<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2014,11/26/2014,52,116,1,12,4>I visited Siphon for the first time on a Thursday morning around 10am. I took my laptop and made it my office for the day which is great for the following reasons:- Fast, unlimited wi-fi. Outlets all over the restaurant.- Plenty of indoor seating (tables, counters, comfy chairs, bar stools, etc.) Most ppl have their computers and are posted up for several hours.- The siphon coffee is fun to watch when it's being brewed, many ppl order it throughout the day and so it brings a different dynamic to your typical coffee house environment.- Menu is unique from other coffee shops and it transitions from am to pm. Before noon, you can order empanadas and breakfast tacos. Afternoon, they offer a great selection of paninis and salads. Pastries are available throughout the day.- Staff is incredibly warm and friendly, I noticed the banter between the staff and several regulars. They were very attentive to me and anything I needed, as I was there for over 4 hours.Pros- A lot of seating if you want to stay awhile. Excellent food options. The siphon coffee is delicious and it's rare to watch it brew like this. Eclectic decor (there is a table for 2 with a vintage video game on it!) Plenty of self parking. Friendly staff. Laid back atmosphere with chill music. Huge windows offer a lot of natural light.Cons- A siphon coffee for one is $7, normally I spend $2 or less for a coffee, so this is quite the jump! Paninis are about $12 and served with plain chips, or there is a $2 upcharge to substitute a salad. I thought this was high for a simple lunch. (Breakfast options are much cheaper, $3, $4, $5). Very little outdoor seating.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,11/25/2014,88,91,8,10,11>Yay for fancy pizzas with not-so-fancy prices! You seriously can't beat the prices here for the quality and amount of pizza that you get. I came with two other people and we shared a large pizza ($12), which is only $4 a person (?!?!). I can't figure out how the owner of Luna is making any money at these prices, but it's awesome for us food lovers :P. We got a half proscuitto & arugula and half mushroom pizza. The pizza itself was good but not mind-blowing. I'm personally not a big fan of tomato sauce, and I thought they were pretty heavy-handed with their sauciness. The crust was also kind of soggy in the middle because of the heavy toppings. I loved the mushroom pizza with whipped ricotta...so creamy and delicious! The proscuitto was also very tasty (though hard to eat, like all proscuitto pizzas).Like other yelpers have mentioned, free beer and wine until they get their liquor license! Just ask for it.   I am also in love with the ambiance of the place. There are big bar tables with games on them that people can play while eating, and there's even a table with a playable pacman game! You get the feeling that the restaurant is super chill and fun.   I'll definitely try to visit here again before the owner figures out that he could be charging much more for his delicious pies ;).
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,11/24/2014,225,440,9,12,10>I've now officially been to Pappa Geno's twice and it is still the best cheese steak I've had in Houston!Super fresh bread, piping hot steak, melty provolone cheese and the option to add mushrooms, onions and brown gravy to my sammy makes this lady very happy!  It is also a must to get the fries with brown gravy, because gravy makes everything that much better!You will get messy, you might not eat it all (yay for leftovers at 2am) and you might have to wait a bit....but it is soooooo worth it!Note: This review was written during the 30 minutes before my lunch break.  Now I am very sad because I only have a turkey sandwich in my lunch kit.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2014,11/23/2014,76,55,10,11,11>I'm reviewing the little Cafe in the back, this is also a small grocery store I didn't explore. I ordered the puri puri I believe it's called. I would describe them as Indian nachos. There are several puffy crunchy "crackers". She poked the top of them and added the toppings. I believe they were tamarind sauce, raw white onion, garbanzo beans, cilantro, I think there was a little potato, yogurt, and crunchy savory "sprinkles" on top. It was like a Symphony in my mouth. The lady kept asking me was I sure I wanted this. I laughed and said yes. She still seemed hesitant but smiled and continued preparing it. I think everything is vegetarian. She asked if I wanted medium or spicy. I don't know what spicy is at this place so I went with medium. Looking back jalapeños would work with this dish. Great service in the kitchen and at the front cashier. The puri puri was 4.99 and I got 2 samosas for 0.75 each,  for the drive home at the end of the day. They were great. I will definitely be back. I came here for lunch during the work day. The food was good,  but with those onions I refused to speak for the rest of the day.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2014,11/22/2014,125,603,9,11,10>There is a diamond in the rough, the rough decision of trying to find a good Vietnamese restaurant that has been around for a long time that has maintained it's food and service standards at the same time.  What you usually get is either good food and bad service or vice versa.Step into Hong Long.  If you have ever eaten at any of the Kim Son's like the one on Jefferson Street or Sugarland then you pretty much know you get not only decent service but a variety of food selections off of a menu as well as great food.  Do you live on the North/North Western side and wish there was one here?  Well this is pretty much close to  the real McKim Son (see what I did there?).  The difference you will find here is the menu is a tad smaller but still everything for everybody, the prices are about 10 percent cheaper, the parking is ample and not all clogged up from other wedding venues and it isn't overly crowded.Interior is clean, design carpet, non tacky wall items, a little bar (not sure if anybody uses it but it's there) and of course the usual monitor or two for your viewing pleasure while you eat.The food test, any place I can bring mother and her not bicker about anything of the food quality, amount and price gets an automatic 5 star for me. This little 72 year old lady that  usually eats half of any portion passed the 90% empty plate test.  I had the fried tofu (hold the bell peppers please and add spicy anything) and you've got a dish that will have you craving for more.Water could use a little tune up, it taste like something that was sitting in a aluminum container for a while but that's probably the local water, not much they can help unless they want to do filters and such.Price for mother's 10% senior discount (with i.d.) and my meal.....$16!Service, my water did not hit the bottom except for almost the first time but anybody's first round might be the quickest since thirst factor kicks in but not only that, I can count no less than 5 times during my 45 minute meal when they checked up on us and surrounding tables.Place is good for an easy 100 people so bring your crowd  here.......just don't do it when I'm eating please.If you are driving down highway 249 and see the movie tavern, look next to it, it's at an adjacent lot within walking distance.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2014,11/21/2014,439,301,10,12,9>I'm a foodie...I think we all are but I'm ALWAYS on the search for new places to roll across my good ole #1 yelping tool, MY TONGUE!I searched for tacos and TdJ popped up in my bookmarks.  I read Shawn S.' review and checked the website for a coupon.  Sure enough, $1 gets you some flavored drink (I chose lemonade), charro beans (which you already get from the door) and a brisket taco.  Seriously, one buck!  The taco was absolutely delicious, tender meat...cheese...definite winner.  Print that coupon for sure!!!!My coworker and I split the chicken flautas as we weren't far from feeling satisfied after the beans and tacos.  I have to say the guacamole on those flautas were utterly disgusting.  I really cannot comprehend how a mexican restaurant can funk up guac but TdJ definitely does...they lose a star for that BS, seriously!Once scrapped off my flautas, they were pretty good though.  They are served with grilled potatoes which were good but could be cooked a smidgen longer for extra tenderness imo.  The service here was great, didn't have any problem communicating with the waitress at all.  Definitely return worthy!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2014,11/20/2014,39,199,10,13,12>I have lived in the area for over 10 years and have never tried Pallotta's. Boy, I have been missing out on ten years worth of great Italian food!I went on a Friday night during Happy Hour. There was live music and quite a crowd at the bar. Our party was seated right away and our excellent server Mark proceeded to thoroughly explain the entire menu. He clarified that top tomato is their marinara, Pavia sauce is like Alfredo, CBP is cracked black pepper, and YRG is yellow, red, and green bell peppers. The menu is quite extensive and they even have two pages of healthy options with weight watchers points included. Decided to try some of the Happy Hour apps for only $3.50. They are smaller portions which you will be thankful for once you see the size of your entree! Tried the toasted ravioli and the Italian lollipops and both were served with the fabulous top tomato sauce and garlic bread. I paired them with a Christina Aguilera martini served extra dirrrty.Entrees come with soup or salad, but I of course tried both. The tomato basil soup is absolutely delicious! The Greek salad is so big it could be a meal on it's own. Did I mention the warm rolls and garlic butter that come with your soup and salad? Yum!For my main dish I went with the lighter Chicken a la Catie, a goat cheese topped chicken which I opted to have served over spinach instead of whole wheat pasta. I also tasted the Chicken Sausalito and that spicy sausage made the dish!It will be impossible to do, but try and save room for dessert or take some home to go. I had the carrot cake and it was incredibly moist and not overly sweet. I plan on returning soon to try the seasonal pumpkin cheesecake.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,11/19/2014,111,99,4,12,10>I took out my industrial on my right ear about 3 months ago and I've been needing to re-pierce it; for various reasons. I had been looking at numerous shops (in & out of town), reading reviews, and debating on where to go to get the job done. I thought about returning to the original piercer for my industrial or this other piercer where I got my cartilage piercings on my left ear done, but after getting some recommendations I decided to check this place out. Timeless Ink Studio just opened it's doors in the recent weeks of August 2014 and there's a promotion going on, $15 for a piercing! There's some couches in the front right when you walk in so you or your friends can sit down and chat or relax while waiting. A TV is also right there by the waiting area. I didn't take much notice as to what was playing though. If that isn't what you're in the mood for, there's a few computers with internet for use. The owner of Timeless Ink Studio is Michelle. She is very approachable and nice. As soon as I came in we were already chatting and getting to know each other, making it very welcoming. She asked me what my visit was for and I told her. Although I had an agenda and had to move on, I was really curious about all the vape stuff because there was a pretty nice selection of juice, mods, rebuildable atomizers, and vape pens. Looks like they had some coils and batteries and rebuildable atomizers I'm looking to buy too. I'll have to come back on another occasion to spend more time checking out what they have to offer. Even though it's a new shop in town, the people here were knowledgable and experienced. They were really helpful when I was discussing my predicament with my industrial and gave me some good advice and suggestions when I asked. Thanh was my piercer here. I had been dreading the moment of my re-piercing and had many nightmares and scenarios running through my head, but he made it so much easier to handle. He did a good job fixing my ear up and cleaned my fresh piercings very thoroughly. I am satisfied with how the re-piercing of my industrial came out.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2014,11/18/2014,136,73,10,7,8>First off, I've been really sick and coming from overseas, I strayed from my usual remedy of Pho but thinking about the awesomeness of soup while you're sick, I did a quick Yelp search and one of the first local places that popped up was Pho Basil. It was like a sign from the noodle Gods and I knew what I had to do.So about the restaurant, it was centrally located off of Eldridge, easy access from either Briar Forest or Eldridge, clean, and they were very courteous. Service was prompt and they prepped my order exactly as requested to go. The soup was, just what the doctor ordered and had me on my way to health. Good pho is all about the right ingredients and they all fit the bill. Reasonably priced and the quantity was just right. If you've never eaten Vietnamese food, this is a great place to pop your cherry. If you have, then you'll get what you expect to fulfill your craving.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,11/17/2014,413,275,6,10,10>Roost has been in my bookmarks for the longest and we finally got to try it tonight. Our couple friend accepted the invitation to date me and my bf tonight and we're so glad they did!! Roost is a place for sharing (an asian person's dream come true) to taste all their delectable offerings. My bf is now use the whole sharing concept. On our first date, he asked me what I wanted and I told him whatever he's having because I'm sharing with him. He's been trained to share all of his food with me. I'm such a lucky girl.We arrived at 8PM on a Friday and had a 20 minute wait. We enjoyed the patio outside with some cucumber water and a glass of wine. Super. Once we got seated, it was a bit claustrophobic. They promote roost as a place to share with friends - didn't know that meant the space as well. It's small, quaint, and whimsy. I'm sure my friend and I's elbows became even better friends from their constant rubbing,As for food, echoing everybody and their momma on here, the bread service and cauliflower is to die for. To die for. So good we had to order 2 portions and say it twice. The bread comes with 2 of their special butters/spread. for $1.50 more you can get all 4. Just do it. Every butter/spread was freaking amazing. This time around, there was 2 cheese based ones and 2 sweet ones. All were to die for. 2 die 4!We ordered 2 meat dishes (lamb ribs and pork shank - which makes me think of shawshank redemption) and sweet potato samosas. Don't bother remembering because their menus change every 4-6 weeks depending on what is locally available/in season. Each dish was so good. So freaking good. No single flavor was overpowering but all balanced each other in perfect harmony. We finished the meal off with an order of the sorbet and donut holes with coffee ice cream. The dessert did not impress me as much as the meal but they weren't bad.Roost is an all-star place to nestle in, unwind, and enjoy great food. A definite must-go over and over again.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,11/16/2014,78,135,12,14,10>People keep calling this a Fuddrucker's knock off.Well it is, but better.  Allow me to explain.The drive - It's not right off of 45, you need to head towards the Mainland mall.  Might not mean anything to Texans, but this part of Texas, where the development isn't as thick is actually very serene.   For me at least, the drive out there is one of the pleasures.   Headed towards Galveston, in general the land just lays out for you. Decoration - it's like every other American restaurant.  Old popular music over the air, little bits of Americana on the walls.  It could be Chili's, Fuddrucker's, TGIFrdays, or any other place.    You don't come here for to be inspired by the interior decoration.The lay out is funky.  From the front of the building, you're lead straight to the "fixin's bar".  And have to circumnavigate your way around.  But the menu?  AWESOME.  Finally people that get it.  I like to know what I might order without having to flag somebody down for a tri-fold photocopy of the offerings.Staff - Texas friendlyPatrons - Lots of families.But the food...Definitely not a frozen pattie.  Felt like somebody woke up in the morning, formed the patties by hand, and had them ready to go for lunch.Cooked to order, got mine medium.Beef flavor was great.  Can't say if it was Angus or or something else, but it's good ground beef.Pricing is comparable to what you'd pay else where.Where they have Fuddrucker's beat is in the toppings.  They've got your standard lettuce, tomato, onion, and BBQ sauce if you're feeling frisky.  But they also have Sambal.   I didn't know Texas City liked Malaysian food?  Thought it was just me.And did I mention they had chocolate malt?  My only complaint was that the malt wasn't as well incorporated into the shake as I would like.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,11/15/2014,460,65,7,8,4>I've driven by many My Fit Foods locations the last couple years and have never bothered to stop by and check the place out until now.OMG. I've honestly been missing out on all this deliciousness, I hate myself for not coming sooner. This is a newer location here in the Copperfield/Cypress area, located next to KFC and Home Depot.I walk in and I am immediately greeted by Ryan, a MFF Employee. He asked me what brought me in and I let him know this was my very first time coming to a MFF. He quickly gave me a little overview on how the place works. He gave me his opinions on favorite dishes which I appreciated very much. I ended up picking up the Almond Crusted Chicken, Forbidden Chicken, and the Provita Chicken. They provide microwaves and seating inside if you would like to indulge in all the yumminess immediately right then and there! I picked out the Provita Chicken outta the bunch I had purchased and ate it there. The meal consists of slices of seasoned chicken breast, a side of yam mashed potatoes, and string green beans. Omgosh this stuff was da bomb! After finishing I had to run back to the counter and pick up another one because it was so freakin' good!Overall, the place is bangin'! Great delicious fresh meals, not too pricey, friendly staff! I see myself coming here weekly from here on out. Thanks MFF!
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2014,11/14/2014,84,118,8,11,9>Without a doubt in my mind, Kata Robata has to be one of my favorite sushi restaurants in Houston. (Of course, my absolute favorite is Uchi, but Kata Robata is up there). Whether it's a birthday celebration, or a great work-week reward, or some crazy boy drama you need to drown out, or an insatiable desire for ramen, my friends and I always resort to Kata Robata. They have an excellent menu, great quality of food and amazing ambiance. *Food: I've tried several dishes here and although I'm not an absolute fan of all of them, I can say they're great quality dishes. My favorite dish here is the spicy soy ramen. If you see me at Kata Robata, nine times out of ten I will be having the ramen. I usually request to get the ramen with grilled chicken instead of the pork (servers have to check with the chef). I love this dish soo much.. The broth has a great balance of creaminess and spiciness and ramen is perfectly cooked. And for $14, the portion is pretty large. Another favorite is the lobster mac n' cheese. Succulent lobster pieces with rich, buttery mac n' cheese. Oh so heavenly! This is also a dish I usually share because of the large portion and richness. I also like their specialty rolls. I recommend the longhorn, salmon & soft shell crab (FAV!!), and the sexy scallop. One of the few dishes that I actually didn't like was the uni chawanmushi (japanese egg custard). Don't get me wrong I was glad I tried it..but it's just not my cup of tea. The dish just seemed one note and lacked texture. One of the most disappointing things about Kata Robata is the dessert menu. Honestly, none of the 5 dessert choices really seem that appealing. I've tried the strawberry shortcake...It was kind of a fail for me. There were just so many elements going on in the dish that it didn't seem very cohesive. *Service: This is another thing that demoted Kata Robata from 5 stars. The servers are pretty inconsistent. Some are really helpful, attentive, and knowledgeable, while others are just careless and indifferent. I recall one time when one of our servers forgot some of the elements on the item and she just seemed lost!  Kata Robata is a perfect dinner spot for any occasion! The food is just incredible and that's enough to keep me coming back for more.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2014,11/13/2014,45,56,6,15,9>Growing up as a kid, my family lovedd eating hot pot, especially during winter times. Like drinking hot chocolate on a cold Christmas night, hot pot was the Asian way of staying warm during the winter season. I personally have never liked hot pot, mainly because my family just boils the food in an extremely bland broth and dips everything into soy sauce. I've never really enjoyed it until I tried this Mongolian Hot Pot restaurant. If you didn't know how hot pot works, you basically order a load of raw food, which you would proceed to cook, by yourself, in a giant pot of boiling soup. Mongolian Hot Pot basically has two flavors to choose from: original or spicy. I'm not a big fan of spicy foods, but the first time I dipped something into this spicy soup broth and took a bite, I fell in love. Even though I would start sweating profusely, I could not stop my hands from shoving the food into my mouth. The flavor is so intense that there was no need for sauces. Caution: I usually remove half of the chili peppers from the spicy broth at the beginning because the spiciness tend to get more intense as you let it boil and marinate into the broth over time...Some of my favorite items are beef tendons, Napa cabbage, sweet corn, enoki mushrooms, etc. The WIDE POTATO NOODLES are a must!! They are clear, flat noodles that are extremely chewy. You also haavee to get the FISH TOFU, a new item they recently added. Don't know how to explain, but I definitely guarantee that you won't regret ordering it. The downside from this location is that they don't have certain items that the other location carries, such as deep fried dough sticks, FRIED fish tofu, beer beef, etc. I would give this place 6 STARS if they did because those are at the top of my favorite items for hot pot. Upside to this location is that the sauces are free and self served. So you have the option to concoct your own special sauce.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,11/12/2014,109,85,16,20,18>I'm not even exactly sure where to begin with this review.  Everything was picture perfect from the moment we walked in the door.  We were greeted with a warm smile, and led directly to our table, even though we were a bit early for our reservation.  We were seated at a cute corner table in an intimate sized room in the back.  Our server came by promptly and opened our bottle of wine, all while telling us about some specials that ALL sounded great!I am a big fan of sides, so naturally, I wanted them all....I let my boyfriend order the steak, which came topped with blue cheese sitting atop a bed of mashed potatoes and vegetables.  He thought there was too much blue cheese, but to me, there is no such thing as too much blue cheese! :)The rest of the meal I filled with sides.  I got the asparagus, polenta, and risotta.  I also got a chef's special appetizer which was lobster mac and cheese croquettes.  Everything was delicious!  Seriously.  After the first bite of his steak, which was cooked to a perfect medium rare, my boyfriend said, and I quote, "I need to go back there and slap the chef.  He's throwing off the balance of the universe."No.  Really.  He said that.  And when the meal was over, he did just that.  A nice slap on the shoulder for a job well done. The croquettes were not my favorite, but other than that, everything was awesome.The desserts even all sounded good.  I wanted to order them all, but by the time we got around to it, I was too full.  So we asked our server what his favorite was.  And OH. MY. GOODNESS!  Chocolate lava cake with salted caramel gelato.  A few bites in, I proclaimed that I was too full to continue.  But continue I did.  All the way until I was practically scraping the bottom of the ramekin.  YUM!Overall, it was a phenomenal experience, and one that I would love to repeat.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,11/11/2014,319,181,23,23,24>And then out of nowhere, the heavens opened up and a rainbow appeared across the sky. And Rick said "It was good."And then the clouds formed a tunnel around the rainbow and it stretched and curved from the heavens onto the earth. And Rick said, "it was good."And then a thunder could be heard flowing throughout the rainbow leading from the heavens through the mist of the clouded path onto the earth. And Rick said, "it was good."And when the thunder began to cease, a figure began to appear at the exit of the rainbow tunnel. A red food trailer being pulled by deer and swine proudly began to slow and settle the vehicle and its massive black pit onto the corner of Eldridge and FM 1960.  The rainbow began to compress into a fire and settled into the black pit as the clouds that formed the tunnel began to pour down into the pit and slowly exiting the pit causing smoke to fill the air with its mesquite fragrance. And Rick said, "it was good."This is the story of the creation of a god sent BBQ truck that came to earth to save us all from the horrible BBQ in and around the Cypress and NW area of Houston. As witnessed by myself and a few others who were with me as we were traveling to another restaurant for lunch. Instead of repeating the same ole lunch type experience we were halted by these event that turned into a blessing.Adjacent to Walmart and across from Target and a carwash is an old abandoned Eckerds/CVS/Gym which now serves as a parking lot full of cars there for who knows why and vendors selling various items and fixing car windows, appears the new heaven sent food truck with clouds of smoke around it. You could smell it from your car while parked at the intersection with the air on high and the windows up. I KNEW I WAS IN TROUBLE AT THAT POINT.So I begin searching my pockets for spare cash, as I never carry cash, and started asking my passengers if they had any. In totally we came up with $3.50 cent.  Sad. But..a glowing light of "we take MasterCard and Visa" appeared. YES.I start with a pound of venison sausage and a pound of ribs. The service was very pleasant as father and son prepared my order.  We exchanged some laughs and I disappeared 5 minutes later into my truck. 5 minutes after that...I reappeared ordering another 2 lbs of the same sausage and 2 lbs of ribs. IT WAS DELICIOUS! I simply can't detail enough on how perfectly smoked and seasoned those ribs are. They serve them two ways. One with their special glaze of brown sugar and apple cider and another without the glaze but with its original rub and smoke. I tried both but being from Arkansas I preferred the latter. Now...the sausages. Its hard to beat dear sausage. And these guys have theirs specially made for them. Not that preprocessed stuff. This stuff is literally organic viagra. You don't need no sauce ...you don't need no nothing. Just those babies and you're done. Now that's all I tried. I wasn't much a fan of the sauce but frankly its not needed. They gave me some potato salad and honestly I'm not much of a fan of that either but if you require those things then you aren't fully a BBQ fan. Just give me what I came for...MEAT. Very rare I give out 5 stars on a first visit. But after those ribs and sausages all I saw was stars. In fact, I went straight to sleep after I burped. Oink and Prosper!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,11/10/2014,59,45,11,9,12>I was scrolling through my check in's and just realized i've never written a review for Community!  For shame.  I love so many things about this place.  The bartender is awesome.  He can make you anything your little heart desires.  They do have beer but not a huge selection.  They lean more towards cocktails made with fresh ingredients and fruit infused vodka's.  Their cheeseburgers are stupid good.  Like don't even go anywhere else y'all. Now, let's talk about what made me fall in love with this place:Goat.  Cheese.  Eggrolls.  Shut. UP.The first time I experienced them I was with Rachel B. and Mike W. drunker than shit.  I needed fried food and that is what I ordered.  I woke up the next morning thinking about these egg rolls, but i didn't know if I was just super wasted or if they were really just that good.....I'm happy to report that I have ordered them 3-4 times since then and wasted or not, they are gooooooood.  If you like goat cheese and unconventional ingredients, order them.  I swear to christ you will not regret it.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,11/9/2014,57,128,10,10,10>Unnnnnnnnh. That is the guttural sound I make when diving into a plate of Swinging Door BBQ. I've never been a huge fan of BBQ. I don't have dreams about it the stuff or cravings for it, so I was especially annoyed when my now-husband's family wanted to take us out to Saturday evening dinner at their local "PG" (a suburban attempt at creating hip, urban slang for Pecan Grove) barbecue joint. This was several years ago when my husband and I first began dating, so naturally I slapped on a fake smile and shut the hell up instead of voicing my disdain for smoked meats.Man, was I wrong. Okay, I'll admit that the decor is awful, the floor isn't level and the layout is weird, but the FOOD. THE FOOD! Large portions of fantastic peppery link sausage with crispy casing and flavorful insides... the most moist & tender brisket with crispy bark, and the juiciest turkey breast ever - MUCH better than the dried-out, tasteless Thanksgiving turkey your grandma slaves over each November. I can't get enough. What's more, the sides are wonderful as is the barbecue sauce. The sauce comes served atop your meat, unless you ask for it dry (I always do so I can determine the appropriate meat-sauce ratio... it's an art form, really) and is so tangy with a slight sweetness. The sauce has a slightly thicker texture (possibly made with honey?) and is good for soppin' with sliced white bread (provided gratis before and during your meal) or for pickle-sauce-dunking. Pickle-sauce-dunking is a real thing, people, and a wonderful thing at that.Sides are actually homemade and the potato salad is my absolute favorite. It contains plenty of chopped boiled eggs, just how I like it. I also love the green beans (fresh, not canned) which come with just the right amount of salt and pepper and although not an absolute necessity, they certainly help you digest the rest of your meal more easily and give you that healthy feeling you may otherwise be lacking. When dining in, Ziegenbock pitchers are a must to help wash down all that umami, as well as a fruit cobbler to top off your meal. They have a couple different flavors each day and each order is served with a large scoop of vanilla ice cream. Cherry and peach are my happy place. In all, Swinging Door is worth the drive and you'll likely find something you'll enjoy there, regardless of your BBQ fanatic status. Growing up an inner-looper, I never thought I'd say this (and if you tell anyone I will deny, deny, deny), but God bless the 281!
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2014,11/8/2014,424,539,11,21,18>Clumsy Butcher has done it again!  This time Alba Huerta takes the spotlight as the owner of this southern bourbon bar, bringing Kenny Freeman over from Anvil to serve as the GM.I'd expect nothing less than excellent cocktails that are well balanced, potent, and have that southern charm. Currently there are about 15 cocktails on the menu, with a few coming over from Anvil.  If you haven't guessed, they serve the mint julep, a classic cocktail of the south.  It's basically 100 proof bourbon, mint, and sugar, served in its own classic metal cup (can purchase for $20) with crushed ice topped off with powdered sugar.  If it's too strong for you, let some of the ice melt to water down the drink.  That's what it's there for, so you can still drink it on a hot summer's day! They also have two other versions of the julep, with the spiced one giving you a pyrotechnic display as they burn the spices to enhance the flavor of the drink.For the other cocktails, you get your choice of rum, bourbon (of course), gin, scotch, cognac, rye whiskey, etc. Vodka is available, but I challenge you to expand your pallette and try gin! If you have trouble deciding on what drink to order, try to look for the first few keywords in the description, aka light and refreshing or boozy and alluring. Not everyone is an alcoholic like me and knows the flavor profile of the spirits and the aperitifs used.If you see the word bitters, it's going to be a slightly bitter drink! It's taken me a while to get used to that, so if you're a newbie stick to drinks that don't have it at all. Also anything with Campari is strong. =)For my drinks, I had the Cherry Bounce Sour and the Boulevadier.  The first one is light and refreshing, with a cherry kick.  The 100 proof bourbon is barely noticeable.  You only realize it after you've finished your drink in five minutes!  The second is a twist on the classic Negroni, with equal parts bourbon, Campari, and sweet vermouth.  This is not a rookie drink, I repeat, not a rookie drink. Campari is citrus-based, bitter aperitif, so it takes getting used to. But once you have, wow you'll wonder why you didn't know about it earlier!And if you really want to impress your friends, order that $120 seafood tower! Lobster, oysters, clams, prawns, and scallops!  I saw a couple order that and was breath-taken! And I bet that sealed the deal.... =)Oh and once last thing!!! How could I forget!  They have tons of spirits available for .75 oz or 1.5 oz pour!  And duh, they have tons of bourbon!  Great selection, as Alba got the hook up with bottles of Pappy Van Winkle!If you're not familiar with PVW, they are a rare collection of bourbon that up until a few years ago, sold at the regular retail prices.  Now, they are 5-10 times that on the market due to their rarity, and the price shows at $45 for a 20 year old. I had a chance to try that a month ago at Reserve 101, and it was heavenly.  The bouquet was rich, and my tastebuds were dancing as this aged Kentucky nectar entered my mouth! It's a great experience to try, so put that on your bucket list!In summary, 5 stars.  No grand opening excuses of we're still perfecting our drinks. Go now and maybe you'll see me there!
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,11/7/2014,556,161,14,20,16>You could not justify Teppay's average 3.5 star rating to me... I felt as though I'd been transported to Japan - a small nook of a restaurant, simply decorated with little maneki-neko and mini-sushi figurines at the sushi bar, a real Japanese staff that gently greets you with a "moshi moshi"... not like Miyako's abrasive "MOSHI MOSHI!!!!", and most notably, the incredibly well-done, authentic food. My experience was pure peace and comfort, and I couldn't have gotten a table-for-one at a better place.Per recommendation of my Teppay addicted friend, I ordered the clam miso soup, the 6 piece omakase, and 2 pieces of torched salmon belly sushi topped with lemon and sea salt... Yes, you just read right. Wipe the drool off your chin and keep reading. The clam miso (not on the lunch menu) came out in a bowl with a bowl shaped lid. Steam floated up upon the unveiling, and fresh clams filled the bowl, swimming in a beautiful miso broth. The bowl-lid was the perfect receptacle for my clam shells, and I made sure there wasn't one drop of soup left. Next came the torched salmon belly - which includes a little fire show if you sit at the sushi bar. The slightly charred taste on the outside, with the raw, cold, buttery inside, and that pop of citrus and salt make this one of my favorite sushi of all time. The omakase was an obvious mix of salmon, mackerel, yellow tail, red snapper (I think), flounder or trout, and amaebi (sweet shrimp). Each sushi was adorned with high quality seafood. The mackeral was unlike any I've tried - not that crazy, pickled mess you get at every other sushi joint. The amaebi, a perfect finale to my meal, was presented with two halves of a fried sweet shrimp head, making it much easier to eat than when fried whole.Don't pay attention to that 3.5 star nonsense. If you're here complaining about the price and the portion size, then maybe you should be going to Tokyo One or something. This is how Japanese food is supposed to be done, and definitely something to try at least once when your wallet isn't empty. If you find yourself next to a large Skecher's shoe store on Voss and Westheimer, know that you are actually moments away from Japan... or at least the most Japenese experience you will have here in the H.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,11/6/2014,439,285,21,25,23>Fantastic place to unwind and relax -- a TOTAL escape from Houston and all its problems!   This place reminds me of a speakeasy from the 1920's -- a place you could hang out and just enjoy some wine or cocktails and relax.   This place does the trick :)   My advice:  go during Happy Hour and enjoy the very inexpensive wines and don't forget the food.   Whipped Feta with Veggies?!?!?!    who thought of this was a genius!  Punjabi popcorn?  wow!  Seriously.  I'd eat this all day if my cardiologist would let me.  (shhh -- he doesn't have to know)Parking is awesome as well, as this is in a strip center right off Washington and Studemont -- lots of awesome parking (hey, parking ITL?  that's a miracle right there!)Lots of great wines, lots of places to chill, from romantic to even a first date, or even just to take a friend to go get a drink, this is your place!Thank you Absolve :)  you have a friend for life!
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,11/5/2014,61,163,9,9,10>SAY WHAT?! Hands down the BEST banh mi I have EVER tasted! And this is coming from a home grown Cali girl that grew up off of banh mi on every corner near and far! If I could give this joint 10 stars I would. LOL. Where to begin with this review? I'm still dreaming of the sandwich I just devoured. Haha! 1st off, customer service was beyond great! My husband has an allergy to MSG, fish sauce and soy sauce.  IKR, Filipino guy allergic to the main ingredients in every Filipino/Asian meal. Haha. Anyhow, the staff was SUPER helpful with helping us choose something my husband can eat. I LOVE how everything is made from scratch! Like seriously?! I've mentioned this many times before, I'm a sucker for great customer service and fresh food. They told me straight up they know what goes in the meatballs because they make that ish from scratch. LOVE!! LOVE!! LOVE!! You have no idea how stoked we were to hear that! My husband ended up getting the meatball banh mi with an over medium egg. They triple checked to make sure every single ingredient had no form of msg or soy sauce. Thats above and beyond great customer service! My husband took one bite and was in banh mi heaven! He inhaled that sucker! Hahaha My 6 yr old got a chicken banh mi and much to my surprise killed the entire sandwich w/ NO complaints! As for me I tried the ribeye steak banh mi w/ over medium egg. Like really? It was so bomb dizzle I was going to cry! The steak was sautéed with garlic and onions, egg was cooked over medium with perfect yolk explosion and the bread was melt in yo mouth fluffy cloud heaven. Hahaha I mean seriously. I wish more places like this existed. It's not your typical hole in the wall banh mi joint. From the outside I was expecting something a lot more different. The inside was very modern like! We will be back for more!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2014,11/4/2014,86,91,8,12,12>A solid selection of craft beers with an awesome growler exchange program for those that dont want to own one to boot. If you cant finish a growler by yourself...and shame on you...they have smaller bottles for you to use as well. Want to sample before purchasing? Consider it done! While I have acquired a few growlers of my own they will fill it without question. They even take the time to sanitize it unlike every other place Ive been to. Premium Draught is serious about draft beer and they properly fill the growlers for those beer nerds out there. This is all at a fair price too for fresh beer!
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,11/3/2014,121,314,2,14,9>I finally got to check out this place after several recommendations. My wife and I went for a couple's massage. I'd never gotten a Thai massage. We got escorted to the room (clean, well-appointed, and quiet) and we were asked if we wanted a regular or strong massage. I decided to go for strong. Strong = getting pulled, twisted and turned in all sorts of crazy positions.  And yes, they walk over you. All the stress from work just melted away. It's a bit pricier than reflexology but cheaper than regular massage joints. I highly recommend this place; this is one of the best massages I've had, ever.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,11/2/2014,289,404,7,8,7>This is one of our favorite spots in town, and it's always followed by a trip to El Bollilo. I struggle to call this authentic Mexican food considering I know how my Mexican MIL cooks, but it's definitely not typical Tex-Mex. This is more like regional Mexican food with a modification for the Houston audience, and keep in mind that Houstonians are pretty discerning when it comes to Mexican food. But it doesn't matter how we label this food, just EAT IT. GET THE CARNITAS. This isn't shredded pork in sauce a la Freebirds, but rather chunks of beautifully caramelized meat served with rice, beans and tortillas. My husband absolutely loves this dish and always has leftovers.If you're not in the mood for pork, go with LA CHELY plate. It comes with a chicken enchilada in verde salsa, a beef fajita soft taco in a fresh flour tortilla, and a queso puff! I like this plate because it allows you to try multiple sauces and meat preparations. The menu is extensive, so you're bound to find something you like. Teotihuacan is a Houston gem!
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,11/1/2014,30,48,7,9,7>After thinking about it for a couple wks...well months, I finally decided to stop here and give it a try. You never know how long a business is going to last in this space, since many have come & gone.       I ordered the 3pc catfish filet w/ fries and also a link of fried boudin. Wow, the size of the filets was nothing short of impressive! Nice & crispy with a light seasoning that's not quite a match for my usual at "The Fish Place" in Missouri City but I know every cook does it a little different. I like that it wasn't greasy and the fries weren't those super skinny ones, but the kind that are worth the calories with seasoning too. The boudin was ok but next time I'll ask if I can have a regular link, not fried, if possible.I'll definitely be back. Good prices & well worth another visit!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2014,10/31/2014,148,132,7,10,6>In the infamous words of my bro Patrick Y., "House of Bowls is my shiz." I wholeheartedly agree.  Living right next to Chinatown has its benefits such as me having constant access to Taiwanese and Chinese food.  Its cons include my increasing waist size and braving through the crazy Bellaire traffic and drivers to get some grub.I initially stopped by House of Bowls during my lunch break and grabbed some fried noodles.  I honestly have no idea what I ordered.  I blame the flurry of meetings I had that week for clouding my memory.  All I remember was that whatever I ordered was tasty and that the portion was HUGE.  It also took about 15-20 minutes to get my to-go order.  Needless to say.. I ended up taking a really long lunch.  Oops.The second time I visited House of Bowls was when the boyfriend and his siblings stopped by Houston during their crazy tri-city road trip.  All I was told was that there were 3 hungry boys and 1 hungry girl.. and that they all ate quite a bit.  And if they're related to the boyfriend, I knew that the statement "eating a lot" was an understatement...  The boyfriend is a food devouring disposal.  Do you know how terrifying it is to date a 25 year old food eating machine?  I digress..For the group of 5 of us, we ordered the black pepper beef spaghetti, curry shrimp fried rice, some noodle dish the boyfriend was dead set on ordering, and two orders of the chicken wing appetizers (btw thanks Pat Pat for the Facebook suggestions and snarky comments about me not inviting you - sucker).  Unlike the time I ordered lunch, the entrees for dinner came out with lightening speed.  Of course the entrees came out well before the appetizers but what do you expect from a Chinatown?  Hah, orders coming out in order at an Asian restaurant?  That's hilarious.We demolished the food.  Well, the boyfriend and his siblings demolished the food as I watched the spectacle in awe.  I was a huge fan of the curry shrimp fried rice and the black pepper beef spaghetti.  For the random noodle dish we ordered.. well.. it's probably a good thing that I don't remember what it was because it wasn't memorable at all.  And then those chicken wings... hmm.. those chicken wings were super crispy and tasty. My only regret from my recent visits is not trying out the house special spaghetti.. Something about Canadian bacon and an egg on top of noodles sounds delicious and makes my mouth water.  But that's on my list of things to try on my next visit.House of Bowls is solid.  Huge portions, cheap and delicious food, and has the ability to satiate my food eating machine of a boyfriend.  Yay.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2014,10/30/2014,376,293,7,10,8>I love this place!!  It's a hidden gem in the heights and can easily be missed when driving by.Their Italian food is authentic.  It's a small sit down restaurant with a deli when you first walk in.  Every time I've come, it's always been packed!  Service is friendly and prompt.  Food is amazing!  I've tried their mussels and calamari.  Robust flavors and everything tastes so fresh.  Hubby gets the pasta or their special which consists of a variety of meats.  You can't go wrong with any of their menu items.  One of the best Italian restaurants in Houston!
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2014,10/29/2014,200,348,11,13,9>The first time I came here, the ceiling fell on a couple eating near the windows. Yes, the ceiling fell on top of them and so did a ginormous water balloon. Both of them and their food were soaked. If you don't want that to happen to you, get your food to go.This is my second favorite Vietnamese sandwich shop after Don's in Chinatown. The sandwiches here are MEATY and cheap. Get #1 - chargrilled pork with pate. Also while you're in line, grab a bag and stuff it full of egg rolls. They are addicting and practically free.I wouldn't recommend the pho here. Something about the broth is a bit off. Save your money for Pho Saigon across the street.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2014,10/28/2014,77,534,6,11,9>I have visited a handful of times, and Springbok is always solid, if not excellent.  A long bar along the left, plenty of tables scattered, high ceilings, an upstairs and balcony area.  Really a big area.  Plenty of TV's, and they are always showing rugby and cricket matches playing.Sitting upstairs can be a little awkward.  There is a bar, but no taps and no beer menu.  So you are kind of guessing in the dark.  The only way to know what they have on tap is to browse the handles down stairs.  At first look, there are about 50 taps.  Though, if you look at the bar, it seems everything is doubled up.  I think both tap towers have the same beer selection (at least from what I saw).  Anyway, getting past all that, they do have a few good beers.  Most the year round and seasonals from Karbach and Saint Arnold, as well as some other bigger national crafts.  Plenty of macros as well.  All things to all people on the beer front.  Some good cocktails as well.  I have had a few Pimms Cup like drinks that are spot on.OK, drinks are fine, the food is what is really exceptional.  I don't know if this is true South African.  Though the menu does remind me a lot of the little roadside/hole in the wall places I ate at when working in Trinidad.  Which makes sense.Curry of the day rotates, and is great.  Though the lamb sausage is amazing.  A great casing that is a little coarse, and all around spot on.  Not to mention the small bites, like the deviled eggs with candied bacon, oh yeah, and or the pork belly, what the...yes please, or the chicken liver moose with blueberry and fresh baked bread...drool.  For such a small menu, everything is so appealing to me.  Just recently, I had the Oxtail, which is some of the best in town.  A ton of meat that is rich, tender and flavorful.  It is so soft, it just falls right off the bone.  Though what really makes the meal is the candied carrots and bread pudding.  Both ad texture and sweetness that balances the richness of the gravy and natural hardiness of the meat.  Just a treat.Service at the bar down stairs is always on point, though can be a little off and unorganized upstairs, or at the tables.  Though always friendly and willing to help.  A really unique menu that can be great, and at worst, just damn good.  For me, a great spot for a pre drink and great food before heading next door to the Saucer (which I think has pretty bland food).  A wonderful addition to downtown.  4.5 stars.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,10/27/2014,152,257,10,12,13>Every Wednesday night at 6:00, Jackie's hosts a laid back social run around Clear Lake Shores, or over the Kemah Bridge with mileage ranging from 2-4 miles, or however far you want to go. You run, you come back and they feed you free salad and pasta. How cool is that? You have a sign a waiver your first time, but after that you can just sign in for free stuff like t-shirts, koozies, etc. Now, the salad and pasta is ok but not outstanding, but it's free, so you do get what you pay for. I am not complaining, but I wouldn't give it four stars. But last week my hubby ordered a Black and Bleu burger and man it was fantastic! It was so flipping huge that next time we go we're going to share that thing!The service isn't that great; I think sometimes the waitresses don't think the runners want to order food or beer. But hello, yes we do! They also have an unadvertised runner's special of grilled chicken, steamed broccoli and potatoes for $6! I had a few bites of my friends and the potatoes taste like they came out of the crawfish boil...spicy and delish! I've never actually been inside, but I love the patio area and the camaraderie of the runners so this is definitely a four star place for that, and for that delicious burger! I want to try the pizza, as it looks so good, but haven't had a chance yet. I will definitely keep coming here for running, food and friends! Hope to see you out there as well!
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2014,10/26/2014,195,262,5,8,11>Donate, Donate, And Donate! I cannot emphasize enough the power of doing something so simple. While this location isn't my normal go to Gulf Coast Regional Blood Bank location - I gladly made the drive from North Houston to attend the YELP event and walk out with that great feeling. (Honestly this was probably one of my favorite YELP community events, granted the events are off the charts, but I'm a sucker for helping out in this manner, whenever I'm eligible!) This location is comfy cozy, with needles involved, kind of a weird combination, right? But no honestly, free Wi-Fi, free parking, television at every donation station, great friendly staff offering snacks, drinks, and blankets. If you can shed your fear of needles, or if you have none to begin with Donate and be someone's hero! It's the little things that count in life, and this type of giving makes each day you live that much more important and meaningful!
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2014,10/25/2014,343,368,11,6,5>I have had a torrid love affair with coffee since my foray into the working world. Since I  haven't won the lottery (yet) and the money tree hasn't been discovered (yet), I think this symbiotic relationship will continue for the time being. However, I must still be in the honeymoon phase because every time I see an espresso machine my eyes light up with joy and anticipation. Nothing can stir my olfactory receptors like a good cup o' joe... okay maybe barbecue too.The Honeymoon Cafe & Bar is down the street from my place of indentured servitude and has been my stop during a many weary mornings. They use coffee beans from Boomtown which creates many of my favorite espresso flavored beverages. I haven't had a chance to try their food or coffee infused beverages, but I plan to stop by in the future for a nooner or a few one night stands. The establishment itself is sprawling with giant windows for natural lighting and has a nice historical, yet contemporary feel which is perfect for the revitalization of Houston's downtown historic district revival.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2014,10/24/2014,355,359,3,12,8>A triad of us dined at Shade this past Sunday. We learned that Shade, too, is part of the "dry" part of the Heights. So, we handed over one of our Driver's License and were good to go. We all began with a question about the menu. We weren't sure what campechana (forgive my spelling) was. Essentially, it was a crab and shrimp ceviche with tons of tomato sauce, and it was super mild. They were served with delicious plantain chips. Mmmm...such a great start!It was then very difficult to decide on our entrees.  My husband went with the steak, which was not flat iron, but some tender part of the same cut. I was confused, but he did not complain, so I went with it. I had the Spiced Ahi Tuna, and it was delicious. Not at all spicy, but it was super filling. It came with a wonderful accompaniment of root chips, basmati rice and a delectable watermelon salad. I was sad that I couldn't finish it. My friend went with the scallops. I LOVE scallops, and after I saw his, I knew what I would get next time. His scallops were just ... beautiful. They came with some succotash and a side vegetable medley. I am definitely getting that the next time I'm there. Unfortunately, we were all too full to opt for dessert. So, my advice to you, leave room for dessert. It's got to be good given all the awesome food we had.Lame Moment: I had it made in the Shade!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2014,10/23/2014,26,101,8,17,11>I was led to this place by a fellow Yelper, who insisted it was heaps better than the disappointment that is Honey Teahouse on 529/Barker Cypress and Ice Valley near 1960. And I'm excited to announce that there is finally good boba in the 'burbs. I Heart Boba is so incredibly awesome for the Cypress/Katy area, and just as good as the teahouses in Bellaire, if not better than some of them. It's located right next door to HEB which is a little hard to see from the street since it is so far back in the plaza, but there is ample signage, making it easy to find. The inside is unassuming and nothing extraordinary, but it's clean, the furniture is comfortable and sturdy, and there are a good amount of outlets for laptops and etc. The menu is straight forward, milk teas, iced/hot teas, slushes, smoothies, coffee and juice. The prices here are very affordable for the 'burbs, so affordable that it's kind of hard for me to believe. My usual peach black tea w/ boba at Honey Teahouse or Ice Valley would definitely pass the $4 mark, but at I Heart Boba it was $3.75, an extra 25ish cents compared to Bellaire prices are not bad at all IMO. My brother had his usual honeydew milk tea w/ boba which was $3.95. Not only are the drinks fairly priced, they are DELICIOUS! My peach black tea was fruity, perfectly sweet and just the right amount of tea. The honeydew milk tea was lightly sweetened, creamy and not super artificial or powdery tasting. The boba is vaguely sweet and just the right amount of chew, albeit smaller than the average boba, but I think I may have been given baby boba by accident, no biggie. ALSO, they do not fill your drink with tons of ice like other places do, I'm looking at you Honey Teahouse. They had forgotten the boba in my brother's drink, we let them know and the lady at the counter was overly apologetic and promptly went to fix it. She also insisted that we actually try our drinks before we leave the shop and if the drinks were too sweet or too bland she'd go ahead and fix it right up for us. A+ service from this lady, she's the bomb. They also sell a variety of banh mi (~$4), which I saw a lot of people ordering, with add on options like fried egg or avocado, something I will likely take advantage of. Will definitely get one the next time I come around. I believe they also have a reward program, you just punch in your phone number after every transaction and every tenth drink is free, I think...not certain so don't take my word for it. They also have an amazing selection of board games behind the counter, glad they keep it back there so stupid kids/teens don't get them all nasty with they grimy little hands, very smart on their part.My new favorite boba place in all of Houston, even beats Bellaire for me. Definitely will become a regular customer whether they like it or not :D
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,10/21/2014,543,497,29,34,26>Costumer service is friendly squared.  I am a sucker for an establishment that makes you feel as though your business is wanted.  They were very patient with my menu browsing and suggested many things for me to possibly buy.  They also were very forthright about what menu items were the most popular.  The person at the counter did not know about the yelp special to whereas you can spend $5 for $10 worth of food, but they did not give me an ounce of grief on my redemption.  The pricing is pretty fair, so the yelp deal made the purchase that much sweeter.  Once I did select my food items, they gave me a timeline to wait for the food and ensured me that all their food items were fresh, and they never sale frozen meat or prepare their food with such.  They were fulfilling another order and asked if I would like to try a sample while I waited for my food...umm...4th star just was earned people!The hostesses turned her attention to a couple that walked through the doors and immediately called them by name and asked if they wanted their regular order.  Good thing about that is you know they have repeat business, and they make sure to personalize their service.  You are more than just another wallet walking through their doors.  I think because I am silly, this scenario amused me a lot.  I asked to view the restrooms while I waited, and found they placed a urinal a mere 4 feet in front of the toilet in the restroom! You better have a real good relationship with the person you share those facilities if you have to do a number one while they have to do a number two, or vice versa! Nothing says "I trust you a lot" like experience a dump of someone in close quarters!I didn't go too exotic with my order, so I had fried rice, sweet and sour chicken and the house special fried rice.  The house special fried rice is pretty much all the basic meats inside the rice.  As an omnivore with carnivore inclinations, this rice pleases me.  All in all, this is decent tasting food.  The ingredients are obviously fresh, and they took their time fixing the food.  This is your normal Houston based Chinese food, but think about it tastings a lot fresher than normal.   This is a place worth trying.  They even offer smoothies and have lunch specials.  Take a look at the website and you can see they also offer two delivery specials as well.  All in all, a good place to get decent tasting food and decent pricing, but great service.  I think it also helps that they are not skimpy with portions!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2014,10/20/2014,91,97,3,13,7>I think it was the pictures I saw on yelp that made me bookmark this place. The not ice cream/not snow cone pictures looked weird but it made me want to try it even more. When you come in you are given a little slip that has the different flavors, drizzles, and toppings you can choose from so it would be easier to make your order. I got the green tea as the flavor, mango and lychee toppings, and chocolate drizzle on top. You see them bring out these frozen blocks of ice and put it on a shave machine in front of you. So awesome to watch but even better to eat.It's a 10. I like ice cream but I hate eating it in the Texas heat because it makes me sluggish and thirsty. Nu Ice a good alternative because its still cold and sweet but not thick and heavy like real ice cream. I brought my friend here who doesn't like to try new food but to my surprise he really enjoyed it. I want to try all the flavors on the flavors on the menu. If you haven't been, you are really missing out.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,10/19/2014,130,201,4,9,7>335 glowing reviews and well deserved!      In the heart of the yuppiest part of Midtown, this cutesy lil crêperie is fluffing out serious crêperage. The sweet surprise on my first visit is that they have a full espresso bar and homemade gelato AND paninis! That's what I call something for everyone.      I visit crêperies when I just want a little something between lunch and dinner but this joint can be a full-on meal choice.      I tried a vanilla latte iced that was almost frap-like. I ordered the #1 savory crêpe which had chicken, mushrooms, fresh spinach, swiss cheese and was smothered in a creamy mushroom sauce.      IT WAS DELICIOUS! The crêpe was delicate yet it held its "integrity" against the sauce and the cheese. The spinach was fresh.      The "pooch-friendly" patio is awesome for a hot yet breezy Houston mid-afternoon. Parking is a pickle but it's midtown, come prepared or walk.      I ABSOLUTELY LOVE my experience here and cannot wait to try their sweet crêpe next time and possibly a Panini on the side!
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,10/18/2014,137,165,13,14,10>Made my first trip to Sleepy's Po-Boys because I had a midnight craving. Drove past it 3 times because it's hiding directly behind a Church's chicken on S. Main at Buffalo Speedway.  While ordering we chatted with Sleepy (I'm guessing that's his name because 5 min later a dude ran into the store, didn't see anyone behind the counter, emphatically screamed "YO, SLEEPY!!!" then ran out without waiting for a reply). We found out that Sleepy is a New Orleans native who actually DRIVES BACK to New Orleans once a week to buy fresh bread to make his sandwiches with...what a hero (bahhaa...get it?). Po boys range in price from $8-10 with the roast beef & gravy, fried shrimp, or fried fish being favorites at Sleepy's. Combos come with fries and a drink, platters with toast, fries, and a side salad.We sat down to wait while keeping an eye on my car that was parked outside (lots of people around this hour seem to gather in this particular strip mall...unsure of if this random spot is popular for the poboys, but prob not). Waited about 10-15 min to get our food with one other person ahead of me in line. The only decor in this place was an old calendar of our nation's First Family and two paintings of fleur de lis. Classy.Our shrimp po-boy was one of the best I've ever had. First off, it's MASSIVE, definitely enough for 2 smaller persons to share (eg: two girls or maybe two not-so-hungry dudes). Tons and tons of giant, crispy, well-seasoned fried shrimp are stuffed between soft, chewy bread sprinkled with parsley and finished with some kind of garlic salt. Every poboy comes dressed with tomatoes, lettuce, pickles, and mayo. It was the perfect late night snack and I'm gonna crave it for weeks to come...can't wait to try their sides (gumbo, boudin balls, beans and rice) and will def come back for more!
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2014,10/17/2014,139,93,4,10,10>For over a year I've been wanting to try a kronut but there's only two places in Houston that make it and each place is nearly an hour away from me. I woke up this morning and had it on my mind so decided to jump on Yelp to see if there is a place nearby. To my excitement there is but after I got there I was truly disappointed. My husband knows I have a sweet tooth so he asked if there was another place I know of and I told him about Grove Donutz but it's almost an hour away. He says, "road trip!" and away we went!It was packed as we walked into the store with only 30 minutes until close and people were sitting around enjoying their delicacies and others waiting for their order. It wasn't too packed to where you felt stifled. I like the fact that you can call and reserve your kronuts so that you're not making the drive for not. With 24 kronut flavors to choose from and made to order I was as giddy as a kid in a candy store!! I chose the Funky Monkey, Strawberry Cheesecake, and Creme Brûlée and sat patiently for them to come out. With knife and fork in hand I but into the kronut and delicately placed it in my mouth. With eyes closed I savored the first bite of the chocolate, caramel, and freshly sliced bananas - perfectly fried and warm!This place is not your typical donut store -  a plethora of creative donuts to choose from and fast service. I HIGHLY recommend trying it at least once and making the drive!!
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2014,10/16/2014,120,44,12,17,8>Wow. This place has definitely impressed me. As a customer I come back for two reasons, the product that I am buying is worth my money and if I feel like a valued customer. Glazed has done just that. The first time that I came here I was just one day short of their grand opening. I was very excited about the idea of a 24hr donut shop and apparently I wasn't alone on this. When I walked through the door there was already a long line but I came in knowing that I was going to have to wait. It was a Sunday afternoon after all. I ordered two donuts and some coffee and wasn't happy about my experience. As any yelper, I let my voice be heard in the form of a passive aggressive review of the place judging harshly like I always do. The owner quickly caught wind of my review and contacted me directly.The next thing that he offered really shocked me. I have never known a business to go out of its way to make one customer a happy customer. There was plenty of business, why should he care about how one person feels about this place. Obviously, you can't impress everyone, right? Well owner Edose's goal seems to be just that. He told me that none of his customers should have a bad experience at his place. He personally had donuts deliver to my door as an apology. I haven't had a business EVER do this for me. Now for the cynics out there thinking this isn't a big deal I should tell you what area I am from. CYPRESS. You know the place out in the BFE, lost to civilization and basically in the middle of nowhere. If I found that out I would have told the customer to come and pick up their free donuts. But not Glazed, they did it without hesitation and scheduled a time of delivery at my convenience. I told them 2pm and the guy arrived at 2pm. I'm impressed.Now on to the actual evaluation of the product itself, I received 6 donuts (3 maple bacon, 3 glazed). I had also got one of the bottled Vietnamese Iced coffees. The ice coffee was excellent. It wasn't overpowering in sweetness. It was just the right about of sweetener and the coffee flavor was strong but not bitter. I'm all about coffee too, and I find myself to be a bit of a snob when it comes to it. For bottled iced coffee I would give it a 4 out of 5. The glazed donut was absolutely delicious. It had a nice chewiness that made me so happy. In the past I would get donuts and they would be stale. Not just stale, like dead. And it is so nice and refreshing to know there is a place that can make these donuts the right way. Now one to the money item, the MAPLE BACON DONUT, this donut is obviously a foodies dream. It is out there but the combo makes sense. This donut has to have at least two strips of bacon on it. It lives up to its name and the maple glaze is so good. When you put the two together it just makes heaven in your mouth. I wish I could have one for breakfast every single day. But I like looking somewhat fit so sad to say I can't. But if I could I would.Final evaluation, if you want to go to a place that has a good product come here. The donuts here are excellent and it's the only 24hr donut shop that I have heard of. It's perfect for after the bars or you need some sort of comfort food late at night. But more importantly, come to Glazed because you will be treated as a VIP every time. This place cares about your experience. They want to make you happy and that is a charm that most businesses have lost over the years. I will definitely be making this donut shop my go to place when I go downtown, which is often. The customer service quality is high and so is the food. You can't beat this place. You can't please everyone but this place is making it their goal to try. A+
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2014,10/15/2014,32,80,5,13,10>I hate going to the dentist! Knowing that I would never make an appointment for myself, my boyfriend made one for me and dragged me here. Surprisingly, my visit was actually fun. The facility is so nice inside! I was really impressed with all the technology here. There are TVs in each room and there's even one on the ceiling to watch as they work on you! Dr Hoang was awesome and made me feel really comfortable as he made small talk and tried to get to know me. He was very informative, answered all my questions, and offered any help he could give me. As he talked about my teeth he even took pictures inside of my mouth and showed them to me on the screen so I was able to see what he sees. Dr Hoang really takes the time to talk to you so you understand everything he is going to do. The staff is super friendly and helpful as well. I highly recommend Smile 4 Texas Dental to anyone looking for a great dentist. I am happy to have found my new dentist!
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,10/14/2014,152,105,8,19,15>A few weeks ago I found three baby birds in the bushes in front of my house. Although I didn't see a nest around, I knew I shouldn't touch them just in case the mother was going to come back. The next day when I checked on them they were barely breathing and face down in the mulch. I looked more thoroughly for a nest and figured that if there was one, they had fallen out of it and the mother was nowhere to be seen. I found the number for the Wildlife Center of Texas and they instructed me on how to proceed. They told me to CAREFULLY pick up the birds and put them in a shoe box along with some warm rice in a sock to keep their temperature up. I poked some holes in the top of the box and headed to the Wildlife Center. When I got there, they identified the birds as Starlings and told me that if I wanted, I could check up on them in a week via email. The office itself houses three 'education birds' who are not well enough to fly, and thus would not survive in the wild, and so they live at the Wildlife Center. I'm glad that there are places like this in operation so I give them a full 5 stars.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2014,10/13/2014,251,713,13,12,13>So, I've reached a point in my life where I'll pay a few extra bucks to not have to fight traffic just to get my eyebrows shaped.  It's not much more than the ladies at Aisha's on Hillcroft charge, and with Vaishali I know I'm going to consistently have the same style eyebrows visit after visit.  Also, the style will be flattering to my face.  I think once the Hillcroft ladies left me looking surprised for a few weeks.  Le sigh.The drawback is you need to call to make an appointment.  Sometimes they can fit you in when you want to arrive, but sometimes you have to book the next week or Friday afternoon/evening*.  The one benefit of perhaps accidentally looking surprised for three weeks after driving outside and then back inside the loop is you can saunter into Aisha's whenever you get there.  There's just no guarantee, though, that you won't wait for ten to twenty minutes.  With an appointment at Vaishali's you usually don't have to wait more than five minutes.*Friday evening isn't so bad if you're going to be sitting in a very dark bar with drunkies or sitting at home marathoning Doctor Who.  However, if you're stepping out for the evening, red puffy eyebrows and upper lips aren't hip at the mo.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2014,10/12/2014,189,289,9,11,8>The first time I stepped foot into Carter & Cooley, I thought to myself that this was a different kind of a sandwich shop. Everything in here feels so old-school in a homey kind of way. I haven't seen a long line yet and your sandwich is ready within minutes.The concept here is pretty simple. You walk up to the counter and place your order, they give you a piece of paper with your order and your name on it, you take it to the cashier and you pay.Every sandwich that you order comes with your choice of potato salad or a bag of chips, and a pickle spear. I always opt for the potato salad because the potato salad is super good.  The first sandwich that I had here was the Parmesan chicken sandwich. Simple, but oh so good.  I had also tried the grilled chicken sandwich smothered with some swiss cheese. Kind of healthy, but not in a boring subway kind of way.As for desserts, the only thing that I have tried is the turtle brownie and it was solid. Rich and filling. Yum! Now they just need to put them brownies in a microwave and put some ice cream on it to make it a la mode. Now, that would be awesome!Now let's talk about the people that work here. There's a bearded man whom I assume is the owner. He's very nice and he asks everybody how their day is. There's also a younger gentleman. Not sure if he's the son of the owner, or if he just works there. But the second time I ever came in here and as I about to pay, he said to me, "Hi Belly, how's your day so far?" Well, my name WAS written on the order sheet so I wasn't surprised that he knew my name. What did surprise me was when he proceeded to say, "thank you for uploading the pictures on Yelp!" Whoa! Hold the phone! What?! I hadn't even written a review yet and this was only my 2nd time in the shop and he knew who I was. Yeah, at this point, I was kind of impressed (Don't worry, I didn't get a free meal or anything before writing this review.)The only thing that I don't like about coming here is the parking situation. You have to find parking on the street. I have never tried coming here smack in the middle of lunch hour, but I'm going to guess that parking would be a total pain in the butt.If you work in the Heights are and looking for something good and quick, try this place out. Their huge selections of sandwiches, soups, desserts will guarantee that you'll find something that you like.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,10/11/2014,173,170,11,11,10>Met up w/ some friends here on a Sunday mid afternoon to hang out. It was Memorial Day weekend so there were plenty of folks there, but not so crowded you couldn't enjoy yourself. Love the decor inside & the ladies room is set up nicely. I like that it's 2 levels.You may think the RR isn't a big deal, but when you've had a couple, the last thing you want be concerned w/ is catching friggin eboli from the ladies room!Love the patio out front & it's obviously where the party crew hangs. The outdoor set up on the opposite end is better for sitting & chatting w/ friends since you won't be right where the speakers are set up.The DJ was good & kept the crowd moving. Bartenders were really nice as were waitresses. Those blackberry mimosas were delish!! I'd come back for these alone. Also had the fries & they were fine. Had an alright time my 1st time around. Oh before I forget....GPSA: sooo they have the water mister thingies set up on the patio. These are great for our horrid H-Town summer days & help keep you cooled off. But for ladies dawning ethnic hair this is like freakin Armageddon!!!  Be prepared ladies, be prepared!!!  ;-)
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,10/10/2014,5000,141,10,19,16>Some of the best tacos I have had in a long time it's my new go 2  spot for some fresh tacos.I love the fact that Titas is family owned and operated and it's awesome to see a family together and run a business not to many of those these days.Titas is not a modern sleek spot it's bit old but don't judge a book by its cover, the food inside is really amazing I don't know how else to describe it but you would have to come on in and try for yourself. I have been in here a few times for breakfast and lunch does not matter the time it's always packed and people coming in and out.I come in and I'm greeted by the staff they make you feel welcome which is always a good thing, if your not to sure of what they have in there buffet style to choose from, The staff can help you on that. There is over 15 styles of meats, potatoes, chiles to choose from to put in your taco and the flour and corn tortillas are freshly made you can not get any better then that. I like my tacos with the bean (frijoles) spread that they offer it's soooo good!!! They have agua fresca (fresh juices) that they make on site like watermelon, pineapple, lime etc. it's awesome, if your not in the mood for that they also have Mexican coca cola, jarritos, or fresh coffee.The tacos are 2$ each that's a steal being that there soooo good. I will continue to come here... 5 stars for Titas
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,10/9/2014,97,190,7,10,9>Why can't I just live here? I'd be happy getting fat on bo lu lac, and having a dedicated IV drip of their excellent selection of beers on tap.  That sounds divine frankly. A real gem tucked away on the northwest side of the Heights (lazybrook to be more specific). Was greeted kindly at the door, a very affable guy gave us a beer list in under 5 seconds flat and was super attentive.  And by golly the beer he recommended was freaking awesome and I'm not one to lavish superlatives, but it was excellent and at a mere $2 a pint  a real bargain. Food's made in house (everything). Vegetables are grown by one of the owner's grandparents -- and it shows they are first rate. Spring rolls are probably some of the best I've had, and while I'm a dyed in the wool Van Loc fan Hughie's bo lu lac is easily the best I've had. Their bahn mi's are on some fantastic bread, stuffed to the gills with meat and vegetables (not the sloppily cut slopped on mess you'll get at Givral's which I do like too). They exhibit a lot of care and concern when it comes to their food and it really shows in the quality, and flavor. Spoke with one of the ownership team there and he was a real gentleman, even discussed which fish sauce they prefer, how much effort goes into their food and beverages, and beyond just being  a good guy you could tell he clearly cares about his restaurant and the quality. This place is severely underrated but won't be for long, as good as their food is it's only a matter of time before they're packed with suburbanites. Great food, great beer/bar, and truly great people. Cannot recommend them any more than that, they've earned their five stars.  Keep up the good work guys, see you for a filet mignon chicken fried steak soon!
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,10/8/2014,103,143,3,12,4>I came here based on the review of Adam S. After entering the door I was met by a associate named Erica. And after asking me was this my first visit, she gave me a menu to review. She also took the time to explain their process for ordering and receiving your food. I told her this reminds me of another place that I eat and she told me we are better! One of the differences is that this place brings your food out to you the other you have to go to the counter to pick it up, so she was right about that.  Once you place your order at the counter you are given a  number to display on a stand on your table. I was shown where to get my drink and there is another table where there are different condiments where I saw  breadsticks, pickles, hot sauce and ketchup etc. Within a short period of time i was brought my order freshly prepared. I had a spicy chicken pizza on a thin crust and a four cheese mac and cheese with the Splenda Ice tea. The pizza was very good but probably enough for two people and the mac and cheese was delicious. The cheese was melted just right without a crust on the macaroni. Before I was about to leave the associate Erica came by my table to ask if every thing was satisfactory. I told her it was and that they had met my expectations. I also told her I will bring a few co workers back next week to eat. They always seem to let me be the guinea pig to check out a new place before they go.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,10/7/2014,196,246,6,9,6>The One Where You Need to Attend Their Soft Opening and Receive a 15% Discount While You Still Can!Our dinner club ventured over here a few Tuesdays ago for Gyu-Kaku's soft opening.  For a group of 11, we waited a good hour for a table and not because there weren't any table available.  It was the "short" staff and the fact that it was their soft opening.  If you come here and expect sushi because the word "Japanese" is written up there then go home already.  This place is all about BBQ!  The style is similar to Korean BBQ where you grill/cook your own protein, but what's cute (yes, cute) about this joint is how they also have desserts for you to roast.  Yes, s'mores would be one of them ;)  I shared basically their meat-lovers package with one of my girlfriends.  OMG... there were so many different types of meat that were served, I've forgotten what was what.  However, I can tell you that it was well worth $50 for the two of us and the seasoning/sauces they used were very tasty.  It did not all tastes the same and we had: short-ribs, ribeye, filet mignon, sirloin, and lots of other meats that I don't remember.  The server will come over and change out the top layer of the grill to prevent the meat from sticking to the grill.  Service was pretty good for a soft-opening and the servers were very attentive for a party our size.  Overall, a great place to eat if you want to hang around midtown area.Parking is not so awesome.  I was able to find street parking, but seriously, don't expect to park in that tiny parking lot.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,10/6/2014,76,310,6,9,7>This part of Houston is running out of great little dive bars like Griff's. Midtown fru fru clubs and mixology places are taking over the Montrose! But Griff's is still here in all it's cluttered, wall stickered, sports on TV, cheap beer, regulars at the bar, uneven floor, classic rock on the jukebox glory!Smoking allowed on the patio out front, Your basic bar grub served all day and all night. Wings, nachos, big ol' burgers, even a veggie burger, chicken tenders and your basic salads. It ain't bad food. But remember a few cold beers and a shot of Jameson will make it better!Happy hour Monday through Fri from 3 to 7. $2 beers or $1 off your imports or call liquor. Parking can be iffy. Park only on the South side of the bar in the lot or on the street.If you are looking for some fancy cocktail made with 100 different ingredients and a $15 price tag go to Midtown or one of the new bars that have taken over the Montrose. if you want a beer and a shot and some interesting people to start a conversation with - come here!This middle aged gal likes that the music on the jukebox never got too loud to chat and the bathroom was clean and bright.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,10/5/2014,71,64,9,14,10>Fresh Market, how I love thee! I'm so ecstatic that Fresh Market opened a new location in the 'burbs. This is exactly what the Bay Area needed and I for one am welcoming them with open arms (I don't care what hipsters they may bring, dangit!). At the entrance, they have their weekly specials listed complete with pricing. Once you walk-in you can admire the layout: fresh produce and flowers to the right; deli, butcher block, and bakery in the center; and spirits and packaged items to the left (canned goods, bath salts, lotions, vitamins, etc). As far as décor, it is very reminiscent of a French market / café. All of the produce is fresh, attractive, and reasonably priced. As for the meats and seafood, oh my gravy! Beautiful cuts, great selection, and friendly and knowledgeable folks that can answer your questions. I purchased 2 lbs of Italian sausage and it was to die for; minimal grease when cooking and seasoned excellently.  As I made my way to the bakery I wanted to do a happy dance. Along with bath time essentials, bread and baked goodies are my weakness. Their coconut-pineapple bread is heavenly. It's so moist, flavorful, and perfectly balanced. The pieces of fruit give it a great texture. Their zucchini bread is also delicious and I would definitely recommend it. As for the deli, there's so much to choose from. Want pizza? They have it, from Margherita to fully loaded. They carry a pie for everyone. Chicken? Pick your poison, fried, rotisserie, and WINGS, yes, please! In the mood for salad? You'll be in a berry and green field heaven, my friend. Have fun choosing!  I have to mention I picked up a great bottle of wine and I'm ready for more. I can't wait to come back and try my hand at some more Fresh goodies. This might just be what I need to stay away from Whole Foods for a while.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,10/4/2014,232,157,8,24,15>yo-you-got-the-juice-now-man-like-this-post-if-you-know-that-reference-lolsestan-juicery-definitely-deserves-the-respect-and-street-creditability-because-they-succeed-where-those-have-failed-it-is-no-secret-that-juicing-can-be-costly-at-sestan-each-drink-is-minimum-16-ounces-which-is-significantly-more-juice-than-big-juicy-and-flow-hence-more-bang-for-your-buck-questions-do-they-used-more-water-based-veggies-like-cucumbers-and-celery-to-meet-the-16-ouncesgood-question-and-no-using-more-water-based-veggies-will-only-take-away-from-the-flavor-of-any-juice-sestan-uses-about-four-4-different-high-end-machines-to-maximize-the-amount-of-juice-extracted-from-each-ingredient-they-also-serve-your-drink-chilled-that-is-a-huge-plus-being-that-no-juice-bar-is-currently-doing-this-for-here-you-will-receive-your-juice-in-a-chilled-mason-mugs-to-go-you-will-receive-a-chilled-glass-bottle-which-you-keep-and-can-apply-towards-your-next-drink-for-1-off-chilled-juice-has-a-significant-impact-on-the-flavor-and-its-perfect-during-these-dogs-days-of-summer-the-owner-is-a-uh-hospitality-major-so-he-understands-the-importance-of-great-customer-service-simple-touches-like-encasing-each-juicer-in-soundproof-case-to-eliminate-the-sound-of-that-gut-wrenching-churrrrrnnnnnnn-so-customers-can-converse-without-interruptionis-a-plus-sestan-verb-strengthen-or-support-physically-or-mentally-your-juice-holds-true-to-your-definition-they-just-opened-but-are-off-to-a-great-start-keep-up-the-great-work
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2014,10/3/2014,109,483,10,11,11>Cheese cheese more cheese and FREE CHEESE TASTING. Yesssss. This place is a cheese lovers dream come true.Once you get past the sketch area and the awful AWFUL smell upon entering this establishment it is quite nice. Yes it stinks. Bad like a mixture of something dead rotting and feet. Since they do have tons of nice stinky cheeses in a real old house I guess that is to be expected. They sell other items too like butter, Slow Dough breads, wine, nuts and specialty jams. If you are looking for a raw milk cheese this is totally where you need to be. They aren't wildly expensive and you can purchase by the 1/4th pound. I don't do a ton of dairy but if I want cheese this is pretty much where I will be coming from now on.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,10/2/2014,251,161,15,17,18>"You don't like, you don't pay!!"Says the older man behind the counter as we tried to hand him money after ordering. Lunch should be a cheap flavor exploration in your immediate area, tantalizing your taste buds and filling you up to bare the rest of the work day.  I've had this bookmarked for months to check out during a break and today the regular burger place just didn't fit the bill.When your GPS tells you to go down Artesian Plaza Dr, you will zoom in and zoom out a couple times to figure out if it still taking you within the Humble limits. Artesian Plaza Dr is right across from HAAM, Triggs and next to the pawn shop on old 1960 (1st st.), for you more seasoned area goers. They offer a quite variable selection of Latin foods. Tacos, empanadas, papusas, combo plates and be sure to add some plantains with any dish. The lunch portions are a healthy amount and very filling. You will leave a clean plate behind and clutching your belly from how quickly you just stuffed your face. I can highly recommend the cuban sandwhich. It is pulled pork, charred, with pickles, white cheese and house sauce. Throw a little bit of their garlic cream sauce and some salsa verde and you are in heaven, my friend.As my lunch companion and I rocked slowly back from the nearly licked clean plates before us, the man behind the counter pointed and said with a grin, "Ok, You Pay!"
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2014,10/1/2014,210,276,7,7,7>I have 3 daughters. The last thing I want to do is teach them to drive. I am so glad to find someone else to deal with that stress. The price is fair and they start the kids off with class room training and get them set up for a learners permit. After multiple classes and when they have their permits you move on to actual driving. The best part is they take them into all types of situations, freeways, country roads, city driving ect. They get 7 hrs of driving and 7 hrs observing another student driving. Of course I have to do an additional 30 hours driving with my kids but by then Street smart has them trained to handle most situations. The staff is friendly and they walk you through the process well to get your kids behind the wheel.  Save yourself some stress and use this service.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,9/30/2014,31,31,9,14,9>This place is on 249 off the side. If you notice you'll see a line outside of a taco stand and that's what this is!!! They specialize in trompo which tastes so delicious!!! You've got to get it.The meat is spun on a wheel and cooked slowly while a pineapple is juicing it from the top onto the meat.. SO DELICIOUS. The AWESOME thing about it that it's $1/taco which is super cool. Hit this place up! The service is also fast.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,9/29/2014,264,208,8,10,7>If you want to hang with your friends and enjoy a wide selection of tasty beers as well as delicious unusual grilled sausages that are consistently succulent, I highly recommend MTI.  This place is a gem!  Essentially it is a big backyard with a very interesting split cargo container that houses their kegs and the grill.  The bathrooms are around the corner.  Moon Tower Inn is spacious and offbeat.  The food is better than at 99% of icehouses in/around Houston.  The beers and grilled offerings are also very reasonably priced.  My one (and only real) gripe is that I always seem to go when there are only a handful of other people there.  So it feels semi-deserted or sadly sparse, which is a bummer since MTI is a great spot for some delightful day drinking or post-work libations if you happen to find yourself reading this amidst the "human anthill" that is downtown H-town.###Si quieres juntar con tus cuates y disfrutar cervezas artesanales con salchichas inusuales cuales son siempre jugosos, te recomiendo Moon Tower Inn.  Este local es excelente!Es un terreno amplio construído de un contenedor cortado en dos mitades, donde se guardan la cocina y los barriles de cerveza.  Los baños son allá.  Moon Tower Inn es amplio y de moda.  La comida es mejor que 99% de los locales (Icehouses) en Houston.  Los precios de las cervezas y salchichas/hamburguesas de la parilla son razonables.  Siempre voy cuando no hay mucha gente.  Se ponen películas (revisa su pagina de Facebook) y tienen ofertas cuando vienen nuevos barriles.  MTI es un lugar ideal para disfrutar cervezas después la chamba si lo encuentras por este lado del "hormiguero humano" que es el centro de Houston.^^^Falls du deine Kumpels treffen willst, um eine Auswahl von leckeren Bieren und auch außergewöhnliche Bratwürste, empfehle ich Moon Tower Inn!  Diese Lokal ist toll!  Es ist ein Acker, wo sie einen Container verteilt haben.  Dadrin steht die Küche und die Bierfässer.  Die WC befinden sich auch um die Ecke innerhalb der Gebäude.  Moon Tower Inn ist gemütlich.  Das Essen ist besser als die überwiegende Mehrheit anderer Biergärten von Houston.  Die Bierauswahl und Bratwürste sind auch relativ günstig.  Leider bin ich immer dahin gegangen, wann kaum jemand vorhanden ist.  Moon Tower Inn ist toll für ein Bier nach der Arbeit mit Kollegen in dem Ameisenhaufen von Menschen.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,9/28/2014,134,195,9,6,8>So here's the deal.  I went here alone.  And pigged out.  In a corner of my own shame and deliciousness.I had the following: Big Byrd bao, peking duck bao, yummy fries.  Oh, and then I went back and got a nutella and banana bao because why the eff not.  Let me just say, that all the compliments about Fat Bao's fries are totally warranted.  The yummy fries are like... tossed in a delicious parmesan cheese sauce so that ever little corner of the fries are covered in the tasty stuff.  And yet, they stay relatively crisp.I think I preferred the Big Byrd to the peking duck as it had the edge on flavor.  I added a bit of sriracha to it and that made the Big Byrd stellar.  And the stupid (stupid because what the hell am I doing eating this much?!) nutella and banana bao was so perfectly gooey and good.Not least, the service here is great.  The two guys behind the register were both funny and super nice and you can tell they love their food and what they're doing.  And I saw them dole out a complementary dessert bao to a dad with his cute brood.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,9/27/2014,171,193,6,8,8>Thought we'd venture out and try a new neighborhood place after Josh's little league game this past weekend. Pretty good! We tried the chicken tikka masala, the tandoori sampler plate with shrimp, chicken, lamb and fish and the garlic naan.We decided to stick with a spicy level of flavor vs the Indian Spicy...shoulda gone with Indian Spicy!  No sweat, no runny nose, nuthin :PChicken tikka masala was very flavorful, but the sauce was a bit on the sweet side for me.  Paired with the naan and basmati rice, it was yummy!We decided on the sampler because we wanted to try a little of everything AND we were famished!  The shrimp was sooo delicious! The lamb was second best. The chicken was ok and we would totally skip the fish next time...it was a bit fishy :/The garlic naan was simply ahhhmazing! So garlicky! So fresh! We would totally come back!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,9/26/2014,80,98,9,11,7>Lunch buffet going from 6.99 to 8.99 and 8.99 to 9.99 (weekends) after April 15thI've dined here twice and the food is consistent. The Lunch buffet doesn't seem to change. I on average eat about 5 plates worth of food (I gotta stop dining at buffets) The set up is 12 varieties (assortment of appetizers, 4 types of curry, Tandori Chicken, Naan (regular and garlic always hot and fluffy), 2 types of rice, and some spreads) and a salad/condiment/fruit bar/rice pudding bar. My favorite things are the: Tandori Chicken (best thing there), 3 types of curries with (fish/chicken masala/chicken tikka in that order haha), Garlic Naan, I like that doughy fried ginger/honey ball with the rice pudding its delicious, and  the fruits are the best way to end it all off.I'll be sad on April 15th with the $2 price bump, but I'll still frequent this joint.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,9/25/2014,21,130,5,15,9>FINALLY! A nail salon that gets it!!Are you looking for a nail salon that caters to its clients and values customer service? What about a place that is super clean and very friendly? Do you like an extremely relaxing environment without tacky decor and TV's? You do???? Me too! Tucked away in a quiet shopping center off I-10 & Hwy 6 you will find your "forever home" to get pampered. No snarky receptionist like the one you will most definitely encounter at Bora Bora Nail Salon. No unsterilized equipment that will give your toenails infections. No technicians that banter to each other in a foreign language. No rushed appointments or jacked up prices. Just pure relaxation & bliss. In addition to delivering a kick-ass mani/pedi the massage therapist that is staffed at My Spa (Juan? I think, thats his name)....... holy-moly!!! Usually I think nail salons need to stick to what they do best (nails) and not dabble in other ventures. But let me tell you, this guy knows his stuff. I got the 10 minute add on massage and I'm planning on going back this week to get an hour long one. Yep, that good.A couple of small details: the chairs do not massage. It's okay though because they're really pretty to look at and super comfy. Also, they don't soak your cuticles before the manicure.....I found that to be quite odd.My Spa Lounge also carries my favorite brand of facial cleanser (Dermalogica) and they offer complimentary beverages (naturally) with their services. It only took 4 years but I finally found a nail place I love in Houston.Please don't ever change My Spa Lounge and you'll have a life long customer.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,9/24/2014,114,203,6,8,6>So I went opening day and I was not exactly happy with my experience.  I since have been back around 5 times & I absolutely love it!  I have only gotten the Kebap with either the beef/lamb or the chicken & both are delicious.  I always choose the house with the red spicy dressing.  The meat is extremely flavorful and is extremely moist.  They offer Coke products on tap & they have Coke Zero, so that is a big + for me.  The decor is minimalist, but functional for its purpose.  They are also big on recycling, so that is a positive.  For a quick bite to eat, this is an excellent choice!
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2014,9/23/2014,47,114,9,12,9>Another great Houston BBQ scene find, this one is definitely worth the stop.  On Old Spanish Trail just south of the UH campus, adjacent to MacGregor park, and also in an odd location (gas station type arrangement).  Ray himself leads the cooking effort and is easy to spot working hard.In my two visits, I got a brisket sandwich which was pretty good, and Chicago Style Rib tips, which was excellent.  On the second visit, I also ordered a pound of brisket to go, and by itself (or with sauce), the flavor was better than I remember on the sandwich.  Very very tender which shows the quality.Their potato salad is unique, but not necessarily my favorite (or to my palate).  I order it again, so it's not like it's bad.  I also like the beans better than most BBQ places I order.At first, I was neutral on the atmosphere, but it's grown on me.  BBQ places usually center on their food, it's not a place to come for fancy dining rooms or decorations.  Parking is tight, but I was able to park in a field adjacent to the store (with several other cars).  Very friendly counter and staff.  Nice place to sit and either wait for your take out, or watch TV and wait for your food.  Small dining room, but not that hard to get a table (many folks go for take out).  A few sports memorabilia displays are about (added a photo as such).The first visit, there seemed to be an uncharacteristically long wait  The second (with about as many people), the wait was nothing (under 10 mins).  I'm going to think the latter is the normal and the first day (a Memorial Day) was the exception.Very friendly dining room staff, the tables were cleaned immediately, he cleared the table when you were finished, etc.  It was a nice touch.  Overall you felt like you were at your friends restaurant and it came naturally.After the first visit, I only gave 3-stars, but after my meal today, all I could think of was "I need to work this into my rotation more".  It's location isn't close to me, but on the way to downtown, and I'm thinking I'm willing to divert off the road 10 minutes to get it.  So it must be at least 4-stars.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,9/22/2014,19,77,26,10,8>After the recent rains, I was dismayed to find out that the Houston Cockroach Association decided to hold their annual convention in my house. I called BUGCO to put a premature end to their nonstop party. Tito showed up on time and proceeded to reenact the final scene from "Starship Troopers"...the one where wave after wave of bugs attempt to overpower him while he blasts away. The body count of roaches was truly impressive and there wasn't a single one left alive after he was done with them. Highly recommended.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,9/21/2014,117,62,2,10,9>This place is kinda difficult to find but worth the search if you like authentic West Indian cuisine!  You order at the counter and then also pick up your food from the other side of the counter.  They have a variety of native drinks to choose from; I was hoping to try out the moss drink but was sadly unavailable.  Instead we got the solo champagne (the red one) which was like diabetes in a bottle-it was pretty much like drinking liquid bubble gum, however bottled water is available for purchase!  Oh, I will warn, a beverage is a must especially if you are eating their spicy sauce, which has a super nice kick or you can opt for their sweet tamarind sauce (both these sauces compliment the roti/double/any starch).Double Double: heavily seasoned chickpeas stuck between two layers of deliciously fried dough.  Eat this before it gets soggy!For entrees we got the oxtail with the roti and the goat with the fried rice, salad, and plantains.Oxtail was quite tender, smothered in a sweet/savory brown sauce, side of curried potatoes which were well cooked-not too mushy/hard, and the roti was definitely worth skipping the fried rice/salad/plantains.  I liked how their roti had a sweet cornmeal type filling, such a great combination with any entree!  The curried goat was more on the savory side and had a sediment mouth feel, I guess the combination of the curry/spices/seasonings/and pieces of bones (yes, watch out for these)!  However, I would say the goat was quite tender and the side of tamarind sauce helped enhance the flavor profile.  Next time, I would probably just stick with the double double and oxtail and roti.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,9/20/2014,44,100,4,9,7>Wanna grab some coffee or a cocktail? One friend says coffee, the other says cocktail.  Find a place that serves both, and everyone's happy -- especially when quality of one doesn't sacrifice the quality of the other. Enter Double Trouble: absolutely the best bar I've found so far for a cozy catch up with friends or a quirky fun date, provided you go for all things hipster.The decor is sophisticated tiki, the ambience quiet and relaxed, the bartenders friendly. It's in a hip part of town surrounded by other cool places, and right off the train, so naturally the crowd looks like they waltzed right off a street style tumblr.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2014,9/19/2014,258,154,5,9,15>Yummy Kitchen has been added to my rotation of lunch spots when I want to venture to Chinatown. If you come in and sit down, you'll be waiting forever since you order at the counter and then grab your utensils/water. They usually have two complimentary soups that you can slurp on before your meal arrives. Dishes I consistently get:- Pork belly buns: you have to try these at least once! I believe it's 2 for $4- Ground pork over rice with egg (taiwanese menu): it's more minced pork w/ mustard greens + egg. - Black pepper sauce chicken: you can also get this with steak or pork and it comes with an egg over your choice of rice or noodles. I can easily split this into two meals.- Green onion pancake: not overly greasy and it isn't all batter, show me the onions!Everything on the menu is less than $10 and comes with more than enough food to leave you satisfied.Note: $10 minimum on credit card
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,9/18/2014,162,230,7,13,10>Normally, when it comes to special occasions, I'm a wine 'n dine type of gal. White tablecloths, wine glasses, candlelit tabletops - the whole nine yards. But for me and my fiancé's 6th year anniversary a few weeks back, we decided to dress it down and go back to one of our relationship's oldest roots: our mutual love of sake, sushi, and all things Japanese.Izakaya Wa is located in a repurposed house, hidden away between some small shopping strips. There's plenty of parking and a large covered patio area, but the interior is small and kind of cramped. The best seats in the house (literally) would be the sushi bar or the 2-top tables against the window overlooking their rock garden, where we were sat. The restaurant's vibe is laid-back and casual; a perfect place to unwind after a day of work. Just ask that table of loud, laughing, red-faced Japanese businessmen over there!Izakaya Wa has a HUGE menu: beer and sake galore, tapas, sushi/sashimi, rolls, panko-fried skewers, grilled skewers, even desserts. We really enjoyed the tapas and sushi, while the skewers were just average.+ TAKO WASABI: interesting enough, but don't be a hero. Stay away if wasabi ain't your thing. My poor fiancé was crying, lol. Portion is very small, which is probably a good thing.+ CARPACCIO: your choice of salmon, hamachi, or pepper tuna. We went for the salmon and it was melt-in-your-mouth wonderful.+ AGEDASHI TOFU: the added mozzarella sounds appealing, but it makes this delicate dish a little heavy. Ultimately, I wasn't a fan.+ NIGIRI: we tried pieces of hamachi, salmon, snow crab, spicy chopped scallop, uni, unagi - everything was fresh and amazing. I expected nothing less from Chef Akira-san!+ BELT 8 ROLL: do they mean "Beltway 8"? haha, gotta love Engrish. This roll was all right, nothing spectacular. + GRILLED EGGPLANT: tasted great, but I would've liked more sauce.+ TONTORO/PORK BELLY: fatty, oily, juicy pork belly - what's not to love??+ TSUKUNE/GROUND CHICKEN: served with raw egg yolk for dipping. Sounds bizarre, but it tastes a lot better when they're put together. The skewer as a whole, however, is pretty plain.+ SALMON ONIGIRI: they come in half-sizes! Kawaii~!+ GREEN TEA CHEESECAKE: oh mann, there's nothing I love more than a Japanese restaurant that goes beyond the typical ice cream tempura! So over it. This cheesecake, found on their "Specials" menu, is served with vanilla ice cream and is a good ending to a good meal.On the flip side, service was a little off - waters weren't refilled, dishes weren't picked up. Cramped restaurant, cramped table... I swear I started to feel claustrophobic. But we enjoyed our anniversary dinner none the less. Sushi, sake, and my very best friend in the world = successful night!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,9/17/2014,275,269,10,14,9>I currently have a lot of love for this place now that I know I can get my fix for hockey games that aren't on public television. This is what happens when you no longer pay for cable, you have to go in search of bars that do have it and you pay them for alcohol and food instead. It's all things Canadian with the décor inside, but don't be fooled, this is still an American run bar with plenty of Texans that occupy the seats. Only in Maple Leaf are you likely to rub shoulders with some Canuck's and some local Houstonians at the same time.This is one of the few bars in Houston that actually has their own FREE parking lot. That's right, in case you missed the all caps, I did say free. When the bar is packed, you won't find any parking, so don't worry, there's still plenty of free street parking. Most nights, you'll be able to find a spot in their lot, but don't be upset if you have to back out and park across the street, because it's still free.There's two entrances, one from the parking lot in back, and one in the front of the bar where the street entrance is located. Once inside, it's almost all things Canadian with the décor, but there are still a lot of local memorabilia hanging on the walls and even an old penalty box from when the Houston Aeros were still a team. Look up because you'll see one of the only black stamped tile ceilings in the city. Plenty of places have the aluminum ones, but Maple Leaf is the first place I've seen a black one. The penalty box has been set up as an extra seating area, so if you get a chance, snag the table in the penalty box just to say you've done it.The staff here are not overly friendly or warm with their demeanor, in fact, most of the time I come here, I'm not sure they even care that I'm here. Fortunately the owner Olivia and the hockey games keep me coming back. If the place isn't busy, you may see one of your bartenders come to take orders at tables, but typically you need to go to the bar to order your drinks. There's no specialty cocktails, great wine, or long list of bar bites, this really is a bar. In other words, lots of beer on tap and plenty of mixed drinks, but know what you want before wasting the bartenders time.On occasion, you'll be able to catch a food truck here, but there's no set schedule, so don't plan on eating dinner here regularly. They do offer a few bar bites like a standard hot dog, but their real claim to fame is steak night. They actually set up their grill outside and grill huge paper plate sized ribeye steaks. Get here early before the sun goes down to make sure that your steak doesn't accidentally get over cooked; after all, grilling is a daylight thing.The steaks are as good as any I would grill at home, but I didn't have to do any of the work. The huge baked potatoes come with all the trimmings that you can do yourself including fresh cooked and chopped bacon, fresh green onions, shredded cheddar cheese, butter, and sour cream. My mouth is watering just writing about how good the steak night dinner is at Maple Leaf. Get this, it's only $12! That's right folks, not only do you get a great steak and baked potato, but you get it for a super inexpensive price too!Even if hockey isn't your thing, then come for the Canadian beers on tap. If Canadian beer isn't your thing, then come for steak night. If steak isn't your thing, then you're just not American and you need to find another bar. If you want a chill bar with a relaxed and casual atmosphere, then this is your place. No frills, no pretentious attitudes, just good ol' Cheers style atmosphere.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,9/16/2014,131,191,4,17,10>As my boyfriend entered his credit card information and completed our online reservation, he read aloud their cancellation policy: a $75 charge per person in the event of any cancellations.  We looked at each other as if to say "well, I guess there's no going back now!"After a positive experience at their sister restaurant, Provisions, I had been anxious to try The Pass.  Naturally, a meal of this caliber requires a somewhat special occasion, so as an early Valentine's day celebration this year, we decided to finally give it a shot.  Upon entering, all you really see is Provisions, until you're led through a camouflaged door (it reminded me of hidden bookcase doors you see in movies) to The Pass.  The space itself is surprisingly small and intimate, with a great view directly into the kitchen.  I considered ourselves lucky to sit right next to the kitchen, which was a constant source of distraction as I found myself mesmerized by the chefs ongoing methods of food preparation.  After watching them work their magic and repeatedly wondering "what IS that?!", my curiosity kept rising.  My boyfriend and I decided to go with the 8-course tasting menu, but decided against the wine pairing and instead ordered a single bottle of wine to split.  Our server was knowledgeable and very  helpful when it came to picking a wine.  We were torn between two choices, but she poured us sips of each to help us decide.  The reservation website had also suggested leaving at least 2.5 hours to enjoy the dining "experience", so we were prepared for relatively slow service...on purpose.  Unlike our tasting menu experience at Uchi, where food starts coming at you from all different directions and you never know which bite you're tasting and it's gone before you know what hit you, this was much more deliberate.  There was plenty of time between courses- time well spent anticipating the next course and discussing the flavors of the previous.  Questions like "did you taste basil in yours?", "was that a hint of lemon in that bite?", and "was yours slightly sweet towards the end?" kept us guessing throughout the entire meal.  We couldn't ever completely figure out each course.  Each one was a bit of an enigma, but in a good way.  We both agreed that our favorite dish was the mushroom bread- in which every single bite managed to taste completely different.  How did they do this?!  The fun of the experience came from the unknown and completely giving into your taste buds.  It was all the unexpected elements of surprise that make that first bite into an adventure, and not your average dining experience.I had to deduct a star because unfortunately, not every dish was as memorable as the mushroom bread.  There were a few dishes that maybe I just didn't get.  However, with an 8-course tasting menu, you have to expect some misses mixed in with the hits.  Our server also told us that their goal is to change the menu seasonally, which means that our next "experience" could potentially be nothing like what we ate the first time around.  So until the next big occasion or monumental celebration, I'll be patiently awaiting our future meals at The Pass.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,9/15/2014,231,82,15,19,10>Her name is Sammie. When it comes to getting a haircut,  I just don't know what I want. This is why my hair had overgrown to the point where I looked like the little girl in The Ring. Seriously, pics included. There are just too many options!Bangs? No bangs?To thin or not to thin?Layers? Short Layers? Long layers?! Long or... no. I figured this out a long time ago. LONG. (This was the only certainty I had about my hair)I have been enlightened. So sure-- I actually do get haircuts every couples of months. Usually at a very high end salon paying about a minimum of $80, and I have not been satisfied. I have never been back to any of those stylists.I had incredibly long hair and it took her about an hour and a half, but we made it! It was only $20 dollars!! WHAT?!?!?! This is unheard of! Sammie knew what I wanted before I knew! Just like Maria from Massage Heights across the street! It's a wonderful thing to live walking distance from an incredible massage therapist and a hairstylist who has the power of telepathy and can bend the space time continuum. Will I go there again? HELL YES!
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,9/14/2014,194,103,5,7,8>Listen up, ladies, for I have found the holy grail of ombre stylists for you. Yes, you. I've already written about how fantastic Victor is when it comes to your no nonsense cut & style. Now let me tell you about his genius as a colorist. It's so good, it had me dusting off my yelp page for the first time in MONTHS to write an update review. I was nervous about getting an ombre coloring since1. I hadn't had my hair colored for over 4 years2. I feared the demarcation lines between colors that I'd seen on some other ombre results (have you seen them? It looks like somebody just flipped a girl on her head and gave her a swirly in bleach. THIS IS A TERRIBLE NO GOOD VERY BAD THING) and3. I was deathly afraid of getting ombre on naturally black hair. I mean, how colorful is he gonna go with this? Am I going to look like a deranged tiger?In the end, friends, I had no reason to worry. This guy knows his ish. Not only did Victor take the time necessary to discuss color options with me (he went through each of my sample photos and told me why one color scheme would work well while another might fade, turn brassy, or look too unnatural). Then he took the time to set up a complex color palette for me. I'm talkin, a table full of tools and 4+ color bowls. He was gonna blend the hell outta this ombre job. No highlights coming out of nowhere, no random tiger strips. He told me by the time he finished, I should not be able to tell where my natural hair color ends and the dye starts. Ombre 101 (he was clearly an honors student). The rest is history. I could not be happier with the ombre coloring I received. Another girl sitting in the salon for a manicure actually saw Victor's work in progress and asked him if he could fix the ombre job she'd gotten at another salon. So go forth, ladies! Tis the season for sunkissed locks!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,9/13/2014,54,429,1,14,7>Okay. I have now been here twice and am upgrading score to a 5. Here's why:After my first experience with this restaurant I went back today for another try. Today I had the shrimp gumbo that comes with 2 pieces of fried catfish for $7.99. The gumbo was very good and with the white rice that came with it was a lot of food. Then on top of that the 2 pieces of catfish which were large were very good too. I asked for some bread to go with the gumbo and they brought me two slices of white bread. My friend ordered 3 pieces of catfish that came with fries and a small salad for $8.99. Also we ordered some chicken fried rice to sample that cost $6.99. The 3 pieces of fish were again large and with the fries were a full meal. Again these people know how to fry seafood. The fried rice was again a large serving and a meal unto itself. Table service was again very good.During our meal, a gentleman sitting behind us ordered one of their steaks. I briefly glanced at it when it was delivered to his table and it looked like the quality of steak that you would find at a nice steakhouse. Upon leaving I asked him about the steak. He had a big smile and said that he couldn't believe how good it was. He was really surprised and by looking at his face I knew he was a happy camper and that I would have to order that steak on a future visit. I believe the menu had the steak at $16.99 with 3 (three sides!)The food here is very good. The prices are low. The service is very good. Come eat here!! You will be glad you did.Addendum: I tried the crawfish étouffée. It was good but different in the sense that instead of a dark roux the sauce was a gold / yellow color. The entree was good and filling just a different color. Also I ordered the fried okra appetizer and the serving was large and good. I would give the étouffée a 3.5 and the okra a 4.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,9/12/2014,67,121,6,16,13>Ever since KUU opened, I've been desperate to try it and there's not a better occasion to do so than one's birthday. I made a reservation last week for a party of 8 and started counting down the days. Even though I was super excited, I was a bit wary of the fact that KUU could just be another restaurant that is overly hyped. Fortunately, last night's dinner was everything it needed to be and better.{ FOOD }+ Kanpaccio: Light, refreshing and positively scrumptious. The orange slices make this dish, you cannot try this without the fruit.+ Tuna Lobster with Lotus Chips: Easily my favorite tapa of all. Do yourself a favor and pile the tuna, lobster meat, a pear slice and a cherry tomato atop a lotus chip and smother it with some guacamole. Heaven.+ Creamy Spicy Popcorn Shrimp: They aren't kidding when they say creamy, but that cream sauce they use *hmm* SO GOOD. I couldn't stop popping these not-so-spicy bad boys into my mouth.+/- Seared Sea Scallop: Perfectly seared and quite juicy, but this dish lacks that extra oomph.- Braised Pork Jowl: The pork jowl just wasn't my cup o' tea. I was excited when we ordered it, but when it came, it just fell flat of expectations. What I did really enjoy, though, was the red wine reduction.+ Chili Prawn: I didn't try this because I'm not a fan of prawns, but those who had one loved it. They said it was tender, juicy, a little spicy but with a kick of twang to it.+ Hot Rock: Yummms, you betcha we loved the akaushi beef! When the servers bring out this dish, they kind of "start" it going for you so you're not helplessly trying to pull off a stuck slice of meat from the rock (I'm talking about you, Uchi). They also mix together a nice lemon dipping sauce, which I thought tasted much better than the ponzu sauce.+ Sake (Salmon) Sashimi: What makes this sashimi different than other restaurants is the yuzu kosho on the salmon, which gives the fish a nice zesty taste.+/- Hamachi (Yellowtail) Sashimi: Cuts were superb, but there's nothing special about this compared to the salmon.+ Butternut Squash Miso Soup: WOW. A miso base mixed with butternut squash to create a delicate in-between-soupy-and-creamy broth. The marshmallow at the bottom of the bowl helps to sweeten up the soup and don't forget about the king crab pieces!+ Crab Bisque: This soup is off the menu, kind of like a soup du jour. The broth reminded me of a gumbo broth rather than a tomato puree (like typical lobster bisque), but it was very tasty and full of crab meat.+ Kuu Roll: This roll was a mixture of what some would say "a little sweet and sour;" it has all the right flavors that will leave you craving for more. This was one of my last dishes of the night, and the roll is very refreshing and light in a way that it almost makes you forget that you just ate half the menu.+ Poseidon Roll: There's something comforting about hot rolls, as they usually just melt in your mouth with goodness and the Poseidon does not disappoint.- Lemon Tart: Took a small bite, too much chocolate; not a fan of chocolate, bye.+ Soy Cheesecake: Creamy, soft, and delicious. Don't let the "soy" fool you; it's still a cheesecake and I thought it tasted better than the normal ones.+ Homemade Ginger Cake: Ours came with vanilla ice cream instead of green tea (apparently, just a temporary change) but it didn't phase me at all. The cake was moist and I could barely taste the ginger! The scoop of ice cream, though, could definitely be bigger.{ DRINKS }+ Kamoizumi KomeKome-Shu Sake: Probably the ONLY sake I could drink all day. It is equivalent to a fine dessert wine as it is deliciously light and sweet with the right amount of fruity.+ Jasmine Apple Martini: Unlike any martinis I've had before, and the best part is that it's so good, I barely notice the alcohol.- Plum Sake: Don't know what it's called, but unless you literally want to drink alcohol infused Robitussin, I would stay away... unless that's your thing, or you just want really strong sake.{ SERVICE }Giovanni was an angel. He was attentive, generous, and just so happy to be there. He made great recommendations, allowed us to try that plum sake, and gave me a free birthday dessert. It's waiters like him that make people want to come back for more. We met the manager, as well, who was extremely nice and dropped by the table a couple of times. He gave us fried eggplant appetizers, on the house, and for someone who hates eggplants, I ate like three of them. I'm not sure if they're on the menu or not, but dear god, I hope so.Overall, outstanding food, service and quality. KUU had a lot to live up to and it far exceeded my expectations.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,9/11/2014,388,27,35,12,12>Being the chronic procrastinator I am, I didn't pick an outfit for a wedding until two days prior. I chose a suit that I bought during my junior year of college. My waistline had expanded since then (lean muscle mass, I'm sure), so I needed the pants let out just a tad bit to accommodate ALL. DEM. GAINS. #BROteinU S Tailors appeared to be the most straightforward, no-frill-iest shop out of the bunch closest to my office in the Med Center. Not accepting credit cards only adds to its street cred.So I pop in, change into my pants and, after a couple tugs at the waistband, the lady knew what adjustments to make. 24 hours and $15 later, I was ready to rock like it was 2010. Needless to say, the bridesmaids didn't stand a chance.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,9/10/2014,113,129,3,8,8>Oh, Mendy! Now I understand all the amazing reviews. I had to tip generously because Mendy, who is the owner/master waxer, made my first Brazillian wax as painless as she possibly could have. She talked me through the experience without overdoing it. She was friendly and could not have made me feel more comfortable than she did. There's not much I can tell you that other people haven't except for with Mendy, there won't be any surprises. She tells you just what to expect. Some tips that she gave me that might help you...-If you typically shave, you might want to grow out your hair for at least 2-4 weeks prior to your visit. If you see any small black bumps, they will grow back first. The small growths will not get pulled so you won't get the smoothest result. -You should visit every 6-8 weeks so use this to plan in advance. I never thought I'd be saying this, but I can't wait for my next visit!
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,9/9/2014,164,120,6,8,10>Uchi definitely lives up to the hype and even exceeded my expectations! I came here with my family to celebrate both my and my mother's birthdays. We went on a Sunday evening for their happy hour, and we basically ordered everything on their menu. The portions are really tiny but that allows you to sample more of their dishes, and if you come for happy hour, food is much more reasonably priced. (Unless you order their specialty foods like the miso cured duck). The atmosphere is of course lovely and a nice mixture between intimate, lively, modern, and traditional. (I know what a dichotomy right?) Also, the money you pay definitely goes towards the service too! We had a very attentive and professional waiter that definitely knew what he was talking about in terms of what foods to order.As for food, I'm just going to list my favorites.Favorites: Walu walu, Hot Rock, Brussel Sprouts, Fried Milk! Good, but not mindblowing: Ham & Egg roll, Spicy crunchy tuna rollWe ordered more, but those were the ones on either end of the spectrum. Also, be sure to let them know about special occasions because we got a free Fried Milk for our birthday!
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,9/8/2014,211,100,4,14,10>Not sure why the other reviews are so low but I've had ramen at a lot of places in Houston (Soma, Kata Robata, Tiger Den...) and this is the only place I can definitely say I'd come back again for ramen at.I came with a large group of friends around 2:30am Saturday night. The owner was extremely nice and stayed open for us until 4am, never tried to rush us or anything which we really appreciated. He even brought out free dessert for my friend since it was her birthday.I ordered the original ramen ($12)Meat - perfectly cooked, super tender and melted in my mouthAjitama (egg) - AMAZING, haven't had ajitama this good in a while, i would recommend getting an extra one lolNoodles - i honestly cant remember the texture/taste of the noodles so i wont leave a comment at the momentBroth - good balance of saltiness, a lot of places are overly salty but this place kept it under control
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2014,9/7/2014,181,536,4,10,11>I will have to say, this has been my favorite restaurant on my HRW list so far. Came with my friend who is not shy to spend some money so we did the full experience. Got here about 30 minutes before our reservation to have a couple of drinks at the bar then made our way to the table. I started with a light and fruity Pinot Noir at the bar and he ordered an awesome bottle of Cabernet (I don't remember which) for dinner. It was full body and bold, just how I like it. I love how there were so many options to choose from on the HRW menu. Everything looked/sounded amazing but here's what I went with:First course: Garlic Seared Calamari - Soooooo good! I'm serious, you've never had any calamari like this before. MUST GET!Second Course: Duet of Caramelized Diver Scallops and Hawaiian Big Eye Tuna - Light and refreshing with great flavors. (My friend got the Hawaiian Swordfish and I kind of liked it better. So much amazing flavors and spices.)Third Course: Creme de Caramel - super sweet. It was supposed to be flan like but it was very rich and creamy, more like a cheesecake. Mr. Tony Masraff himself greeted every table that night. The little things like that really makes the complete experience so much nicer. Great restaurant, great food, great wine, and great company = great time!
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,9/6/2014,74,416,5,8,5>like-cai-d-mentioned-chinatown-restaurants-constantly-change-owners-and-its-chinese-name-but-the-new-owners-never-want-to-pay-to-change-the-english-sign-new-owner-the-chinese-name-is-and-szechuan-food-he-also-owns-another-restaurant-with-the-same-name-across-the-complex-by-star-snow-happy-village-ok-village-which-has-shanghainese-food-once-you-walk-in-write-your-name-down-on-the-clipboard-to-the-left-this-place-is-oily-but-isnt-that-the-charm-of-szechuan-food-things-i-would-def-recommend-suan-ni-bai-rou-sliced-boiled-pork-with-mashed-garlic-fatty-thinly-sliced-pieces-of-pork-nestled-in-a-bath-of-chili-oil-cilantro-and-crushed-peanuts-its-delicious-the-sauce-is-spicy-yet-sweet-it-is-a-very-similar-dish-to-hui-guo-rou-twice-cooked-pork-however-if-i-had-to-choose-id-choose-the-former-suan-dou-jia-rou-muo-finely-diced-string-beans-with-minced-pork-its-sour-but-savory-wish-more-szechuan-restaurants-made-this-dish-there-are-so-many-other-things-i-wanted-to-try-will-update-when-i-do-and-when-i-can-take-pictures-of-the-menudont-remember-the-english-names-of-the-dishes-we-ordered
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,9/5/2014,211,137,15,14,12>Just for full disclosure, I am acting as ghost writer for this review. The review is being dictated to me by Roxie Hart Adkins and Baby Sadie Hawkins Adkins.A-OOOOOOOOO YIP YIP YAP (panting) BARK BARK A-OOOOOOO (tail wagging).This translates to "OH MY GOSH! ARE YOU KIDDING? REAL LAKE WATER!! I GET TO SWIM IN REAL LAKE WATER!! HILLS? I GET TO RUN UP AND DOWN HILLS? GREATEST PARK EVER!"This may not be the greatest park ever but it is truly up there with some of the great dog parks of Houston. Decent sized park split into large dog/small dog sections. Water fountains set up for dogs and humans. Walking path within gated area and much longer walking trail that is paved around circumference of the lake. The lake! My dogs loved it! Even my lesser-swimming dog had a great time swimming around in the water. The water that is lake colored and not blue as we all have become used to at our area dog parks. Now the part that my dogs detest and I adore. The dog wash stations. There are plenty of stalls so no real waiting to get your dog washed. Good spots to leash the dogs up to so no worries about them trying to run off. My dogs act as if getting their bath after the park is the end of the world but after lake swimming, dirt rolling fun a bath is a necessity.Upper Horsepen Creek Park will being going into the dog park rotation.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2014,9/4/2014,103,45,20,31,22>About a year ago, I was walking through the Museum District, pushing my SUV-sized stroller w all 3 kids inside, when an old Mercedes Diesel stopped alongside me, its windows open. The driver got out of the vehicle & approached me on foot--literally--he wasn't even wearing shoes, & it was summertime. Yikes. I sped up, praying silently. But the driver didn't beat me over the head & sell my babies into slavery--he handed me a flyer for the Conscious Café, explaining that he & his sister own it, & that they serve healthy food there, & would love for us to stop by with our little ones. How could I not reward such zealousness?It took us ~ a year to fufill my promise to co-owner, Andre, but my family & I finally stopped by for lunch with Yelpers Ellen C., Gretchen P., Tiffany L., & Kim H. And we're so glad we did.The café has its own small parking lot, 1 block north & 1 west of the restaurant, on Napolean St (on the corner of McGowen). Park in the lot, cut through the neighboring field, & the café is the 2nd building, you'll come to.It's a true hole-in-the wall joint, a bit shabby & rundown, but clean. Serving was informal--each dish came out whenever it was ready. We enjoyed our food & our "Andre-did-WHAT?!" chat w co-owner, Nicole & her daughter Ebony, so much, we stopped by a week & a half later, for take-out.The Conscious Café's menu is a simple one. It offers tea, coffee, & smoothies (w or w/o spinach), as well as milk; juice; & water, 4 sandwiches, an entrée-portion of grilled vegetables, a few sides, including bean soup, & bean pie, for dessert. All but one of the sandwiches (the salmon burger) are vegetarian. Everything is otherwise served vegan, by default, unless you ask for milk in your drink.We've tried all of the dishes, except the salmon burger, & have loved them all--this is comfort food at its best. Even our uber-picky 3 year old ate a bit of the eggplant hoagie. Our veg-loving toddler liked everything. And all 3 kids loved the Popeye smoothie (blueberries, strawberries, bananas, spinach, & probably apple juice). They also loved the café's house-baked Malt-O-Meal sub rolls, which are excellent toasting bread, slightly sweet from the added malt extract. All sandwiches are served on this, & one can order sides of it too.Here's a description of the entrees:The Veg Po-Boy contains roasted zucchini; summer squash; red pepper; & onions, romaine lettuce & tomato, & (vegan) safflower mayo. The caramelized onions make the sandwich slightly sweet.The Avocado Sandwich is packed with avocado, & so is very filling. It also contains lettuce, tomato, red onion, & safflower mayo.The Veggie Bowl contains zucchini, summer squash, spinach, tomato, red onion, garlic, red pepper, black pepper, & oregano. This is a sort of stew--it's somewhat soupy, but the veg aren't at all overcooked. The flavors of the fresh veg, garlic, & herbs meld well together.The Eggplant Hoagie contains grilled eggplant, romaine lettuce, tomato, onions, black olives, & safflower mayo. This is my favorite of the sandwiches we've tried. The olives *make* the dish. If you love eggplant tapenade, you'll love this too.The Bean Pie (a variation on sweet potato pie, in which navy beans are substituted for the sweet potatoes ) is a rare treat. Katharine Shilcutt listed this among her 100 favorite dishes in 2011 (blogs.houstonpress.com/e). The honor is well-deserved. The pie's filling is remarkably smooth & sweet, the topping, redolent with nutmeg & cinnamon. This can be ordered either w a graham cracker crust, or a very flaky pastry one. Yum.Prices are about average for vegan fare made from fresh organic veg. We paid ~$3 for a small soup, $6 per sandwich, $7 for the Veggie Bowl, & 75 cents for each extra roll. Fruit-only smoothies are ~$5, $6 for a Popeye Smoothie. The pie is downright cheap: ~$2.50 per slice.In all, the Conscious Café offers simple, yet inventive & comforting pescetarian food made with fresh organic ingredients & lots of love, in a family-run, family-friendly setting. It's a great place to study, watch the game, or just hang out. If this sounds like your kind of thing, it probably is, so stop on by. Sooner or later, Andre's gonna pull you in off the street, anyway...
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,8/31/2014,21,107,7,12,7>So happy to see a true home style Cajun restaurant in a area dominated by Tex-Mex and fast food restaurants. Very casual cafeteria style service with a variety of daily classic Cajun specials made from scratch!The day I visited, I enjoyed the signature crawfish ettouffee reminiscent of my childhood and ate it all, thank you very much! The boudin is the best you will find in Texas! You can get in and out in a hurry for lunch. Portions are huge  and served up in a to go container.I enjoyed the Cajun themed dining room and classic Cajun music piped in adding to your authentic Louisiana dining experience. The banana pudding and butter milk pie are outstanding ! Coconut cream pie will blow you out tha door! BTW, I'm not a fat Azzz, but I did try them all!Do yourself a favor and check  out this unique family run restaurant and pass a good time for lunch enjoying some down home comfort Cajun cooking ! Come hungry!
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,8/30/2014,270,261,15,13,10>YAAAAAAAASSSSS! This is a version of "yes" to express complete and utter excitement about something. For example, tipsy sorority girls in response to being offered a round of free tequila shots- YAAAAAAAASSSSS! This is also how a sweets-obsessed Asian girl might feel about the opening of Hippo Ice in Sugar Land. Burning question: why is it named Hippo Ice? Hippos are cute, but I don't see a connection with desserts. Is it because you'll likely resemble a hungry hungry hippo after consuming their snow shaved ice, laden with millions of calories?  Let's go with that. If you've never had snow shaved ice, it's a block of frozen milk shaved into delicate ribbons. The texture is smooth and creamy vs. the crunchy chunks in traditional shaved ice. First, decide on the flavor of ice- mango, strawberry, green tea, and etc. Then, add toppings to your heart's content (or as much as your wallet allows; it's 5o cents each)- fruit, jellies, candy. Finally, select your drizzle- condensed milk, syrup. The owner is a middle-aged Taiwanese man. Reasons why I adore him: 1. He is cheerful and energetic. 2. He is loud. The way his voice resonates as he greets customers made me smile. 3. He gave me generous samples of the avocado and green tea ice, since they had run out of my usual mango. 4. He allowed us to stay 30 minutes past closing as they cleaned up. I am not usually this inconsiderate, but we were in the middle of a serious conversation. The avocado was too rich for me, but the green tea was simply MARVELOUS. It bursts with flavor as it melts in your mouth. Apparently, they use green tea that is shipped over from Japan. I dressed it with red beans (a classic), strawberries, and condensed milk. With the 30% off Yelp check-in offer, it was only $4 and some change. Easily shareable between 2 people, but I'm pretty sure I ate most of ours. You snooze; you lose. I'm trained to be a speedy eater growing up with my brother. If I didn't eat fast, I didn't eat at all.  Residents of Sugar Land have even less reason to venture out now. We'll all just stay in our bubble and be one big hippopotamus family.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,8/29/2014,2219,1117,26,25,27>In the voice of a departed friend that is long gone but never forgotten: "It's like a cow with a cracker on either side."Just around the corner from my darling pied-à-terre sits the new outpost of the benjy extended family of restaurantdom in Local Foods, the second of that brand's building on the always-packed success of the one in Rice Village. New beginnings in that space nip at the heels of our dearly departed local margarita haunt Taco Milagro. Unlike Taco Cabana quality tex-mex in a nicer space springing forth with an even nicer outdoor patio, Local Foods is on the scene to get you sorted with a large sandwich, a salad fit for any fancy née dandy gentleman, and an acceptable beer list. For the neophytes the way LF works is this. You park your ostrich, emo, or automocar outside in the parking lot. Meow, you walk in through the blue door, pick up a clipboard menu from the ikea faux shelving, and you wait in line. You order at the counter. It's kind of loud so speak up to ensure you get the right thing, not a snakeskin briefcase filled with pesos and a loaded .22 underneath. Apparently the crow does NOT fly at midnight ... If you went with the sweet mintade or other nonalcoholic beverage that is over in the #treatyoself station to your left after you pay at the counter. If you were a bad boy and ordered some of Uncle's cough syrup up then the server will bring it to your table when you finally find yourself one. Seating is a bit tight and you might be waiting a fair piece for a table. But in all fairness the dream team does clean up tables very quickly, so it's not like Outback Steakhouse where you can stare at a dirty table for however long it takes you to down three drinks at the bar.Ermahgerd, kerberks! They have Hopadillo. And it's $3.50. Done and done. They have other things in the $3.50 region but the really sweet action is happening at the $6.50 region. Unfortunately I am made entirely of flaws and not $6.50 for a lunch beer so no thx. Hopadillo works for me cuz ermahgerd, kerberks! Even though if this was BYOB I could have just picked up a sixer literally one Uncle Rico's steak toss at Napoleon down Westheimer at Bad Randalls for $3 more. I also laughed at how they still stock Duchman Family wines. Apparently two arrests and a brewing feud ain't enough to hold them down (read more: nydailynews.com/news/nat)Food takes less than ten minutes to hit your table, even when the kitchen is fulfilling peak capacity. Every sandwich and dandy salad has been swell. This review is in the voice of Mitch Hedberg because this is essentially what my dining companion said about how overstuffed the sandwich was:"Would you like anything else with this sandwich?""Yeah, a loaf of bread and some other people!"Just like benjys where the crunchy chicken entree can be an adorbs dinner date option where y'all split the entree (see my benjys on Washington review) the benjy empire wants you to eat until you collapse the flimsy chair underneath you. It's a lot of food. But food quality is not sacrificed - it is all good in the 'hood.The falafel salad is inventive, large, and tasty. Falafel is life if u don't know me bro. This is an addition to the Houston falafel pantheon of places I can hit up to fulfill the vampirism-like blood lust for falafel that afflicts me so. Also this place is closer to my pied-à-terre than Ranosh is, so winner winner crunchy chicken dinner too. The falafel option here generally incorporates olive crumble, yogurt, sambal, pickles, tomato, and red onion. The ingredients are slightly out of whack converted to salad land where tomato is like 95% and onion is almost non-existent. Don't get me wrong, tomatoes are fun. But I actually like onion. If I didn't like onion during the day & funyuns after work at 2am so much I might have been married by meow. My dedication to onion is that hella.The gulf shrimp & blue crab sandwich, for your days when you feel like you need to NOT go to where everyone knows your name like at Maine-ly Sandwiches on Shepherd especially after my ROTD (12/24/13) there: well this bad boy comes slicked back with green goddess dressing, pickled red onion, tomato, and on ciabatta. This has red onion like a boss. I guess they skimp on the salad to make it rain on the sandwich overlords. It's just homage, I gets it.  That is my sole complaint with the onion chaos and eminent domain like seizing of onions from people that want it, but the kitchen doesn't know that, unless they do, and this is just punitive because they have heard about me before. The space itself is elegantly decorated, modern, super clean, the food is great, and it's glitzy without requiring me to break out my tuxedo before 6pm so it's clear that I am not a farmer in the evening hours about town.When in need of a sandwich, generally: this will do pig, this will do.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,8/28/2014,44,362,7,10,7>How can I not love any restaurant that opened the year I was born, way back in 1977.  I just have a love in general for any restaurant that can endure that long and still be kicking strong.I came on a weeknight for dinner and hadn't eaten here for several years, so I wanted to try it again.  I only waited about 2 minutes in line and was quickly called to to come up to one of the registers and order.  I ordered the Greek Combo Plate.  This plate is similar to the Hercules plate, but just comes with more food.  It has Pastichio, mousaka, keftedes, spanakopita, tiropita & gyros. Greek salad, pita, yalandji dolma & tzatziki sauce are on the side.  The price is hefty, but it can feed two people pretty easily.  I also ordered the Dipples for dessert.Keftedes - Greek meatballs and I though they were pretty dry so I had to dip them in the tzatziki sauce. Pastichio - Greek lasagna, which was alright but I think this is what made me sickMousaka - Like Greek lasagna with eggplant and potato in it, haven't tried it yet, took it to-go, now i'm scared to eat it.Spanakopita - fillo dough filled with spinich and cheese, not badTiropita - similar to above with no spinach, not badGyro meat - this was the best item on the plate and they give you 4 small pieces of pita bread so you can make 4 mini gyros.  Greek Salad - had juicy plump tomatoes, the cucumbers were bland and not very sweetYalandji dolma - these grape leave wrapped logs stuffed with rice were pretty tart and bland. The rice is not loose, but more like congealed, not really a big fan of these anywhere I've eaten them.Dipples - Greek sopapillas but I thought they were not nearly as moist.I ran out of the two tubs of tzatziki sauce pretty quickly since I was dipping pretty much everything in it.Next time I go, I will probably stick with the grilled meats and the gyros.  I sat outside on the patio where the fans mist the chilled water, so on most days/evenings it's pretty pleasant.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,8/27/2014,124,267,12,14,15>I'm so glad I visited Taongo.  It's located right next to Thang Hung supermarket.  I wanted to try an unique Vietnamese entree I never have had and my tastes buds were looking to be satiated with a foodgasm.Well I happened to see Christine N.'s picture of a yummy looking sour fish soup called Canh Chua Ca.  I happened to know she has good taste in food so I decided to order it.  Actually it's a sour/slightly sweet catfish soup which was so fresh and healthy tasting but also tantalized my taste buds.   Yes fish soupgasm!  Lol.  The soup has fresh pieces of catfish, greens, herbs, pineapple, red chilies, okra and those crunchy fried onions sprinkled on top.  It came with a large bowl of fresh white rice, pickled jalapenos and several different condiments.  The best part was mixing the condiments into my individual little serving bowls each time and getting an explosion of flavors.  Some more sweet and spicy and some more salty and hot, etc.  I truly liked this soup so much that it may be hard for me to order anything else ever!  Soup 5 Star!!!I also got a BBQ pork fried rice which was average quality to go.My waiter was sooo Awesome and I felt so pampered by him.  I would love to give the restaurant 5 stars but I've only tried those 2 entrees so far.  I'll definitely be back.  Plenty of up close parking later in the evening and open till 10 pm weekdays.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,8/26/2014,215,403,11,22,17>Wow.  Wow.  Wow.The proportions of the burger were perfect.  Medium (perfect) thickness which allowed the burger to cook through yet retain juiciness.  The toppings well balanced, a nice bit of cheese, crunchy bacon (get the bacon cheeseburger), and the onion-pickle-tomato trifecta--nice.  The needle on the grease-o-meter leans ever-so slightly to the greasebomb side, which generates praise over condemnation here.I mean, seriously, at this point I think their basic bacon cheeseburger is one of the best I can find, and I'll be back (a lot) for it.The fries were crisp and tasty...I'll admit at the writing of this review I've had only the plain fries.  As a purist, the basics need to be in order.  However, they do need to change their grease more often.  My professional experience as both a fast-food and bakery fry artist did teach me something about the subject.  Perhaps that light fry-fuzz is appealing to the uninitiated.Ambience is old-school joint, but who cares.  BURGER.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,8/25/2014,156,153,7,15,18>Late lunch here. I had some beef dish (don't remember but it was goood), a few of their wings, egg rolls, and two bites of my friend's fried tofu dish (they had just opened and we were sampling).  Everything was delicious. And I'm not one to actually spend money to dine in at Asian restaurants. And I hate tofu. This is a family owned business and everyone here is friendly. There is ample "people" watching outside.... If watching bums do their thang is your thing. It definitely makes for interesting conversation. Regarding the price increase in such a short time. 8 weeks. 8 years. Who cares? Prices go up. Perhaps they weren't quite sure what price point to have to be profitable. Takes some experimentation. Also groceries aren't cheap. And neither is having employees and paying bills. If people are complaining about a damn good 9 dollar lunch then they need to brown bag it to work.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,8/24/2014,40,81,15,14,14>My cousins and I decided to come here for my cousins 34th birthday and I have to say...Eleven Xi is a pretty cool spot. I really enjoyed the ambiance here as well. We ordered steamed mussel, crab cake, and oysters for our appetizer. The steamed mussel was okay. To me, it tastes like the way my mom makes it. Still good though! What I liked about the oysters is that you can mix up the flavors! Don't really remember which one we ordered, but they were delicious. Onto the food; I ordered the short rib. The short rib was good. I'd rate it a B. It was a little bland, but just add a little salt and you'll be fine. I tried my cousins baby back ribs and those were actually pretty tasty. Great flavor! Apricot Flounder...didn't try it since I was full, but man, that looked really good. Few others at my table had that and they weren't disappointed. So if you're a fish person, go for it. I don't remember what the others ordered, but we were all a happy camper.Dessert was awesome too. Don't recall which ones we had, but they were on point! Drinks at the bar were great as well. Not to mention, the staff was very friendly! I give Eleven XI a B+! Will be back for sure!P.S. The faucet in the restroom was pretty cool. This is kind of weird, but it was really intriguing to me...........lol.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,8/23/2014,439,301,14,17,13>The good thing about Bahama Bucks is that it employs lots of young kids to give them something to do, particularly in the summer.  The bad thing about Bahama Bucks is that it employs lots of young kids.  Yes, you read me right! Lots were hard working ones, others too much talking and possibly spit landing on my treat and I saw ice throwing horseplay up in this piece.  I must have waited 15 minutes to order and 20 mins to actually get my large strawberry cheesecake ice Bahama mama style....Blue Bell ice cream at the bottom, your flavor of shaved ice with some kind of white cream poured around it. Honestly I just thought it was ok at first, semi-regretted it (that price tag is waaaaaaaaaaaay more than any shaved ice I've ever paid for in the past, roughly $5.60 large bahama mama style, 3-4 bucks for regular shaved ice) but when you eat enough to dig those color changing "cool spoons" down and bring some ice cream up, that shaved ice becomes a treat from the dessert angels (not quite from the dessert gods, it ain't THAT good) but it definitely kicked that yummy factor up. This place is super popular and clearly some folks don't mind spending that dough.  If you're hot and feeling riskaaay by the pocketbooks,  try it out...at least once!
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,8/22/2014,109,85,16,22,19>I like to have a repertoire of late night eateries at my disposal.  The thing with Spanish Flowers, though, is that I enjoy the food and service so much, that I find myself wanting to eat here anytime I'm on this side of town, regardless of whether it is late night or not.The portions are generous, the service is super friendly, and the margaritas are tasty and come with a little umbrella. :)My favorite thing to order, as introduced to me by my best friend, is the Seafood Soup.  Holy nourishment! It's just good for your soul.  Fish, scallops, shrimp, oyster, all with a delicious broth and loads of vegetables.And order the guacamole.  They bring out a GIANT plate of it.Oh, and I almost forgot....  Sopapillas!!!!  A HALF order is 6 of them.  But be sure to get them. They're delicious!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,8/21/2014,88,91,5,10,9>If you're looking for a fun time with friends, and you're tired of the same old movies, malls, dessert shops...this is the place to go! It's so much fun working together with friends to solve puzzles and connect clues. I can't tell you what's in the room, but it's set up very well-- challenging but doable!The max is 10 people per room, and if you sign up with a group of less than that number, you may be put in a group with random other people. I recommend going with a group of at least 8 friends because you really need that many people to solve the clues together, and it's much easier to scream at each other and work together when you actually know the people in your group :P. No matter how many people are in your group, it is $18 per person to play, and you get 1 hour to solve everything. Sounds pricy? Yes, but it's so worth it for the fun times. And the people here have to work really hard after you storm through the room to put everything back together the way they were. Another plus is that the people who work here are really nice! They stay in the room with you to make sure you don't destroy everything, and they can offer you hints if you need them. They're opening up a second location in Houston in a couple months, and I'm so excited to try that one :). Yay friendship bonding!
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,8/20/2014,59,45,7,12,10>Now that i've been here a good 7-10 times, I think it's time I write a review.  The manager is very nice and always willing to mix up a unique drink for you.  If you sit at the bar he will give you samples of the drinks he is making for other customers.  I think that's awesome.  Everyone greets you when you walk in.  I dig the ambiance and the booths are very comfortable.  You feel like royalty sitting up so much higher than the rest of the peasant patrons. :)  I have ordered several items from the menu, both raw and cooked.  My absolute favorites are:The Thai Curry Mussels (I can't come here without ordering them)The Tuna and Goat Cheese Salad (delicious and light)Pepper Tuna (i ask for little to no sear.  I prefer it raw and it melts in your mouth this way)I always end up leaving spending a lot of money, but I can't tell if it's the endless sake that I always end up ordering, or the food.  Either way it's worth the money.  It's nice to have a quality sushi place not only in Humble, but right around the corner from my place.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,8/19/2014,202,374,7,7,6>Gearhead, a tv show about restoring cars, was holding an event here. Lamborghini's, corvette stingray and other amazing cars parked outside. Extra lights and a buzz of excitement.The drinks weren't that memorable but oh my goodness! I found my most favorite way to serve bacon....   Chicken Fried Bacon!!  Can I get a hallelujah?  Is this a common thing? I've never had or heard of it before and I haven't a better way of eating bacon.Ok, so the bacon is already fried then battered in fried chicken batter then flash fried to a beautiful crispness!  Amazing!  I'd go there just for that.  I'd like a salad with chicken fried bacon please.  That's right.  One cancels the other!
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,8/18/2014,98,121,9,13,9>If God ever decided to get into the business of selling clouds, then He would need a retailer. But fortunately for us mere mortals, Texas Mattress Makers is already ahead of the pack, offering the closest that we can come to a heavenly crib.With the plethora of mattress stores around the city, beds are a dime a dozen these days, with exorbitant margins feeding into an overabundance of advertising. However, if you dare to be different, then I would highly recommend a visit to the Second Ward to check out Texas Mattress Makers, who have been making quality mattresses for almost 25 years, without the ridiculous markup of the national chains.From memory foam to spring coils, this store has a large selection to peruse, ranging from the mundane to the luxurious. As for myself, I immediately settled on the Florence, which layers memory foam on top of a set of coils, topped with a meshlike honeycomb cooling gel, that keeps your body at the ideal temperature whilst you slumber atop your personal cloud. Who knew that a mattress could be so high-tech?But most important of all, both Noah and Youval were some of the most courteous and respectful business professionals I have ever worked with, taking the time and the patience to explain the technology that they use and then letting us try each and every one of their mattresses in their showroom.Consider me a loyal customer. I know I'll be back again and again to try out their next latest and greatest slumber kits.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,8/17/2014,173,138,7,8,8>This is one of the best kept secrets in the area for lunch. If you can get over all of the fancy seating, etc you can get some fresh seafood at the market. A co worker of mine mentioned this spot to me a couple of years ago and I am just getting around to trying it. I was starving after working out the other day and was headed to find sober hung to eat and happened to be coming up on this place so turned in and gave it a shot. As I walked in, I noticed there are only a few tables there for dinning in. You can buy fresh seafood and you can order cooked meals. Another thing that I noticed is that the cooks and food are visible so the authentic freshness is right before your eyes. They also have great prices on their daily combo meals. I ordered a 3 piece fish which included fries, coleslaw and a soft drink for about 5 or 6 bucks. You can't beat that for authentic seafood!!
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2014,8/16/2014,104,158,7,12,10>Darwin's Theory is a really great neighborhood bar and a great place to go if you're not into the fratty-er scene in Midtown (or that is taking over part of Washington.) The giant patio is awesome (can't wait to take advantage of it when it starts to cool down a little bit!) Inside, the wall opposite the bar is covered in some pretty cool street art and the giant "Viva la evolución" mural is a pretty awesome touch- overall, the decor/atmosphere gets my thumbs up. They've got an air hockey and foosball table, PacMan and are going to be adding more retro games to the bar-- pretty cool! Additionally, the beer selection is pretty solid (a LOT of Texas brewed beer plus some other awesome breweries, like MAGIC HAT... which is awesome!) and the drinks are cheap... AND they have food! I'm pretty excited about this place. I'm looking forward to expanding on this review as more time goes by.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,8/15/2014,115,296,7,12,9>I. LOVE. BAKERY DONUT. I love that family. Happy boss lady, her quiet husband, and their TWIN grown sons. Yes. They are twins. The young adult men who wear caps and white tees. Yup. 2 different guys.Kolaches - the bread is sweet. Like a Luby's dinner roll filled with cheese, sausage, and jalepeno if you choose. They will pop it in the microwave for you so that you can have it steaming hot. How can you complain for a slice of heaven for $2 a piece?The donuts are marvelous. Forget Shipley's. Forget Christy's. Go "no name" with Bakery Donut. They have this magical way of crackling when you bite into the glaze.I also enjoy their croissant breakfast sandwiches - take your pick of egg, cheese, and either ham or sausage. They also supersize the kolaches, but the bread isn't quite taste the same as the small size. I also enjoy their breakfast tacos - eggs scrambled with chopped sausage and a side of picante sauce.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,8/14/2014,413,275,5,7,9>I'm in love with this place. It wasn't love at first sight, I had my doubts. When it comes to cultural food, the hole it the wall spots with funky smells and questionable hygiene are always the best tasting. I was a bit skeptical about the upscale, sophisticated decor and set up. But I can dig it. The presentation of the food is just so nice. Adds a special elegance. What made me head over heels for this place was their care for the customer. My boyfriend had worked a wedding event that Kirin's catered. They catered build-your-own wraps which he took advantage of building 2 for himself. He insisted on coming back for this amazing wrap he had. He won't even let it go when we went to a different Indian place. They don't serve the chicken wrap on the menu but they still made it as a special request for him. I wish I could've taken a picture of the biggest satisfactory smile on my man's face. He looked like  the cutest man-boy with his googly smile when they brought the wrap out. It's so delicious, it was like Indian chipotle. The savory chicken dressed with a creamy sauce in a lettuse bed nestled in a naan bread tortilla wrap. We also had potato samosas and chicken tikka misala that was also fantastic. The dish comes with a side of green beans. I'm not sure how it's cooked but it was the best I've had green beans ever.Lastly, what makes this place so love-worthy is that an old, sweet Indian man (whom I assume is the owner) walks around and talks to all of his guests to make sure you have a good experience.Such a sweet and awesome place that debunked my predjudice of upscale cultural restaurants.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,8/13/2014,151,258,3,13,12>Adopted a wonderful schnauzer/poodle mix from K-9 and am so glad I did! I found this place just driving down Richmond, noticed that they were open one Saturday afternoon and went in. I believe all the dogs that are from K-9 live in foster homes during the week. My BF and I got to meet all the dogs and ended up playing with a few before falling in love with Fuzzy aka Benny now. The whole process was pretty easy and straightforward after we decided to adopt. We filled out an application, answered questions with the woman in charge, paid the $200 adoption fee, and was given his papers and an overview on how to care for him. We took him home and have no regrets since.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,8/12/2014,98,78,5,14,7>It's kind of bittersweet writing this... I love this place so much and I just know this place is going to start getting so packed and will get harder to get an appt with. This place is fairly new 9 months ish. Love this place for not being the "stereotypical vietnamese nail salon ;)" I preface this statement with I'm vietnamese and most times I go into a nail salon; they treat me as though I'm a disgust to their culture to come into their nail salon with all my tattoos, being young, and paying for another vietnamese person do my nails (feet). Yeah, not so cool to them. I understand the language too beeches. ;) So if you're viet, feel at home! Co Linh loves to speak viet so if you can do so because English is hard for her and only knows a few phrases. She came over 4 years ago so be friendly on the English people! :) Let's cut it short for highlights!++++call & make an appt; it will make it easier for them, you & other clients :) Ivy took my appt and was very pleasant --there's only 4 technicians that work there period and sometimes not all at the same time.+complimentary beverages: water, coke products, red wine (which was quite lovely!)+nail polish colors from Essie, OPI, CND, Koya etc. +lovely technicians, super friendly +spa pedicure options: Classic is $22, aromatherapy $27, and etc...ask for Linh, she's an amazing older woman. She can accommodate soft to firm on the massage. :)+shellac manicure: $30, $35 French ask for Ivy! ++they had a skirt available for me to change into since I was wearing tight yoga leggings! Awesome!!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,8/11/2014,189,326,8,12,10>This place definitely intrigued me with their Korean and Japanese fusion ideas. We arrived with reservations at 6pm on a Friday and the place was pretty empty. This was fine by me as there was plenty of attentive waitstaff around. The decor for this place was very modern, however I would have liked the restaurant light to be a bit brighter. Certain areas were to dark and I could definitely see trouble occurring with reading the menu. As for food, we ended up ordering the oxtail with rice cakes, bibimbap, soup dumplings, nara roll, and a bunch of nigiri. I wasn't a fan of the soup dumplings. These are not your tradition soup dumplings as the soup is place in a pocket on top of the dumpling. They were also al dente which made the dough not as appetizing. Other than that I enjoyed the meat and soup, but the hard dough was to appealing. Next, I found the nara roll decent. We ordered with roll as they said it was one of their specialties. Nicely balanced roll but probably not something I would get again. I did however enjoy all the nigiri pieces we ordered. Fish were fresh and all were decently priced. Definitely wouldn't mind ordering those again. As for the oxtail and rice cakes, this was a good dish as the oxtail was tender and went really well with the slightly crispy rice cakes. I really enjoyed this dish. My only complaint would be that I would have enjoyed this more as the last item of the meal as the sauce is spicy and very overpowering. As it came out first, it might have ruined my taste buds a little for the other dishes. As for the bibimbap, I think this might have been my favorite thing. Great rendition of the original and I really liked the crispy pork belly it came with!After our meal was over, I really wanted to try the green tea tiramisu. However I ended up with disappointment as they said the dessert wasn't ready due to not having enough time to set. I would have expected a restaurant to be more prepared as you have dinner service that could start as early as 5 pm. Kind of disappointed that they didn't think to be more prepared with their dessert. I would want to knock my review down to 3 stars, but the place was decent enough to keep me at a 4 star. However, I'm still very upset about the green tea tiramisu not being ready.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,8/10/2014,90,322,5,8,5>There are a lot of negative reviews from not-so-active- 'Yelpers,' so I've been wanting to give a detailed review of this place since we came here a couple of weeks ago to give you a REAL review of the place.When we first stepped inside, we were surprised at how elegant the restaurant is.  Having been to Macaroni Grill and Dimassi's in the past, you'd never guess this restaurant was a renovation.I'm a fan of E-Tao, so I was really excited when I heard this place was opening up.  It's a much better option to Kim Son down the highway.  Hands down, the quality of the food is superior.  Yes, the prices are higher, but I also don't mind paying for quality food.  If I wanted cheap Chinese, I'd go to Chinatown where the tablecloth is sticky and you have to wipe down your silverware before using it.The soup dumplings were delicious as always.  My dad, who is quite frugal, actually doesn't complain about the cost since he knows that nowhere else in Houston serves better soup dumplings.  Keep in mind, this is coming from an old Chinese man.The soft shelled crab is my favorite as well, and the portion seemed larger than E-Tao, but was the same price (about $20).  It's my favorite because of the ingredients... the soft brown rice, roe, pine nuts, and of course the perfectly crunchy soft shelled crab.We ordered the Hong Kong bay style shrimp, which were a favorite at the table.  The downside is that the heads weren't included.  Our waiter told us to ask for off-the-menu items if we're looking for prawns with heads.  These were large prawns with a crunchy tempura flake mixture that was sprinkled with something equivalent to crack.  We ended up putting that mixture on everything we ate that night.  We ordered the flat rice noodles with beef.  It was as expected, nothing spectacular, but good.  We ordered an oyster dish that was wrapped in foil with clear noodles.  That was quite tasteless and a huge disappointment.The main courses were all large in size, so I'm not sure why others say the portions are small.  We had four adults and ordered four main courses plus the soup dumplings and three main courses would have been plenty.  Service was 3/5.  We had a couple of waiters helping us, all of whom were friendly.  It's different when a waiter is busy vs. lazy.  They were just busy.  The food came out at an average time, where our appetizer was brought out with enough time to finish right before our main courses came out.Overall, we will certainly be back.  I was shocked by how busy it was on a Friday night with absolutely no advertising as they were still doing their soft opening.  The restaurant was filled with large Asian families who probably disregard the negative shill Yelp reviews.  I'm glad I did or I would have missed out.  I know their thoughts are to put Kim Son out of business just as they did Gigi in the Galleria.  I can see Regal putting a dent in their business for sure.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2014,8/9/2014,78,135,14,13,9>Night and day.  New management turned this place aroundThere's really nothing particularly interesting on that stretch of El Dorado.  Unless of course you play Magic the Gathering, in which case a store exists there. (I wonder if it's the same space that used to be Houston Books and Comics...I digress)There's a remixed Dairy Queen on the Block.Fire station.2 sports bars.One of the two Valero's got transformed to be a convenience store w/o gas. A doughnut place that does pretty good business in the morning. Discount GroceryDiscount pizzaDueling fast food burger places...The one interesting thing that was in that area, a Korean BBQ spot. I guess it didn't do well, and the space got turned into a Spring Roll Express.  I didn't get chance to do the Korean BBQ . It had to be a holdover from a time when Webster/Clear Lake/Friendswood was doing much better.  Cause galbi ain't cheap my friend.I love Vietnamese food. You got Banh Da Xuc Hen , I want some!Your mom made Banh Khot and you ain't bring any for the crew?Say girl, you sweeter than Che Chuoi.Bun Mam?  Holla at a player.But Spring Roll Express?  C'MON. What's next, a Nepalese spot called Momo on the Go Go? Lotta Vietnamese food spots are dumbing down to double their dollars.  You see it in Midtown, you see it in our neck of the woods. The problem is I know what Banh Mi Thit Nuong is. But I guess not everyone reads their menus.Would the watering down of a great cuisine continue?The spot is under new management.Getting there - if you're going here, it's not much of an issueParking - parking doesn't become a problem until the bars start getting crowdedDecor and Ambiance - It's nice and clean, but Martha Thuy Stewart ain't really put her touch on it.  This is definitely a casual eatery.Service - Texas friendly, which is not par for the course with Vietnamese places.  Rarely do you go to banh mi shop and feel like you're at Chick Fil A.  But these guys were really really nice.  The Food - The menu is all English.  They got rice dishes, noodle dishes, and Banh mi.  No Pho, for now, but I'm willing to bet that when it starts getting below 90 degrees, it will make an appearance.I'm here for the bahh mi.Now Banh Mi wise, they had the char-grilled pork, shrimp, chicken, beef.  That's cool.  You can get those joints everywhere.  Now a real OG spot might have sardines, meatballs, cold cuts - including head cheese.  My favorite updated Banh Mi spot even threw in some carmelized shrimp and bo luc lac aka shaking beef.I saw something on this menu I hadn't seen beforeCrispy Pork.  But what's in a name?  Do they mean chicharonnes?Quiet as kept, this is a nice little departure from the char-grilled territory.  When you go to the Asian supermarket and you see that pig roasting in the back - that's what this sandwich is made of.   Crispy Pork Belly is what the menu should read.Son...Yo...Homey...Player..Partner...Brougham...­Bro-Seph...The bread was on point.  Pickled vegetables were nice (radish and carrots I believe, definitely carrots).  There was probably some raw jalapeno in there, if not i'm sure you could ask for it.But the combination of that Pork and the rest of the Banh Mi retinue...All this goodness from a spot in a boring location with a lackluster name.But the food man...the food.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,8/8/2014,424,539,9,21,16>So I'm looking at all the current reviews, as they're mostly positive.  A few complain that they got rejected, but hey, it's their right as a shelter to be selective of who they approve as their adopters.  If you don't want any filtering process, just check out BARC or the SPCA as they get a high volume of animals and often have to euthanize to make room for new animals.FFL is a no-kill shelter, so they'll rescue animals from organizations I mentioned earlier and try to find a foster home for them rather than staying in the facilities. This allows you to find out more about the potential pet you're adopting rather than just being locked up and frantic in a cage all day long.You can look at their website to get a preview of all their animals, as they have pictures along with their stats and personality behavior. And if you decide you like one, you can fill out an online application and they should get back to you shortly.The adoption fee is $75, as you can have the pet stay over your place before you make the final decision. You can also talk to the foster parents to find out more information.The also give you all the information you need, whether it be from crate training your dog, walking your dog, introducing your dog to other cats or dogs. The adoption managers Sara and Pam really friendly and eager to help you, as you can always email them or call them for any questions.And for puppies, they have free puppy kindergarten classes on Saturdays to socialize your loved one.All in all, a great organization.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,8/7/2014,57,128,8,12,10>I've been to "DK" at least 100 times over the last 10 years. The restaurant is no-frills and the service is acceptable yet commensurate with the low price you're paying. Depending on which server you get, there may be a bit of a language barrier, but the simple act of pointing at what you want on the menu seems to clear that right up. The yummiest items here are dumplings (obviously) and green onion pancakes. Dumplings are served steamed or pan-fried in quantities of 6 or 10. The pan-fried are good, but I think the steamed dumplings are where they really shine. My favorite are the steamed veggie + chive dumplings or the pan-fried chicken. On your table you will find jars of chopped ginger & jalapeno, as well as soy sauce, oil & vinegar, and the server will bring you a neon orange sauce (tangy & similar to a sweet/sour sauce) upon request. Dump a spoonful of each onto the little nosh plate and mix 'em all up - don't be shy! Then, adjust the ratios to your liking.The green onion pancakes are very thin and crispy, with a little bit of flour-iness to the outside, but the inside is doughy. They are an absolute must with any order and you should dip them in the same sauce you made for the dumplings. You may want to order 1 per person since they are so addicting, though, like a pizza, they are served with 8 slices each. FYI: leftovers of dumplings & green onion pancakes reheat well. If you need a little more variety, the soups are good, though I prefer to fill up on dumplings and pancakes. The wonton soup is loaded with wontons, but the hot and sour soup is a little off. Chicken cream corn chowder is absolutely the best (essentially an egg drop soup but w/ added corn and chicken). Other protein + rice/noodle dishes I've tried here over the years were just okay and are of a similar quality to what you'd find in a mall fast food Chinese restaurant - tasty, just not on par with the dumplings + pancakes.A previous reviewer mentioned that DK has no public restroom, which is not true. The restroom is available to customers and I have used it many times over the years without objection from employees. I would imagine that sign (located outside the restaurant) is targeted at people walking in off the street who are not dining here or placing a to-go order. One final thing to keep in mind: Like Chick-Fil-A, DK is closed on Sundays, which is always the day I want to eat it most. Make a plan to love DK the other 6 days of the week.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,8/6/2014,84,118,10,14,13>"Naaan ready!!" Those were the words I recall growing up to. When my family and I first moved to Houston, weekend buffets at Bombay Sweets were a norm for us. We always resorted to this place to grub after shopping at Hilcroft. What can I say? The buffet is cheap, the food is amazing, and the service is great! The buffet is usually the way to go here. It comes with either naan, or roti. Trust me that naan is huge so make sure to go easy on the rice. I never have been disappointed with any of the dishes in the buffet. They're always flavorful and delicious. Other than the buffet dishes, I've had the samosas here. They're pretty good, maybe not the best I've ever had. The sweet selection here is probably one of the best. For the most part, the sweets are fresh and incredibly sweet...So I warn you please do not purchase $10 worth of sweet for your non-indian friends w/o having their consent! I had to throw out an entire box because it was too sweet for them. They also have lots of savory Indian snacks, if you're not into the sweets. The only thing that could be improved is the counter area and space. It gets super crowded during busy times and you're steppin on people's toes. All in all, this place is awesome and I'll probably head there this weekend!
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,8/5/2014,82,93,1,10,9>My boyfriend and I came on NFL draft night and it was hopping. We sat on the patio because we brought our dog. Super dog friendly patio. They haven't even been open for a week and it's looking like this will be a great place for us to walk to. A selection of hundreds of beers all generally under $7. You can't beat that. My boyfriend got the burger and said it was a really great burger. The fries were like mcdonalds French fries. I got their steak! And boy was it delicious. Cooked perfectly to order, it was sweet and juicy and came with amazing asparagus and a large side of Mac n cheese. The Mac was "just Mac" nothing super special. One of the owners came out to thank us and ask what we thought of the food and I told him. He said they are still working on the menu and that one of the items that will be updated. Service was a little spacey on the patio. But plenty of people asked if we needed anything so we were helped pretty quickly. All in all this place is amazing! I love that I can just walk there when I want a great beer or great steak. I can't wait to try out all of their other menu items.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,8/4/2014,26,101,13,13,8>I never knew that Peruvian chicken was a thing. But it certainly is MY thing now. It's the full package. The real deal.It was an at-home all day movie date, and my date suggested we get take-out from King Chicken, which sounds as unromantic as rolling into a McD's drive thru, but he said to trust him on this one. No lie, the restaurant IS totally the most unromantic thing I've ever seen, but he was smart enough to know that take-out was the best course of action, and I advise you all to do the same. A majority of the decor is obviously hand me downs from when it used to be a Chinese restaurant, golden dragons and lotus blossoms everywhere. It's dark, a little dirty feeling, and counter service, all the characteristics of a good hole-in-the-wall joint. We ordered a whole chicken which comes with two large sides, we went with fried yuca and fried plaintains. The wait was a little long, but I'm just going to assume they were frying the sides fresh, I hope.We drive back home, and the smell of chicken in the car is the most amazing thing. This needs to be an air freshener scent, Yankee Candle, you need to get on that. Once home, take-out containers opened, food is split between our plates. Oh my god, so delicious. Moistest rotisserie chicken I've ever had and the skin is crispy and perfectly seasoned. The fried plantains are mildly sweet with a good bite, not necessarily crispy but not total mush. The yuca is crisp on the outside and ridiculously starchy and dry on the inside, could've been so much better if they were cut thinner, but a ton of ketchup will suffice. Chicken, BOMB. Fried plantains, BOMB. Fried Yuca, good but not that bomb. And lawd, the sauces. I like to mix the mayo based sauce with the green sauce, so its a creamy, spicy mixture of awesome. Dip the chicken in that and it's all sparkles and rainbows from there. Having suggested King Chicken, let's just say the date went well and he's totally a keeper!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,8/3/2014,106,380,5,9,9>I am officially a fan of the hu tieu nam vang (the noodle soup)! It's so good and different from other pho's. There's lots of chicken meat, a slice of liver, and even a shrimp in the dry noodle bowl, and it comes with the broth separately, for those who don't innately know this already, ie. the non-Vietnamese like yours truly. I add in the steamed bean sprouts, fresh lettuce, and crunchy garlic pieces and a generous squeeze of lemon. So refreshing! I'll reiterate what other yelpers are saying - the spring rolls are the best here! I like that they include mint leaves. Gives it that extra something special. This Thai tea is also one of the best I've had in Houston. It's less sweet than other tea houses, which I like. Has more of a bold tea flavor. Loooove it aaalllll !! :)(I DID NOT enjoy their regular beef pho. The broth was strange.)
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,8/2/2014,33,124,6,11,7>Legit pizza by the slice!  Being from NY originally, I always struggle to find good pizza here in TX.  Fortunately, Slices and Ices opened down here in Clear Lake, and delivers on its promise of pizza by the slice.  They have a huge number of options of toppings (I just tend to stick with pretty basic orders, though).  The guy behind the counter was friendly as he took our orders - I got a slice of pepperoni and a slice of Grandmas (I think it was $2.50 each).  The pizza came out quickly and had a great crisp to it (although I might even ask for extra crispy next time).  The pepperoni was a great thin crust slice, had a good sauce to cheese ratio, and the dough had the right taste to it!  The Grandmas was also pretty awesome, but obviously was a little thicker crust and a different style.  Both were certainly worth getting - I'd love to see them do a thin crust margherita pizza as well as one of their options though!I haven't tried any of the ices, but that's on my list.  A friend got a calzone, and the thing was huge.  Between the slice of pizza and the calzone that he got, I think he had trouble finishing everything.  The calzone got good reviews!This is a refreshing new place on Bay Area, and I hope that a business model of pizza by the slice can survive up there in the long term, because their pizza is the real deal!  It would be nice for them to be open a little later for a late night slice of pizza, but that's a tough business case in Clear Lake.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,8/1/2014,355,359,15,15,14>So, I finally got around to trying out Agora.  I wonder if the mere name was freaking me out...I mean, I have SLIGHT agoraphobia, but it's really more along the lines of misanthropy.  So, I walked in early on a Monday morning, hoping for parking in their tiny lot, and found it! This was WIN #1.  I hate looking around for parking, having to speak with people or having to interact more than I wish to (see: misanthropic agoraphobia).  After happily finding parking, I walked right on up to the counter and noticed their special Pumpkin Spice Latte. This was tempting, but did they have non-dairy milk? I asked for soy, and the lovely man responded with "of course.." with a smile. WIN #2!!And, as my coffee was being made, I looked at their glass case of tasty treats, and thought to myself, "no, I don't need a treat, I just had breakfast..." but, alas, something called out to me...a macaron! There were three different kinds of macarons, after gaping at them for what felt like two eternities and controlling the pool of drool in my lower jaw, my coffee was ready, "would there be anything else for you?" he said with a smile. I politely asked which flavors of macarons were available - I was told: pistachio, champagne, birthday cake, and coconut.  Yes, it was 9:30 a.m, so no champagne  -  - I drew the line at morning alcoholic desserts (all three of those words barely belong together!).  I opted for a birthday cake macaron, found a seat, and began my delightful morning.  WIN #3 (macaron) and #4 (found a spot to sit so easily).  And, to further appease my particularities of people, places, and things (yes, that is a noun), the music was gentle yet not intrusive. And the people, at this hour, were polite yet not snobby, And, the gentleman in front of me was showing a sliver of his delightful blue RL knickers (WIN #5).  So, a great time was had at Agora with eye candy, good coffee, a great macaron, and more than acceptable interactions.  If you're a bit agoraphobic or even misanthropic, this is a great place to bury yourself on an early weekday morning.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,7/31/2014,137,409,5,9,8>Bigger menu selection for lunch and I'd be willing to go even higher with the stars. We're big Funky Chicken fans and my son had his eye on this place. Looked at the menu and figured out what type of place this was (emphasis on fine, not diner) and so I came here with a girlfriend instead of a date with my kiddo. Good approach.Great, easy location (omg, an eatery with parking - go on!) and I love the decor. Funky Chicken has a cool decor, but this decor is another level of finery. We found ourselves really taking in the touches like the plaid, the iron, brick and the super interesting lighting (like a tree branch with little bird houses or something). Sounds silly to go on and on about, but all that to say this is no strip center cookie cutter set-up.Staff was great, food was good. Menu is very limited and I'm fine with the prices (take your head out of a strip center and think about the prices of places like BRC, J. Blacks, Federal and the prices make sense in that context - not if you're expecting Which Wich or Chipotle).  Wider menu, and I'll be here more and more often. Definitely want to check out dinner and brunch. I have to say that the fish and chips were a hit - great fries (super fresh) and the fish reminded me of a light tempura than a heavy fried fish. And the Dark Chocolate Banana Cake was divine - so, so good. I didn't find sizing to be an issue, but I don't eat a huge lunch. I will look forward to coming back and trying the other meals, but it is a date night or other adult meal - not for the family. And that's totally fine by me!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,7/30/2014,543,497,33,41,38>Did this place say Louisiana style treats?!?  It surely did! Let me be the judge of that!What a pleasant surprise that came across me on Twitter.  I am now followed by this person...Dee...and she makes treats...my interest is definitely peaked.  Let's send a message to this person.  I am certain that "Dee" follows me because of all my "Who Dat" ranting on my page.  They must be from Louisiana, so they must be good people!  Ha!Long story short, the owner of the business is from Baton Rouge, LA, the state capitol, and has a variety of goodies for you to partake in to indulge your sweet tooth.  My first question is going to be obviously, do you have pecan candy?  Pecan candy is pralines to those outside of New Orleans.  Just looking at her picture, it was obvious that she did have those treats, but she ensured me that it did not stop there.  She also told me that this is a home based business,  and that she delivers and travels to many places because she is getting requested often...GREAT SIGN!Seeing that she is based out of Humble, and I work in the area, I figured this was meant to be.  She told me to take a look at her Facebook page ( facebook.com/DeesLouisia ) for pictures of some of her edible works...and I obliged.  We hooked up a time for her to deliver me some goods to my job, and I anticipated her arrival my entire work day.A text message came across letting me know she would make it to me in 5 minutes, and she was there in 4 minutes.  I wanted to try her pralines, so I ordered original flavor, coconut flavor and chocolate flavor.  I was also interested in trying some ooey gooey cake, because I don't eat it often.  Let me preface this by saying that being from New Orleans, I have tasted many pralines.  Dee can hang with the big boys.  My mother, wife and mother-in-law all knows the exact flavor that I like my candy, so I am spoiled in those regards.  Because all 3 of those ladies are really busy, Dee comes in handy when I want some treats, and don't want to feel guilty about taking away some of their free/rest time!Dee is good enough to whereas she will get my business.  I actually was nice enough to share some with my coworkers and they ranted and raved over the chocolate flavored praline, which I have yet to try.  So far I am rolling with the original.  The ooey gooey cake was wonderful!  If you never had it before, then just get you a piece.I can talk about this cool individual all day and her cooking, but I will not.  Just know that she is friendly, and you more than likely can work out a meeting spot for delivery of the goods.  She is getting a 5 star review based on flavor and sure volume of goods available.  I am not certain, but I am think she told me the more you order, the lower the price become for your goods.  Double check that with her.  She still has cakes and pies I have not tried...yet...but the future definitely will hold that for me.  Give her a call and/or hit her up on Facebook and let your tongue get to know her! I see on her Facebook page that she does ship her goods!
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,7/29/2014,121,314,6,13,10>I drive by this place every day on my way to work and I finally stopped in.The meat counter is all the way in the back and it goes pretty much wall to wall. There were 4-5 people helping customers. I missed the number machine towards the right so I was standing there for a bit not knowing what to do. I asked one of the ladies on the floor and she walked behind the counter to help me out.If you are a fan of sausage this is your spot. There is all sorts of smoked sausages: pork, beef, gator, possum (OK, not the last one) .  They have great selection and the prices are actually very reasonable.I ended up buying some pork steaks and jalapeno boudin. Everything was of great quality and the boudin was awesome. I also grabbed some cracklins as an impulse purchase and those were damn tasty. They also have a little market for any last minute items but from where I can see it's definitely pricier than what you would get at the grocery store.  I'm happy to have a place like this so close to my house. Support your local businesses!
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,7/28/2014,684,269,5,12,8>Had a great time at the Grand opening! Great atmosphere and set-up for this family-owned well planned out, brewery on six wooded acres. We loaded the dog into the car and took I-45 north to Texas 105. Not far off the highway, we turned into a wooded setting where the owners father, was in a golf cart directing cars to parking spots under the oak trees. Helming the ticket booth was the brewers' mother. All four family members are partners in B-52.The brewery setting is park like, and many of the folks who came out used the area to play with their dogs and/or their kids. There were also ping pong and other games, and an acoustic band played several sets. The owner says food trucks and movie nights will become a feature in the future. There's even talk of a campout once the weather cools off again.We settled into a shaded picnic table and struck up a nice, long conversation with a couple from Montgomery. They know beer well, and we discussed, with a shared gratitude, the rapidly growing number of options available here.The B-52 beers are well worth bringing home. The Payload pilsner and Wingman wheat India pale ale seem particularly suited for the warm days ahead. Both are refreshing and nicely balanced, and at less than 6 percent alcohol by volume they are less likely to sneak up on you like many of the craft beers on the market.The more adventurous will enjoy the robust and flavorful rye saison, a Belgian-style ale that is one-and-a-half times stronger than the other two.Will be back and bring friends. Great beer!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,7/27/2014,84,87,7,13,9>Late Sunday night I got a text from my best guy friend, who'd had a hot date earlier that evening that he really wanted to impress."I took her to Pondicheri; you'd be proud," he said.So I guess I've talked about my newest restaurant obsession a lot recently. But considering that my BGF is about as opposed to Indian food as I am to rotten milk, I was floored. "WTF?! How many stars?" I asked. "4.5," he answered. "They were patient and took time to explain everything to me. Food was fiery but really good. We're going back."And that about sums it up.Pondicheri, little sister to Indika, is modern Indian done flawlessly. Don't walk in expecting a traditional Indian experience. Their dishes, much like their decor, are creative and edgy. Meticulous care and quality ingredients go into their recipes. Food this good doesn't happen by accident.The goat samosas dipped in cool yogurt sauce are so delicious that I find myself staring at them. I literally turn them around and analyze them with each bite I take because it's hard to believe that anything could be so perfect. The butter chicken salad with warm goat cheese and crispy toasted lentils is hands down the best salad I've ever had; no kidding. And if you order the butter chicken, get a side of garlic naan. Absolute heaven. There's nothing lacking at Pondicheri. In fact, I'm tempted to go back and downgrade some of my other 5-star reviews to 4 stars. It's like a culinary adventure every time...it almost makes Indika feel boring.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,7/26/2014,125,603,9,13,12>Did you happen to just walk out of certain other crawfish places because they are too crowded and/or they want $8.99 for a lb of crawfish?  Well I think I found a gold mine here.  Last I inquired it was $5.99 a lb, that is not a typo folks, $5.99, you have penny?!You get to pick from spicy garlic or regular non spicy.  The only drawback is I do not believe they purge their crawfish so you get that nasty mud taste one in every lb if you are that unlucky.  They are pretty good size too, not gigantic but you won't be disappointed.Parking is ample, there are lots of businesses around and even though it's on an end cap there still is space around for parking comfort.Service, you will bump into one of the most nicest Asian couples that you have ever encountered.  They have lots of patience judging by me sitting there eating and watching asking for everything from A to Z and then some constantly. You know what I wish they had in EVERY restaurant and I love here? A sink outside of the restrooms!   You know what I am talking about, you wash your hands to turn around and find out some restrooms only have those hand dryers and you have to open the door with your hand or wait hopefully somebody from the other side is walking in.  Big plus in my book plus you get to show off to everybody "Look, I'm only one of the 5% clientele that ever washes their hands in an eating establishment!"Another main special is the 30 medium count fried shrimp for $12.  It is well worth it and served with your choice of fries or fried rice.There are many other goodies for your consuming pleasure here as well.  The list goes on from fried fish, oysters, shrimp of course, po boys, boiled shrimp, boiled blue crab (the lady will tell you crap but she means crab) and much much more.  Also and big plus is their tarter sauce! You would swear it's  home made but I suspect they use a quality tarter sauce to begin with and add maybe an ingredient or two.  Got dill?Prices here are very reasonable and you will be hard pressed to find anything cheaper.Cleanliness is above average for an Asian place.One tip I must let you know is that they do not have "cajun fries" even though all it is is regular fries with the cajun spice that is sitting right there on the table.  "Yea you, pick me pick me, shake shake shake".  They can easily add "cajun fries" on the menu, making an extra buck and just shake the spice in the back but I guess nobody has told them yet.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,7/25/2014,93,430,8,16,12>Almost every day this place has been under construction, I have driven through the parking lot to see if it's open yet. I watched them figure out how to get a bus chassis into the building. I've sat outside under the tent with the bus in the parking lot happily eating my burger, until today...Roll call, kiddies. Bernie's is open for business. For reals.And for something completely different: you don't order at a counter. You're served by friendly folks. A few days in, they're still learning how things need to work, but even with a full house I had time for a burger and a milkshake and a few minutes to read before my lunch hour was up. Solo diners will probably find themselves like me at the bar, at least until the rush dies down. Assuming that the rush does taper off... these are some fine burgers so the demand could continue.Some new things you'll notice on the menu are the option to add ground lamb to your burger or get a chicken patty. Otherwise, the menu is not much different from the trucks. Also, don't miss the milkshakes on the back page of the menu - mine was delicious and I highly recommend one. There's seating both inside and out; they added a covered patio along the side.Bring your office, bring your family, bring your kids. School is in session, and this burger bus passes with flying colors.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,7/24/2014,195,262,11,15,13>This may be a month later but the near three days I spent at Memorial Hermann-Woodlands I will forever have ingrained in my mind, not because of overly terrible experiences or overly awesome experiences, but because its the birth place of my son, my first child, and that in itself is something as a new mom I know I'll never forget. I arrived for my scheduled day at 5:30 as specified. Upon arrival I was told I was supposed to be in at 5 AM... oops someone messed up on my phone call memo. Needless to say I was greeted by friendly nurses and my room was ready and waiting for me. I took up residence for my labor process on the first floor family birthing wing. My room was spacious, couch that turned into a bed, rocking chair, armoire that had one side with hangers for clothes and the other side housed a small fridge and shelf, TV, extra blankets and pillows, and all the hospital necessities that I would be using, obviously the extra bells and whistles that were more hotel like were for daddy/overnight guest. Nurses - Loved my first two nurses, but let me state now nurses are like putting your hand in a mystery bag where its a 50/50. I had nurses that lacked experience, that were controlling, overbearing, and damn near working my unstable hormones. This is probably the one factor that after the first two stellar nurses was driving me out of the hospital. Food Service - Super friendly staff. It was hospital food and honestly I didn't expect much. Its your average bring back those memories of elementary school cafeteria food. Baby Low Jack - Yes your baby comes installed with a security system, after birth of course. Not going to lie at first I was a little "alarmed" myself but I totally understand the precautionary method. My son arrived after 6PM same day, longest waiting game ever, but the most amazing moment to date in my life.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,7/23/2014,152,257,11,14,11>My cell phone had been turning itself off, then trying to turn back on (no, it wasn't just tired from use), so hubby and I figured I had a bad battery. Looked on yelp and found this place, so decided to try it.It's super easy to find, but depending on which way you're coming, kinda hard to get to. But no worse than any other place at a busy intersection. The parking lot is tiny though; we have a bigger car now and the spaces are small, plus there's not a lot of room to maneuver. Luckily my hubby is a crack parker, as I am not. Yes. I perpetuate the stereotype of women being bad at parking cars. Sorry gals.So we go in and the place is small and kinda sparse. But the gal was super friendly and really helpful. She didn't have the OEM battery but found one that would work with a higher voltage, so hopefully will help my phone hold a charge longer....which is always nice! It was only $29.99 so that was a cheap fix. Although she said if the battery doesn't work, it's probably the motherboard which of course means a new phone. Ugh.Most of the accessories they have out are for iPhones, so I'm not really sure if they carry Android accessories; I have an Android and they had to go in back and find my battery.We did ask about fixing hubby's cracked phone screen (another Android) and she said it was $159 as you can't buy just the screen on his model, it had to be the screen and LCD combo. But still cheaper than a new phone, so that might be an option in the future.All in all, I was impressed with the place and the service and wouldn't hesitate to take my phone back in for whatever reason. I'm definitely a fan!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,7/22/2014,152,105,10,11,10>This has been my favorite bar so far in Houston, although I've only visited about ten. It has a lot of character and its not divey at all but not too swanky or upscale. It's for people who just want to hang out with their buddies or meet new people in a nice clean environment. It's also part sports bar because downstairs there are a few TVs that all the men were gawking at all night.     I went outside on the patio which I thoroughly enjoyed but also spent some time inside at the bar and later in the booth areas (I like to move around). The service was quick and efficient but the place wasn't fully packed either, maybe 60% capacity. I definitely love their whiskey selection and I tried some raspberry or pomegranate cocktail and the 'el fuego piña' and both were pretty good. Decent prices also.    Lastly, and most importantly, I was really feeling the music!! No it's not a dance club, but I love music and love to dance and their selection was on point. Haven't tried the food yet but I'll be back because this is a really chill spot to just relax with your girls, or guys.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,7/21/2014,289,404,7,14,9>BLONDES OF HOUSTON REJOICE! As a fair-skinned, light-eyed, (lazy) blonde woman, I love the way mascara looks on my blonde (practically invisible) eyelashes. But I don't like taking the time to apply it daily, poking myself in the eye, fighting with clumps or having to wash that gunk off. When I read about lash tinting for $15 at Chic Lash Boutique, I was INTRIGUED. I was a little skeptical because I read online that some women experience allergic reactions to the dye, but I have never had allergies to anything, so I decided to give this a shot. Chic Lash Boutique has the best reviews in Houston for this service, and I wanted the best. Plus, at $15 for lash tinting, the price is MORE than reasonable. I think the before and after photo I posted speaks for itself, but my lashes look and feel amazing. I think lash tinting made a really a dramatic difference on me. The girl who did my service was so sweet and gentle with me. I laid on a comfy bed with neck pillow during the process and was put at ease with soothing music and serene decor. I did experience a little bit of burning at the end when she was wiping off the dye, but nothing major. She used a mini fan to cool down my eyes when I said I was feeling some sensitivity. I've had facials, massages, manis, pedis, expensive hair cuts, teeth whitening and probably a few other cosmetic services, and I can honestly say that for the price ($15) and for the time (15-20 minutes) and for the results achieved, that this is the best beauty service I have ever invested in. I'll definitely be back when my lashes need a re-tint!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,7/20/2014,251,713,13,15,14>Best food ever!  Okay.  Okay.  One of my top five best places to get food!Why?  [Sideways glance for your impertinence and for me acquiescing to explain myself.]The crepes are made fresh.  In front of your face.  Well, all of you, not just your face.The fillings are made fresh, too.  Well, or they're raw.  But the special is what you want to get anyway.  The filling is made ahead of time, but just the night before.  If any Indian food is listed, get that.  If ratatouille is offered get that.  Eff it.  Just...go with the special. Always, always, always get an egg added.  Always.  It's a worthwhile dollar extra.Bring exact change and be prepared to wait.  You will be entertained for your trouble, so don't sweat it.  It's worth the wait.  Oh, and if you realize you only have a card, don't sweat that either, he accepts charges, but it slows the process down a tad.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,7/19/2014,173,170,7,13,9>This is one of those drive thru/auto wash joints. I come here to get my baby all cleaned up. This is one of the better drive thru washes because it actually gets your car clean. And I ran into fellow Yelper Eddie S. here! You can pay w/ either cash or card. If you like to keep your car spotless, you can pay for unlimited washes per month & the prices are really good. There's usually a couple guys attending to the kiosk if you need help with anything. Once you pay, there's somebody there to give your car a quick pre-wash, including the tires. I've noticed the dryer on this thing actually does a good job & the wheel/tire cleaner used actually lasts for about a week.Another great bonus is the free vacuuming! Love this because I can never put just the right amount of quarters in & end up wasting money.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,7/18/2014,60,168,12,10,11>Have no shame?  Feel comfortable in your own skin?  Are you willing to make a fool out of yourself?  Are you tone deaf?  Do people call you a songbird when you're really not?  If you said "yes" to any or all of these questions, come to Dding Ga Dding Ga.  With their private rooms, you don't have to worry about feeling awkward or deal with the judgment of random strangers as they hear you attempt to sing one of Mariah Carey's ballads. You just have to deal with the comments that your friends make! Chances are they will say you did a stellar job when you really didn't, but who cares??? It's all about having fun!In my opinion, most Korean owned karaoke joints are the same.  Every room has dual mics, two song books with a variety of Asian to American songs, an oversized table, tambourines, a disco light, and a control pad with buttons written in Korean.  Don't worry, if you can't read the remote, just press random buttons until you get what you want.  It worked for me.  However, I can't guarantee the same for you.  Lol.  The rate is about $20/hour for an entire room which is pretty cheap.  You can also purchase drinks and food for your party.This particular karaoke joint is small, so be sure to call in advance if you have a large group.  The rooms tend to get packed pretty quickly, especially on the weekends.  I believe they only have 6-8 private rooms.On a side note:  if you get cold very easily, I would highly recommend for you to bring a sweater.  It gets pretty chilly.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,7/17/2014,200,348,9,11,8>Winston's is not your typical weekend brunch spot where you and the girls dress up and wait over an hour for food. This is a bar that serves up a pretty decent brunch. Almost all the seating is outdoors: picnic benches and a covered bar area that is open to the outside).My friend and I came around 1 PM, wasn't too crowded. We plopped down at the bar and were immediate approached by the bartender. They are very attentive and checked up on us throughout and after our meal when we were just chatting.We split the French toast + wings and steak (ribeye) + eggs. Both were good, but I want to remind you again, this is not your typical fancy brunch plates. The steak was surprisingly juice and flavorful. Eggs and French toast were pretty standard. The chicken wings could use some salt.PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT: If you love mimosas but always wished there was more, get the "man-mosa" aka mimosa disguised in a BEER GLASS. How awesome is that. Guys, fear no more! You no longer have to be embarrassed about ordering a "girly" drink. (By the way, check in for a free one!)Winston's is also dog friendly. That's +100000000 in my book. I didn't bring my dog this time since I wanted to scope it out. Definitely will bring her next time, along with my boyfriend who would love a man-mosa (hehe called out).Parking can be a struggle. There are about 7 or so metered parking spots right in front. You can find additional parking on the streets in the nearby neighborhood (usually free).
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,7/16/2014,128,244,9,17,11>So many Yelpers bragging about this place almost daily I read from "Nearby Feed" feature on the Yelp app. With the constructions on Bellaire, I got very discouraged to come down this way. But one day, I decided to go against all odds to pay them a visit.The menu was small but my appetite was not. That means I'll be back to try them all. The dishes are reasonably priced. I was looking at their generous portions, no wonder some Yelpers called it cheap place to eat. I could see they ran out of room to display their meat buns, veggie buns, steamed breads, pan-fried buns and so many foods made from flour (Mian Shi). Next to the counter, I could find some side dishes on plates and in small containers. Since it took longer time on the made-to-order dumplings, I ordered a side dish while I waited. I was very surprised about the dumplings could be in soup with bok choy and preserved mustard at no additional cost.I plowed my face into this delicious food and never lifted my head, I heard the cashier greeted a constant flow of customers and sounded like she knew everyone. That was a good sign. Then, it got quiet. I looked up and saw, wow, half of dining area was already filled. It was not dinner time yet.Since there is no wait service, just order the food, grab some utensils and find your own seat - no guilt on tipping afterward. But I did see the tip jar by the cash register was full. So, I followed suit.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,7/15/2014,71,64,12,16,14>I've been coming to Jasmine Nails regularly for the past few months and it's been nothing but great. It's no secret that my one stop shop for mani/pedi combos has been LaTique in Clear Lake for the past two years. Although they do a fantastic job in an upscale spa-like retreat (complete with Mimosas and neck wraps... tickle me pink!),LaTique is very pricey. The luxurious experience comes at a cost upwards of $80 - 100 per visit. I'm a regular in the West U area on the weekends and stumbled across this hidden gem. Upon entering it's obvious to see that this is a no frills nail shop that is simple but very clean. After having a heavenly deluxe pedicure (includes sea salt scrub, rose petals, hot stone treatment, and paraffin wax) plus shellac manicure for $50 total I resolved that the luxury aspect is not as important as I had originally thought! The important thing here, ladies and gents, is the quality of the work these ladies do. Ann has done my nails twice. The first time she did a full set for me that was so natural looking I couldn't convince people those were not my nails. Heck, she had me believing those beautiful healthy tips were genetics! The second time, which was today, she gave me a shellac manicure that is to die for! She is extremely detail oriented and patient but works very fast. She's not big on the small talk but I'm totally fine with that since I'm there to be pampered and to relax. Linh did my pedicure again today and I swear that woman's hands are magic. Her massages and the work she does put me in such a relaxed state that I've caught myself borderline snoring and drooling. I have to give an honorable mention to Yvonne and Tiffany. They are very precise, detail oriented, and have delicate touches. You can't go wrong with either one of them. One of the best things about the ladies here is that they understand that time is money. In other words, they will get you out fast, but will not sacrifice quality to do so.I do have to mention that this place is packed on Saturdays. There is no "best" time to come in. The best thing to do is to call ahead (same day also) and reserve your spot with a technician. I've done walk-ins and although they welcome it, they do encourage you to call ahead to minimize your wait time. This place gets the job done and makes sure you're satisfied with their work, and it's because of this you should stop by and let them pamper you :)
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,7/14/2014,229,174,17,25,22>Over the past year I've been trying to find the best Sunday brunch buffet in Houston. From the one in a Westchase hotel, to the one in Riveroaks that overlooks the Riveroaks theater(which to me is the worst and most expensive out of my findings) this maybe the best one so far, even better than the one that resembles a fancy luxury vehicle.We were actually on our way to Barnaby's for brunch yesterday and I changed my mind halfway there, as I thought that I must knock off a bookmark and try something new today. Well, this time I got it right! Now I'm not really one who has to have all the over the top atmosphere, I mean, I've never said, "damn! I'm hungry for some great service and scenery!" Anyways, this place is actually pretty nice inside and has great Mexican food to go with it!! Oh wait, Mexican food not Tex-Mex, so don't come here looking for Chuy's type of crap! Now the Sunday brunch buffet cost $29 and features a broad array of Mexican cuisine. I made my first plate with just random items like chile relleno, shrimp enchiladas.migas, guacamole, and shrimp tamales. Every item on my plate tasted great! They actually tasted like someone actually cared about what they were cooking, which is strange in these times of "take your money and get out" businesses. I got to more plates of other items and each tasted consistently delicious. Finished off the brunch with a dessert plate which I tried to put one of everything on it, Ha! All my desserts were awesome, but the tres leches was exceptional!! Now this was perhaps the best tres leches that I've had!! Oh yeah and that one place in Riveroaks tres leches wasn't good no matter what you try to tell me!Now I just got to return for a dinner because I definitely want to eat those popular chapulines that everybody raves about!
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,7/13/2014,76,310,4,14,8>If you like beer and want to do something besides the same ol' beer garden, marked up craft beer and snobby hipster bartender you must come here!!Come for a beer tour and plop down $8. You'll get the tour and some beers and a souvenir glass. That's Mon thru Fri with the taps open 2:30 to 4:15PM and the tour at 3:30PM. It's a great cheap adventure for out of town guests who you are trying to find cool stuff to do in the Houston heat!Want some lunch? You can sample the beers and enjoy some great food.  Lunch served Monday - Friday, 11:00 AM to 1:15 PM. They do have a limited lunch menu and it changes daily, so check the website. Saturday is the same $8 and also includes tour & souvenir glass. They admit guests between 11:00 AM and 2:00 PM and the tours are at Noon, 1:00 PM, 2:00 PM. You don't need reservations but on the weekends the tours can be pretty crowded.They will let you bring your kids but if they are 15 or older they have to pay for the tour. And they have a fantastic root beer on tap for them in the beer hall.But here's the deal: For your $8 you get 4 little chips for 4 different beers from the taps in the large beer hall. They usually have available their seasonal beers and special brews like Icon - which can be hard to find in stores at times - and their usual suspects like Lawnmower and Weedwacker. I have never had a bad St Arnold beer. Of course your taste and mine may be different. So I won't recommend one more than other. But try the seasonal and the special brews. I mean you are there and can get them, why not? If you already have your St Arnold glasses don't forget to bring them so you get a bigger pour than you might get in their little plastic cups!You can bring your own food or order pizza delivery. Bring a board game, some cards and a bunch or friends and spend the day. The beer hall is huge with long community tables and a nice view of the beer vats. If you keep your 6 pack carriers from the St Arnold beer you buy at the store you can bring them back for recycling and get some cool swag. They have a parking lot at the northwest corner of the brewery as well as street parking.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,7/12/2014,130,201,5,12,10>Al Aseel hasn't been around for long but they are certainly making their mark in the Middle Eastern cousine family of Houston and giving certain places a run for their money.      I have been eating here for a little over 2 years now and honestly i was ecstatic to find a Middle Eastern restaurant this close to home. Not to say that Shawarma King is much farther, but i can't justify the longer drive cuz Al Aseel gives me what i need!     I absolutely love their beef kabobs ( in the middle eastern standard. For Persian its Bijan). And also the boneless chicken skewers. They also have (ala carte) this yogurt based dressing with cucumber and cilantro that is super fresh and fragrant. And when you order the kabob and rice combo it also comes with a side of fresh veggie dice with a drizzle of lemon. kicks up the flavor of the rice to a whole new level when mixed in.      Since I've been back to Houston i saw that they added more to the patio and now got this whole hookah bar vibe going on and with those late hours; works for me! i absolutely love the apple+mango hookah!
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,7/10/2014,86,91,12,17,13>For me Houston never really had great bbq, that is until now! Is the wait in line worth it; yes. Should you get there well before opening time; yes! While some of my friends/family have had completely different experiences there my visit was perfect.  Beef ribs...each one can weight over a pound but incredibly delicious. Its tender, has a good amount of smoke to it, perfectly seared on the outside, and just packed with so much bbq goodness. My cuts of brisket were very lean and as a result a little drier but it was still tender. I would of much rather have the super fatty juicy cuts. But to echo the ribs, its still very flavorful. To complete the meal there was also bone-in pork belly which wasn't too fatty and was just right and of course some pork ribs which happened to be very tender that day. Had several sides too but lets be real, just taste a little and leave the rest of your appetite for the bbq.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,7/9/2014,109,483,10,16,16>I am quite honored to do this very first review. Especially since I am a newbie spinner who  was totally terrified about actually going to a spin class. Let me just tell you, this place..UUUH-MAZING!!! I signed up for their week of unlimited for $25 just to test out the waters. $25 is a pretty sweet deal for a whole week considering just 1 class is $22 alone. (each class is 45 minutes long)They have a super easy to navigate website that allows you to register and sign up on line for all of your classes. You can also pick which bike you are going to be using so if you are signing up with a friend you can assure that you will have a spot next to each other. That is assuming the class isn't 100% booked. The facility itself is gorgeous with a sleek bright interior. The staff is very friendly. The website states that all newbies arrive 15 minutes before so that you can get a quickie tour and they can explain how to get your bike set up. Your very first shoe rental is free, but at $2 a ride it isn't too shabby. You can also pay your shoe rental on line when you book your class. They have self serve lockers for everyone to use for FREE...yes free. You enter your combo stash your gear and get ready for class. I was taken in to the class room by a staff member who was really sweet I don't remember her name and she set me up on my bike and got me clipped in. Each bike has a fresh towel on the bars so you don't need to bring one with you. Our instructor Sydney is freaking awesome. She got done teaching a class literally 5 minutes before ours began and was all ready and pumped to go on our class. Once the class starts the lights go dim (AWESOME NO ONE CAN SEE HOW BAD I SUCK), the giant disco ball thing on the wall starts glowing and the music gets turned up. They had a pretty awesome play list. Sydney did an amazing job talking us through each set and being very encouraging. Each set is at a different intensity, but they tell you the ride is your own. They just suggest the settings so that you get the maximum benefit from your workout. At one point you get 1 lb hand weights out and do an arm exercises while still spinning. I really liked that because I felt like I was getting an intense total and complete workout. The seat did hurt my butt a little bit, but I am sure that once I acclimate it will be a lot better.  The last set you do a cool down and stretches. Sydney did a great job and I can't wait to take another one of her classes. Were each handed a wonderful cold towel infused with some delicious smelling  and refreshing essential oils to wipe off all of our sweat and cool down our hot faces. Bonus points for that! Over all I am absolutely IN LOVE with this place. I was so scared when I walked through the door and left feeling completely renewed, motivated and ready for more. It is a really intense experience but in a very good way. It was FUN and I was really able to just let myself get lost in the music. You just leave all your worries and troubles outside the room and once you are finished you emerge a better person. It was really emotional for me at one point because I really had to dig for all I had, and I actually did it. The music and dark makes it even sort of relaxing even as intense of a workout as it is. Everyone here is so nice and they make you feel welcome. I can't wait to go back. This is unlike anything I have ever done and I certainly see this becoming my newest obsession. I feel EMPOWERED!
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,7/8/2014,305,161,14,26,25>Proving that I moved away from the old hood far too prematurely, Sassafras is the newest jewel in the crown of the burgeoning greater GOOF (Garden Oaks/Oak Forest) nightlife scene.  However, this outpost is in the far Northwest corner of that area and couldn't be more needed.  Really, if you're west of Watonga, where the hell do you go?  The answer: Sassafras.  And thank your lucky stars.This bar is from the family tree that brought you nightlife luminaries like Big Star, Grand Prize, and practically every bar downtown.  These are great people that know their shit, are fast with the drink, and decided to call this corner of the world home.  My only concern is that it is way too nice.  Sconces, amazing furnished patio, and a bathroom that leaves little in the way of doubt and evokes no "oh hell no" feelings.  When I walked in, I saw other members of the fickle 500, and know that it won't be very long until this place registers on the radar of all the cool kids, hipsters, and associated tag-alongs.  Remember that no one was beating a path to 19th and Shepherd when Cedar Creek and Big Star opened; most people had never heard of Eastwood when Moon Tower opened; this is your chance to be on the bleeding edge.For some it's a hike, for others it's a new bastion, but for all it's a new blip on the radar to have a good drink from an experienced hand in good company.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,7/7/2014,189,289,12,17,12>Please note that my review is for the park itself and not the different food trucks that come out here to do business. Each individual food truck will get separate reviews after I've tried them, obviously.I didn't know they had a food park on this side of town. I know about the food truck park in East Downtown area, but I thought that was the only one. But then here I was, just driving North on Highway 6 and to my left,  I saw a whole bunch of food trucks!! Seriously, I saw the food trucks and I immediately made a very unsafe lane changes all the way from the right lane to the left lane just so I could bust a U-turn immediately. No human beings, or animals, or trash cans, or any other objects were hurt during the instance that I was using my Belly to think instead of my brain. Phew!!After I turned into the park, I noticed that this park was way bigger than the one in the downtown area. This park also has seating area so you can actually sit down and eat without having to bring your own folding table or chair (like I did at the downtown location). There were also a couple of porta potties if you need to go do your business. I didn't use them so I'm not sure whether or not they have soap or hand sanitizer for the customers. However, the food trucks should have some.Although there is limited seating at the dining area, there's plenty of space should you want to bring your own folding table and chairs. And also, there seems to be additional seating area behind the main office. At the time I was there, there weren't that many people eating (I was there around 1:30 pm so it was way past lunch time) so there were ample seating. The dining area also has umbrellas to cover you from the sun or rain should Houston's weather chooses to go crazy on you.At the time I was there, I think there were five or six food trucks. There was Bernie's Burger Bus, the Waffle Bus, Flip N' Patties, Cupcakes on the Stick, and a couple other food trucks that I didn't really pay attention to because I was in a rush (this was, after all, an unplanned stop.) There was, however, a lot more space for more food trucks, The lot (all 3.5 acres of it) should be able to hold 20 food trucks at any one time with no problem and still have plenty of parking space!! That's how big it is.Now, if you're planning on dropping in, check out their Facebook page to know what food trucks are going to be out there. I was told that the schedule is updated nightly. Or early morning at the latest if there were some late cancellations from the vendors. All in all, this is a great place to go and try different food trucks. This is especially good for people who are living more on the West side so they don't have to drive all the way to Downtown to experience a food truck park. Now we just need to have more people know about the park so more vendors would camp out here more and this could potentially be one of the best hang out places in the Houston area!
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,7/6/2014,77,534,7,15,10>This food truck finally got a brick and mortar place.  Taking the spot that was the Big Mamou, which had its problems, namely kitchen times, and apparently managing a business.  Though the food was always top notch.  I was sad to see it go.  Anyway, this is exactly the type of place I was hoping would take over the spot.  Gooddog has always had a great reputation, and with good reason.  The unique, made to order beef and pork dog and completely home made condiments are great.  As they were with the truck.  You can't say enough about homemade everything, that includes pickled peppers, dill slices, homemade relish and sauerkraut, and cheeses from Houston Dairy Maids.  Right now, my favorite is the Chi-Town Dog.  Everything is great though, which gives Happy Faz's some competition.  For me, service was a bit awkward at first.  I did not know if I needed to take a seat, or order at the counter.  Well, it is counter service.  Which is fine, I  was just standing around like an idiot cause I did not know where to go at first.  Though, once i get past that, service is knowledgeable and friendly.  Kitchen times are very good as well.I have not mentioned anything about the atmosphere yet.  Well, like Big Mamou, a perfectly laid back and charming spot in an old bungalow.  Two great outdoor areas, that are as good as any in the Heights. A small bar with 6 or so Texas breweries on tap.  A few more really good options in bottles.  Like Prairie Artisan and Founders.  A couple of wines, and the lavender lemonade is amazeballs.An amazing place that fits perfectly with the neighborhood.  I am so glad they settled in this spot.  I will be here often.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,7/5/2014,320,247,7,13,10>This review is for their BBQ section only.As you enter the restaurant, you have the option to dine in the restaurant or go to the BBQ takeout section.  The BBQ section only takes cash, and the are usually busy because their food is so good!  You know how you see the hanging ducks and chickens in NYC's and SF's Chinatown?  This is what you will see.  There are red glistening roasted ducks and crispy pork on display.  They also have really good Free Range Steamed Hen (it's not on display because it is served cold.Whenever I head to NOLA to visit family, my dad always requests for me to bring 2 hens back to NOLA.  You have the option of having them chop it for you or you can purchase it whole...price is the same no matter what option you choose.Other reviews are pretty clear on the dine in/restaurant side so you can use those reviews as reference for the dine in experience. I have tried other places that make roast duck and crispy pork but it never compares to Sinh Sinh.  This is my go to place for Chinese BBQ.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,7/4/2014,251,161,19,20,16>Do you like getting ripped off? I don't like getting ripped off. Oh, you don't either? Then why do you continue to shop anywhere else but Arne's for party supplies?Cause you're a fool.That's why.Arne's is the one stop shop for any party need you may have. I enjoy convenience, time saving methods and saving buckets of cash. Thanks Arne's, you facilitate my desire to throw a party where the oohhhs and aaahhs resonate while I stand on top of my imaginary hill, with my staff held high in the air and cape whipping behind me in the wind. Where did I get the staff and cape? Arne's.As a small example of the money you save, for my daughters birthday we had a Zoo party with pink and zebra theme. The Houston Zoo is proudly sponsered by Arne's but wanted to charge me over $100 bucks for decorations. I have a vehicle, two legs, and two hands and decided I could do it my self. I got the same decorations, plus goodie bags, candy and toys for under $30. Suck it Zoo. Yes, I think I will be getting a cape in a nice shade of blue.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,7/3/2014,63,98,15,21,18>Do you want me to lei it on you? Do you want the lei low-down? Do you want me to lei off the lei puns? As you wish. I was anxiously awaiting the opening of this bar. The buzz was thick and as a cousin to D&T I knew I wanted to check it out quickly after opening. I would drive down N. Main with my eyes peeled searching the horizon for the beacon of rum and...I could not find it. Could not see where on earth a Tiki bar was supposed to be located at this address? It isn't just hard to find, it is darn near impossible to find. We had to call and chat it up with one of the sweet bartenders. As it turns out, it is in a tucked away in the corner of the strip center with the Stop at Joe's convenience store, which incidentally could be an amazing stroke of luck as rum gives me the munchies and this bar is without. There is no sign, although the Tiki mural should give it away. The signage is lacking, but  there is a small neon word over the door telling you everything you need to know: Rum. My group of six grabbed the semicircle booth near the back of the dimly lit room. We then ordered just about every drink on the menu or at least it felt that way. We shared and sampled many of the delights. My favorites were the Shipwrecked which featured buttered rum and a slushy type that was sweet, but not too sweet. The drinks also came with the four F's of garnish: foliage, fruit, flowers, and FIRE. The presentation of most of the drinks in itself was worth the visit. Very fun, very unique, very worth another visit. I hope I didn't lei it on too thick and you don't lei into me about all the lei puns.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,7/2/2014,75,11,16,23,19>Let me start off by saying I think I've been to this location when it was a Moroccan restaurant before  -- Glad this building is keeping up with its ethnic heritage lol..I walked up to the all gray building with a little hesitation... No windows, door painted shut on the outside.... Where were all the rose petals promised in the pictures?!I had made and Open table reservation and they gave me a cute little name card that I would totally recommend for any guy trying to impress his lady or vice versa (photo inserted.) The restaurant was completely empty and they sat me in a corner but no big deal my waitress was AMAZING. I remember telling her I loved her a few times bless her heart..Moving on, the Wednesday special was $2 cosmopolitans heyy!! I only ordered one though, regardless of the Tito's upgrade it was still a little too sweet/Hawaiian Punch flavored for me. Up next I ordered the vegetable samosas - I am not kidding when I say those samsosas were DELICIOUS the chutney (dipping sauce) on the side was so good I picked up the spoon and it went directly in my mouth, no time to waste pouring it as a garnish on my plate. After samosas we dove straight in to the pizzas, we ordered "Thai- Chicken Flatbread Thai spicy ground chicken w/Mozzarella and tomato chutney {16}" I really liked it! Looking back it seems a little pricey for a flatbread that only had Thai chicken and cheese but the flavors were good and I was super satisfied. After pizza my friend and I ordered the "5 - Spiced StripNew York Strip pan-seared in our house blend of masala spice topped w/ chimichurri {18}" and this is where things started to change. The person that took our order (not my nice blonde waitress, Tori) didn't really ask what temperature we wanted the steak cooked but it came out pink-y in the middle and sliced in an angle with chimichurri sauce.... That's really as far as I can go with details on this because steak with chimichurri is steak with chimichurri. I think we left a few pieces on the plate because we wanted to order something else and be more adventurous. I can say that if you have friends that don't really like Indian food/curry etc then this is what they should order!"Chicken Curry -Spicy cream and tomato based curry with bell peppers {13}" That came next, I really hate to give a review on this because my waitress said it was not ground meat and that it was regular sliced chicken but I just have to disagree. My chicken was in some sort of a round shape and when I cut it open there were some sort of honeycomb looking chambers in it? I left it and I ate the bell peppers in curry with rice because the flavor in that was aaamaazinggg. I would recommend but maybe ask first if you are weird about chicken like me haha (my friend took it home without hesitation for work the next day, no big deal.)You wouldn't believe it honestly but after the chicken curry I was still left with cravings for more vegetable samosas, that I forgot to insert earlier... "Samosa stuffed house pastryserved with an apple cilantro chutney veg {9}." Lord have mercy, the apple cilantro chutney it was so good!! We ordered them and of course nothing was left on the plate. Overall I would come again... A little disappointed with the romantic effect all the pictures on Yelp provided... The only romantic thing that happened was I told my waitress I loved her hahaha. No big deal, I would return if anything at least for the samosas (and the chutney!)
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,7/1/2014,556,161,22,18,13>food-so-goot-xin-jiang-has-proven-to-me-that-any-food-not-impaled-by-a-stick-is-inferior-food-skewered-bbqd-beef-lamb-chicken-hearts-fish-needle-mushrooms-and-even-skewered-whatthefckisthat-and-the-kicker-its-all-damn-good-id-let-them-stick-me-any-daysitting-in-with-a-couple-asians-and-a-white-ish-guy-we-ordered-2-or-3-of-just-about-every-skewer-on-the-menu-that-was-available-that-day-honorable-mentions-include-the-squid-beef-tenders-lamb-chicken-hearts-and-the-steam-bread-although-each-one-seemed-to-share-the-same-bbq-seasoning-every-item-held-its-own-with-most-skewers-being-under-2-or-3-there-is-no-reason-you-shouldnt-try-every-damn-skewer-to-you-cheap-money-grubbing-gluttons-stop-complaining-about-the-small-portions-of-meat-and-eat-more-riceaside-from-the-scrumptious-skewers-the-big-plate-chicken-served-in-a-bowl-is-mightily-tasty-as-well-pieces-of-bone-in-chicken-and-potatoes-bathing-in-a-spicy-sauce-just-like-mom-used-to-make-if-your-mom-is-an-old-chinese-woman-with-bad-ass-kitchen-skills-word-of-warning-about-the-sauce-dont-let-that-sht-get-in-your-eye-dont-let-your-friend-get-it-in-your-eye-dont-touch-the-sauce-then-touch-your-eye-just-dont-i-made-the-mistake-of-staring-dreamily-into-the-bowl-and-that-hoe-got-me-like-the-eye-of-sauronluckily-xin-jiang-is-byob-so-i-was-quickly-appeased-with-an-offering-of-beer-and-more-skewered-meat-even-with-impaired-vision-i-was-still-able-to-see-the-most-wonderful-40-bill-sitting-at-our-table-thats-10-per-satisfied-customer-including-two-sodas-a-cheap-deliciously-out-of-the-ordinary-chinese-restaurant-that-isnt-overrun-by-asian-yelpers-yet-i-normally-wouldnt-say-this-about-anything-chinese-but-i-dont-see-any-need-to-look-for-the-stick-anywhere-else
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,6/30/2014,319,181,22,25,23>This place just opened up a few months ago and already the area is loving it. The strip center it's located in is old, but they have completely changed the front to this place. It's a non smoking saloon with all wood everything on the inside. THIS PLACE IS HUGE! It has one of the biggest dance floors I've seen and they have 3 bars and a VIP area. Very nice inside.The music selection runs from Country to Rock to R&B to HipHop. You will hear something here that you like. They have a stage setup for a live band as well as a DJ area. I went on a Saturday night and a DJ was there with some excellent sounds. The drinks are not at all watered down but do not expect anything frozen. This is going to be needed in Margarita Houston. Cypress has been needing a good dancing spot and Masones is the answer for it. The only concern I have is that it has absolutely no windows and I didn't see any security on the outside. They only allow smoking outside on a rather meager patio so the people hanging outside is set completely apart from the crowd inside. When I was leaving there was a bunch of stranger sitting on my truck. WTH?! Add some security on the outside to keep an eye on the crowd and the guest vehicles!  An extra star awaits you for that and some frozen drink options. Ask for Jordan or Ale as the bartender. These guys care that you are completely satisfied with your drink.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,6/29/2014,170,283,6,9,9>Thank you to my friend JuJu for referring me to  the white salon!I lost contact with my previous stylist & been on a hunt for a new stylist  for my hair. This salon is located in midtown & thank goodness they have their own parking lot!I love the ambience, decor & the diversity of the staff in this salon. It's not like Toni & Guy where everyone looks like a minion. Atalia was my stylist who chopped  off my hair to donate. She carefully packaged my pony tail.  I have to admit I was not feeling my hair much when I got home bc it was shorter than I expected. I haven't had short hair in awhile & wasn't use to ít.  I'm glad she put her skills in bc after playing with my bob I fell in love with. I received many compliments. For some reason when I think of the name Atalia, Mortal Kombat crosses my mind. I'd imagined her as one of the fighters from from the game.I was so wrong! Atalia was such a sweetheart! She gave me lots of tips on how to maintain the bob.I believe Jimmy was his name. He shampoo & blow dry my hair. His head massage was awesome! I may frugal but never for my hair. I went frugal once & I cried like a baby when my hair cut was a disaster. You seriously pay for what you get. . This salon feels like home to me. I had this cough that wouldn't go away. Through out my whole process they made sure to keep me hydrated. I can't wait for my follow up
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,6/25/2014,198,358,4,13,8>So I thought I knew how to do decent makeup before, but Sheila really opened me up to so much more. She is so thorough and patient! I couldn't have asked for a better makeup lesson and recommend that every woman invest the money into a lesson with Sheila. First make sure you bring all your make up brushes. It doesn't have to be anything fancy because she will work with what you have. Second, make sure your camera is completely charged. I am so bummed out that mine died 2/3 of the way through. It's fine though because she has you taking detail notes of the whole process plus she does a face chart on top of that. This way you will have 3 things to reference too while practicing.  The lesson is wonderful because she has you repeat each step individually after her. She teaches you many techniques that you would have never known before or have been doing wrong. I was bad about holding my brushes wrong and applying to much pressure. The value is insanely good!! Foundation, clay stick for contouring, corrector, loose powder, eyeliner, cake liner, brow duo, lip liner, gloss, shadow base, primer, bronzer, blush, mascara, and 3 shadows. The value of the make up itself has to be $400 on it's own!! Plus she spent a good 2 to 2.5 hours on the lesson. I am so glad I made the decision to have my makeup lesson with Sheila for my upcoming fitness competition. She really is amazing!
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,6/24/2014,47,192,8,11,11>My husband and I are finally DINK's. That's right - Dual Income, NO KIDS. After four years of graduate school, husband landed himself a job! We've been savoring this moment for two years - that day when husband would land a job, and we could go out and celebrate at the most expensive restaurant we could think of. As classy Montrosians (I made it up, ok), we of course settled on Uchi. We walked into the Industrial/Modern-decorated Japanese restaurant and I swear I felt like I'd arrived. We went on a Tuesday, and arrived at 7:00 p.m. on the dot - NO WAIT. The start of a wonderful evening and a sign of many good things to come. Our waitress was delightful, and provided incredible customer-service. The view really is nicer from the top! As a pescaterian, the menu had a lot to offer my dietary preferences. Husband, on the other hand, who prefers cooked fish and beef had fewer options. All that being said, we didn't have too much trouble choosing several items. It's hard to remember everything we tried, and there are plenty of reviews on Yelp with delicious details, but I can't stop dreaming about one of the simplest items on the menu - the sake toro. That salmon belly was unlike any other piece of salmon I've had the pleasure of trying - buttery, complex and bursting with flavor without overwhelming. I think I could order myself 5 of them and nothing else and feel like I'd gotten my money's worth at Uchi. So husband and I are now DINK's, but I don't expect we'll be visiting Uchi very often - not because it's not amazing, but because we need to start saving for that townhome like every other yuppy couple in Houston!
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,6/23/2014,93,126,6,13,10>Creativity and restraint.  This is a fantastic effort in the now-crowded fine dining scene of Houston.  It seems that amid all the new openings and closings, it might be tough to stand out.  It's not.  Simply do something very, very well and make sure all the details are on point.  (Of course, one should dial things up or down depending on how much you're charging... broken benches in a cheap pub may be "charming" but a dirty chair in a fine dining place is probably unacceptable).This place does what it does VERY well, and it takes care of all the details, even with some of my highest expectations (yes, it's also pricey) ready to pounce.  The food is farm-to-table Euro-Americana, with all its glorious multicultural influences.  There's pasta and pizza, covered in sauces and accoutrements that would make Wolfgang Puck's eyes twinkle.  We feasted on fried chicken ballotine accompanied by a gorgeous root vegetable mash and an arugala salad to cut the richness.  The mustard moat surrounding the bratwurst was searingly, deliciously spicy.  Not capsicum spicy, but actual sharp mustard spicy!  The pretzel roll?  Chewy and steaming.  The prosciutto?  Paper-thin.  The service was on point as well.  Attentive, but not hovering.  Casual, without being too familiar.  Fine-dining without being stuffy.  The place is fully staffed as well, so if one server is in the weeds, another server (or even a manager or a floater) was right there to deliver our food or our check or to simply see how we were doing.I also can't fault the wine list.  It's carefully curated and small without being lazy or neglectful.  Mostly old-world selections.  Prices are about what you would expect for this type of restaurant, approximately double to 2.5 times retail.  Not too shabby.  Plenty of selections around $50.  If I could change just ONE thing about this place, I do wish the wine list were larger with a bit more new world representation -- I often choose restaurants based on their wine lists, so when a place has a small list, I don't find myself wanting to return as often!Regardless, I will be back.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,6/22/2014,103,45,7,33,22>4 1/2 stars. The Edith L. Moore Nature Sanctuary is my family's favorite place to hike in Houston. It's a beautiful, clean, quiet 17.5 acre park with diverse flora, fauna, & scenery. This includes mixed wooded areas & clearings punctuated by rickety wooden bridges that kids love running across; a few man-made ponds; gardens, & a 1930s log cabin & dairy barn. It's located just southwest of Memorial Dr. & Rt. 8, & is open 365 days a year. Access is FREE.In contrast to the Arboretum, who's trails are buried in dense vegetation, the Sanctuary's main trail is high-enough above the creek to afford views of the surrounding area, making it an excellent place for wildlife-spotting, birding, & casual hiking. It's also comparatively less bug-ridden than the Arboretum.The main trail is an easy ~1 mile long loop, accessible for all, & clearly signed throughout. There are benches & a few tree stands scattered around the circuit, which are great for reading or quiet contemplation, as well as for wildlife spotting, birding, or taking in the scenery. Biking is prohibited. Dogs must be kept leashed. Lightweight strollers can easily be used on the trail.The Sanctuary is tricky to find. The main entrance is on Wilchester Blvd., a small residential street off Memorial Dr., just west of the traffic light at Brittmoore & over the bridge. The turn off (on left-hand side of Wilchester when coming from Memorial) is marked with a wooden "Houston Audubon" sign. Parking is just beyond. Alternatively, there's a second entrance on the west side of the Memorial Drive United Methodist Church parking lot. Visitor parking is available right near the gate. Parking is plentiful near both entrances.Wildlife abounds at at the Edith L. Moore Nature Sanctuary--we've seen turtles, frogs, pike, mosquito fish, heron, green anole lizards, raccoon, mourning doves, cardinals, woodpeckers, & various songbirds & butterflies--lovely wildflowers too. Antiquated but legible signs show basic line drawings of common animal tracks (inc. bobcat, coyote, & skunk), trees, birds, vines, & freshwater wildlife.The sanctuary's focal point is the log cabin, built by former owners Edith & Jesse Moore in 1932. This is the only remaining in-situ log cabin in Houston, & is a designated state historical site. It's been nicely restored & is definitely worth a look, but be aware that it's normally kept locked when not in use for classes, meetings, or events. The barn just beyond houses the Houston Audubon Society's offices. For more info on the Moores' homestead, visit: houstonaudubon.org/html/.See the Sanctuary's website for more info on events, including evening Owl Prowls, a Halloween night hike, nature walks, birding walks, a PK junior ed club, an after school nature club, a summer camp, school programs, & field trips.In short, the Edith L. Moore Nature Sanctuary is a charming old-time rural retreat that offers plenty to do in a blissfully calm sylvan setting. A true oasis hidden within an affluent suburban Houston subdivision. Still reading? What are you waiting for? Scram! Go take a hike!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2014,6/21/2014,105,95,6,10,8>Mmmmm, Ice cream.The constant flavors include Chai Tea Coconut, Cat's Meow Mexican Vanilla, Milk Chocolate Stout, and Waterloo Strawberry Buttermilk. Seasonal flavors are, of course, seasonal. The current batch includes Peanut Butter Chip and Salted Butter Caramel, among others. Some past flavors have been King Cake and Strawberry Cheesecake. Overall, there has been an interesting rotation of flavors. My current favorite is the Waterloo Strawberry Buttermilk. Scoops start at 3.50(1), 4.50(2), and 5.50(3). The scoops are reasonably sized and can also be ordered to go.Old fashioned sodas, milk shakes, ice cream floats, soft serve, sorbets, and sundaes are also on the menu. The sundae is aptly named "Everyday is like Sundae." I've had two variations of the Sundae. One was "Bar Snacks" which had pretzels, Milk Chocolate Stout, and some other stuff that I can't remember anymore. I blame multiple brain freezes on the memory loss. There is also a selection of ice cream sandwiches and push pops. Again, there is a lot of variety.This place is small. Really small. There are two small tables and also bar stool seating along two sides. There is now a patio that probably doubles the amount of seating available. During certain days/hours there may be a line, so prepare yourself. Service has been good so far. Hours are great and kind of unexpected (Midnight closing on Friday and Saturday). The one thing that I'm not much of a fan of is the cat theme. Too much "purring" and "meowing" all over the place. All this does is keep reminding me of the cat that likes to sleep on my car.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,6/20/2014,299,150,8,15,8>I am absolutely in love with you!  I think this place has totally moved into my #1 slot now since Katz Coffee is no longer involved with Inversion.The espresso is strong, not bitter; full-bodied with a smokey caramel profile going on; smooth, not acidic; definitely holds it's bold flavor even with mocha or raw sugar added.The Cordato is magnificent & I'm now infatuated with the Flat White.  The Mocha is rich & I believe is bittersweet so it's perfect as a mocha. The Vietnamese Coffee is definitely rocket fuel (perfect, lol) Andrew is a really great guy, very personable & knowledgable. He tells me the beans are from Muevo who the owner (female) roasts out of her house in her garage apt. in the Heights. He informed me that he heard they are going to expand soon to include a kitchen & space for Mueva to roast there as well (I can already smell the genius)!Sara is another friendly, sweet and personable staff member. She has a really great, inviting smile which always makes any experience even better.If Paper Co were open at 6:30am, I would drive out EVERY morning before work, lol; oh how I love you!Slight problem I experienced was last week Sunday during church services, I was directed FAR away into a field with the congregation & told there was zero parking regardless if it was for coffee: I left. Andrew & I had a discussion, and he seemed genuinely heartbroken; how endearing.  He said he would address that with them because it will affect the business, and they are independent away from the church.Please stop by & try them out; you WON'T be disappointed!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,6/19/2014,211,137,8,14,10>Dress shopping can be one of the most overwhelming experiences a bride can undertake in planning the perfect day. Marry Go Round takes that and turns it into a fun easy experience. When I started my dress quest I was posed with questions....a-line, trumpet, fit and flare, lace, silk, organza, oh my!!! My head was spinning. What should I do? What if no one likes what I choose? The girls at Marry Go Round took all of these questions and turned them into answers. They explained the different shapes, styles and materials. They talked to me about what would look best on my body shape. Once that was all settled I went to browsing. I was given these cute clippy things with bows on them and then taken into the different rooms. The rooms are broken down by price point. $1000 under or over and then the dresses were arranged by size. I pulled 8-10 dresses with my consultant giving feedback about the different gowns that made the selection process much easier. I was then taken to a private fitting room (they have 2) and my consultant helped me try in my dresses. She listened closely as I tried on each dress to get a feel of what I was liking and what I wasn't. About the 4th or 5th dress I tried on I knew I had found my dress!! As this is a resale shop I was able to leave with my dress that day. It is now safely hanging in my closet and I have to try everyday not to go down there and try it on!! Customers are seen by appointment only so be sure to call in advance as they do book up.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,6/18/2014,58,25,9,12,12>Finally a place with amazing tapioca in the galleria area!! Its nice to have options when it comes to tapioca. Its an extra plus when the tapioca is as delicious as this place! No other place around here can compare. Not Teahouse or Tap Teahouse. The employees were friendly and greeted us when we came in. They answered my questions. The green tea ice was refreshing and delicious! Its a great way to cleanse your palate after a meal. I recommend that flavor with condensed milk, flan, tapioca, and strawberries! The ice was light and creamy. The flan was the perfect texture and sweetness. It didnt overpower the ice. The tapioca was cooked perfectly! It was sweet and had the perfect chewiness to it. It was like a was having a cup of tapioca drink when combined with the green tea ice. The strawberries were fresh, and you cant go wrong with fresh. I will definitely be back! :) i will try a drink next time with the tapioca!
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,6/17/2014,278,508,9,17,11>Common Bond Cafe & Bakery--of the pastries world, they're sexy, and they know it!I give this place the highest honors that a Northern Californian could possibly give any restaurant in Houston: a full five star rating.  This place has been rumored in the press and for good reason.Some of you may not appreciate the morning line or hype, but really it's hypocrisy if any of you wait 2-3 hours for Franklin's or Killen's BBQ.  Common Bond draws you in with a chemistry-like attraction.  It's hot, ionic, and quite the draw at first.  You can tell the absolute craft and dedication that are put into these complex and filling pastries.  The flavors that unroll on your tongue with each bite and chew are mind-blowing.  (I'll try and keep this PG...)The "table service" is earnest, polite, and wanting to please.  You know that they want to make you happy, and thankfully they aren't like a courtesan paid by the hour.  They will let you take your time about this enjoyment.  And in this sense, it's more like a loving, reciprocating covalent bond.I personally had the grilled cheese on sourdough with the soup of the day, corn chowder.  The corn chowder might have been a six ounce serving or so, but it was very rich.  You could taste the cream and butter (and paprika?).  As for the grilled cheese, the sourdough was at least a blend with whole wheat but still had a San Franciscan acidity to it that was lovely.  It wasn't overpoweringly sour, though I would have taken that, too.  The thickness of the bread was something on par with French toast.In general, their pastries are more interesting and tasty than I can articulate on first taste.  I will go back for more.  However, I will say that they are much denser than what you'd find at French Riviera and are gargantuan.  A non-hungry person won't be able to finish one...-----::  Overall  ::-----+ Very kind service+ Stylish chapeaus on the service+ Freshness and authentic ingredients, on par with any Northern Californian, New Yorker, or Parisian cuisine+ Indoor and outdoor seating+ Decor that is unique, striking, but not over-the-top garish or cloyingly so+ Very giftable takeaway packaging for your sets of pastries or macarons (Remember, sharing is caring!)- Disneyland-like queue once you get inside(-) For those who prefer intimate seating, this place has more of a shared, open design-----::  To be addressed  ::------ Flimsiness of bag handles (they know this)- No lemonade the morning that I went which meant no Arnold Palmer- A flawed printing system for tickets, which means you might be waiting for table service to get your food
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,6/16/2014,270,261,21,18,18>Smile for me daddy, what you lookin' at? Let me see yo grill, let you see my what? Yo, yo grill yo, yo grill. Grill yo own meat? HOW FUN! Gyu-Kaku has traveled a long way from Japan to be the first Japanese BBQ restaurant in Houston. If you're looking to stuff your face with anything that once had a heartbeat, hit up a Korean BBQ spot instead. While Gyu-Kaku may not be all-you-can-eat, true meat lovers will still be overjoyed. The meats here are a premium cut, and you can really taste the difference in quality.We decided to skip the set menu and order a la carte to pick dishes to our liking. For meats, we had the kalbi short rib, harami skirt steak, premium sirloin, and toro (beef belly). Each meat was marinated and seasoned so well, I can't even pick a favorite. Okay, maybe the toro because it's basically bacon from a cow. To balance the meal, we ordered some veggies- garlic spinach and asparagus. I really wanted the sweet potato, but my friend was on the sweet potato diet for so long that he's now DEATHLY afraid to go near one. I had to be considerate of his phobia. If you wanna switch things up and go under the sea, try the miso butterfish. It was absolutely yummy, and a good offset to the meat. I've used the word "meat" a lot. Running count thus far: 7I must confess, the idea of cooking my own meat always sounds appealing at first, until I remember that it requires multi-tasking. I am incapable of keeping an eye on the meat while eating and having a conversation. Acknowledging my struggle, my guy friends took over and just started dumping meat on my plate whenever it was ready. It's one of the few instances where I feel lucky to be a girl. It'd be pretty pricey to get full off the meat alone, so we supplemented with garlic noodles and rice. 1 bowl of rice is $3...a total rip, but it was at least Japanese rice. You might come out smelling like meat, so maybe don't wear your nicest "dry-clean only" shirt (but does anyone really follow those handling instructions?). They accept reservations now, so take advantage, because this place will be hoppin' for the foreseeable future. Final count of use of the word meat: 12
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,6/15/2014,2219,1117,34,33,33>Luna Pizzeria? Surely must be the Luna Lovegood of lore as mighty fine as this pizzeria experience is; or possibly my BFFF's dog named Luna because she is pretty awesome as well.Listen up guise: this restaurant is amazeballs in every which way from the A in amazeballs to the Z in 'zerts, as in Tom Haverford's delightful vocabulary where the extremely polite and pleasant restaurant staff of the pizzeria offer you a free beer (up until they earn their liquor license) as a dessert beverage while you sit and chat after enjoying your pizza. Luna Pizzeria springs forth from the loins of Barnaby's as a flawless and stunning creature. Why are you still reading this review and not in line ordering your pizza? Get your life together, mate.Stuck in the corner of the shopping centre also housing Fat Bao and other things I don't care about sits this little oasis of pizza and all things happy in the world. There is not plentiful parking but it is not so limited that you consider walking three miles instead of being a real Houstonian and driving everywhere.As you walk in you can tell it is clean, a warm environment, and there is plenty of splendor (American and otherwise) about. The nice cashier takes your name and solicits your order. My recommendation is to get the large, split it in half to maximize your trying of new things, and then take your leftovers home to enjoy again and again. The large size pizza is a lot of food for $15 (my dining companion got a soft drink while I opted for the gratis Karbach in the period of their liquor license sitch being worked out.) The cashier offers you a glass for your beer and water too, I like that. Swing around to the left for the soda fountain, straws, and water area. Then pick your seat.The middle area is the play zone area and they are higher chairs than the flanking tables. The tables are arranged basically picnic style with benches to the wall and chairs around the other side closer to the play tables. The bench-y looking things are decorated with pillows to hug, "hit" if you are a fan of the film Analyze This, or just remark on the color it brings to the space.The pizza takes a little more than six minutes to come out if you went with the large. It comes with a small plate of garnish. My half was the spicy andouille (pronounced "on-due-wee" or piss off if that is wrong cuz that sounds right.) It was colorful, beautiful, and tasty. Everything I ask for out of life besides a Harry Potter reference meow and again. This is definitely one of the better pizzas I have had in the city because the crust was thin, but not crackly; flavorful without overwhelming the ingredients above; the sauce was notably there without being either absent or overwhelming; the cheese was not dripping off every which way; and the ingredients were piled on like this was built for a Sir. The pizza was literally happiness on a silver-colored platter and it took a lot of restraint to leave some pizza on the serving platter and ask for a to go box to feverishly consume the rest of it at a later date. Unlike Ling C I did not find it to be "that" spicy and I even had the jalapenos - but I am a spicehound and nothing is hot enough unless I am on the ground crying ... crying more than usual. So that is the one and ONLY bad thing I can say about the spicy andouille - it did not put me on the floor crying due to heat. So I think they have safely retained their five star elegance for putting out a pizza that is heavily sprinkled with winning, awesomeness, and the happy. This is basically Bombay Pizza having a smexy pizza baby with Tiny Boxwood and producing the demon lovechild that was born simply to save rock 'n roll. It combines the best of both worlds, hell, all worlds, into pizza that has so many good things to say about you have to quit talking at a certain point and just go eat your leftovers to do something else with your mouth for a bit.The pleasant staff, the free beers (is there any better type of beer than free beer? NO!,) the supreme cleanliness of the restaurant, the attention to detail in everything they did with the food and in the design of the space, and even the ridiculously hot customer that was briefly in there all were just added bonuses on top of one of the best things ever - pizza & beer night with good company.One of the most indelible lines from Tenacious D's The Pick of Destiny cinematic masterpiece is "Here's your 'za. That'll be 15.50." Luna Pizzeria can serve me my 'za all the time and I will not complain at that price; this pizza beats whatever JB and KG were delivered by Lee. This is easily one of my favorite pizza spots in the city and they earned every single star yelp would let me give them. Meow, let's go drink our apps & zerts - Luna has both Shiner Bock and Karbach Weekend Warrior in cans (plus wine) so we can cycle between the apps and zerts while the oven keeps spitting out the pizza.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2014,6/14/2014,132,303,5,7,5>This place has been bookmarked for quite some time.  I was finally able to visit one Wednesday/Thursday at 1AM.  I was worried that the time would lend to poor quality food and a not-so-great experience.  Thanks to my company and the chefs at Theos, I thoroughly enjoyed myself.The place wasn't nearly as empty as I thought.  The first seating option was quite frigid, but the staff was more than helpful about moving.  Once comfortably seated and carefully ordering, the food quickly arrived.  I must admit that I was more partial to Niko Niko's (around the corner), so I wasn't really expecting much.  Boy was I mistaken!  My gyro was quite flavorful and absolutely satisfying.  I am still astonished by the seasoning and the spices.  I even had just enough for the next "morning's" breakfast.  This is definitely a go-to for late night eating!!!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,6/13/2014,125,68,7,14,10>How can someone make vegetables taste SO good!?I had been to Oxheart about a year or so ago when they first opened and it was amazing. I never had the opportunity to go again, and considering that it takes a month in advance to make a reservation... I decided to go for the anniversary with the S.O.After some debating, we both got the tasting menu, and it was SO worth it.Our waitress was really nice and we were also offered a glass free wine (and grape juice, unfortunately, I'm what you would call alcoholic allergic or intolerant) for our anniversary. Even the grape juice was spectacular. Onto the 7 courses. I was actually pretty stuffed!Since their menu changes with the season's offerings, I'd just like to highlight some of my favorite things:-'mako' shark with cane syrup, 'early jersey' cabbage, mustards, and pickles. I ATE SHARK. what?! Haha, it was smoked and it was flavorful and delicious.- a stew of 'black' kale and fermented vegetables, with roast and braised 'premiere' kale, and horseradish dumplings. I heard kale kale kale when it was being described to me, and it tasted so hearty. How do they do that with vegetables?! The dumplings were also really good even though I was hesitant because I don't really like horseradish. This wasn't overwhelming like horseradish usually is.- 'beauty heart' radishes poached in cow's milk whey, with kyo-na zuke, chrysanthemum leaf, homemade butter: beautifully presented and the buttery taste with the veggies were tasty.This is probably the first restaurant that I would choose veggies over meat!They make their own bread and butter there too. Which was heavenly. They need to sell the bread because I'd buy a whole bunch! And I don't even eat bread very often.Tip: Be prepared to spend about 3 hours there for the full tasting. It was good time spent.GO GO GO!
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,6/12/2014,38,100,6,12,8>We came here before an Astros game to eat and it was a really good experience. I ordered the fajita burger I think that was one of the best hamburgers I've ever had in my life. The meat was so soft and tender I ate it with every intent in ordering another one to take home. That wasn't really an option if you're going to a baseball game afterwards. One really cool thing is that they give you a complimentary shuttle to the game if you eat there. You can even park for free and they take you and bring you back. The next time I go to an Astros game I will be sure to have this place in mind.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,6/11/2014,211,151,2,24,11>Finally Houston has a restaurant for ramen! I came on their grand opening. They only have one food item they serve: ramen. No menu needed, no thinking or decisiveness required. Just tell them you want a bowl and your options there are if you want extra meat or egg. The ramen came with plenty of noodles and the broth was rich and flavorful, yet not overly salted. The pork was tender. And you know it's a good meal when you barely talk through your dinner because your food is so good. They also feature a cocktail and drink menu. The cocktails are ninja themed and unique to the restaurant. I had the sexy no jutsu, which had bourbon mixed with some fruity flavors. The husband had a kyushiki, which was an old fashioned with a Japanese twist. They are open till 2am so you can eat and drink late here! Ninja Ramen is located on Washington right across of Little J's. Just look for the big red door.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,6/10/2014,155,207,2,14,7>A beautiful and modern restaurant near Memorial City Mall serving fresh fish and a great fusion of traditional and unconventional Japanese fare that's sure to compete with Uchi and Kata.For a special occasion double dinner date, we decided to check out Kuu. Conveniently located right off I-10 and Gessner in the new shopping plaza (in front of Memorial Hermann Hospital), Kuu has plenty of parking in the front of the restaurant and in its plaza parking garage. Upon finding this restaurant, you're immediately greeted with an great outdoor patio area (think an earthier, sleeker version of Brenner's patio area), with plenty of seating and lounging available. I'd say it's perfect for a happy hour spot, but since it was a little chilly and windy that night, we decided to head on in quite quickly for dinner. (There's a pretty spacious indoor bar area as well!)You can make reservations on OpenTable, but I'd recommend calling them directly to see if they have other available times that OpenTable doesn't show. We were immediately seated in the back of the main dining area, which had a warm and modern feel (filled with dark woods, glass, beautiful lighting, clean lines, and an open view to the kitchen). Our server, Nelson, was perhaps the most helpful, knowledgeable, and kindest waiter I've had in my entire life of dining. Once he found out it was our first time dining at Kuu, he made sure to walk through the menu with us in a Yelp-like style (citing reviews and recommendations - no joke!) and answering any questions we had. Based on some of his recommendations and, for others, on our curiosity, we ordered the following things:Drinks: I'd highly recommend the Beet U Up cocktail (tequila, mezcal, fresh beet juice, and salt) - it's a creative take on a margarita on the rocks, but with an earthier flair and a slightly sweet taste to it. The lychee martini wasn't too great (not sweet at all!). If you want to try a sake, try the Akitabare Koshiki Junzukuri - Northern Skies Junmai Sake - a lovely clean sake for your meal. They also have a full bar, in case you're not into cocktails and sake (but then you'd have to ask yourself why you're at a fancy Japanese restaurant to begin with...)Shishito Peppers - 4.5/5.0 - After falling in love with grilled shishito peppers at 1252 Tapas Bar (see my review for them), I couldn't help but order this as a light appetizer for our table for 4. Shishito peppers are as large as serranos, as mild as bell peppers, but as complex as chipotle. Simply garnished with togarashi (chili pepper spice), bonito flakes, and sea salt, this dish is my ideal starter to any meal. A great alternative to your typical edamame (which they also have), but it's a little small to share as a single appetizer for four people.Hama Yuzu Roll - 4.5/5.0 - King crab lovers, rejoice! This is such a perfect roll, with each bite filled with lots of fresh and sweet King crabmeat, the bitterness of green onions and micro cilantro, the spiciness of thin serrano pepper slices, and the tartness of the yuzu vinaigrette. I'm still dreaming about it...Kuu Roll - 3.5/5.0 - Their signature roll, filled with Asian pear, avocado, tuna, lobster, and edamame purée and yuzu sauce. It caught my eye with the Asian pear, but I thought it really couldn't compare to the Hama Yuzu.Poseidon Roll - 3.0/5.0 - Slightly let down by other Yelp reviews citing this as the best roll there is, I thought it was actually mediocre. I can see why people would be so attracted to it - just look at what it's filled with (scallop, tuna, salmon, and yellowtail, topped with tobiko, micro cilantro, and truffle yuzu vinaigrette). It was just too mushy for me. It was nice to have that hint of truffle though.Hot Rock - 4.0/5.0 - For those steak-kinda guys, this is a great (light) dish to have. It's great in presentation (who wouldn't want to cook their own slices of Akaushi beef on an extremely hot rock?!), but a little small in portion. Served with some yummy garlic butter and a ponzu dipping sauce.Seared Sea Scallop - 4.5/5.0 - This is a representative dish of Kuu's modern take on Japanese cuisine (think Uchi-style). These perfectly cooked scallops were served with kabocha squash, braised fennel, a wonderful yuzu-yogurt sauce, and a poached egg. Who can deny anything with an oozy egg ontop! My hubby licked this plate clean. Highly recommend!Kyushi (sp?) Selection - 4.0/5.0 - For $45, you can order a variety of 6 pairs of sashimi slices from crazy rare and unconventional fish that the chef orders everyday. (I typically remember ingredients in dishes, but I can't even remember the names of the fish because they're so uncommon!) All I can say is that these slices of sashimi were some of the freshest I've ever had. It's served in a beautiful box, but I felt it was a shy too pricey for a dinner entree (the selections are listed on the back of the menu's front cover). I'd highly recommend it if you're into great cuts of raw fish.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,6/9/2014,388,27,9,16,13>If you've had a gyro sandwich, then you'll be familiar with Verts' doner kebap. It's that same juicy meat tornado that spins on a giant skewer in a tanning booth waiting to be carved. The kickers are that you can load it with a variety of veggies and sauces, and that its about as big as your face. #FACEWICH. If that doesn't fill you up, fries and other sides are available.Verts is the latest Austin import to hit the streets of Houston. Given that my alma mater is in Austin, everything that comes from there holds a special place in my heart (and liver). I saw many restaurants come and go, but Verts interestingly took hold and expanded rapidly. Whether I was slinging press releases at the downtown office or sinking beer pong cups at the frat castle, there was a Verts store or mobile stand just around the corner.I visited this location the day before its grand opening, so everything was pristine and even the wooden tabletops faintly smelled like they were recently cut. The space has an industrial feel to it with a lot of metal, stone and exposed light bulbs while the planters in the middle are an interesting juxtaposition.The manager, Les, prepared my order and it came out looking like the ones on all of the posters, almost a bouquet of meat and cheese and veggies. While a kebap is shaped like a taco, its recommended that you eat it top-down rather than sideways to prevent spillage. When you bite into one, you get the crunchiness of the bell pepper and iceberg and then the warmth of the sauce-slathered meat. Tastes just like it did in Austin (thumbs up for consistency). The panini press is a new feature, but I feel it's an improvement in how it makes the bread crispy and helps flatten out the already large #FACEWICH.The store shares a strip mall with Corner Bakery Cafe, facing Wal-Mart in the same plaza. No storefront sign at the time of this writing, so look for banners in the windows. Go find it. Now.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,6/8/2014,40,81,8,10,13>My family and I decided to book reservations at Monarch for my dads 51st birthday. Monarch is located in the Museum District inside of Hotel ZaZa. Wanna valet? Turn on Ewing St!  Atmosphere inside Monarch is very nice. Lighting is dim, making it even more romantic! But of course, it wasn't that night since I was with my family! Hahah. Appetizer: fried oysters! That was super delicious, but only came with like 5 or 6 lol. The sauce underneath it is what completes the oysters! Creamed spinach! Kind of reminded me of lemon grass in a way...haha. Onto the food, I had the "Lamb Loin". It was okay to me. Has a distinct taste to it because of the lamb I believe. I probably won't get it next time though. My dad had the "44 Ranch TX Pot Roast" and that was actually pretty good. Sister had some kind of fish. I forgot the name of the plate, but the fish was a Snook. That was pretty good also. Service was great! Waiter was very nice and checked on us often. Till then, see you next time, Monarch!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,6/7/2014,439,301,6,12,9>OMG talk about delicious!  Not too many places cook seafood like I ultimately like it.  This place, well....I've been there 2x, tried 3 items total (I did it for yelp! yes that's what I told myself) and I loved two of them, liked one.  The food was always hot and fresh!  #winnerCatfish dinner 5 stars easily - yummm! I got about 4 long strips and fries.  They have 2 different sauces, just hand me the regular tartar sauce, I'm good.  The fish is actually seasoned..a tinch too salty but it's probably just me.  I'm very salt sensitive but it wasn't bad..hence why I think most people would be fine.Shrimp dinner 4 stars - they really do fry their seafood well here and the shrimp is no exception.  Comes about 7/8 or so large shrimp and some fries.  Shrimp poboy 3.5 - the bread was good, lots of medium sized shrimp.  I would have loved this more probably if the same shrimp from the dinner was on it.  But still good just not as good, ya feel me.  The wait time varied each time...first time was only about 5-10...second time was more like 15 minutes.  I was starting to wonder if they forgot about me since the car behind me was served before me.  Go figure...but save yourself the trouble and call 5-10 minutes ahead.The food is good, decent priced $6.99 for all of the above and it's fried superb.  They also serve oysters for about $3-4 bucks more and some crawfish.  Not sure how the crawfish is served but if the other food is any indication, it might be spiced just right as well...They lose a star cause 1. I never get ketchup for these fries 2. I've peeled a vein or two off my large shrimp 3. Napkins are a scarcity...Next day update: this review had me craving it so I went today and they have raised the prices $1 on me in a little over a week...I'm cheap, that bothered my soul lol but it's still too good to sway me. Now don't let it go up one mo gain though....
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,6/6/2014,196,278,1,14,8>As the Woodlands grows, we're excited to watch the food scene grow with it. This little 'burb is attracting all sorts of interesting restaurants, from chef-driven bistros to new concepts from national chains. But some things are still hard to find.Growing up in Meyerland, I took for granted the ability to find examples of great Asian cuisines nearby. Moving to the Woodlands was a shock; there were plenty of Chinese and Japanese places, and a smattering of Thai and Vietnamese, but very few were out of the ordinary.A recent conversation with a chef friend of mine directed me to Atsumi, a new Asian restaurant on College Park. My friend spoke very highly of Henry, the chef at Atsumi. Apparently they've become friends and talked shop, and Henry turned him on to some sources for Asian ingredients that turned out to be very high quality, and they traded tips on techniques. Clearly, Henry was someone I had to meet.So with this recommendation we drove up to Atsumi for dinner. We found a modern, clean strip center restaurant with attractive decor and a good crowd for a weeknight.I spoke briefly with Henry (who was busy in the kitchen) and learned that he prepares his own sauces in-house, and doesn't use the typical frozen ingredients you find at strip-center Chinese restaurants. I asked for some suggestions, and here's what came out.First, my bride loves "crab puffs", the traditional appetizers you see at every Americanized Chinese restaurant. We tried Atsumi's, and had the first surprise of the evening.Instead of the typical cream cheese filling with bits of "crab", we found a light, creamy filling with a bit of heat; Henry had chopped in tiny bits of gently spicy pepper. And in place of the generic orange sauce was a lighter housemade sauce with a bit of citrus tang and a touch of heat. All in all, a very pleasant surprise.Next up was one of my bride's favorites: Orange chicken. What arrived were large hand-cut chunks of chicken breast meat, hand-breaded with a lightly crispy crust, and served with a rich citrus glaze, accented with plenty of pepper.Henry suggested one of his specialities - Black Pepper Steak on Sizzling Platter. What arrived was superb. Thinly sliced high quality beef, generously spiced with pepper and scallions, served in a rich but not overpowering brown sauce, delivered on a comal to insure that it was sizzling hot. Delicious.We enjoyed Atsumi, and found Henry's cooking to be far superior to most of the Chinese food we've sampled in the Woodlands. When thanking Henry on the way out, we mentioned that this was some of the best Americanized Chinese cuisine we'd tasted in a while. He smiled and told us to come back - he's got the "real" Chinese menu, as do many of the restaurants way out Bellaire.We can hardly wait.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2013,6/5/2014,117,159,7,7,6>Gotta love the classics! The places that take something that is wonderful in its original form and then puts its own unique spin on it to make it that much better. Stanton City Bites really has taken the classic hamburger and made it even better than mom used to make. (Sorry mom.) This burger is not a Kobe beef burger, its not from some special cow that ate only the finest of grass from the finest of fields. No this 1/2 lb All-American, 100% beef burger. Seasoned just right and not at all greasy. So if you are going to build Houston best burger in 2005, 2006, and 2009 out of a grocery store in the 1st Ward District of Houston, you got to keep it classic and keep it simple then build from there. Despite the burgers simple foundation, this burger has a lot going on. Each of their burger is loaded with a unique set of toppings that perfectly complement each other. For example I ordered the Cowboy Brunch and I must say that it was deliciously messy. I mean a burger with mayo, mustard, bacon, two types of cheese, fried pickles, and a fried egg. I'm not sure exactly if Cowboys eat brunch and if they did I'm not sure if they would eat fried pickles with a fried egg. But in the end who really cares! All these ingredients work so perfectly together and creates a burger that just seems to melt in your mouth. Also the bun is so warm and buttery and it  adds a great flavor to an already flavorful burger. I think one of more underrated aspects of Stanton City Bites are the delicious fries. I mean lets run through all the great wonderful options: French Fries, Cajun Spice Fries, Sweet Potato Fries, Tater Tots (a glorified french fry), Waffle Fries, Italian Fries, Seasoned Curly Fries, Onion Rings (again, a french fry with an onion in the middle), Chili Cheese Fries or Tots, and finally Bacon Cheese Fries or Tots. I mean no matter who are and what type of fry represents you, Stanton City Bites has found a way to suit your needs. And they taste amazing. Perfectly crispy and seasoned. And btw the bacon cheese fries are every bit of delicious as they sound.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,6/4/2014,226,154,4,12,10>I LOVED funky chicken!! You guys.. this place is seriously so good. Awesome new casual chicken spot.Parking is a breeze- always a major plus! This is a counter service restaurant, and when I walked in I was greeted by a very friendly warm staff. I had already heard about the roasted chicken and brussel sprouts, so I basically knew what I was ordering. I wanted to get 2 breasts, and this wasn't something that was on the menu- but they worked it out for me. Everything sounded great.. all the sides sounded pretty yummy.. if it weren't for my damn diet I would have had a heyday here! The food was delicious. The roasted chicken was flavorful, juicy, all without being greasy/fatty. The brussel sprouts were also fantastic! I didn't get to eat the biscuit, but it looked amazing. I was told it was delish! I went up front to talk to them about modifying the brussel sprouts for me, and they were super helpful and willing to accomodate. I will be back, without a doubt. This would be a great spot for lunch as well! Awesome place for a casual dinner as well. Great job guys!!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,6/3/2014,202,374,4,13,6>An overzealous exterminator killed the bushes in the front lawn.  Diminishing the curb appeal to the house.  It was like missing front teeth!A staff member spent at least 30 minutes walking me through the grounds showing me options for trees and shrubs, answering questions and teaching me how to plant.  She even drew diagrams!I left with Japanese Camellias to replace the dead shrubs, soil, compost and confidence that i made the right choice.  They carried my purchases to the car and were careful to lay big plastic bags for my trunk and back seat for protection.  So nice of them!The price was just right too.  I later compared prices with a flyer from a big box store and found them to be the same.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,6/2/2014,88,91,4,11,11>These are some fancy schmancy donuts! The gourmet donuts have some crazy flavors that are completely amazing. Creme brûlée, tres leches, red velvet cheesecake...just to name a few. A lot of the flavors that I tried were a bit too sweet for me, but I think they would be good for most people. If you don't have much of a sweet tooth, I would go for the plain glazed donuts or the cookie butter donut (it was sweet and salty, yum!). The donuts themselves are perfectly soft and fluffy. The donuts also very reasonably priced even with all the fancy flavors and toppings, which is another plus. The gourmet donuts vary from $1.75-$3 each.The owners are the sweetest people and they're so enthusiastic about their donuts :). They'll help you choose your donuts if you're wavering between all the unique flavors. I think they're what bumped this review from 4 to 5 stars.AND they have cronuts! You have to call 24 hours ahead of time to order them though, so keep that in mind. I have yet to try them but I definitely plan to :P.Tip- there's a $4 minimum for credit cards, just FYI!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2014,6/1/2014,79,100,5,13,9>This mansion is smaller than Bayou Bend, but more accessible in a way. Like Bayou Bend, each room is decorated with furnishings from a specific period (Colonial, Renaissance, Mesozoic, Cretaceous, etc) but the tour actually leads you through each room and you can get up close and personal with the furniture and decor as long as you don't touch them.Our docent seemed a little rusty, but she was friendly and had good information, especially if you're interested in the design details of each room. The best part of the mansion, as mentioned in the other reviews, is the gallery/ballroom with it's magnificent paintings, statues, and columns; and where they frequently host cocktail parties, tea services (using the fancy china and tea sets displayed all over the house) and even weddings. Definitely a good place to take your out-of-town guests if you want to show them something fancy.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,5/31/2014,156,153,2,14,7>I cannot say enough good things about John and his business. I consider myself a tattoo removal veteran as I've now been treated at FOUR different places. Not only is CCL more affordable, it is the ONLY place I've been to that even HAS the correct laser to tackle the bright blues and aqua greens in my ugly tattoo. Oh the other places took my money and burned my skin, but none of them would admit their lasers were doing nothing for me after the black was all gone.Like others, I found out about CCL through an email about Unink (one of the places with the wrong laser and one of the places that left me with hypopigmentation, not to mention overpriced). In the email it stated CCL had the better Ruby laser that attacks the bright green inks. I thought I'd give it a try. I wasn't under contract with Unink and was dissatisfied with the fading of the greens from other places. So I thought why not.First of all, the photo I sent in to John appeared smaller than what it really is, so John quoted me a certain (very low) price. When arriving John stated it was 2x as big than he expected but that he would still honor his quote.  During the procedure, John started with the regular Yag laser (the ones other places were using on me) to see if the colors would respond. They didn't. He then switched to the Ruby laser for my treatment and the colors responded immediately. I have had roughly 10 laser treatments and NONE have faded the bright colors in my tattoo like John's laser. TWO weeks later the bright greens and blues have faded noticeably.John followed up with me several times in the following days to make sure everything was healing ok. On my  next appointment, I'm going to let John annihilate my tramp stamp as well.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,5/30/2014,212,116,15,19,14>I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet.OK well let me just say I was raised in New Orleans and have have been to more Po Boy shops in my life than I could possible count. I was amazed... seriously floored that Calliope's completely met my expectations as far as authenticity is concerned.  The restaurant itself is in a convenient, accessible, strip in a not so amazing part of town but I've never seen anything that would raise concern or cause me to clutch my bag walking in and out. If you're scary, easily intimidated or not use to culture diversity (yeah right in Houston!) than you might miss out on this hidden gem.I like the look of this place, reminds me of Circle Food Stores in NO from the outside and the inside is decorated cafe style with a couple of TVs. I applaud them for their cleanliness. The dining area was much larger than I expected and comfortable. There is usually one or two other occupied tables when I visit.The bathrooms are always clean and did I mention they have a drive through window on the outside? Yeah... They pretty much covered all basis.Service - the young lady with the NO accent is delightful and extremely helpful with giving recommendations. She put me on the cheese fries with gravy and encouraged me to get the boudain balls. Both were amazing. I have only interacted with other people in the drive thru and they were helpful and accommodating as well.The Food - I am so picky about anything creole or Cajun. Can't help it and I won't apologize for it because once I do spot greatness I will sing their praises. Their GUMBO is amazing. I almost thought I was crazy the roux taste like my families. The consistency was just right, piping hot, the right amount of spice and the chicken in the dish was flavored well. I could go for some right now just thinking about it.I have also had the soft shell crab salad, Po Boy, boudain balls, pie, frozen hurricane, grilled shrimp and fried fish. The crab was cleaned well and they gave a pretty large portion  for the price. THE BREAD on the PoBoy is as real as it gets... fresh, soft and flaky. I've never had a Po boy in NO that was NOT flaky. That little similarity and the fact that they use Pattons hot sausage totally warmed my heart. If you have never tried the hot sausage beware. You will get HOOKED. I have a bucket in the freezer right now... I think sausage.. I think Pattons and I was stoked that they stayed true to using this brand. I also really enjoyed their jumbo boudain balls and dipping sauce. I only wish I could get seafood boudain balls.This place gets 5 stars for their food, service, consistency and quality. I have not had a bad experience yet. The PoBoys are amazing and so is the gumbo.  You can't go wrong with that.Bon Temps!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,5/29/2014,124,267,18,28,22>Oh yeah 5 star goodness.  This burger joint is a mom and pop type business.  The owners and the cook that were in the day I visited truly aimed to please me!The selection of burgers are more unique so you may find yourself torn between two burgers like I was.  No worries they'll create one or modify one of their awesome burgers to your liking.  I ended up getting a burger called the Wild Wild West which isn't officially on their menu at this time.   I ordered it on their pretzel bun which are specially made for them daily by a local business.  It consisted of a fresh ground 1/3lb Black Angus chuck beef patty with pepper jack cheese, fresh sliced grilled jalapeños, ancho pepper mayo, Tapatio and a huge fresh batter dipped onion ring.  The onion ring was an add on request by me.  The flavors melded together so well that I gave this burger the Foodg*sm award!   I highly recommend it just the way I ordered it.  I have posted 2 pics of this spicy awesomness.  The owner even asked me how I wanted my burger cooked and they cooked it on the grill to a perfect medium which I requested. Wait for it, wait for it... For $9.99 you get one of their truly awesome 1/3rd lb. burgers with a choice of either yummy fresh cut cajun fries, truffle fries or a salt and pepper fry plus a 16 oz soft drink with free refills.  Plus yelpers if you do a check in you get another 15% off.  Some of the other fun sounding burgers are their Slap Yo Momma, Black and Blue, Chubbs, Cheezmoe etc.  They do offer a a half pound Texas burger and a two 8oz beef patty burger called the Texas Plus Burger.Don't forget to get their deep fried Oreo Cookie Sunday.  Plus more goodies to be had.Closed on Sunday.  Across from Klein High.  Friendly counter ordering with very casual table seating.   Dress casual.  Come in your PJ's if you want, just come, you'll be happy you did.  Down to earth casual greatness!
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,5/28/2014,173,76,4,11,8>Practically SPEECHLESS. This place has the reputation as Houston's best BBQ joint, and it DEFINITELY lives up to the hype. This is honestly the only place in houston I'd compare to the top BBQ joints I've found in ATX.Positives:- The meat is literally fall off the bone (or fork). I  had a hard time picking up my brisket with a fork because it was so tender. Nominee for best brisket ever. This goes double for the ribs, which literally melted into my mouth the moment my teeth touched the meat.- Great sides. I didn't think much of the potato salad but the beans were beyond amazing.- The sweet tea is VERY sweet, which is fantastic :DNegatives: - Long wait, but if that only happens at amazing places so it makes sense.- Not a big seating area, you actually have to wait quite a while if you want a table.Overall, come here when you have plenty of time, and be prepared to spend because you will work up an appetite by the time you get to the counter!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,5/27/2014,210,276,7,13,9>Ok so I am no Jamaican food expert but I've had it a few times. First off when you walk in you see a very clean dining room. I was greeted right away and I sat at the bar. Of course I had a Red Stripe but they offer a full bar and have several beers on tap and more in bottles. I started off with a meat patty which is not a patty at all but kind of a beef pocket pie. Very tasty and a bargain. 2 of these would make a meal for me easy and they are only 2 bucks. The menu is not large but has several good options. I went with the Jerk chicken since it was recommended by the staff. The jerk chicken came with some rice and peas(beans really), plantains, and steamed veggies. The chicken was dark meat and was not too spicy. What it was though was very flavorful and moist. The chicken was great paired with the rice. The plantains were ok but not really my thing. The steamed veggies were interesting with green bean, green peas, cabbage, and more. It was tasty and healthy.  I really felt welcomed and I talked with the staff including the chef. Another guy at the bar ordered soup but they were out. The chef then offered to make him some from scratch. Kind of a one off deal that really impressed me as a customer. Over all the friendly staff, Jamaican music , cleanliness, and great food will bring me back. I just wished it was closer to my house.  The location is right by Reliant stadium so it would be great before or after going to an event there.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,5/26/2014,238,77,9,10,7>I used to live in paradise aka Miami Beach. Beautiful sunsets, daily walks along the beach, bachata music, and a delicious neighborhood Argentinian bakery. When I took a bite into one of their empanadas, I regained a little bit of that Miami Beach magic. I say "a little bit" because most of the empanadas are Tex-Mex, so maybe I'm walking along Miami Beach in cowboy boots.The empanada crust is amazing! It is thick, bready with a slight outer crunch. The filling options seem endless! You are going to want to take minute to analyze the menu to figure out what the delicious crust is going to encase.So far, my favorite savory ones are:Beef "Gaucho"Texan BBQ: A must try if you love sweet BBQ sauce!Nacho MachoTex MexLas PampasMy favorite dessert one is the guava with cream cheese because this combination is the best I've ever had and absolutely screams Miami! Don't forget to stop by their website, and print out their coupon for a complimentary soup of the day or a regular dessert empanada! This coupon expires NEVER.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,5/25/2014,30,46,5,15,11>Stopped by on my way home from work. It is not that easy to find given the abstract font used to write 'oui'. Look right by Sport Clips.The space is minimalistic and open with good natural light pouring through. I was welcomed in with a beautiful smile from the owner (and pastry Chef). We got to talk for a few minutes and given how friendly she was, I took up her recommendation to try the chocolate mousse tart. Phenomenal! The cracker base had a fresh and lush flavor of butter. The mousse itself was delightfully light and creamy. The dessert came together very well in a perfectly sized portion. it cost approx 4$ which is not bad for the quality and location. On my second visit, I ordered the fruit tart. Perfectly balanced between a crunchy tart shell, creamy vanilla custard base and fresh fruits on top. It wasn't too sweet (unlike some of the other dessert shops in Houston). Oui desserts gets my coveted 5 starts because:- The pastry chef is amazing and makes me happy- The desserts taste like they have been made with care - fresh, simple and delivers satisfaction- The price and location can't be matched by anyone elseI will be back - next time its the lemon meringue tart
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,5/24/2014,275,269,6,13,10>Is there anything better when it comes to food than creamy dreamy ice cream? Not for this lady! I have had a love for ice cream since I was a toddler, and I blame my dad's deep love for Bluebell Ice Cream for encoding my DNA with the craving. I can't seem to get enough of really good ice cream, so when I learned about Hanks Ice Cream, I just knew that I had to give this place a try. Hanks is in an ever changing, always interesting, and very eclectic neighborhood close to the Reliant Stadium Park. Set along the busy Main Street of south Houston is this beloved Houston ice cream shop where even the likes of Beyonce Knowles and the other Destiny's Child singers have a signed autograph adorning the wall. Hank's walls are covered with so many celebrity autographed photos, that you may miss the walls that are painted pink.The place is older, the chairs have cracked and peeling vinyl, the floors look like old tiles from the 70's, and there's no customer bathroom, but all of this doesn't matter once you have a taste of Hanks homemade ice cream. Suddenly, the place just has character rather than looking like a dive, and you feel like you're sitting amongst greatness with all the celebrities who have eaten here.How does an ice cream loving woman decide which flavor to get when there are more than a dozen choices? Well, she decides to have samples of all the ones she's interested in...yes, I'm still talking about the ice cream - not men! I just couldn't bring myself to choose only one flavor, so I got a scoop of two. Why not? I'm already here to indulge, so indulge I did.I ended up with the oatmeal raisin cookie ice cream and the rum raisin ice cream. I realize that these probably seem the same, but they are, in fact, very different. The oatmeal raisin cookie ice cream tasted like a creamy frozen version of an actual oatmeal raisin cookie. The rum raisin had that wonderful flavor of rum balanced with the sweetness of the raisins. I had these piled into a cup since I didn't want to ruin the full flavor of the ice cream by eating them off of a cone. Don't get me wrong, I love ice cream cones, but I wanted to have an unadulterated experience with the ice cream to really gauge if it was good.Not only was the ice cream incredibly good, but it was soft as well. Not soft serving soft, but the kind of soft where it is in between being hard like when it is taken out of the freezer and just where you can actually get a scooper through it. For those who don't know, this is incredibly hard and truly an art form for any ice cream shop to master.Hanks is great to enjoy year round no matter if the weather is warm or not, because it's not as if the weather is ever too cold in Houston. This location isn't exactly convenient for me, but considering that their ice cream tastes like they use the secret ingredient of love, I will be back for more servings of this oh so yummy ice cream.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2013,5/23/2014,22,142,6,13,7>Given that the this was the fourth restaurant in this space to be named "2-letter's Grill" (ZK's, CJ's, BT's, and now JP's), I didn't hold out much hope.  The previous changes were literally in name only - same menu, same décor, same sticky tables and smoky truck-stop smell.  But, this is close to work, so it was easy to jump over and give them a try.No, JP's is totally different.  It's been remodeled, whole new menu, and NO SMOKING!  Finally!I've been there four times now, and I've been surprised (in a good way) by what's on offer.  I've become a huge fan of their onion rings.  They're not-quite-thick cut (about 1/4"), with just the right amount of batter and a nice crunch on the outside.  I wouldn't change a thing about them.  The sweet potato fries are just unreasonably good, too.  They taste like, well, roasted sweet potatoes.  They make other people's sweet potato fries taste like bland imposters.  Come here for the real thing!It's not just the sides that are good.  JP grills a good burger, too, with quality meat and fresh toppings.  The buns are sweet sourdough buns that remind me of the ones at Honey-Bee Ham (that is a good thing), nicely grilled.  The burgers here are decidedly on the messy side thanks to all the fixin's, but everything comes together in a gooey, messy, delicious whole.  Not sure what you want?  Get the Murphy Burger and let the kitchen decide.  They surprised me with a Frito pie burger, which definitely worked.Hot dogs are huge, also generously topped.  I like the Kitchen Sink, and the bacon cheddar dog is something to behold, too.  Don't overlook the hot dogs.There are a few dinner plates on the menu - chicken fried steak, hamburger steak (which looked so good that I'll probably get that next time I go in), things like that.  There are some salads, too, but... come one.  YOU pass up those burgers.Portions are generous on the fries, tots, and rings.  You won't leave hungry.There are only a couple of knocks here: I've had four different servers on four different visits; one was average, one was above average, one was terrific, and one was horrific.  I don't know what "normal" is here yet.  What is normal is that it'll take a little while to get your food.  Hopefully, the kitchen can speed up a bit, but not if it sacrifices quality.  It's a tight thing to go here on an hour lunch break, so maybe save it for a day when nobody will look at you funny if you're 15 minutes late getting back.  Or go at dinner or on the weekend with some good friends and have some time to catch up.Anyway, if any of you guys visit and actually have room for the milkshakes or other desserts, let me know if I should save room for one next time.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,5/22/2014,95,300,2,11,6>In a city where beef and BBQ dominate, it is refreshing to have a restaurant like Season's Harvest in my neck of the woods.  Every day presents a different organic farm-to-table menu;  always with a vegetarian options available.   I almost always choose the vegetarian option and leave full.  Mr. Beket and his family put a lot of love into their food options.  Their soups are amazingly good; their wraps and quesadillas are awesome and their breakfasts are hearty and good.  I always pick up a coffee to go when gastro-capacity permits.  If the weather permits, grab a table on the patio. Keep in mind that good food takes time, this is not McDonalds.   The quality and quantity of the food is properly reflected in their pricing.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,5/21/2014,607,68,9,15,10>WOW!!! That is literally how I felt as I walked in & out of Laurenzo's last night!! My husband said he'd like to eat dinner at a spot where he could get a great steak & be able to watch the game. So, as we were coming up on downtown, I jumped on my handy Yelp app & searched "Sports Grills". Soooo many pulled up, but Laurenzo's caught my eye due to the main pic being Prime Rib!! So we went on in, was told there was about a 20 min wait due to not having made a reservation, & surprisingly was seated in about less then 10 min. Perfect Booth along with a perfect waiter!!!Dallas was our server & when I say he was fantastic, I'm not exaggerating at all!! He was so good about describing each entree to us!! & we took his advice. We wanted a lil Steak & a lil Seafood, so we ordered the Red Fish which came with 1 of 4 sauces to choose from. I chose the one that had tomatoes, applewood smoked bacon (large pieces), jalapeños, & lump (very large) crab with shrimp!!! We also ordered the Prime Rib with Caesar Salad & loaded baked potato. Dallas was sooooo sweet & threw in an extra backed potato along with fresh bread!!! The food was soooooo good!!! We also ordered 2 beers, an iced tea, and a Frozen Strawberry Margarita. **1 of there margaritas will def have you tipsy if you're not a big drinker like me** We also got a slice of cheesecake, huge portion!! Our entire meal came to right at about $100 before tip. Not bad at all for the service, quality & portion size!!! There is soooo many sports photos (framed) to look at, (They are also for sale $$$$ ;)), along with plenty flat screens to watch the games on. Laurenzo's is a beautiful restaurant. I'm glad I was able to find the perfect place to take my husband for his birthday!!! We will def be going back in the future!!! **NOTE** THERE IS A CARD AT EACH TABLE WITH DESERT LIST, ON BACK THERE IS A NUMBER YOU CAN TEXT & LET THE MANAGERS KNOW WHAT TABLE YOU'RE AT & HOW YOUR SERVICE IS. I thought this was a cool feature & I def took advantage of it!!! ASK FOR DALLAS!!! This review has me hungry & wanting me to go back for more NOW!!!
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,5/20/2014,231,82,4,12,7>I know that everyone can use a little constructive criticism, but I really can't think of anything bad to say about this place!This place is just amazing. The service, the food, the ambiance... Flawless.I walked inside Provisions and for the life of me had no idea they had a secret door into The Pass. I felt like such a VIP! We ordered the 8 course meal, and I had the wine pairing while my partner had the cocktail pairing. It was more like a 10 course meal along with the amuse bouche and little dessert snacks they let us take home. Whatever the course, words will not do it justice. You will just have to try it for yourself!The servers would explain every wine and spirit, while the chefs would come out and deliver the course themselves. With multiple courses like this, I thought that I would be leaving hungry because of portion size, but I had to take my dessert to-go! I was stuffed!The Pass is wonderful, but if you're on a budget, this is not a place to go! For the two of us, it was a whopping $400 including tip! Definitely worth it, but only on special occasions for me. If I could afford it, I would go there at least once a week!
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,5/19/2014,84,97,5,12,13>Exiting the elevator on the 3rd Floor bar, I was very impressed with the layout and decor. Lots of areas made for groups to crowd around, and plenty of seating around the bar area. I was pleased to find a few of my top beers among their taps:Ommegang Three PhilosophersBuffalo Bayou More CowbellRogue Dead Guy AleLeft Hand Milk StoutMost of our party enjoyed their happy hour for Sunday; which included half off glasses of wine and their carafes for $18.00.These wonderful prices, and bartenders proving themselves knowledgeable of their wine, led to a cra-zay Sunday afternoon.Our group (Happy Birthday, Rachel B!) was the largest crowd, and we were able to walk freely from our seating area to the adorable patio area with ease.The music selection alone could get me to go back here -- even over the drinks!An awesome playlist of old school hip hop kept us tapping along to the beat.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,5/18/2014,84,118,7,13,11>Since I am currently the Dutchess of The Nook Cafe, I think I'm due for a review. My friends and I were super excited when we learned that new coffee place was going to be open at UH and the fact it was only within yards of the law building made even more appealing. Trust me... coffee is everything for grad students, probably more essential to our bodies than water. The Nook offers everything college students want, fresh brewed coffee at around $1.50, lots of fancy schmancy drinks, teas, pastries, cakes, etc. AND they even have a limited selection of wines and beers too. For the most part, I stick to coffee with the free refills ;). They also offer the "steampunk" coffee and tea, where they use a different brewing method to make the coffee/tea. It costs about $4 and is made to order. I've tried one of  these fancy "steampunk" coffees and they're not that great...You do get a bit more intense coffee flavor, but I really didn't taste a huge difference from the regular coffee. Other than the coffee, the atmosphere is super chill and relaxed! Like everything about this place screams hipster.... From the wooden utensils to the tables (refurbished doors) to the unfinished ceilings to blackboard walls. I'm really lovin' this place. I think the Nook brings in that cool college vibe that we've been missing. They have lots of seating and different areas with couches and tvs. Also have board games and stuff to play. The baristas are friendly and helpful; never had a bad experience here. Make sure to get the rewards card and get a free drink after 10 purchases!Thank you Nook Cafe for opening your doors and taking care of my daily coffee fix!
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,5/17/2014,340,388,5,11,9>Taqueria Del Sol is a little hole in the wall restaurant with the best type of Mexican Food I have tasted in Houston. My husband used to live in this area about 5 years ago and we would come here almost every night. This place is so good that when we have late night cravings we decide to come here. It is a far drive, but it is so worth it. The quesadilla, tacos al carbon, and tacos la Mexicana are the best dishes there that you just have to try. I have been to many taquerias all over Houston, but this taqueria is in the top 5. They also have karaoke nights and one more thing, there is a jukebox that plays loud rancheras, corridos, and Banda music. It can be annoying because of how loud it is, but you will get used to it. You have been warned! Hahaha.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,5/16/2014,94,189,6,11,7>I really like the Vietnamese coffee but I was not going to get another Teahouse coffee since the one on Westhiemer started using different ice causing there to be less coffee and more ice (look at my review there if you want to learn more), but I had a Groupon that was about to expire.  I am glad I went to the place that recently opened (June last year).  They serve the iced coffee like I am used to and the way it should be.  I've been there twice and it hasn't been packed yet, I don't have to wait in a line like the other one.  It's super clean, the people that work behind the counter are nice, and my order comes out quickly.  Can't really ask for anything more.I hope they get another GroupOn for this place. It's much smaller than the location on Westhiemer but I don't go to stay and study.  Just to get my coffee and go. I'd much rather go here than the other one now.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,5/15/2014,42,30,10,16,13>I absolutely love this place! Once you enter your greeted with a smile and feel welcomed. The atmosphere of this place is pretty cool and friendly.  I like how the family works together and are attentive of the customers by asking how's everything and if we need anything else. Excellent service.The tacos are very good here, fresh homemade flour and corn tortillas and they come off the griddle as you order. They serve breakfast and lunch tacos which are delicious. You can choose from different meats and flavors. My favorite is the chorizo with egg and potato, the chicken with mole sauce and the barbacoa. Very yummy tacos. They also make fresh juices like watermelon, orange juice, melon and more. I always forget to try one because the sign is kind of hidden behind the register, so once I get my tacos I go straight to the cooler and get a jarrito. But on my next trip I'll try one because I'm definitely coming back!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,5/14/2014,44,362,4,7,8>I came here on a Friday night, although I guess I came early since there were only about 4 other tables of patrons in the small dining room.  The old man (server) didn't speak much, I think we only got him to say one word the entire time.  He was busy for sure though.  I ordered the salted pike mackerel, seafood pancake and Galbi.  The flavors were excellent with every dish.  Probably my favorite was the pancake although some of the seafood in it wasn't fresh. The fish/dipping sauce on the table made up for it though.  total time waiting for the food to come from the kitchen this night was only 35 minutes, which seemed very reasonable.  Total damage was $60 after tax and tip.  I think I'm more of a fan of the cook your own BBQ, but the atmosphere at this place is definitely something to experience once in your life.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,5/13/2014,195,88,9,14,13>This is new Friday night spot! The best happy hour. $1 beers $3 well drinks! Budweiser for the hub and Cape Cod for me. Jes is an awesome bar-tender makes kind with the patrons while serving up a good drink. You will not be forgotten.As for the food; the burger is pretty good. Nothing to write home about. But those chili cheese fries make u wanna slap your momma. Crawfish are pretty darn good as well. I'm not here to eat dinner so haven't had much else off of the menu. If you are not at the bar you are pretty much forgotten. The other waitresses suck. We made the mistake of sitting at a table once..well there wasn't any seats at the bar. Needless to say we were forgotten along with the immediate tables around us. The manager is usually there and makes it a point to come around and introduce himself. Oh you can usually catch a nice live band. It's a nice size bar so bring some friends!
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,5/12/2014,194,103,14,17,19>There once was a man who had magic hands. The genie who granted this man his magic hands told the man he could make anything with these hands. He could turn water in wine, straw into gold, stone into silver, even dirt into diamonds. But the man wanted neither wine nor gold, neither silver nor diamonds. What he wanted to make, with his magic hands, was the best damn naan ever made in human history. So everyday, this little man stands before a tandoori oven and makes, with his magic hands, the fluffiest, most perfectly charred, divinely seasoned, flawlessly baked naan known to man. Stacks on stacks of naan are tossed into the air with his giant naan-flipping spatula, stretched and twirled with his magic hands. And everyday, the customers of Shiva Restaurant get the chance to watch this man with his magic hands through the window of the kitchen. And then they get to eat his out-of-this-world creation for $1.75. Do you get the picture? One does not simply enter Shiva (literally translating to "Godly") Restaurant without ordering their divine naan.  DO IT. And that's all said without even mention of the delicious tandoori chicken these people have goin on in the back. Oh my god the chicken. I'd write another fable about this restaurant's chicken, but I am too busy drooling now. Do yourself a favor and order the chicken MURGH MAKHNI. That's tandoori chicken in a yogurt-based tomato sauce. This sauce is a hug on a plate. Serious comfort sauce, with its creaminess, warmth, and perfect spice blend. I feel like it's something my childhood was missing.  Soak a piece of naan in this beautiful chicken-tomato concoction and consider yourself two bites from Nirvana. Oh mama. And if my earnest plea for you to experience this wondrous meal isn't enough for you, maybe the price tag will convince you to give it a go. That murgh makhni dish is $10.95 and the amount you get out of it is enough for two people. Tell me where else you can get a ticket to culinary nirvana with magic naan for less than $6 a person?? Enough reviewing, go see the man with the magic hands and eat his magic naan and dip the magic naan in the magic murgh makhni sauce and live happy.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,5/11/2014,439,285,26,31,28>Fantastic place to get tamales and down right inexpensive tex-mex food.  I don't know many places that can serve up a plate of refried beans, mexican rice and two tamales AND toss in some hand made flour tortillas for under $6.00!!  Heck, I got the extra large gigantoid Coke Zero (yes, they serve it here) and my meal was STILL under 8 dollars before tax!  The chips and queso are awesome here as well.  I dont know how they make their chips, but they are FRESH and taste incredible.  Probably fried in unicorn tears is my guess.  FANTASTIC!!!  I could not stop eating these!I have had the tamales, the enchiladas, more queso than my cardiologist wants to hear about and those chips!!!!If you are in the area, this is a fantastic place to go to get some awesome food AND not pay a fortune to eat it.Solid 5 stars -- because the quality is just that good and the prices cannot be beat.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,5/8/2014,416,295,6,12,7>Having been a quasi regular of the old Marfreless I was skeptical at best about such a move made. Perhaps I am clinging on to my old memories. New new management buying the name and along with it the locally famous stories? Now as well as then the speakeasy feel of the inconspicuous unmarked blue door behind the famous River Oaks theater adds that something special.Great move and even better result. The new Marfreless is the best example of a high end cocktail bar in Houston. From the well renovated decor to the personnel everything can be described as first class all the way. Honorable mention..I was pleasantly surprised at the new stereo system and jams the spin. Keep the ball caps/sneakers being and wear some nice threads. This is not the dressed down kind of place. That much is certain. Drinks are top notch and still retains the award winning martini's they used to sling. Also retained a couple of their bartenders! Prices are a bit high. I would say about 50% more than what it used to be but for good reason. Cost of this landmarks face lift along with a price point that makes it difficult for those annoying $30K millionaire types to stick around. Worth checking out so put on your best. It will probably earn a second, a third and so on.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,5/7/2014,117,62,10,14,12>This place is kinda hard to find, but just look for a large gym and then you will see the restaurant.  When you walk in, you are greeted by the hostess who either seats you or gives you a buzzer as they don't take reservations, but it is worth the wait, especially if you like spicy food!  I LOOOVEE spicy so I really enjoyed everything we ate but holy smokes the Thai seem to have a different spice scale.  It was actually a conflicting meal, the food tasted soo yummy that you wanted to keep eating it, but then the spice factor hits you and you are conflicted if you should keep going or not.  It didn't stop me and the girls, but it was hilarious because by the end of the meal the guys were sweating like crazy while the girls just chuckled at our guys (I guess girls really can handle more pain than guys) and haha one of the guys even ordered Durian ice cream to have something milk based to neutralize the spice...If you can't handle spice I would ask for mild/none if possible so you can really taste the flavors/enjoy your meal.Appetizer Tray: spicy cheese rolls, spring rolls, Thai Gourmet Dumplings, and choice of Satay OH my!  This is nice to share if y'all want to try a few of the appetizer in one swoop!  Everything was perfectly fried and delicious, I was also surprised how tender their chicken satay was which tasted even yummier with their dipping sauces.Pad Thai (mild spice): perfectly cooked rice noodles with a balanced amount of acid, sourness, sweetness, and saltiness, the perfect nesses?  Anyways, this is always my go to safe bet.Drunken Noodles(mild spice): A bit more sweet and sour than Pad Thai, same type of noodle, but fatter (wider) with garlic, tomatoes, onions, mushrooms, bell peppers, carrots, and basil.  Haha I get this to get more veggies in my diet, but probs still not the healthiest.Green Curry Chicken (hot spice): Coconut based curry with bamboo shoots, basil, and green curry paste.  This was ordered hot and man this pretty much numbed my tongue, oh and watch out for the green Thai chili's!Durian Ice Cream: Not many people like durian but I don't mind it.  Their ice cream was creamy with little chunks of durian. Overall, I enjoyed our dining experience, the food was delicious and the service was pretty good (at least our water was always filled, which is super important with all this spice!) and the ambiance is really pretty, like transplanting you to Thailand.  I would definitely recommend this place for your Thai fix.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,5/6/2014,26,101,13,15,13>Came back for another visit and fooled myself into thinking that I could do the AYCE fried catfish and popcorn shrimp platter and come out of it saving money and beating the system, but I was dead wrong. So so so so wrong. The system curb stomped me in the face.I think it all stems from how I envision my appetite before a meal. I start off as seeing myself with the appetite of an outrageously hungry Dothraki man warrior and then mid way through a meal, I revert to tiny girlish appetite. I'm always fists pounding on the table screaming, "WHY CAN'T I EAT MOAR. WHY AM I SOO FULLLLLLL. BODY PLEASE STOP RESISTING." It's a constant struggle that I'm learning to live with.If you have a normal-sized human stomach opt out of the AYCE and get the regular platter (or get some crawfish etouffee!) One helping of the AYCE was more than enough and you'll save a couple of bucks if you just get the regular which comes with all the same things anyways. But if you are a monster and can eat multiple plates of deep fried goodness, be my guest. I will be there to applaud you, you freak.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,5/5/2014,189,326,1,12,6>I've only been to this place twice but I'm glad I found a place that makes delicious HK milk tea! Great tea flavor! Definitely must order with your dish. The HK coffee sounds delicious too so I might have to try that next time.As for food, I've tried the fish ball noodle soup (as well as curry fish ball), chicken nuggets, spaghetti bolognese, and lobster sauce noodles. I love fish ball noodle soup! It's so simple yet I can't seem to make the perfect broth. Glad to know Hong Kong Cafe will pick up on my failure. I think I enjoy the regular fish ball noodle soup over the curry as the curry seemed to get salty after a while. I'm not really a fan of the spaghetti bolognese. It was a little sweet in my opinion and I rather have tasted some of the tomato flavor. However like all spaghetti, it was delicious the next day as leftovers! I also wasn't a huge fan of the chicken nuggets. I've had better so it won't  be something I'll be coming here for.As for the lobster noodles, I'm not a huge fan of lobster, but these noodles had a delicious wok taste! Definitely something my bf enjoyed, but I'll probably stick to my fish ball noodle soup. Remember: This place is CASH ONLY.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,5/4/2014,195,262,1,12,9>I'm not really a traditional sandwich person in all honesty. I may crave one here and there but it's definitely not at the top of my list of lunch options most days. It's been a while since I have been won over by a deli joint. In fact lets just say it's been over a year since I had that wow I could eat sandwiches more often than not if they consistently tasted like this. So with that said let's hope for consistency cause I intend on visiting Brown Bag again. So as with the way ordering systems seem to go these days, write your own order out. You grab a clip board with a brown bag attached with all your options and fill it out, don't forget to write your name on the bag. The bag idea is cute given your getting it to go, if you're not seems like a waste of product. Combo #1 - Sandwich, chips, drink $8.95+Tax Wheat bread, oven roasted turkey, horseradish white cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle, & deli mustard, jalapeño heat kettle chips, & I'm sold! The bread, so I am a bread snob I'm sure I've mentioned that! It's got a hint of a sweet flavor and I'd like some more. Large portion of meat is given, thank you for not skimping on this. Everything tasted great, especially the bread, and was all fresh. Great lunch spot or call in and order to go.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,5/3/2014,87,181,5,11,8>If you want personalized attention and healthy, organic foods at reasonable prices, why would you go ANYWHERE else in town? And there is no way I can't mention the super friendly, super humble owners that get to know all their customers.I regret never having come here when I lived on this side of town but they're so well hidden, it's hard to see them. Now I make it a point to go by every time I'm on this side of town.I haven't tasted everything on the menu, but I will say there are some things that are better and some that are not. I don't know why, but the chocolate cake I picked up was a little dry. But I'm sure if I had pointed that out to them, they would have tried to fix it for me. It's just the kind of people they are. (When my juice had too much celery, they added more of the other ingredients to balance it out again. Who does that nowadays?)Let me go off into a little story for a second...About nine months ago, I went to LA with my sister. And we all know LA is a land of super healthy (sometimes rude) people who really care about what they eat. When we were in Santa Monica, at one point, my sister and I ventured into this little grocery store/restaurant off of the beach streets and they had freshly squeezed juices. Well, there was no way my sister could pass it up so we bought a green juice. I swear, I never thought I'd be one to WANT to drink green juices, but I've been craving this green juice ever since. In fact, I loved that green juice so much, I took a picture of the ingredients to try to make it myself when I came back to Houston. But with life being so busy, I never really got the chance.And then I found Eatwell Bakery. When they told me they make everything from scratch, no preservatives, no food coloring, no hormone-grown anything, I knew I found the perfect place for having green juices. But they didn't have a green juice on the menu. How could that be?So I started talking to the owner (and her husband?) and they told me to give them the list of ingredients and they'd make it for me the next time I came in. And guess what: now there is a green drink on the menu that's called "Iana's Green Juice." That's right. My amazing LA-inspired green juice is now served somewhere in Houston.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,5/2/2014,128,244,8,17,12>I saw this new store with a catchy name, but couldn't say it. So, I asked someone to pronounce it for me. It sounds like "p-kin."I was attracted by its window signs - free wifi, cell phone charging and make your own sandwich. Meanwhile, it's a Mexican restaurant. My curiosity got stronger when I saw an organ with some old-fashioned chairs circled in a corner of dining room. According the manager Hilda, people loved to sit there and take a picture to share it with their friends on social media, like Facebook.She was so hospitable and gave me a tour of the restaurant. There is a charging cable at each table - 3 connector types. In the back of dining room, she showed me an old portrait of her family and the old country Mexican-style decor. The fajita was phenomenon. One of her brothers cooked the chicken and beef fajita from scratch, not frozen. Although, there is a surcharge for fajita meat. The breads are custom-sized torta bread - bigger than Subway's foot long and more substance in texture.Here is how you do it: - Order your choice of meat, cheese and bread on a half or full sized bread.- Toasted or not toasted. (I liked it toasted)- Go to the fixing bar and put whatever topping or sauce you want on it. No extra charge for guacamole. - Grab a seat and enjoy!There are plenty of parking. It's conveniently located next to Larry's BBQ Buffet on the west end of strip mall. Great stop for people who travel down Highway 290.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,5/1/2014,148,103,10,14,15>I dig it! This place has an interesting, slightly funky decor, from the contemporary design of the chairs, to the bright colors of the wall paint as well as the wall art. They offer eight flavors of yogurt, which one would think would be enough, but I wasn't feeling very adventurous flavor wise, and most of the flavors didn't appeal to me at all. When I went, they were offering peach (not a fan of peaches at all), pomegranate (pomegranate by itself is too bitter for me), pistachio (no thanks), the plain tart flavor (seriously?!), and some other flavors that I don't remember but really wasn't interested in at all.  Give me cake batter from Orange Leaf any day! So, I went with vanilla. It was creamy and delicious, but vanilla is vanilla, you know? I WILL give them props for having a nice variety of toppings, and for keeping them so neatly arranged in the little plastic tubs with tops on them. The toppings are a little difficult to get to, but they're not covered in gnats or anything gross, either. I'll take that tradeoff, thank you very much.This place caters to the teenage crowd, with all of the tables set with Connect Four game boards and pieces, as well as a big beanbag toss. Hey, while you're here, you won't be bored! P.S. --Who wants to play Connect Four with me??? :)
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,4/30/2014,225,440,15,12,13>But I really wanted a blueberry scone Mr. Bartender...The Pastry War is not a pastry bar, but a well stocked ta-kill-ya bar.  I used to drink some pretty cheap tequila back in my college days but can't say I have the liver for it much now.  Their menu is stocked with loads of imported agaves and very few that I had ever heard of, or could pronounce.  I guess 2 years of Spanish did not teach me all I needed to know!I love the decor and love how they have the feel of an outdoor patio while still being indoors.  In the colder months, this place is great to give you a tropical feel while you wear your Uggs. The standup bar is fairly small, which would be my only complaint.  It's located in the middle of the space and narrows the main walkway, making it a bit of a chore to explore the back room in a crowd.  They have booths up front and a couple tables in the back, along with some pool tables that are free.  Clean bathrooms and reasonable prices are a bonus too!
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,4/29/2014,84,87,9,15,15>I'm actually kind of sad that Poscol is moving. "Magical" is the first word that comes to mind when I think of this beautiful little place. But I know, the new location is supposed to be bigger and better and NOT next to a dry cleaners. Good for Marco Wiles.Poscol gets 5 stars for their candelit, romantic-but-not-overbearing ambiance. The food is anywhere from a 3.5 to a 4.5 - I've been lucky enough to try a lot of stuff off their menu. Generally, portions are medium to large, prices are low, and waiters are friendly, attentive, and helpful in providing suggestions. The bread is served lukewarm and wrapped in foil paper with no butter or olive oil. This was initially appalling until I googled "bread in Italy." Turns out that Italians don't dip their bread. Meh, ok, redeemed. Still not my cup of tea though.Last night, we ordered the chalkboard specials of the day:$10 Italian wings served with gorgonzola and a marinara dipping sauce as an appetizer. The wings were slightly bland and really needed the gorgonzola to bring out any flavor. $22 Hanger steak in mushroom sauce served with mashed potatoes. The steak was tender, juicy, flavorful, and cooked to perfection. The mashed potatoes were rich and creamy, but not so soft that I didn't find bits of potato hidden inside. $22 Grilled snapper served with broccoli. I was hopeful that the snapper would melt in my mouth, but it was a little dry and a bit too fishy for my taste. The broccoli wasn't anything to write home about either.Next time, I'll go back to mixing and matching the meats, cheeses, pastas, risotto, etc. I'll admit that it took me a while to make it to Poscol because their online menu is kind of confusing. Don't let this stop you, though. Just ask for help and your waiter will be happy to explain.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,4/28/2014,78,135,17,21,15>Just driving home, minding my business, and a colorful sign caught my eye.GRAND OPENING, SLICES AND ICESI like a business that's not afraid to bold tell you what they have to offer.But for the average Texan, Websteronian, Clear Lake-ite, Friendswoodine, I very much doubt slices and ices would signal a primal urge to pull your late model Japanese car over 3 lanes of traffic.  *sorry to the teenager driving the Range Rover Sport*Slices - Slices of Pizza - A pizza place that focuses on the slice....Ices - As in Italian Ice or Water Ice, Sorbetto's long lost and forgotten cousin from America.This my friend, this is an East Coast establishment.From the, "What would you like, Boss"...to the "Hey guys, your calzones are ready..."Now if you're from the City, you know pizza falls into a few categories.- Gutter slices - basically anything that says 99 cents, comes off a conveyor belt.  Every New Yorker's shameful habit.  Only transplants admit that they patronize these places.  And they do so gleefullly.- Naples/Neapolitan style - this is the frou frou/chic/wine list sort of place, that makes pizza OG style (although I guess Original Gangsta is more than appropriate for pizza from Napoli), often with tasty but charred bits atop and below.  This the style currently en vogue from coast to coast.- The Tourist/Flyover pizza - aka the chains that desperately need a place in nyc, using their chain money to displace some mom and pop place..And then there's the corner slice.  Unlike the dirty water dog, this is the common man's small luxury.A true New Yorker, New Jersey-ean, person from the East Coast....they all crave that corner slice from their child hood.  Something you would pop into on your way from school, a couple of older guys in front of hot gas oven, Italian ices during the summer, and the entire united nations of customers munching on slices of various incarnations.  You can tell how old school the joint is when you see that they offer Anchovies.That's what Slices and Ices is referencing.But instead of boiling under a weak fan and hearing the ball game on the radio, S&I has a really modern space (the old Moo Yah space), with ample seating, air conditioning, the menu on monitors, and a flat screen TV playing the game.   The surly sometimes/grandfatherly/Grandmotherly cashier is replace with a nice young person.  In terms of menu They offer the classics - plain slice (cheese to folks not from the Atlantic side), pepperoni, various toppings, the Silician slice and the Grandma SlceThey offer the modern classics  - Chicken marsala, chicken parmesan, penne vodka, buffalo chicken, grilled chicken caesar.  These "permutations" are really common all over NYC offered by legit spots as well as suspect "brick oven" places.  And boy are they popular...And what looks to be some accommodations for the local market - chicken bacon ranch and pulled pork, and a taco pizza pie.Ices - They had cherry in addition to about 12-14 other flavors.  I only ever get cherry, so I couldn't tell you what.So how was it?  Was I transported back to Snyder and Church Avenue?  Got a plain slice and a grandma slice, bookended with a fountain soda and small cherry Italian ice.For a brief second yes.Cheese was on point.  Had the right amount of grease.  Sauce was there, not too much, not too little.  But how was the crust?  The backbone?They have 4 gas(?) ovens.  No conveyor belt evilness here.  Crust came out crisp and even.  Definitely needs some work, possibly a recipe twist.Putting it all together though, it was a quality slice.  Much better than local offerings, and possibly the best *slice* joint in all of the city.  For pizza obsessives, I think you should make the trip past the "Clear Lake Narrows"
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,4/27/2014,229,174,24,22,19>I swore I already reviewed this place two years ago, but anyways, this is a true Htown landmark here!! If you're in town visiting or just been living under a rock, then you should be heading over here after reading one of the many five star reviews about this place including this one!I first became aware of this place a few years ago but didn't try it until I had the original of this concept from Roscoe's chicken and waffles. So about 3 years ago we took a trip to LA and stepped into the famous Roscoe's and it was AMAZING!!!!! So naturally when we returned we wanted to see how this place stacked up next to it. After seeing all the hype on GMA as best breakfast in America we woke up early one Sunday morning and left our NW suburban area to let our taste buds judge this establishment. First thing I noticed as mentioned by others is the monsterous line that wraps around the building. Now don't be discouraged by this as the line moves well and you can get complimentary water while you wait and the sweet elder lady is very entertaining as she interacts with the crowd. Oh yea there are tents lined up to help with the sun but you really can't avoid the humidity in Houston, Ha!I ordered the catfish and grits and the wife opted for the wings and waffles. The catfish is seasoned to perfection and battered with a flaky deliciousness. The grits are smooth with the right amount of butter and salt along with the eggs and toast. Now what we really came here for, the wings and waffles, these are the best waffles I've ever had and yes I said it and stand tall by it, so get at me if that offends you!! Now once I took my first bite into these wings(keep in mind that I hate wings!!!) my eyes rolled back and I almost yelled out, "Domino muthaf$&@ers!!" as I was slapping bones down on the table. I'm kind of glad that this place is super far from my home because if I lived closer I would definitely eat here at least twice a week and gain an insane amount of weight eating here. Yup, do what you're now thinking and go get you some!!!
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,4/25/2014,67,121,5,27,10>This review will be a novel about my first ever digital perm experience. If you have time and/or care the least bit, proceed on.MY HAIR + CONSULTATION:Over the last year, I've been contemplating on getting a perm because my hair is long, thick and flat, and all I wanted was to have that sexy Victoria's Secret model's voluminous curls. 6 months ago I chickened out and opted for an ombre hairstyle that turned out to be more low lights than anything else. Other than that stint half a year ago, my hair was and has always been relatively healthy considering I don't know how to use a curling iron nor do I bother to straighten my hair anymore. Yet, I was wary because I've read so many reviews that said if you have color in your hair, don't get a digital perm, etc. So I called Jessica Hair Studio and Eric told me to come in that night for a consultation with Jessica, who is obviously THE queen of digital perms. The consultation did take a little bit longer than I expected, almost 30 minutes waiting and 15 minutes for the consultation, scheduling, and holiday deposit processing. But since Jessica's one of the best, I was willing to stick it out even though I was slightly irritated. After she looked at my hair, agreed that it was healthy enough, and made sure I had no bleach from the low lights, I made a reservation for the following Friday (exactly two weeks ago).FINALLY GETTING IT DONE!!:My appointment was at 2pm and I didn't leave until almost 7pm. Five hours is a long time, but it was worth it and they have wi-fi! Since my low lights had lightened up a lot, Jessica thought it would be better to trim my hair to get rid of the blonder ends. She was quick, yet thorough and meticulous about the trim, which I really appreciated since I only get my hair "cut" like once a year. After the trim (about 3 inches), she moved me from the left counter to the right counter and applied some softener to my hair for the perm. (Jessica is a busy lady so don't be surprised if a few different people work on you for the smaller things like Amy washed my hair and helped add the softener, Linda helped attach the rollers, Eric followed up with me while I looked like Medusa, etc.) After my hair took the softener solution, Amy washed my hair and brought me back to get the rollers in. Once the rollers were in my hair and all was connected to the heat machine, I sat for maybe an hour and a half until the timer went off. ?? My time may be skewed, but I know I watched quite a few episodes of HIMYM on Netflix! Once the rollers came off, I went back for my final wash and got my hair styled. I personally think I could have easily left around 6 or 6:30p, but we started off a bit late and Jessica spent quite some time showing me how to style my hair while drying it, using the diffuser, etc. (I'm a major hair & beauty noob.) TWO WEEKS LATER:Even though I was scared out of my mind that my curls were going to fall out immediately, I can happily say that the perm is still intact. The curls have even fallen into "place," and looks quite nice now. It's very easy to style especially with a diffuser, but I think my curls look better when I just air dry my hair after applying the milk lotion to it. My hair also isn't damaged very much; it sometimes looks kind of dry on the ends where my low lights were but Jessica tried to minimize that problem and I'm very thankful for that.OVERALL EXPERIENCE:Prices are pretty steep for being an Asian owned hair salon in the heart of Chinatown, but forget the $$$ when you're looking for the right kind of professionals and experts to guarantee you won't look like a poodle after your first perm. I applaud Jessica, Eric, and their staff for getting me fabulous results, even if it took me a few days to really fall in love with the perm. The only problem I had was that one of the hot rollers was not heating up as much and it caused a small (bottom) section of my hair to not be as curly as the rest of my head. In the end, I'm fine with the fact and I appreciated that Jessica & Eric were willing to do anything and everything to keep me satisfied. They apparently have a 14 days guarantee for digiperms, and Jessica gives out a great discount to come back within 31 days to get a hair treatment too. Best part about getting this digital perm? My hair actually smelled good afterwards since Jessica doesn't use any harsh chemicals. Perfecto!
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,4/24/2014,137,165,14,20,10>Weekday lunch is by far the best deal at $26.50 per person. Salad bar is pretty decent (I still like Fogo's more...it's the mothership) as are the fresh sides they bring to your table (chimichurri, salsa, hot sauce, fried plantains, cheesy bread - GAH IT'S SO GOOD, fried squares of something?). Loved the meats - esp the house special and the garlic beef. The service was ridiculously good, almost too good. I think I spent more time talking to waiters than I did to my husband who was eating with me...a different waiter stopped by every other minute to check up on how we were doing. It was a waiter roulette. So many waiters. Also weird fact - a waiter WILL take away your fried bananas if you have 1/2 a banana or less left. The food wastage drives me nuts so I had to let our numerous waiters know that I would indeed finish all of the bananas (and I ate a lot of bananas....).
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,4/23/2014,320,212,8,14,11>This is my birthday surprise from my friends this year and it was one of the best presents ever. I have mentioned several times that I wanted to try it, but just never made the plans to do so. Reservations must be made in advance - way in advance, because this place is that good and people book it constantly. So, plan ahead.The food is absolutely AMAZING. I had the pork bellies and they were delicious. I also had the surf and turf, which is as near perfect as any cook could ever hope to get. If I was not in public, I would have probably started licking the plate. I finished with Creme Brulee, which is always tricky for places to get right. This one was a work of art and quite YUMMY. The service is delightful and very polished. I would HIGHLY recommend this little hidden gem to anyone. It is perfect for a romantic dinner for 2 or a group of 6 (like we had). I had such a great time and can't wait to tell everyone that will listen.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,4/22/2014,109,85,12,20,16>I really like the location and the view from The Grove.  You have a nice view of Discovery Green, and depending on what is going on there and at the convention center, the people watching can also be great. I went there last weekend for the second time.  The first time was after an all day fiasco at Discovery Green with the kids, so everyone was tired, hungry and grumpy, and noone had any fun.  So I didn't think it would be fair to review them then.But last weekend, I got to look around and actually enjoy myself.  The ambiance was really nice, the server friendly and attentive, the food was delicious and the drinks were tasty.We ordered a gnocchi appetizer that was just phenomenal.  I can't even begin to describe how delicious it was.  It had kale and pecans and some kind of a honey topping.  I'm drooling just thinking about it now.For my main entree I had the shrimp and grits.  They were also good.  Not fantastic, but certainly nothing I would avoid in the future.  They had a nice cocktail menu, and though I can't remember which one I ordered, I remember enjoying it.  Dessert was also fantastic.  We ordered beignets with some sort of a nutella dipping sauce.  Oh my goodness, so awesome!  Overall, I am a big fan.  Our water glasses were always full, empty plates promptly removed, etc.  I would go back.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,4/21/2014,153,102,8,14,11>I LOVE boba! So a while ago I went to a tapioca place and I reviewed that place less than 3 stars because I was not impressed and for the price, was never going back. I knew about I heart boba but the locations were not convenient enough for me to stop by. Well, HELLO I-Heart-Boba-off-Champions! This place is so convenient and very clean!I stopped by one night and noticed that the menu isn't huge, which is good! It has teas, milk-teas, smoothies and what not, but doesn't go overboard with their drinks. We know how that is when a tapioca place has all these random drinks and they are not recommended! I tried the matcha green milk tea and the milk tea. Both solid drinks I would recommend. The matcha green milk tea isn't green by the way, so don't be confused. My boyfriend has also had the matcha green milk tea slushy, which was the same aspect except when we had it, it had a bit too much ice crushed up so it watered down the drink. I haven't tried the actually boba balls there, but I will soon! Will be coming back soon!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,4/20/2014,90,85,5,13,13>I'm on orders from the boyfriend to write a rave review of this place. We grabbed a table outside and were a little chilled. The helpful waiter Ryan grabbed a propane heater and fired it up. There was a table of small children near by, so he erected a barrier of chairs to block off any potential trips or spills into the fired up heaters. This waiter obviously went above and beyond to protect the little ones. I think it reflects the family-friendly atmosphere of the restaurant. I'm a bit hesitant to say "family-friendly" because it has the connotation of sacrificing quality or having a bunch of screaming children running around, but it has very grownup food with well-behaved kids hanging out.The food was delicious! We got the fried brussel sprouts, guanciale burger, and the firecracker. The brussel sprouts were delicious, but a little sour for me. The BF thought they were perfection. The guanciale burger was really amazing and the bun was fantastic! The sriacha aioli (read mayo) was delicious and I wanted to slather it on everything...including the pizza. The roasted sweet potato wedges were super carmelized and reminded me of a chewy toffee layer. It was so tasty and spicy. I loved it! The firecracker pizza was more suitable as an appetizer for two rather than a full course. The crust was thin, but the edges almost seemed fried. I really enjoyed the salty prosciutto and the fresh arugula. It was pretty good, but not great.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2013,4/19/2014,102,108,8,12,10>Holy ice cream batman! I LOVE THIS PLACE!It's nestled in a very quaint little area of Kirby, in close distance to Local Foods, Benjy's, and Coppa. Can't say I have anything to complain about, except for the fact that it's so far away from me. I usually have to go out of my way to get here, but it's worth it to my sugar-addicted-tummy. I wanted to pick a couple of pints up for Christmas (yes, she LOVED it), but was running late from a Rockets game. The store was about to close, so we called to let them know. They were very gracious... and even though I came a few minutes before close, I appreciated how they were nice about it over the phone. :) Yes, it costs more than Blue Bell since they live in some pricy real estate, but don't freak out!  They have flavors not akin to your grocery store type variety, and IMHO it is worth it. I haven't gotten all the flavors yet because I tend to stick to Nutella, but my friends haven't complained about any combos they've gotten!!~ Nutella & Marshmallows - not too sweet, perfect chocolatey flavor, marshmallows are whole and yum!~ Toasted Rice - tastes very much like toasted rice. it works though?! strange...ly good!~ Peanut Butter - fan of PB? you should like this! ~ Vanilla - very creamy & rich. I usually get Nutella w/ something else or by itself. It isn't overbearing and never too sweet! I even have an appetite after a big meal. I've had only good experiences here! Pretty consistent. Next time, I'll probably try the banana split. Heard great things about it! The name? So cute. The ice cream? Swoon. Gimme a pint. Then gimme some more. If you like sweet ass dessert, then maybe it's not for you. For me... FIVE STARS!!!!
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,4/18/2014,117,100,16,20,14>Me and BF came here for the second time this morning. I've waited to write this review, because I'm struggling to find words for my experience here. Let me preface this by saying, being a born and raised Texan, I have always thought BBQ was kind of over rated. . . BLASPHEMY, I know, forgive me. I've always preferred pork ribs over beef ribs, in the past. I can't think of another instance where I willingly, even cheerfully stood in line for 1-1.5 hours to get a meal. I wasn't a huge fan of bread pudding. I never understood people's obsession with brisket. I thought of it as a dry inferior pot roast, usually smothered in a thick and unpleasant sticky sauce. I didn't know what bone in pork belly was. . . These misconceptions and pure ignorance plagued me before I was schooled by Killen. I don't want to taint any memory of these 2 meals I've had there with my fumbling stab at describing them, but I will say this: If you only come once, the beef rib is a must. Period. Just do it. Don't ask questions. Thus far, we have tried (in order of deliciousness):1) beef ribs2) bone in pork belly3) moist brisket4) housemade sausage5) turkey6) pulled pork 7) pork ribs1) bread pudding2) potato salad3) cole slaw4) banana pudding 5) mac and cheese
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2013,4/17/2014,328,306,7,24,12>AAAAKIIIIIRAAAA! If the smiling face of the owner/chef looks familiar, it should! Akira Asano spent many years taking care of customers as the manager of Kubo's in the village, working with the original Kubokawa (now with him again here) and Horiuchi (now at Kata Robata) and now has this venture of his own. Located off Memorial Drive near Boheme, it doesn't face the street so you'll have to watch for the sign in between some small shopping strips. Good sized parking lot and a large patio out front. Entering takes you into a narrow bar area, with the dining room to the right. We opted for the sushi bar (I especially like this if I'm trying a new place) and were happy to meet (or be re-introduced to) Akira-san. The menu had all kinds of things I wanted so the over-ordering began.Tako wasabi: raw octopus marinated in wasabi - great taste and texture, not too spicyGoma ae: cold cooked spinach w/ black sesame paste - refreshing breakTuna carpaccio: sliced tuna w/ ponzu? sauce and jalepenoShishamo: smelt fish filled with roe, yumsKatsu curry: panko fried pork patty with rice and curry sauce - I am still thinking of this days later! Get extra pickled onion and radishes.Soft shell shrimp - light batter fried, crispy, freshGindara - tender and salty/sweetShishito skewers - sweet then spicyYakitori (white meat chicken w/ sauce) - dry, the only dish I didn't care for Nasu (eggplant) skewers - I don't like eggplant but this was pretty goodPork belly skewers - fatty and lean meat w/ onions, nice and savoryWe had a fantastic time eating, drinking, chatting with Akira-san, and watching the football game (TV at the sushi bar). The staff is very laid back and casual - which was fine with us, but I think some people might see it as unprofessional. If I'm being taken care of as a customer then I don't really mind, especially when the entire atmosphere of the place is casual like that. There were a LOT of Japanese patrons, which speaks to the authenticity of the food. I'm super stoked that it's fairly close to my area and will definitely be in the regular rotation! Kanpai!
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,4/16/2014,130,201,11,20,14>For fastfood fried chicken, this joint is on point. Tuesdays are the way to go! They have two specials on Tuesdays: 2 piece for $1, and a 2 piece combo with fries and drink for $3.99! So for $4.98 I got four pieces of chicken, fries and a drink. The fries are subpar, but lemme tell you about the chicken.Unlike other spots where the chicken is never piping hot even if its straight out the fryer, this stuff burned my fingerprints right off! It's very crunchy on the outside, and nicely seasoned and the chicken is super juicy and super duper hot(temperature wise)!I no longer visit popeyes. L.F.C it is from now on!
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,4/15/2014,109,483,11,15,12>We passed this place on our way to Market Square and on our way back from eating a not so great dinner at another place. I was in awe over the beautiful patio with the hanging lights and the great view of the lit up clock tower. I was like "UGH SHOULDA GONE THERE!" (Grumpy Cat face) We stopped and peered longingly through the window at the guy on the tiny stage playing the Spanish guitar. I had stars in my eyes and was swooning hardcore. Not because he was hot or anything, mostly because this is JUST the sort of thing that would draw me into a place like this. The husband agreed to go in for a few small bites and a couple of drinks. The inside is also as dreamy as the patio with exposed brick walls, live Spanish guitar and flickering candle sets a la Catholic church. We were greeted with "do you have a reservation?" I guess this is a common theme for downtown restaurants now a days. The entire inside was empty besides 1 couple and the patio was full but not totally crowded. The hostess asked us to wait a second and walked away. We were kind of confused because we didn't specifically ask to be seated on the patio and there were tons of tables open inside. A few seconds later another guy came up to us and asked if he could help us. We asked if there was seating on the patio because we didn't want to wait and would have been ok sitting inside. He said that he would make a table for us and offered us a seat at the bar until it was ready. He was really nice and we appreciate that he explained what he was going to do rather than walking away and never coming back. He did in fact drag a table from who knows where and set it up complete with candle and everything! Our table was ready so fast we didn't even have time to order from the bar. We were lead out to the soooo dreamy patio and seated at our special table. Our waiter John was really nice and if you have never experienced Tapas before he will give you a little lesson on how it all works. I ordered a sangria and the husband ordered a beer. The Sangria was ok. It wasn't as good as I hoped but still it did the job. There are tons of other cocktails on their menu but since this is a Spanish place Sangria seemed like the way to go. It was way on the fruit punch less on the wine side and was served in a cocktail glass and not in a wine glass. I ordered 2 items from the menu. The Catalan Bread and the Albondigas. The waiter said they come out separate but I requested that they come out together and the chef obliged. (even though I was made very aware this was NOT common practice)  The bread was really good. It was light, airy, crispy and topped with some emulsion of tomato, olive oil and garlic. The Albondigas were in a small clay pot and a very generous serving of 8 meatballs in an amazing not too tangy tomato sauce. The prices are really reasonable and they have a set price of $48.00 for 6 Tapas of your choice if you were wanting to try a bunch of different items. We paid a total of $24 for both Tapas and drinks. If you are looking for a relaxing slow paced dining experience this is the place to go. If you are in a rush I don't think this is a good option. The Tapas do come out one at a time and they aren't too quick about it. I think this is a good thing though. In the midst of this crazy busy city it is good to know there is a place that is a place you can go to turn it down a bit, relax and take it all in. The patio is really gorgeous and you can forget all your troubles after a few drinks, some Spanish guitar, good food and good company.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,4/14/2014,215,403,13,20,17>This is Texas.  You would expect a great American steakhouse--where money meets meat--to be Texan through and through, but sadly most of the trademark names are transplants from other cities.  Pappas Brothers Steakhouse, though, is a Houston original.The experience is old school steakhouse all the way.  The décor is reminiscent of our last Gilded Age, and could serve as a set for the dining room in a Titanic remake.  The waitstaff are in the standard black and white steakhouse accouterments, which also adds to the ambience.  Jackets for the customers are not required, but when they say "business casual" the "casual" is silent.  The service is formal, and well executed, though sometimes a bit slow when it comes to beverages.  Speaking of which, though the wine list is fairly comprehensive, the by-the-glass pours are fairly stingy.The steaks are phenomenal.  I typically go for the dry-aged filet (the "Filet Duo" is a nice surf-and-turf).  Comically, after you pay the "entry" level for a steak (typically 8oz.), each additional ounce is $1 more.  One time I felt the steak was underdone, and they took it back and returned it to me perfect.  I'm used to places screwing that up, but not here.  Sides are good but on the rich side (mac and cheese with lobster on top, for example), and I'd go with LESS than one per person if you are sharing.  I'd recommend a light appetizer--like my favorite beefsteak tomato and onion salad--and save room for the main course.Houston's own steakhouse.  It's a winner.  Bring your accountant, they can advise you on financing.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,4/13/2014,189,289,11,13,10>According to the Daily Meal, Killen's steakhouse is ranked #6 (thedailymeal.com/america) in all of the United States. YES! You read that right. #6 in the United States. Not just in Texas. The only other steakhouse from Texas that's ranked in the top 20 is Pappas Bros Steakhouse. But even Pappas didn't crack the top 10. That has to be saying something, right? Since a lot of people I know swear up and down that the steaks at Pappas are the best that they've had.Well, of course I had to give this restaurant a shot. I hate that it's located all the way down in Pearland because it's so far out, but it wasn't that hard to get. You take 288 South and take the exit toward 518, bust a left and go all the way down until you hit Main Street, bust a right and the restaurant is not too far on the right hand side.Me and the family came here on a Monday night and I had an 8:15 pm reservation. First impression when we first found this place was, "Wow, really? This is it?" Yeah, I was unimpressed. The restaurant doesn't look fancy. Parking was limited. In fact, there's very limited parking behind the restaurant and some of the cars had to park on grass because the lot wasn't paved all the way. There's no valet parking, which is not a bad thing for me since I don't like to valet anyway. Especially forced valet.We came in but our table wasn't ready. It was a full house even on a Monday night. We had to wait probably another 10 - 15 minutes before we were actually seated. We had our water glasses filled up and our waiter came out to take our drinks order. I wanted some wine. However, one problem; I didn't have the wine list! The waiter didn't ask if we wanted wine nor did he offer the wine list. I mean, I knew we had a couple of babies in the party, but still! No biggie though. I knew I was going to eat bad, so I could cut down on the wine anyway. Water it is for me. While we were looking on the menu, we chowed down on the bread. OH EM GEE! Their raisin bread is so good! The nut in the bread and the butter just made it so yum yum yum. If I wasn't having steak, I could be eating the bread all night. I really had to stop myself from getting too full. However, we still asked to refill the bread three times! For real!!We ordered crab cake for appetizer. It was as good as any other crab cakes that I'd had at other prime steakhouses. Can't complaint. And as for the main entrees, my brother in law ordered the 34 oz. American Wagyu Long Bone-In Ribeye. My sister ordered the 8 oz. Strube Ranch American Wagyu Filet Mignon; and I ordered 6 oz of True Japanese Wagyu Filet Mignon from Saga Prefecture. For the sides, we ordered the Macaroni and cheese, the Potatoes Au Gratin, and the creamed corn. Food came out. We chowed down. I tried all the different steaks we ordered. The American wagyu ribeye and the filet were REALLY good. However, I had to save the best for last, right? When that first cut of Japanese Wagyu filet mignon met my teeth and tongue, my taste buds started doing the disco! Seriously, there was a party in my mouth. My taste buds were all like, "What the hell, Belly?! You've lived in Houston how long now? And this is only the first time you came here? You stupid, stupid man!!" Yeah, it was THAT good. The meat was so tender. It was like it would just melt in your mouth. I know the price tag is super high ($100 for 4 oz. and $45 for every additional 2 oz.) but it was SO WORTH IT! I hated the fact that I had to share my 6 oz. of heavenly filet mignon with my brother in law and my sister, but they really, really loved it. My Hands down, that was THE BEST filet mignon I've ever had. Better than the Japanese Wagyu that I'd had at the Metropolitan Grill in Seattle a few years back. Alright, now let's talk about the sides. for short, all was excellent! However, out of the three, the creamed corn won the best side award! I'm personally a mac and cheese guy. I love mac and cheese. However, the creamed corn, was just so good. I mean, it's corn. But it's good. Again. It's just corn! But it's good! If you're only going to have one side, get the creamed corn. Don't get me wrong, the mac and cheese and the potatoes were super duper good. But the creamed corn was the best.Finally, time for dessert. According to our waiter, the most popular desserts are the Cream Brulee Bread Pudding and the Carrot Cake. Well, one of each then!! Let me just say this. BEST CARROT CAKE EVER! No kidding! A friend of mine makes badass carrot cake and she's held the title for the best carrot cake for the longest time. However, Killen's dethroned her. The bread pudding wasn't a joke either. It was soft. Not too sweet and melted in your mouth. However, if you have to choose one, go with the carrot cake. But be warned. The cake is a little heavy and rich so if you're looking for something on the lighter side, go with the bread pudding.In summary; if you haven't been to Killen's, GO. NOW!
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,4/12/2014,556,161,15,22,16>It's possible that Eleven XI was named so for being an 11 out of 10 on every facet. It's also possible that I just made all that up. Either way, my remarkable date night, courtesy of Eleven XI's exceptional food, cocktails, and most impressive service, could not be made up. Their service is what is exampled in hospitality books, and the food tastes of a chef's nostalgic memories materialized into something great.Eleven XI was the perfect choice for my long overdue date night. I love their perfect balance of classy and cozy. I like a place you can wear a blazer or sneakers to, but for the love of God, please not at the same time. Our waiter, Brian, deserves a shout out (and possibly a raise) because our experience would not have been what it was without him. Brian was patient, knowledgeable, funny, attentive, and most importantly, he gave us his honest opinion on the food. Servers this good are rarely found in the wild.We went with his recommendation of the ravioli starter, and I also ordered the mussels all willy nilly. Those delicately fried ravioli stuffed with braised short ribs and mascarpone nearly brought me to tears. My eyes rolled back into my head and no coherent words were heard for a few minutes. The mussels, however, were underwhelming. Pretty basic as far as mussels go, with the broth, the white wine, and the bread. I say double up on the ravioli appetizer and hold on to your seat. Also, be sure to order a cocktail. The Cherry Limeade is great for those who like fruity drinks, and the Moscow Mule is insanely refreshing. There is a masterful craftsman behind that bar.My boyfriend ordered the pork chop with a caesar salad and blue grits (per recommendation), and I left my order up to the waiter. A glorious plate of perfectly seared scallops a-top beds of risotto was placed in front of me. The scallops cut like butter and tasted like delicate pillows from the ocean. The sumptuous mounds of creme fraiche and basil risotto soaked up the "jus" from the scallops. Amazing. My boyfriend's pork chop was dry at first, but juicier towards the middle. The waiter said they remove the fat from the pork chop (NO!!!), then render down the fat (Mmm?), and re-inject it into the chop (YES!!!). The blue grits were swimming with gouda and my boyfriend swears it's the best thing he's ever tasted.A lot of people mention the apple crumble a la mode. Again, Brian had a fantastic suggestion: Put cheddar on it. My date, being a big baby, opted for no cheese on his half. You better believe he tried to snag a few bites on my side because the cheddar side is always the better side. The night was capped off with a visit from the manager, and our waiter holding the door open for us as we sucked our stomachs in an attempt to exit. Needless to say, we fell in love with Eleven XI. We indulged, we laughed, and we fell in love with each other all over again too --- and THAT is more than you can get at a regular restaurant. I look forward to making many more memories at Eleven XI, even if it means buying bigger belts and a pair of Apple Bottom jeans.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,4/11/2014,319,181,16,19,18>This place has their stuff together. They take service here to another level. To go here and find a complaint is to go here with a very unhappy life. You ever go to a really great restaurant that you simply fell in love with, however during the writing of your review you did have one complaint so you had to place the dreaded "but" in the review. Well here...there is no "but." I came here for my second visit and both was Christmas parties. The service we received was simply phenomenal. Our meal was served in 3 courses and for each course, everyone at our table received their food at the same time. No, not one server bringing a big tray and handing them out, there was a server for each person at the table. All would come stand beside the person who's plate they were holding and at a unheard count of 3, all plates were placed down at the same time. Even when I got up to use the restroom, someone immediately came to the table to fold my napkin behind me whilst someone else escorted me to the restroom, all without me saying a word. When I got back my area was clean, chair was pulled out for me and I was sat down with napkin unfolded and placed in my lap. FINALLY.. how I deserve to be treated everywhere I go. Here everyone is a celebrity. The food is nothing short from PERFECTION.  I had the Filet Mignon with Scallops as a main course and both were cooked to perfection. They only cook the Filet 2 ways, Medium Rare and Well done. I ordered mine Well and it wasn't dry but pretty much a medium well as I wanted. The wife had the medium rare, and it too was so delicious it melted in your mouth. No matter what you order here you MUST order the Lobster mashed potatoes. These are hands down the best mashed potatoes on this side of the Sun. Chunks of lobster mixed in with mashed potatoes is a sure way to get you and your date in some major orgasmic trouble. We clearly cheated on one another with those mashed potatoes, so be forewarned. I can't wait to go again next year. Why a year? Because I'm spoiled with the entire experience being free, and with bottomless drinks. I want to keep my memory of Mockingbird just the way I discovered it....with perks, perks perks. Dine Well, and Prosper.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,4/10/2014,60,168,9,14,11>HOLD UP.  Do my eyes deceive me???  Does this place really serve crawfish noodle soup (aka pho)!?!  If there are two things that I love to eat, it's crawfish and pho, but when you combine the two, you're just taking it to a whole new level!Initially, I had my reservations.  Why?  Crawfish is typically prepared with all the amazing Cajun seasonings that one can possibly think of.  However, when you think about immersing that into a bowl of pho, one can't help but to wonder if it'll actually work.  Fellow yelpers, you can thank me later for taking one for the team because I ordered a large heaping bowl of it and I was thoroughly satisfied!When my bowl was placed before me, it was like love at first sight.  The first thing I noticed was the garnish, which consisted of a lime wedge, one broiled crawfish, and a fresh jalapeno slice.  (Just look at the attached photo!)    The heaping bowl of crawfish broth was served piping hot with all the essentials: white onion slivers, cilantro, and sliced green onions.  Here's the unique twist:  as you sift through the vermicelli noodles, you'll find hidden treasures of Andouille sausage and crawfish tails!!!  AHHHHHH!  Overall, it was quite delicious and the flavors were amazing!  I will say that it was a little on the oily side and it was saltier than expected.  Just be sure to add a little lime to neutralize it all.  It definitely helps.  I can't wait to come back and dive into their infamous crawfish!
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,4/9/2014,77,534,8,17,14>"Unless of course it seemed utterly impossible, one dreaded the hour of anyone's arrival unless they were bringing liquor."Malcolm Lowry, Under the VolcanoOf coarse Under the Volcano takes place in Mexico, and Lei Low has more of a Hawaiian Tiki bar feel, the place still fits perfectly with the vibe of the book.  Well, at least Yvonne is from Hawaii :)There is an L shaped bar on the left, and booths lining the wall all the way down the right hand side.  No TV's.  Just a simple and perfectly relaxed neighborhood watering hole.  They don't try very hard to be hip or the next new thing.  They just make damn good drinks in a great atmosphere.  Service is spot on, and the owners are some of the nicest people around (they were both working at D&T while they were getting everything ready to open here).  A menu has all kinds of different drinks, and even some bigger drinks to share if you come with a group.  A handful of Texas breweries on tap as well.  Not much more to do here but drink an converse with others.  Unpretentious and a blast to hang out at.  This is everything Voodoo Queen tries to hard to be.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,4/8/2014,59,45,25,19,15>Holy shit, Batman!  Ok.  It is very, VERY rare that I feel compelled to get up in the morning, after a long (and I mean long) night of drinking, on my day off, and write a review.  So, that's saying something in itself.  I am so not good at committing to writing reviews after i've been somewhere.  I'm lucky if I remember to "check in."My very best friend flew in from Sacramento last night and I wanted to take her somewhere that i've never been and that showed her that Houston is, in fact, cool.  Because she still doesn't understand why I live here.  BIG props to my guuurl Rachel B. for coming through with the recommendation! This place is so cute and tucked away.  When we were walking up it just felt like it was the neighborhood hangout and everyone knew each other.  I love everything about the decor.  My faaavorite is this awesome lit up sign with arrows  that says "I love you this much".  So freakin' cute.   It is very wide open.  You can tuck yourself away in a quiet corner, sit outside and laugh with friends and fellow patrons, or do what we did and grab an empty seat at the bar.  So we sit down, right?.....BOOM, I get greeted by a smiling face and handlebar mustache who goes by Tommy.  Say whaaa?  Bonus.  Kristy (sp?) was bartending, too.  They were super cool and at one point in my drunken stupor I told BOTH of them (at separate times)  that I wanted to pick them up, put them in my pocket and carry them with me everywhere I go.  I got caught using the same line on each of them.... I need to step up my game.  Siiiiigh, sorry guys.   So on to the food.....Juicy Lucy?  Seriously?  Initially, my best friend and I were going to get one thing and just split it but neither of us could decide on one thing so we agreed that we would each get what we wanted and then eat the leftovers for a late night snack or for breakfast.............hahahaha, leftovers.  So ambitious of us.  The only regret I have is that I wasn't ONE beer more sober so that I could truuuuly savor the taste of that Juicy piece of heaven on earth.  My friend got the Mattress Mack n Cheese special....Holy christ.   Shit was on pooooint.  All of it.  YES!  YES!  YES!  YES! Straight Herbal Essence commercial.  OK.........I'm going to mention ONE thing at the end of the night that irritated the shit out of me, but it's not worth knocking off a star.  So this cute young kid came from the kitchen to put glasses away, and my friend and I were discussing how old we thought he was.  So when he came back out we asked him how old he was.  He tells us and then we just smiled and said what we thought and he made the most smart ass remark and was SOOOO rude.   SO, to the 17 year old prick with justin bieber hair and a I  just hit puberty voice, I say this:  Cut your stupid hair, and grow some on your balls.  And if you had any sense, when two good looking girls start a conversation with you,  flash a smile and some charm.  It goes a long way.  No wonder they keep you in the back.**drops mic
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,4/7/2014,125,603,11,14,12>Where are all these bad reviews coming from?  What is wrong with the Pho'?  Why so mean?!I had the pleasure of being the first one to submit the photo of the front while it was being constructed and forgot all about it for months until I stumbled upon here again.  "Oh yea, that place, been wanting to stop by there".  Let me tell you something about this immediate area, most of the Pho places are tucked, almost hidden and scarce for this stretch of highway.  Further down away from Houston there are about 3 or 4 Pho places, one also being on the feeder but kind of hidden and the others knickered back behind Tidwell.  Then you have the one that is on the other side of the ribbon melee ridden roads and a *itch to get too unless you know where to make that U turn and how far down to go.  Parking: Plenty and even enough for a lunch rush.  They try to be sneaky at night by parking all of the employee cars up front to make it look busy and hopping but that is ok I would do the same, business strategy.  Just be prepared to walk in and say "Hey, where is everybody?" since all the 8 spaces in front will be filled, you sneaky Sams!Once you walk in you will be greeted with one of the most up beat, most cheery and genuine Vietnamese you will ever have met on this side of the Mekong Delta and Asian establishments in Houston.  If you have been here long enough, then you know there is a very thin line between smirky, careless and disrespectful servers/owners as contrasted to happy, ambition driven and care giving attitude in the Asian community standard of restaurant treatment.  Meet the later.  I have witness on three different occasions a combination of some customers that need to be drop kicked and pointed for a field goal all the way back to 290 and on two other occasions them treating two different tables at two different times like family members from another country by explaining patiently what each items on the menu are.  My only complaint is they don't like to have tapioca after around 7 p.m. but this is not a boba place anyways.  Oh, did I mention they have tapioca!?  You cannot get that within a 5 mile radius here unless you go inside the closest mall here.  You will find this restaurant a shy angle back behind the Wings n Things.....or is it Wings n More?, strip center flanked on each side by other businesses.  What is the matter with the Pho'? I should be playing the lottery since everytime I come in here I always get the good tasting batch and I even brought mother here for the seal of approval, she agrees with the quality of the broth here.  Not really knocking the other reviewers but on the flip end I probably have been slammed with bad food and service at other places while they got the good experiences as well. *shrug*.Do you want to know something that stands out on this menu that is very minor but something you do not get at most other Pho' places?  The beef spring roll.  You get two in an order and will run you around $4.75 but worth it.  Those things are kind of hugethat'swhatshesaid and filling.  If you are a light eater, come  here and try an order of these, you will not be disappointed. The prices are on par for what you get in equation of location, amount of food and quality.  Soft drinks here are $1.25 as compared to $1.99 at other places.There is a wide screen here for your viewing pleasure.Cleanliness is a natural here.  The place is new so that is a fresh start but maintaining it is another.  Floors that are wooden are maintained clean, restrooms don't smell like booty, condiment bottles aren't gunked up, tables do not wobble, ceiling tiles are seeping black mold by the vents and your silverware come to you wrapped!You have tried every other Vietnamese restaurant in the vicinity of Houston so why not try one more?   You will not be disappointed, don't let the other reviews deter you on this baby.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,4/6/2014,424,539,9,18,17>I'll round out my 2013 Yelp 100 Challenge with this shack...literally!At the front there is a sign displaying how Ruby Dee got her start in owning this small business from the support of the local community.  First plus in my book.Service is always friendly, and you can wait in your car until they signal for you to come pick up your order.  If you already know what you want, you can also phone in ahead of time for immediate pick-up.They only fry catfish Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, as you can see them doing it out back.  The only issue was that it was good but not a great value for the catfish and shrimp dinner at $13.Aunt Dee also has soul food, as I've tried both the smothered beef tips and pork chops.  Both were very good. Next on my list will be to try the oxtails!Sides are pretty good, as you have to get the mac n' cheese.  You can taste the real cheese that's baked on top, as it's so rich and creamy!  I haven't tried their BBQ, as I'm a little weary since I can't see any pit or smoker.Finally, homemade desserts are also available, as I've gotten the pumpkin pie at a delicious $3.Overall, come here for some good soul food on the north side of town, and be warned if co-workers asked you where you got that food!
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,4/5/2014,251,161,16,19,14>Ibiza, baby, you get my first review of 2014.How do I put into words my love for you?Let's just say this, if I were going to cheat on my boyfriend, it wouldn't be with a person. It would be with a table full of Ibiza food. THAT is how much I love you.For 2 years in a row, Ibiza has been the 'New Years Eve Dinner' location for us.  The full restaurant, the clinking glasses of bubbly and the aroma of some of the richest, most delicious food is what brings me back. It just sounds like a place that you would want to start out a new year.  I love the staff here. They are knowledgeable with pairings and describe each dish wonderfully, making it hard to resist a single item on the menu. There are a number of things that you can sip to satisfy your wine or spirits yen. The food is what brings the masses, it is what causes the need for a reservation and why it holds a spot as one of my favorite restaurants... ever. Here are a mix of small plates I would recommend:Risotto with Crimini Mushrooms w/ Truffle oil- Very very rich and creamy and the truffle oil is strong in this oneTruffle Gnocchi and Escargot with Fine Herb Butter- I wasn't crazy about the escargot but the way it is prepared it has a shrimp like texture to it. The Gnocchi is fork tender and the herb butter is divineRed Snapper Ceviche with Jalapeno & Blood Orange- with so many heavy dishes a bright ceviche is a great way to mix it up  Crispy Pork Belly with Homemade Apple Butter and Pickled Shallot Salad- I'm not necessarily on the pork belly bandwagon but the crisp, almost charred end of this is like eating the worlds best baconMadagascar Vanilla Bean Crème Brulee with Brandy Snap Cookies and Fresh Berries - I love crème brulee. It is my favorite desert in the entire world and they do a great job, the vanilla bean brings on a really loud flavor to the smooth custard.Someone at the table is going to have a mini heart attack when the bill comes, though. So bring your appetite and a portable defibrillator.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,4/4/2014,104,254,6,10,7>This is truly one of those hidden gems.  I stopped by because the reviews were great and it only had one dollar sign.  For a sit-down Italian restaurant I found this very intriguing.  For dinner I ordered chicken piccata. It was delicious!  It came with a side of pasta, and it was definitely plenty of food.  Since it was happy hour, someone else in our group ordered a Stella.  The Stella was $4.  This is a great deal for Stella.  It also came with something free.  Guess what?  Wrong.  It came with a pizza.  Yes you read that right, an entire pizza.  Not a little personal pan pizza.  A nice sized pizza that would be considered a medium or large pizza elsewhere.  Our friend only finished half of it.  So $4 for a Stella and a pizza.  You can't beat that.The food was delicious, and I was shocked when the bill came.  It was $40 for 4 people to have dinner.  Not too shabby.  I will be back for sure!
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,4/3/2014,87,37,20,35,19>I don't often review restaurants, but I think this place deserves one from me because of the great experiences I have from them. So, let's get this review started. Katch 22 is obviously a 5 star American restaurant for me, especially their pork chops and steaks. I am a carnivorous guy. In other, I love meat. Whenever I go out to eat, I look for places where I can satisfy my cravings for meat. And I believe Katch 22 is among those places. The first time I ordered for their pork chops, the flavour exploded inside my mouth. It was so delicious that I came back the next day to eat here again. I am also a solid burger fanatic, so when I found out that they offer burgers as well as sandwiches, I tried them out. The bun alone may not have the most flavor, but the patty and the filling made me speechless. It was good. What surprised me the most is the turkey burger they had. That was a first for me and I was not disappointed with it. When it comes to the place and the service, it was excellent. The interior was not too shabby for me. It was just right for those who want to eat and relax. Ordering is easy, especially with their menu and helpful crew. If you have questions or in need of assistance, there would be someone who would be there to attend you.  This place is indeed delightful.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2013,4/2/2014,106,31,8,16,16>This is the spot in my hood to get a good TexMex Breakfast.  I begin with getting 1/2 pound of barbacoa and maybe some lengua (cow tongue). Some of you may wrinkle your nose at the thought of eating cow tongue but once you have tried this very tender meat, you will change your tune. Then I head to the bakery area for a few pastries (ok a lot of pastries) then to the registers to pay. Now this amount of food easily feeds four people and I have never paid over $15 for food there. Not to mention the hot sauce the give you is so good!  Its crave worthy.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,4/1/2014,26,111,6,12,9>Best Indian food I've had in Houston.  I feel like I'd see this place on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives since it's so hole-in-the-wall-y.  One may be put off by the appearance of the restaurant, but please let the food speak for itself because it is fantastic.We only had a party of 2, so we didn't get to try much food.  But the food we did have was nothing less than par.Chicken Chargha (Tandoori):  Slow marinated chicken that is roasted to perfection.  The flavor profile on this dish was amazing.  It wasn't too powerful with spices or too salty.  The chicken was crispy on the outside, but suuuper moist inside.  I'm pretty sure they give you a whole chicken too, which is awesome!Chicken Hara Masala:  Chunks of juicy chicken simmered in a green curry sauce.  Extremely well seasoned and had a nice kick to it.  I wasn't expecting this to be spicy, but I was pleasantly surprised with the spiciness.  This is a must try for anyone who likes spicy curries.Definitely coming back here with a larger party so we can order massive amounts of food and eat it all :)
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,3/31/2014,376,293,6,11,9>This experience was a blast!  Parking was easy, super friendly staff and teachers, and so much fun.My fiance and I are not at all artistic people, and coming here we had no expectations.  However, after our first lesson, we are hooked!  They provide all the supplies including canvas, paint, apron, wine glasses, wine opener, etc.  Just book your time,  bring a bottle of wine or two, and let your creativity juices flow!Highly recommend for a date night, some solo time, or even a group outing!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,3/30/2014,71,64,9,16,15>Cue Vicente Fernandez, please: "Mexico lindo y querido, Si muero lejos de ti, Que digan que estoy dormidooo"!!!!!!!!!!!I'm not of Mexican descent but I ADORE the culture and all it has to offer. Growing up in SoCal, I fell in love with everything from the Rancheras (both canciones y huevos) to the food and aguas frescas from a young age. Talk about feeling lucky to have Mi Tienda in the Houston area! It's a one stop shop for great Carne Asada, fresh salsas, charbroiled chickens, chicharrones, and refreshing aguas frescas (Tamarindo, Horchata, Jamaica, Platano, and that's just the tip of the iceberg!).... And this is all just at the very entrance of the store! The store is laid out like a traditional Mexican marketplace, reminiscent of a Tianguis in Mexicali. It has a tortillera where they make fresh corn and flour tortillas. You say you feel like making your own? Not a problem...  They carry masa preparada in different flavors for your tortilla and tamale hankering. There's a cheese section where you can buy all of your staples such as Cotija, Oaxaca, Fresco, and Crema. You can also buy prepared foods in the "deli" section such as fajitas, shrimp cocktails, carnitas, tacos, and burritos. Need to feed the family and don't feel like cooking? Pick up the family special for $10.99... you'll get 2 charbroiled chickens (made right in front of you), a family sized rice and beans, and a dozen tortillas. As you traverse to the back of the store you'll find the butcher block... WOW! Dirt low prices and such a crazy variety of poultry, beef, and pork. You'll find your ranchera cuts, chorizo, chivo (goat), carnitas, milanesa, and all of the cuts needed for a true parillada.Besides all of these exquisite treasures they do carry groceries and cleaning supplies like any other super market, after all, they are part of the H-E-B family. If you're in the South Houston area and are looking for a place to experience a taste of Mexico stop in and enjoy the scenery and the food :)
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,3/29/2014,270,261,16,14,10>For my first review as part of the Elite (thank you, Yelp!), I had to write about something meaningful. To me, that means Torchy's Tacos. It has come a long way since the original trailer in a shady lot in Austin, where I spent my most carefree days as a college student. Every taco is stuffed with mouth-watering, quality ingredients, so hold your complaints about the price (~$3-4 each). I recommend the Democrat for first timers, or try the Brushfire if you don't mind a burning sensation in your mouth. I usually order the Trailer Park, trashy, which replaces lettuce with queso. On my last particular visit, I asked the guy at the counter if I could get it with queso, but still keep the lettuce (I'm trying to maintain a balanced diet). He answered, "Of course! We call that the Britney Spears. A little trashy, a little classy." I could've kissed him right then and there. Britney Spears was EVERYTHING in my childhood, and I will fiercely defend her to this day, shaved head or not. Come at me, haters.  The amazing green chile queso has guacamole MIXED IN. I am consumed by you, queso. Don't you know that you're toxic? The street corn really packs a punch, but...hit me baby, one more time. Lil' Nookies- chocolate chip cookie dough, deep fried, dusted with powdered sugar.  I'm a slaaaaave for you. I cannot hide it; I cannot control it.I guess what I'm trying to say is, I feel the same passion and loyalty for Torchy's as I do for Britney. They shaped me during defining periods of my life, when I was not a girl, not yet a woman.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,3/28/2014,232,157,10,11,9>"I ate too much for lunch today because it was free and now I am sleepy....yawn"  #firstworldproblemsWe frequent Churrascos often for client lunches.  Each entree is always met with high praise.  Like other reviewers, everything is flavorful.  I feel the lunch portions are waaaay to large, but aferall, this is a mans world.   DO eat the fried plantains....absolutely fantastic! DO NOT eat ALL the fried plantains.   Save room for the meal. DO order the infused unsweetened iced teas.  I recommend the peach and/or raspberryDO order the soup.  The soups are fantastic.  I've had so many, but I highly recommend the Chupe De Camarones.  The bisque and panelo cheese is the perfect texture.   DO order the Tres Leches Cake  YUM!! DO NOT share it! My only recommendation to the staff is to improve the speed of the service because every second counts when you are hungry (or have an hour lunch break).  Dar de Prisa a mis amigos...dar de prisa!!!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,3/27/2014,101,74,31,28,27>Yelp is not typically linked with science. Neither am I. So without further adieu or explanation: a scientific inspection as to whether Luigi's is the "Best Pizza in Houston?"Yes. That's my whole answer. If I MUST, for the sake of science, elaborate: I always do a half caprese/half pepperoni-mushroom. The pepperoni-mushroom placates the kid that lives inside me that believes that cereal must have tons of sugar, frosting, and a cartoon on the box, and pizza must have pepperoni. It is also delicious. But the caprese. Man, the caprese. That doesn't require a scientist to figure out.Scientific Hypothesis 1: "But what about the OGs?" Star Pizza, Pink's Pizza; the classics. Good, but not THIS good. If you live in some area where one of those delivers but not Luigi's, that could work in a pinch.Scientific Hypothesis 2: "But what about the "gourmet" varieties?" Pizaros, Grimaldis, Dolce Vita? They are great. They are worth a special trip, but dollar-for-dollar they can't touch Luigi's. Salivation for salivation, they can't either, fwiw.Scientific Hypothesis 3: "But what about the crazy ones?" Bombay Pizza, Pi Pizza truck? Fun. Especially Bombay. A great place to take people to see what type of pizza the most ethnically diverse city in America can produce, but not topping Luigi's.Scientific Hypothesis 4: "But what about the places that you yourself have said are awesome and also serve awesome pizzas?" Coppa, Provisions, MKT Bar, Tiny Boxwoods. Ah, nice point science! I do love all of those places. Coppa for HH pizzas, Provisions for any and everything they do. MKT...no. Stop trying to distract me. This is about the best pizza claim, and that belongs to Luigi's.Scientific Hypothesis 5: "But what about the ones you haven't tried yet?" Romano's, Frank's, Barry's, Piola. Well if Luigi's keeps being awesome, I may never get to them. But I will try. And I am fairly certain that I will be disappointed. They may be fantastic, but they probably won't beat Luigi's.In addition to the scientific methods seen above, the fact that the people are so incredibly nice, that this still feels like something of a hidden gem, the prices, the fact that I am within their delivery range, the gelato, and the Bocce all make this place a no-brainer 5 star.They have a $20 delivery minimum, and that is hard to reach. Even with a Large, you have to add wings (which are pretty solid, of course) or something else. It says a lot that the best pizza in Houston is so cheap. Another scientific (internal?) debate may have to be carried out to determine the best value in Houston.Another time. All of this science makes my head hurt.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,3/26/2014,343,368,12,16,15>Fainmous BBQ is sure to make it big. I envision myself blowing through big stacks making it rain pulled pork sandwiches and giant turkey legs. Being a barbecue diva, I had reservations about a Tennessee BBQ joint because we all know that Texas 'cue is king. Thus, this was unexpected but graciously accepted. Unlike other famous smoked meat eateries in the Houston area (looking at you Goode Company aka the Kardashian of meats), the glorious grub here deserves acclaim.The pulled pork is smoky and tender. The splendid sauce accompanies the sandwich well and is a trophy in its own right. However, the larger than life turkey leg is the star of this show. I had always held onto the belief that these appendages were restricted to state fairs and rodeos, but apparently not. They have come out of rehab and are ready to take on the world, that is Houston's mouth and taste buds.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2013,3/25/2014,251,713,12,16,12>I've gotten my Barnaby's Salad down to an art, and I did so at this location.  How did I fine tune it?  I went here two days in a row with coworkers.  No, we don't work in the area.  No, not the same group, save me and one other.  Oh, and no, we didn't go just so I could fix their Fattoush Salad.It's (any of the Barnaby's, actually) a good place to go with coworkers.  It has a bit of everything: salads, hamburgers, sandwiches, blue-plate special type items, cake.  Plus a few items to make your coworkers' eyes bulge.  (The $10 hotdogs are actually foot-longs and you can add any toppings - a couple of my coworkers went all out and threw in some flair.)  I've seen this location packed and out the door, and lonely as 3:45 PM at a bar.  Know that if you organize a lunch escapade, head here with no more than five fellow cohorts.  (If you're following along and/or are good at word problems, you understand that is five coworkers (or random people off the street, whomever) + one you = six soon to be full luncheoniers.)If you want the improved Fattoush:  a) sub the greens for spinach, b) get the cumin vinaigrette instead of the regular vinaigrette, and c) get a chocolate chip cookie on the side.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2014,3/22/2014,171,193,7,17,10>We stumbled upon the soft opening randomly through a Yelper's Facebook post...thanks David N.The restaurant is stunning to say the least...Josh and I wrestled with the best words to describe just how nice everything looked inside... there was both elegance and stylish opulence exhibited in all areas of the restaurant. From the glass display of beer bottles behind the sushi kitchen--not just a bar--a full blown space for a dozen sushi artists to craft some of the most beautiful plates I've seen in awhile... We chose to dine at the sushi bar instead of one of their many dining areas; I felt like we had the best seats in the house!On to the food... The menu boasts sushi and creole cuisine, but the star is the seafood!  Needless to say, Cuc and Josh ordered a little bit of everything :-)*****Albacore Tuna Carpaccio (appetizer) this was FRESH, flavorful and almost melts in your mouth! Reading a menu with descriptive language is like foodErotica ;P. We were very happy and completely satisfied that we chose this appetizer! The thinly sliced pieces of fried garlic and onion nestled on top of the tuna was an excellent touch!*****The sake selection is ridiculous!  We picked an unfiltered Asian pear...delicious, refreshing...perfect.****The service:  one can definitely tell there is much training to do...our cold bottle of sake came out without an ice bucket.  Our server was very accommodating and brought us one when I asked. We chatted a bit to find out that he has not been given the opportunity to try very much on the food menu or the sake menu...tsk tsk...lots of customers depend on the knowledge of their servers to help guide them when coming to a new place. Don't get me wrong, our server rocked!  He was pleasant, attentive and always wore a great smile! ****The spicy tuna hand roll was tasty; the fish is so fresh! *****The braised beef short rib was succulent,  fall-off-the-bone tender, and gone before we knew it :-) om nom nom indeed!***The unagi: I thought the unagi pieces looked beautiful, it tasted very good, lightly charred around the edges and just the right amount of sweetness in the sauce; however, the slice was a bit thin and the rice was a bit much. It was at least a 4 to 1 proportion :/**The low points of the meal for us were the creole dishes...we tried the gumbo and the andouille sausage & chicken pot pie ( foodErotica won me over again).  The gumbo lacked the creole/Cajun flavor you crave in a gumbo.  We loved the fresh, plump shrimp in the bowl but were underwhelmed by the consistency and flavor of the soup.  The sausage and chicken pot pie probably needs a re-imagining...the idea of putting a buttery puff pastry atop the bowl is ahhhmazing...but the dish itself tasted like a glorified bbq baked beans with sausage and chicken sans the beans . We mentioned to our server that we did not particularly enjoy these two (only to give him a heads up about the menu) but the chef ended up taking them off our tab!  This gesture was unexpected but very appreciated :) thank you!I want to end with the magic happening in that sushi kitchen behind the bar... Wan (I think that was his name) is a master.  We watched as he created a masterpiece with seaweed, chuka, and tuna...mmmmmm still happy thinking about it now.  I can already tell that we will love coming back here, sitting at the sushi counter and marveling at sushi legends being born at the Fish & the Knife!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,3/21/2014,167,265,5,11,10>At last, an actual non-Starbucks coffee place in Rice Village opened last Monday! I'm so happy the Hanover complex has opened with all of these great new businesses.I came by last Saturday night with a few friends from Rice to get some studying done (hah, but actually). It had just the right amount of ambient noise/background music to minimize distractions. The place has a clean, modern look and simple furniture.My friends and I tried the chai latte, cafe au lait, and espresso. We were pretty pleased with all three (I personally found the chai latte a bit too sweet, but the flavor was great). We stayed until closing (11 PM), and I had a brief chat with the owner, who was extremely friendly. They have amazing looking pastries, and apparently their pastry chef comes in at 5 AM every morning to make them himself. I find this to be notable, since most coffee places around here just have goods delivered from local bakeries. I'm definitely coming back soon, and when I do, those pastries will be waiting for me. :D
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,3/20/2014,68,368,2,17,7>Normally when a place renovates or moves to a nicer spot, I automatically start missing the old location. Obviously the prime example of that would be Jungle Cafe. So I was dreading coming here even though there was a time when I'd stop by almost every morning. I decided to sack up and just go to the new location (about 400 meters from the old location) and man the new place has not lost any of its charm. There was no super swanky interior with futuristic furniture or any crap-- just more space, a better display of the pastries, a section dedicated to espresso and coffee, etc. I actually like the new location way more than the old one. I've said it a million times, this is the best bakery in Houston. I'm not sure if it is the best kept secret because it's always pretty busy in the mornings but I don't think it gets as much craze rave reviews as it should. Really no one can hold a candle to the chocolate almond croissants here or the napoleons. Loveeeeeee this place.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,3/19/2014,211,137,8,13,10>I've been holding off writing my 100th review waiting for somewhere that I felt was worthy of this milestone and I went to that place today. Patranella's is amazing!!Went to celebrate a friend's graduation and acceptance to grad school and wanted to try somewhere I'd never been. When my friend requested Italian food I knew immediately this was where I wanted to take her. Upon arriving was immediately seated. Our waiter deduced we were celebrating something (the gift bags gave us away) and brought out a delicious appetizer of thinly sliced eggplant that had been breaded and pan fried to perfection then topped with mozzarella and marinara. I would have never ordered this as I am not a fan of eggplant and now I can't stop thinking of how delicious it was! For entrees we all ordered something different. I had the portobello and azieago raviolis that were little pillows of perfection. Topped with ground lamb and mushrooms in a cream sauce. It was in a word GENIUS!! My friends ordered the cannelloni and the angel hair with shrimp dishes which they both enjoyed immensely. The service was impeccable as well. I will definitely be back for a date night with my man because this place has a definite romantic air to it.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,3/18/2014,152,257,13,15,14>This is for the Bridge itself and how it pertains to runners...as in, it's pretty much the only freaking hill around here to train on!As runners, we all know we have to do hill work and speed work, along with our long runs. Speed work is easy...hill work? Around here? Not so much. And that's where the Kemah Bridge comes in. You all know the bridge from driving over it to get to the Kemah Boardwalk...or to take the long way to Galveston, or wherever. But did you know you can also run across it? Yup. Up and over that bad boy.Typically there are people out there on Thursday mornings, some as early as 4:00am running over the bridge. I like to get there around 5:00 am to get a couple loops in before work. Park at Ichibons; you'll see the parking lot can get pretty full, but with so many people coming and going, I've never felt unsafe parking there. It's well lit and usually there are cops around.Start off by going right out of the parking lot at Ichibons (wait, you warmed up beforehand, correct? Good!); go down and turn left and then left again to get on the bridge going AGAINST traffic. Do NOT run with traffic! Seriously. The speed limit is 45 mph and typically people go at least 50 mph if not faster. Please be safe! You will be heading up the bridge going north. Not bad you think, this isn't bad at all. When you come down off the bridge, take a left and go under the bridge to go back over on the other side. Now you're heading south and wow, hey, this is a little harder than the other way. Yup. The "easy" side is heading north....the hard side is heading south, with a 5% grade, compared to the 4-something percent the other way. But man, when you get to the top of the bridge and look around and feel the wind of those 18-wheelers whiz by you, it's like heaven! But be careful because you aren't an angel, and you can't fly! So head on down and you're back at Ichibons! See, that wasn't so hard! Let's do it again!There are usually a lot of people out; even when I've run by myself, I feel safe. Of course, i always have my cell in my SPIBelt, and I wear LED lights and/or a safety vest. It's still dark out and you want to make yourself as visible as possible to the cars! I never run the bridge with music, as there are runners that pass me, and I want to be able to hear them coming up so I can move over, plus, there's just too much traffic. It's safe enough if you take your precautions, but as always, don't take chances with your safety when you're out running! Just don't.This is the best place for hill work around, and believe me, when you conquer this, you're gonna be singing the "Rocky" theme in your head. When he climbs those steps? Yeah. That's you after running this bridge. Trust me. So, go out, have fun, but take your safety precautions seriously. And go kick some asphalt!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,3/17/2014,2219,1117,23,26,22>Plentiful parking outside. StrikeLarge mass of people smoking outside the entrance. Gutterball But at least nobody is smoking inside, which they could up until like a year ago?The bar is cash only. GutterballBut they have plentiful Shiner Bock among other things. Bottles. And it is cold. Win.There are tons of 12.9 year olds I recognized from my temple so it really is a neighborhood place. Unfortunately they are all way better at bowling than I am so it makes me question what I have really done with my life to be more than twice their age and not even be good at bowling yet.It's a nice bowling alley and it is a fun time. You couldn't ask for better - unless their bar accepted credit cards for uncle's cough syrup and the smokers were banished to the edge of the parking lot fronting Bellaire Blvd. Minor improvements one can hope for over the course of the near future.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,3/16/2014,148,79,2,12,6>My beloved I made a Tuesday date night trip to Nundini's and had the most amazing time.  We arrived at around 6 pm and sat down right away. We started the night off with prosecco as we placed our order and once we settled on the whole red snapper, we ordered a bottle of Antinori chardonnay. Roberto was very helpful in guiding us on our food and wine pairings and checked on us often and made sure our glasses were never empty ....water or wine, that is The meal, well if you have seen the pictures, you get where I'm going with this.Delicious, fresh red snapper baked with Italian spices and curved table side by Chef Nundini himself!  The fish was then drizzled with olive oil and served with bottega di sicilla---one bite and you are in heaven!!Talk about making our dining experience special! Its acts of passion for people and food that makes us regular customers. We have been coming back and have never been disappointed. Our amazing dinner aside, here are the reasons we love Nundini's and why you should visit;1. The food is great, authentic and  as close as you are going to get to Italy without the long flight and $$$$2. Service is top notch!!3. It's not only a  full service restaurant but Nundini Enterprises carries a wide variety of authentic Italian products, notable Italian  wines and cheeses, gelato, homemade pizza--yes it is wood stone and baked fresh.4. I had no Idea they deliver!!5. Amazing deserts---was so tempted to get a cannolo all Siciliana but will have  to go back for that later 6. Yes, the bathrooms are clean, that important The only con I might say is that I can see parking being tricky on a busy day, but that's nothing new when you are located in the Heights, after all, a little exercise is great for digestion!!
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2013,3/15/2014,106,110,7,13,8>I risked my life for a burger. Wait, let me explain. The first time I tried M&M grill occurred on a day when Houston's weather decided to go berserk and rain cats and dogs, the sideways kind of rain mind you. A hurricane warning had been issued for the duration of the evening, but my stomach demanded something hearty and satisfying after a long day of work. Since my sister had been raving about this place for months, I decided to place a pick-up order.After calling and ordering a single loaded cheeseburger with fries, I was asked with concern on the other end of the line, "Are you sure you want to risk your life for a burger?" But I was not to be dissuaded and stubbornly replied, "Yes! I will be there soon!" Fifteen minutes later and soaking wet (of course I had forgotten my umbrella that day), not to mention scaring myself half to death by driving through rain for which my windshield wipers did nothing at all, I finally arrived for my meal.The cashier probably thought I looked crazy with my dripping clothes and disheveled hair, but I could care less at that point. I was getting my burger! The first bite was pure bliss-the crispy fried onions, melted cheese, drizzled ranch dressing, all finished with a spicy kick from the jalapeños...I had never devoured anything so quickly. For those looking to satisfy a junk food or burger craving, this is your place. Unfortunately the fries were pretty average.Since then, my newest discovery has been the hummus. It comes generously portioned (think grocery store size) with a gigantic piece of flat bread. The texture isn't as thick compared to other hummus, but the chick pea flavor is golden.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,3/14/2014,103,45,,27,26>In addition to the freestanding Ronald McDonald House on Holcombe, RMH operates a smaller facility w/in Texas Children's Hospital. This includes a 20 room "House" on the 4th floor of the Abercrombie Building that serves families with children staying in the Level 4 NICU; PICU; & CVICU, & 3 "Family Rooms" that offer most of the facilities of a House, except private rooms. Two of these Family Rooms are dedicated to families of Hematology/Oncology patients, one is for those w preemies born & hospitalized at the Pavilion, and one is for families of patients of the Heart Center who are undergoing cardiovascular surgery or cardiac catheterization, or who are patients in the CVICU. We stayed in the 1,000 sq ft Family Room at the Heart Center, while our daughter was undergoing open heart surgery to repair her tetralogy of Fallot. And we used it as a base while she was convalescing in the CVICU during her first 5 days post-op. It's actually a suite of rooms, & boasts the following:-2 waiting areas w spectacular views to the NW & NE, comfy couches & armchairs, & desks -pillows & blankets (both for naps & overnight stays)-free WiFi-restrooms-showers-kitchenette (w a fridge, 2 microwaves, a dishwasher, drip coffee maker, toaster, ice machine, free snacks & coffee, & dinnerware). Pizza is served on Thursdays & volunteers sometimes bring food. -big-screen TV, DVD player, & VCR-library of books, DVDs, VHS tapes, & board games-play area w toddler toys-conference rooms (where parents liaise w their child's Dr. or nurse)-lactation room w a Medela Symphony pump (just sign in w the receptionist)-lockersHaving a haven on the floor just below the Cardiovascular ORs & the CVICU during our daughter's time there was invaluable for us. On the day of her surgery, we were given a pager used by 1 of the cardiac nurses to notify us when she was ready to meet w us, in order to update us on our daughter's condition & what procedures had been performed. This, we were told would work anywhere in the hospital. But where does one go when her kid is being cracked open, her blood chilled-down, and her heart stopped; drained of blood; carved up; & resown? I couldn't go anywhere. I couldn't do or think anything. Going downstairs to grab a burger seemed too complicated. And what if we had gone downstairs to get something to eat, but couldn't get back to the conference room in time to meet w the nurse? I don't think I'd have risked it. And this was something we hadn't even thought to plan for. W/o that kitchenette, I don't think we'd have eaten that day, & as I was pumping milk for my twin daughters, I really did need to eat.During our daughter's recovery in the CVICU, it was again truly necessary for us to have a home-away-from-home near to our baby. As our prematurely-born twin daughters were then just 3 weeks old, I didn't want to leave my healthy daughter with a babysitter. She needed constant care, & my husband & I weren't ready to be separated from her, as we were, her sister. We needed to bring her w us to Texas Children's. But the CVICU is tiny & overly crowded. There's little space even for a diaper bag, let alone a stroller. The RMH Family Room afforded us a safe place to leave both of these. And b/c our healthy daughter was only allowed to be in the CVICU for an hour per day, the Family Room was also a place where one parent could care for her, while the other spent time w her sister. And it didn't hurt that we could grab a few Pop-Tarts & some water when we were on our way out the door, feeling tired & dehydrated, our blood sugar invariably low, our spirits invariably depressed.The Ronald McDonald Family Room at Texas Children's Heart Center is a real refuge for caregivers during the most harrowing times of their lives, & is a cause truly worth supporting. If you'd like to help, you can officially "volunteer" (rmhhouston.org/Volunteer) or stop by the room (on the 17th floor of the West Tower at TCH) anytime w food or gently used board games, toys, books, DVDs, or VHS tapes, & sign in at reception. Thanks in advance for your support. My family & I will be back soon. Hope to see you there.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,3/13/2014,121,314,5,9,7>With the new year comes the inevitable "Must lose weight/get in shape" resolutions.So of course this place opens up a stone throw's away from my house. How unfair is that? I'm not a huge fan of waffle cones because they're usually very tough, but after so many raves about them, I had to try one here. The Fat Cat waffle cone is more crispy than crunchy (if that makes sense) and I enjoyed it a lot.You can follow them on Facebook or Twitter for the most current list of seasonal flavors. Recent favorites were cherry chip and salted caramel butter. My favorite year-round flavor is the chocolate stout.My wife and I have been there a few times. I'm a big fan. I like the mom-and-pop feel that they have going on here. They have a very friendly staff. The space is very homey and cozy. However cozy = small which means very limited seating. The last time we went we grabbed our treats and sat on the ground outside next to the parking lot. Perhaps they can look into putting a couple of tables and chairs outside. Other than that, I have no complaints about Fat Cat. Other than the fact that they will likely make me fail my new year's resolution.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,3/12/2014,124,325,4,10,8>Kind of shaped like a boat....enough said.It's all bar sitting so it can get tricky to maneuver especially when there is a group of 5-6 people who expect you to MacGyver past them. (side eye)The staff was attentive and it looked as though there were a bunch of regulars. Everyone seemed to have a michelada in their hand. The menu is on the wall and the prices are pretty reasonable almost on the verge of cheap. Half a dozen oysters on the halfsheel were $3.75 and a dozen were like $6.75. We didn't order any but there was a lot going around. I ordered the stuffed shrimp and an ice tea. He ordered the whole catfish - double and a dos equis. It took a few minutes and bam the food was there. His catfish looked delictable and my shrimp was not as pretty but still good. They do their stuffed shrimp (3 to an order) with jalapenos so if you aren't down with a little bit of spice, you may want to stick to the fried shrimp. He said the catfish was good and he was going to be a regular. Their menu isn't huge but has the major staples. Fried shrimp, fried platter, oysters, oh and frog legs....PASS! ...they also had gumbo. I thought about trying it but as for those that have eaten out with me know, I never eat all of anything so till next time.....Not close to my neighborhood but when I'm visiting my friend, this will def be a spot to revisit. Oh and for his double (two) whole catfish plate, my stuffed shrimp, ice tea and his two dos equis - it was about $32 much cheaper than Pappadeaux and much better than that Baytown Seafood (blah).
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,3/10/2014,70,191,7,14,11>Like it says, as good as it gets!Plenty of parking and an amazing looking front door let me know I was in for a treat early. Thursday night is 1/2 price wine night, and their coconut sangria was so good I had to get the recipe. On to the food:Everything is tapas, so order to share. We had the tuna, papaya salad, yellow curry, and the steak skewer.Tuna- It was the only thing I really didn't care for. Tapas means enough to share, this plate just didn't have enough on it. Steak Skewer- Absolutely tender and delicious. You could tell it had been marinating a long time and was super tender.Yellow Curry- Simply the best damned curry I've ever eaten! Like, I could've eaten a punch bowl of the stuff. Spicy and flavorful with a bit of rice. The only recommendation I'd make on this would be to serve naan bread on the side so we can sop up everything.Papaya Salad- A perfect compliment to the curry, I definitely recommend getting them both together to cool you down from the spices.We will definitely be back, congrats to the new owners!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,3/9/2014,226,154,3,17,12>Man, ohh Man.. I am shocked the Yelpers really haven't got a hold of this place yet. Well, they SHOULD. This place totally rocked my world this morning... I cant wait to go back!! I am VERY stingy with my 5 star reviews, yet I did not hesitate with this one.I called in an order for cronuts a few days in advance for a special celebration in our family, and my little brother is a sweets nut. So I decided to get him these for a little surprise. The lady who took my order over the phone was so so helpful and nice, and put together a nice little special order for me. I did have to pay ahead, but that's ok, I mean its a small family run place and I will do that. We went in on Sunday around 10am, and our order was just being boxed up. I asked if they happened to make some extra cronuts, and luckily they did! I was able to have my first cronut, fresh and warm. I had half of the barvarian cream, and half a cream cheese. It was really delicious! I really loved it. All of that flaky sugary goodness... Ok I have to stop, I am ready for another one! They have all sorts of gourmet, off the wall doughnut flavors, and the presentation is really nice! The service was excellent. Great people at this little bakery. I drove over 30 minutes to get to Grove, and I will do it again in a heartbeat!
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,3/8/2014,94,189,7,13,10>I did not stay at the hotel but helped someone set up for a conference there.  After seeing the ground and meeting some of the people I will have to put it on my list to do though.  The room was spacious and very clean.  The bed was extra high and comfy. It's kind of crazy how the grounds are set up since it is so big.  You'll have to ask the front desk where everything is located to make sure you see it all and don't get lost.The staff was very helpful and efficient unloading all of the equipment we had.  Two weddings were happing on the day we were there and still everything seemed to be running smoothly.  If I have to stay in a hotel in Houston for whatever reason I will have to try this place out since it seems so cool.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,3/7/2014,278,508,8,20,12>Reviewing:  Houston Restaurants Weeks 2013, DinnerWARNING:  I am generally not a fan of seafood; I like my occasional Chilean sea bass and halibut.  I like shrimp.  I love seaweed.  Anything else from the ocean can stay in the ocean.  I have also been temporarily banned from seafood by my doctor.  Furthermore, this place is out of my spending comfort zone.However, I will say that Masraff's left me thoroughly impressed.  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -:: VALET ::  There if you want it, but you don't have to use it.  They were kind enough to open the front door of the restaurant for me and greeted me as I walked in.- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -:: HOSTING ::  Was greeted immediately by the hostess and brought to my reserved table within 3 minutes of arriving.- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -:: SERVICE ::The rest of the night was fantastic.  Our server, Monica, was stellar.  She gave her personal recommendations as well as popular dishes among customers.  We had at least 3 or 4 different bussers / secondary servers who brought plates.  Tony Masraff, the owner himself, came to personally greet us, ask us how we were enjoying ourselves, and if we were doing well.  As we left, another three people genuinely were concerned if we had ourselves a good time.Thankfully, they continued to change out our silverware throughout the night.  I think this is something I've come to really yearn for if I'm going $$$ and having multiple courses.  Why let the previous course overstay its welcome?Notably, they aren't ones to rush you.  The entire experience door-to-door was 3 hours.  The service seemed against having you batch order your entire meal and opening drink.  Instead, they want you to get refreshed with a drink.  Then they come back to take an appetizer order.  And so forth with the rest of the courses.  And, the same can be said of when they bring the next plate: only when everyone has finished the current course.- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -:: FOOD ::Ok, obviously I can only enjoy myself in a limited way; who else goes to Masraff's without intending to order any seafood, rich foods, or alcohol?  I personally ordered:- - - - - - - - - - -  -  Appetizer  -  "Traditional Vietnamese Crispy Peking Duck Spring Rolls"Perhaps they are culturally confused.  I associate Vietnamese spring rolls with NOT being fried and Peking duck with being a more Chinese-style preparation.  (Maybe I'm the culturally confused one.)  Nevertheless: delightfully moist meat, with that perfectly crispy roll.  Didn't taste heavily oily as I always think of for Chinese-prepared duck.- - - - - - - - - - -  -  Main Course  -  "Oven roasted filet mignon with wild mushroom risotto, prosciutto chip, sweet baby carrots, and aged balsamic with truffle oil."This is where Masraff's stands out: the quality of their meat.  They didn't have to overly flavor their meat, but they let the quality stand out on its own.  It was almost as if my knife were Moses' staff parting the (medium rare) red sea of tender beef.  I swear, that meat split before my knife had touched it.  Ok, maybe is a poetic hyperbole.  However, that filet cut like room temperature butter.  Amazing.Of course, I had to substitute the risotto for whipped mashed potatoes as I didn't think I could handle the richness.  The mashers were fine enough.  Thankfully, they didn't overshadow the meat.  The prosciutto chip?  Heavily cured strip of Italian bacon.  Bring it.The truffle oil and aged balsamic gently lingered in my blessed mouth.  Here me say "mmm" like Homer.  Mmm... (wiping drool of edge of mouth...)- - - - - - - - - - -  -  Dessert  -  "Dark Chocolate Capriotada with candied walnuts, Mexican chocolate, and dulce de leche ice cream"I'm pretty sure that this was a Mexican interpretation of Morton's molten lava cake.  Monica seemed to associate dark chocolate with some kind of overly sweet or rich quality - like fudge.  Or, perhaps she thought it would be bitter.  Instead, this was like a perfect cocoa: not too rich, bitter, or sweet.  It had that chocolate undertone (that I can only associate with a perfect cocoa), was served warm, with that cooling ice cream on top.  I'm not normally a chocolate dessert fan, for reasons that you may infer, but this was delectable as Martha Stewart might say.- - - - - - - - - - -- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -Overall, I was left amazed.  This is certainly not the kind of restaurant that I prefer in terms of cuisine or price point, but the service and the food were so excellent that I would definitely be inclined to go again.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,3/6/2014,79,100,6,15,11>Finally! A Mediterranean place in Clear Lake that's actually on-par with places like Phoenicia and Fadi's. This place has the potential to take over this side of town the same way those other business took over the west side of Houston.The lady who owns this place actually grew up in the same town as the family owners of Phoenicia and Fadi's (and even knows several of their family members), so the food here will feel familiar if you've been to those other places. I dare say that the hummus at Mona's is quite better than either place though (and second only to my all-time favorite hummus at Kasra Persian Grill) -- it has that nice, lemony garlic taste that I love. I'm very picky about my hummus, as a lot of Mediterranean places in town make them pretty bland and sometimes even bitter, yuck. The tabouleh and falafel are also some of my favorites here. All their vegetable dishes are fresh and non-greasy, unlike a lot of the Mediterranean places in the area.Their setup is cafeteria style, so you can order a la carte or do a one-meat plate with however much vegetable sides as you want, which gives you an opportunity to sample just about everything. Their shawarma meat (beef or chicken) comes very well-seasoned, so I recommend you choose either of those as your meat; you can also choose their gyro meat (yummy!) or a lamb shank. If it's lunch time, you can also order a beef or chicken shawarma with fries if you want something lighter.And last but not least, they have one particular dessert here that I'm obsessed with: Mona's million-dollar pie (patent pending)! It's the owner's own recipe and it's absolutely delicious -- definitely not something you'd find at any other Mediterranean place. If you want a more traditional dessert, their baklava is served with sugared rosewater on it, which gives it a nice touch. Overall, I can definitely recommend this place as a haven of good Mediterranean food in an area that sorely needs it.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,3/5/2014,275,269,10,18,10>Where do I begin on how much I love this pizza? It's so good that I was ready to roll up the entire pie and devour it by myself, but my mother taught me to be a lady and that eating like a pig isn't socially acceptable. She also taught me that sharing is caring and because I was dining with a friend, in no way was I about to be rude and eat the whole pizza, so I sat and ate each slice individually savoring each gooey tangy bite.Yes, this location of Brothers Pizzeria is a bit of a drive for anyone, even those of us who live on the west side of town, but once you get here, it is so worth the drive to eat here. The Sam's Club has since closed down, so ample parking is available, if you can decide to choose from one of over 100 parking spaces to take.As I sat inside of Brothers, I noticed that there was one employee making deliveries. This is a great service if you live within the area, but unfortunately, I would probably have to pay hefty fees to talk them into delivering to my house. The cheaper and less hassle way around this was to just show up and eat my pizza in the place.Without realizing that they had anything else on the menu, I ordered up what I came here for...the pizza. They don't have the typical pizza menu with a lot of pre-selected topped pizzas. Brothers are known for custom orders, meaning you get to do it the old school way of picking your own toppings and they make it. I ordered up a 14" with onion, mushrooms, and pepperoni; only after I ordered was I told that extra cheese was automatically included for any order with 3 or more toppings to help the pizza stay balanced and to ensure that the toppings all were covered in cheese. This was more than a pleasant surprise. More cheese? Yes please!The employee ringing up my order gave me a price of $20.25 for one 14" 3 topping pizza and 2 beers...are you kidding me?! The last time I went to Reliant Stadium, 2 beers cost nearly that and I didn't even get the enjoyment of having pizza. Wow, what a value for the dollar. I figured if the pizza wasn't that good, no big deal since it wasn't very expensive to begin with.The place is a semi dive with only wooden tables and chairs lining the front entry, bright annoying fluorescent overhead lights, and generic hospital style tiled floors. I wasn't crazy about the décor, but then again, this place is a bit of a hole in the wall and it added to the charm of having beer and pizza. If paper plates and small cocktail sized napkins are your idea of having good pizza in a hole in the wall, then Brothers Pizzeria is your place. I doubt that my friend and I were sitting for 10 minutes when our pizza was delivered to our table hot, fresh, and dripping with lots of melted mozzarella. It was so hot that I had to blow on it for a bit and let it rest at room temperature for about 5 minutes to really let it set and to be able to handle. Once I was able to get my hands on it and get the first bite into my mouth, I was in love. The crust was perfectly baked with no charring at all. It wasn't under baked and it wasn't over baked, it was perfect. By far one of the best crust pizza's I've ever had. The pizza sauce had a distinctive roasted garlic flavor while the toppings added to the completion of the taste. Where do I begin on how good the extra cheese was??? These guys definitely know what they're doing when it comes to making pizzas.Brothers Pizzeria has spoiled me. I will have a hard time ever being able to truly enjoy pizza anywhere else because I will now be holding them to the standard that these guys have set. I still enjoy Coppa when it comes to an upscale pizza, but when I want a good basic pizza, this is my new favorite spot. The great thing about this pizza place is that you can show up in your sweat pants and no one will care because half of the patrons here were dining in theirs. I only wish this place was closer to my house, but then again, I would end up having an affair with the pizza if it were that easy to get.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,3/4/2014,439,301,16,17,12>Let me start with saying all 4 of the reviews posted before mine sound absolutely fake AF!!!! Your picture with 0 friends and a handful of reviews ain't foolin' anybody darling!  With that said, now you get the scoop from a real diner that has no reason to sugar coat...New cajun restaurant in the EC, say what now? I know the one down the street is about to be maaaaad! hahahaha time to step ya game up cause the food at Zydeco Kitchen is delicious.  The owner, Marty, let us try spoonfuls of the daily specials and sides: chicken fricassee (I asked him to pronounce this for me 3 or 4 times; he probably thought I was short bus special cause I've never heard of this dish and the pronunciation is quite funny), shrimp creole, crawfish étouffée, okra & tomatoes, mashed potatoes, Corn Maque Choux (can't you tell I just copied & pasted that ish from the website cause errr wtf is that), and black eyed peas. I almost pulled a damn accordion out my handbag to do a little jig right there in line...it was really good (sans the corn dish, wasn't feeling that at all).  The corn bread tastes of the jiffy variety so if you don't like sweet, might wanna pass on that.  They have different daily specials (check the website) and then everyday items (fried seafoods, gumbo, po-boys).  I've tried the shrimp po-boy, chicken & sausage jambalaya, and the seafood gumbo.  All were really good except the gumbo.  I wasn't feeling it.  I'd suggest you try the petite $3 size (coulda sworn it was $2 the first time I went 2 weeks ago but shrugs, $3 is still good) to see if you like it.  It's a cafeteria style restaurant (think miniature Luby's so not even close to being nearly as long).  Slide on through...let your eyes do the talking, pay, snag a seat and enjoy your selections while listening to some zydeco & cajun tunes...Skip Luby's if I just put it in your mind to go, because this place runs about the same price.  Zydeco is easy on the wallet...$8-$11 an entree.As of today's posting, I think they are a lunch time only establishment but dinner hours are coming...
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,3/3/2014,202,203,10,16,15>Well worth waiting for!  The interior is stunning. To the left of the entry, the two story glass shelved wine wall reflects the Vallone modern art sensibility.  To the right, is a lovely bar area that invites happy hour encampment. The restaurant evokes an homage to the height of 60's modern chic with warm earth tones and lots of glass.  The cluster globe chandeliers throughout the downstairs dining room cast a nice ambient glow that does not overpower the more modern wooden wall shelves of faux flickering candle light that runs throughout the room. All this frames the nearly entire back wall of enclosed gas fireplace which is the central focal point. Upstairs, are private dining rooms offering a view from the second story windows reminiscent of the great view of Post Oak from Del Friscos in the Galleria.  Too bad one has to be part of a private event to dine upstairs!We were promptly greeted by the gracious hostess, and though we were early, we were seated in a cozy booth.  Our waitress, Gigi, was efficient and caring of our experience. As is standard with Vallone dining, we were greeted many times.  Be it by Scott, Chuck, Annie or the Sommelier, Evan, we were well cared for.  The menu is a nice mixture with something for everyone.  Many types of salads, seafood, pasta, & steaks.  We started with a simple Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail with Cajun Remoulade sauce. The three shrimp were huge and tasty but the sauce was perhaps too tomato-y and bland for my taste.  Also the $20 price tag was too high compared to Trulucks which still holds the top prize for me with 5 large shrimp, served with a lovely dry ice presentation for $19. Knowing this is a steakhouse, I came for MEAT!  The only grass fed steak listed was a Kobe Fillet which I ordered.  It was tasty though a bit chewy, had a nice char, and cooked to order, though $75.  I would have liked to have seen more grass fed choices for a steakhouse, but this seems to be a problem in H town. There were standard choices of a bone-in Fillet which, I think, was $59. and a std. fillet for $36. or a larger for $45. There were also choices of a sirloin, which they were out of, and a Rib-eye along the same price points with a large Tamahawk one for $95. The spicy Bearnaise was bland but they quickly brought a new spicier version which was fab! Hubby had a Pasta Alfredo seafood dish that was very tasty.  There are many sides here including Brussels Sprouts, Asparagus, Califlower, Potatoes, etc.  We had the wonderful honey glazed baby carrots with goat cheese. Yummm!  The Truffle Mac and Cheese was gooey wonderful.  Hubby wished the portions was a bit larger. We did not have desert as we were too full!All in all, for a restaurant 2 days old, this is a winner!  I debated that fifth star which I initially gave, but feel there is room to grow.  Knowing Vallone, I believe it will happen quickly!
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,3/2/2014,181,536,4,10,8>This was the only place that could accomdate my party of 20 the same day I called to make reservations. Service was excellent for a big top. They had two servers for us. KHOU stopped by to interview us about Connor Barwin leaving the Texans. We were on the 10PM news that night. It was a nice birthday surprise! My friends got their 5 minutes of fame... hahaThe food was actually pretty good. I tried their Bacon wrapped Jalepenos (yummy!) and the Ribeye steak was cooked to perfection. All of my friends seemed to enjoy their meal also. They served a huge Nachos dish on the house too. P.S. they make a kick-ass Mojito! Cheers!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,3/1/2014,52,88,4,12,5>This park is amazing!! There are so many trees and trails to keep any outdoor lover happy!! I went to Pundt Park last weekend with my husband and 2 dogs, and we were really surprised with everything the park had to offer. The walking trails are nice and wide so if a bicycle, or other dog walkers go buy there is plenty of space (regarding the Hardwood Trail and the Oxbow Loop). The dog park was perfect for my dogs needs. I have been to Archer dog park off HWY 6 and my dog Lady has been attacked there many times, there are too many people and dogs, and people don't watch their pets!!! Drives me nuts!! I digress....what I liked about the dog park at Pundt is that it was quiet, and very laid back. We stuck to the small dog side, and the hour we were there we saw maybe 4 other dogs. It was nice and stress free for me and my pups! The only thing bad I can say is that some parts of the trails have lots of soft loose sand, and one of my dogs kept inhaling the sand and then coughing like crazy...but  maybe that will change over time! Go and check it out people! And if you have a mean crazy attack dog, please stay home!
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,2/28/2014,56,448,5,8,7>I came here for breakfast before meeting a group of friends to tour a local historical building.  I just used my trusty "Yelp" app and searched for "breakfast".  This joint was rated highest out of all the nearby spots so I figured I'd give it a try.I was a bit confused when I pulled up.  The curbs have a faint yellow color leading me to think they were no parking zones, but then I saw plenty of people parking here after I parked half a block away.  They should maybe post some little signs by the curb saying you can park here, but since the food was so awesome I can't subtract any stars for that.I got my typical omelet for breakfast since it's a decent way to test a new place. Will I get what I expect?  I sure didn't get what I expected this time.  I didn't expect a 2 inch thick omelet with the veggies literally falling out of it (I uploaded a pic).  I didn't expect the tomatoes and mushrooms to have such a great flavor  since most people just throw them in the omelet raw.  I didn't expect to find swiss cheese on top and then stuffed down the center.  When I commented to the waitress (and possibly owner or manager) about how stuffed my omelet was, her only comment was "oh yeah, he likes to stuff as much as he can in them".  But do I have any regrets?  Yes.  If my omelet had not been so big, I might have been hungry enough to come back by here for lunch.  I guess that will wait for another visit to Galveston.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,2/27/2014,439,285,13,22,19>Great, awesome place.  That is, if you are a NASA nut.  That is, if you like rockets, nerdy stuff like seeing an entire life sized version of the International Space Station, looking at history and stuff.. than this is your place!!!!  Other than that, the mockery of taking your picture because its "mandatory" to sell you over priced pictures of your visit and the kiddy stuff really kills my buzz here.  Not a place to take your kids -- too theme parky for me :)There are two trams -- blue and red.  Ride one of each -- each takes you to 2 different sections of NASA -- one to the ISS building and one to the historic Mission Control.    Be prepared to climb some serious stairs!!!!   My lovely Fitbit loved me that I climbed 18 stories on my last visit :)  haha...  For the others, there is a nice elevator, but can it be ANY slower??Okay, don't miss these:  The tram stop honoring all the astronauts who have lost their lives in space missions - its an entire grove of trees.   Respect these brave people!.  Saturn V rocket --- you can't imagine how large this thing is -- yes, gravity is that powerful! and Historic Mission Control.  Also, when you visit the park, be sure to take your time to see the often missed T-38 Talon park -- in fact, it is free :)   Most people overlook this nice park!Would I visit again?  YES!  Its cool to see the ISS and future things NASA is working on.   The rest of it?  not so much!  because those are static -- Historic Mission Control is just like it was in the 1960's...  but still amazing since your iPhone has 200x more memory than the computers that put a man on the moon!Technology rules!
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,2/26/2014,100,289,6,12,12>I have had this place bookmarked for a LONG time thanks to Shawn S. raving about it all the time, and it is almost sad how excited I was to find out how close my new job was to it....Finally got a chance to come here yesterday for lunch.  As others have said the décor is vibrant and the service very friendly (Linda is seriously sweet).  I ordered a chicken banh mi to go and it was fixed quickly.Now comes the fun part....the best banh mi I have ever had!  The bread was fantastic-crunchy where it should be crunchy and soft where it should be soft, easy to bite through with no tearing.  The chicken was good, the veggies fresh and fabulous, and I loved the garlic mayo-I am not a mayo person, but this is super tasty and they put just the right amount on.All that for less than $4.....it is going to be seriously dangerous working so close to this place.  Thanks Shawn!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,2/25/2014,54,429,3,12,7>I have been eating at this restaurant for over 4 years and during that time I have dined there dozens of times. The reason is simple...The Cajun Stop has the best po boy in this area and as good as I have had anywhere (including living in N'Awlins for 5 years).The restaurant sits on the edge of downtown in the area known as EaDo. It is in a non- descript strip center that looks run down and could appear to some as not being safe. Don't worry, it is just as safe as anywhere else. While they have several versions of po boys for you to choose from my favorites have become the shrimp, the roast beef and their combination of the two which is called the Surf & Turf. I think the Surf & Turf has become their signature sandwich. The small size (8") with fries and a drink is a full meal for most people. The regular size (11") is alot more and then they have 2 larger sizes that are meant for gluttons, the Jolly Green Giant or NFL football teams....Their combo's come with regular fries however I rarely get them. I usually order their sweet potato fries that come drizzled with honey (yum) or I get the shrimp chips (yum). Shrimp Chips are a side that I don't think most people know about but I love them too. They are like big potato chips that have a slight shrimpy flavor and they are very light and crunchy.When in season, their boiled crawfish is outstanding. The best deal is to find out when they have one of their All You Can Eat specials. Those specials not only include their excellent crawfish but they are very generous with the vegetables that go with it. It is truly a feast. Of course there are other menu items such as fish dinners, gumbo's, red beans, etc. My service experiences have always been from average to good. I am sure that during busy times the service might suffer but then any small restaurant has some difficulties when they are swamped. I don't go to a restaurant like this to get the same level of service that one would get at a high end restaurant. I go for the food and that's why I go often. They have recently started serving breakfast but I have not had the opportunity to try it yet.I give The Cajun Stop 5 stars not because it's perfect...no restaurant is. I give it 5 stars because their signature item...the po boy...is the best around.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,2/24/2014,217,363,3,10,6>Reggae Hut is a blast to dine at. The workers are all friendly and accommodating. The music is up eat and will get you psyched for the amazing food that is to come. The prices for entrees are all in the $10-15 range. However, if you have a small appetite like me, you will most certainly be able to spread out your entree into 3 good meals. No joke. They certainly pack it onto the plate!The coconut shrimp with fried green plantains and mango salsa was delicious! Strangely enough, the green plantains were my favorite part of the appetizer. I loved how they spiced it with some Cajun seasoning and fried it to a crisp. Mmmm mmm!I have had the jerk chicken on several occasions. While I like the flavor, I have had a couple dry pieces of chicken breasts with my plate. It's not my favorite jerk chicken ever, but it certainly will hit the spot and cure my need for jerk.The oxtail was extraordinary. Extremely flavorful, extremely tender, and extremely tasty! This is a must try and must devour!Reggae hut is an experience to be had. I mustn't forget to mention, they're also byob and byoparty! Oh yeah!
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,2/23/2014,116,125,7,14,10>My husband went here as soon as it opened because he was excited to see what replaced Frenchy's (he took that loss pretty hard). He got a takeaway fried chicken po'boy combo with a side of fried okra. The inside:The restaurant just opened 5 hours ago so it was a bit hard to get a grasp of the ambiance with everyone bustling about. I did notice that the staff was warm and friendly so it felt like a soul food restaurant. The manager even popped out to jovially introduce himself. I peeked into the kitchen and it was quite clean and tidy, which is always reassuring. The food: The food really gave it the 5 stars for me. Po'boy was delicious: fried chicken moist on the inside, crispy on the outside with exceptional seasoning. Good amount of veggies(shredded lettuce, red onion, slices tomatoes) without overstuffing the sandwich. The perfect tarter sauce made it even dishier. I was impressed with the bread: soft and thick so it didn't become boggy. Fried okra: delicious x2. Crispy, well seasoned, not too greasy. The batter was the bees knees because it stayed on the okra. I'm giving this place 5 stars because the food was impressive and downright scrummy (weird husband's British slang for particularly delicious). Keep it up!
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2013,2/22/2014,86,91,2,9,5>Soma still maintains the crown for ramen and for good reason. Chef Medina has really refined his craft. While true he learned a lot from Kata Robata he has done just enough to set himself apart. Every time Im here I end up getting the spicy miso ramen and it satisfies the ramen addiction each time. The broth here is extremely flavorful, has the right amount of saltiness, and the miso is the true hero...the way it should be. The fattiness from the broth just beautifully coats the noodles along with your mouth/lips making for a perfect slurp down. The noodles are really good as well; it has the perfect amount of bite to it and in just the right amount. As far as toppings go...well the enoki, wakame, and all the way down to the shiitake all fuse extremely well with the broth. For seafood lovers the Kaisen ramen is the way to go. While there are many who will say their ramen lacks "authenticity", Chef Medina was not aiming for traditional ramen but to create a good bowl of kodawari ramen!
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,2/21/2014,76,310,1,18,5>The market will be held on Thursdays from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. in the parking lot of St. Cyril of Alexandria Catholic Church, 10503 Westheimer at Rogerdale. About 26 vendors will be on hand each week, offering locally-grown produce, beef, lamb, pork and cheeses, as well as prepared food and products such as jellies, honey, soaps and bread.It's a small farmer's market but growing and changing weekly. Many of the vendors take credit cards but there is a bank right across the street with ATMs if you need cash. All of the folks selling wares are local to the Houston area and many sell their goods online if you need it between set ups of the market.The produce is beautiful and we found home grown Meyer lemons for 50cents each, some fantastic meat rubs and Balsamic Vinegars from a vendor we had seen at other farmer's markets in the city. You can have tastes and samples and wonderful conversations with the folks who grew and made the wares.See your neighbors - heck tell your neighbors! Let's keep this wonderful addition to our part of the city open and growing!!*I understand with the longer daylight they are staying open until 7.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,2/20/2014,101,69,7,10,9>Yes!! I have found my new Cajun food place. Where do I start? First I got the bonfire special which consists of 10 wings, fries and two boudin balls. These are not your wing stop wings all little and stuff, these are some mighty meaty wings!! I got the flavor of my wings mixed five honey bqq and five Jamaican jerk, the jerk was decent I could have done without tho. Honey BBQ was amazing savory and sweet with the right amount of tang to it and the boudin balls were life changing I'm serious. If your on this side of town definite stop in, cause Ocho knows wings oh yeah!!!!!
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,2/19/2014,289,404,2,17,9>Being a scuba diver was a dream of mine. When a Groupon deal for Open Water Diver Certification at Gigglin Marlin popped up, my husband and I jumped on it. This investment (details below) was our Christmas present to each other. The staff at Gigglin Marlin is phenomenal.  I never met a bunch so friendly and accommodating. They make you feel like part of their family. I'll name drop to give everyone the props they deserve. *Tonya is a truly involved owner and she runs a tight ship with excellent staffers. *Jesse & Jonathan, you are both awesome and knowledgeable salespeople without pressuring us too much. *Lauren is efficient during the messy business of distributing rental items amongst a class of people. *John is the go-to guy for gear rental, and you can't help but love that mustache topped smile. *Nicole and Randy are amazing dive masters and always there just when you thought you were lost, alone and underwater.*ADDITIONAL PROPS for my instructors Ron Clark and Tom Nylander. These two are scuba diving bad asses. They make a great team in teaching and in the water. Ron is calm, gentle and always has an answer to your most obscure question. Tom is firm in the most important lessons, and is a strong, comforting presence in the water with you. When you take classes at Gigglin Marlin, GET THESE GUYS.__________Financial investment: OW certification is an investment in yourself because it isn't something you should do on a whim for a weekend of fun -- this class will change your life. I'll be detailed because I was slightly naive before going in to this. Below is the average price I invested for ONE person. - OW Class via Groupon: $200 Gear you MUST buy for the Open Water Diver Certification class:- Mask: $40 online, $80-100 in store. We bought in store originally, and found identical masks online for 50% off. Mares brand is our preference.- Snorkel: $16 online. It's just a tube you breathe from on the surface. Buy it cheap online. Promate is the brand we chose.- Booties: $25 online. In store they are $44, but we actually found pairs we liked better online. I'd recommend you stick with whatever pair feels better on your feet. NeoSport is the brand we ended up with.- Fins (not 'flippers' I quickly learned): $50 (high-end used) to $80 (low-end new) to $200+ (high-end new). We bought our fins in store because the fit really does make a difference. If you order online, definitely try on in store first. Mares and Aeris are the brands we chose.- Weights & Belt: ~$35 Craigslist and Ebay. Weights are EXPENSIVE ($4/lb in store) and you should go as cheap as possible on this (IMO) because there is no way it will malfunction and no proper fitting required. It's just lead weight strapped to you.- Mask defog: $4.86 online, and you're stupid if you don't buy this.- Mask cleaner: $2.99 in store, and you could always use toothpaste.Additional fees required for OW class: - 288 Lake entry fee: $17/day x 2 days = $34- Dive master gratuity: $20 x 2 DMs = $40. This cost is up to you, but our dive masters were helpful and passionate. Optional fees based on staff recommendations due to weather: - Drysuit specialty course deal for winter OW classes: $99. We were hesitant to put up the extra cash for this, but I'm glad we did. We were toasty in our drysuits in 50 degree water, plus we got an additional certification all in one swoop.TOTAL INVESTMENT: $500+ per person. Keep in mind that this number is probably on the low end due to me getting a Groupon, online purchasing and Craigslist bargain hunting. __________Reason for 4 stars: Limited selection of sizes of rental gear and gear for purchase. I'm a curvy girl, and I had trouble fitting in to the drysuits that were available for rental. They were all mens sizes, so my hips and bust would be tight, but I'd have extra material on my legs and stomach. This made me feel more awkward than I would have liked on my first few dives. I also wanted to try on some wetsuits for purchase, but they only had 1 in my size. There seemed to be a limited selection of fin colors and sizes. For instance, the Aeris Mako fins my husband got come in 5 different sizes and 5 different colors, but they only had 2 pairs available, so if you need fins immediately, you take whatever color is available in your size. There were quite a few different brands and prices of fins. It seems like they keep the basic sizes and colors in stock, and the staff encourages ordering other colors and sizes.___________BOTTOM LINE: So, was it worth it? YES! Get your open water diving certification (or continue your Scuba education) and do it at Gigglin Marlin.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,2/18/2014,340,388,4,9,9>I couldn't wait to check into this place so I could write my review. All I can tell you about this place is that this is the best Colombian Restaurant in Houston. I have written reviews on different Colombian restaurants and I have said that they are all good, but this place is home sweet home.It has all the usual dishes bandeja paisa, la mojarra, buñelos, empanadas, and soups. Yes colombian food is good, but the difference between this place and all the other colombian restaurants is that the food here is exactly made like in Colombia. The area is not nice and this place is a little hole in the wall place but it is very well worth it by coming here and trying it out. You will not regret it!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,2/17/2014,117,62,12,18,15>This is a definite must try, who doesn't love a converted convenience store filled with great decor, drinks, and food offerings!  Like seriously if you are ever in need of pork skins they got you covered like bubba gump and shrimp: old fashioned pork cracklin strips, seasoned, chili cracklins, you name it!  They also have a huge variety of drinks from Coke, Fanta, Sprite in the glass bottle (the good stuff), beers, all the Arizona tea flavors imaginable, to Aloe and Calypso Ocean Blue Lemonade for $2 and bottled water for $1. One word, BURGERS.  Stantons is probably one of the best burger places in Houston   They have a lot of options to choose from but their model replica of R2-D2 helped me finalize my decision to try the Luke Skyburger.  OMG can I just say that was the best deep-fried bacon I've ever tasted!  The batter on the bacon was super crispy, not as greasy as expected and loved that added crunch to each bite, yum!  The patty was a  1/2 pound of beef patty, like real beef that was super flavorful, juicy, and delicious.  The provolone cheese was perfectly melted and loved the fresh garlic sauteed spinach and grilled mushrooms.  Daily serving of vegetables: check!I also tried a quarter of a club sandwich, this was a bit salty for my liking, so I would just stick to burgers.  Our party also ordered a few of the better sides: curly fries, waffle fries, and tater tots.  I thought the curly fries and waffle fries (think Chick fil a style) were ok as I like thinner cut fries but I would definitely recommend the tater tots!  Each bite of the tots was super crunchy on the outside but fluffy on the inside, hard to explain so just try them!It's a family run business with the mother working hard to ensure the success of her late husband's dream.  I think it is awesome that her daughter was also there to help out, you can really sense their closeness and you feel at home when you are here.  I will be coming back indeed, great food, great ambiance, great service what more could you ask for!
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,2/16/2014,194,103,29,15,10>11:30am: arrive at Down House with a group of girls. Notice that Down house is packed to the brim with patrons. Also notice that EVERYONE is wearing skinny jeans, plaid shirts, or other apparel that seems ripped from the cover of an Anthropologie catalogue. 11:32am: girlfriend whispers "oh my god the hipsters are EVERYWHERE" as we're ushered into the last empty table. 11:35am: greeted by waiter. I feel it is important to note that said waiter had an arm full of tattoos of geometrical shapes. I don't mean shapes that together formed an abstract, artistic image. I mean, brother had a RECTANGULAR PRISM tattooed on his forearm. THAT is the level of hipster I witnessed. We order. 11:37am: girlfriend attempts to order the grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup. She is quickly informed that there is no such thing but they DO have a "gouda sandwich with chevre, local beer butter, heirloom tomato on rye with a cup of tomato BISQUE."  Girlfriend rolls her eyes so hard, the rest of us want to scream yatzee. 11:58am: orders arrive. I have the french toast. Or what was once french toast but is now a monstrous pastry comprised of challah bread, lemon ricotta, spiced pear jam, ginger syrup and pecans. Seriously. 11:59am: I take a bite of my french-everything-toast and....am grudgingly in love. It's perfect. Decadent, not overly sweet, with hints of fresh fruit, and a kiss of spice. I hate that I love it. I look over at girlfriend. She has already finished inhaling her bisque and is now sneaking bites of someone else's perfect smoked salmon salad.12:30pm: we finish our meals and the waiter brings us our checks. In a book. A BOOK! In this case, THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF CHARLES DARWIN. Expert hipster level: accomplished.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,2/15/2014,231,233,5,12,9>Dr. Fain is as good as it gets. He was the NFL team physician for the Houston Oilers back in the day, and he's been practicing for... well... maybe longer than I have been alive. His office is located at Memorial Hermann in the medical center. and he recently expanded his practice to a location in Kingwood. He's everything you want in a doctor. He's very kind, funny, encouraging- yet very honest. He draws a lot of pictures to show you exactly what's up with your knees, and explains your injury thoroughly and answers questions about any doubts you may have. He's not afraid to make jokes, and let me tell you, his office has a fantastic view of Houston that you can stare at while waiting. It was also fun to hear him explain how I got injured by explaining how football players get injured. He made a lot of football analogies, like, "say you are a running back and you just got tackled from the left..." and surprisingly it made things a little easier to handle to imagine that I was an NFL player. Yes, likely, I know. I was scheduled to get X-Rayed in the same building before my appointment, and Dr. Fain's office made sure to give me a courtesy call to check in to see if things were going smoothly and if I needed to push back my appointment in case the X-Rays were late. Fortunately, everything was on time. Dr. Fain was punctual and left me with a clear idea of what I needed to do on my road to recovery. Also, when I realized that I needed a refill prescription, Dr. Fain called me back after hours during his dinner time to make absolute sure that I got what I needed. He made some pharmacy calls and reassured me when I thanked him, "I'm your doctor. Don't worry, it's my job to take care of you."
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2013,2/14/2014,141,267,2,11,4>Know i'm getting too old to be going to places like this but I sure love me a hipster bar.  Familiar with the Barbarella in Austin, I was excited to hear they opened one here.  The music was great up until about 12:30am when they decided to start jamming top 40's bs crap.  I thought it was electro night.  Started off great with great classic tracks from people like Crystal Castles, Cut Copy, and Empire of the Sun.If you've been to Status, not much has changed.  Layout is the same.  They might have changed minor things.  Thank goodness there is a place to compete with Boondocks.  I like the environment.  People dancing, no one is mad dogging, and everyone is having fun.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,2/13/2014,416,295,8,12,9>I used to hang here when it was Cabo a lifetime ago. What they did with the place is pretty cool. The face lift is well worth the wait. High expectations were met especially with all the chatter in the local food scene. The several food items had was awesome as it became a smorgasbord of tacos, chips, beans and tequila. Started with an order of chips and queso and guac. Above average. Pleasantly surprised at the Duck Empanadas. Too bad we only get 2 per order. I could pig out on that alone. Speaking of pig I grubbed on the Carnitas Tacos. I noticed the tacos were larger than the other location? Let's just call it a generous portion of pork. Love it. The margaritas were basically the same style as Gran Malo which is good because consistency is key in this kind of business. I noticed the prices were higher...perhaps this is due to the downtown location. Can't wait till they open for lunch during the week. If only I could restrain myself from drinks during lunch!
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2013,2/12/2014,80,376,,9,5>We went this morning at 8:15 to pick up a dozen beignets to take home. They weren't quite ready yet so that is the only reason they drop one star. The beignets came home hot and fresh and they are pretty big. The place is really cute on the inside. I will definitely be going back since they are right around the corner! Yummy breakfast and a nice change from kolaches and donuts in the First Colony area.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,2/11/2014,128,244,3,13,9>I was so surprised to discover this establishment. I saw the sign "Eatwell" from distance. I thought this might be a great place to relax, unwind and enjoy what nature could provide. (I had an image of springtime in my head while feeling that 40-degree wind.) I was craving for a bowl of hot soup. The owner offered me 3 choices. They all sound delicious, but I have some restrictions. He said, "you'll like our lentil soup." It came steamy hot, perfectly seasoned and the beans just melted in my mouth. It also came with some fresh pita chips. Mmm... Mmm... Good.He came to my table and asked about my dietary preference. He told me he made all-natural yogurt from scratch. I was quite awake once I saw them very reasonably priced. He gave me a sample. I said, "Oh, yeah. I have to say goodbye to the White Mountain yogurt from Austin."
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,2/10/2014,78,135,5,15,7>Why is this place not mobbed?I'll tell you.  The signage doesn't tell you how AWESOME this place is.I'm not even sure how I found the spot to be honest, cause this part of Sabo I don't regularly frequent.Getting there - Easy. It's right off of the Tollway/Beltway.Parking - nothing in this strip center attracts gobs of people, parking should be easyStaff - all young teenagers with a passion for what they sell.  I haven't had this # of exotic samples and advice in a long time.  You go here if you want- ice cream, banana splits- fruit cups/bowls - chopped fruit, with lime and chili/chili powder.  - mangonadas - which is like mango smoothie/icee topped with a spicy/sour delicacy called chamoy.  It hits you with the cold and the sweet and the tropical, and finishes with a little spice.  Reminds me a bit of a Bloody Mary, not that I drink or anything. - PALETAS - Paletas as far as the eye can see.Most of these things you can find in your grocery store, but not in the traditional flavors  of Mexico, Caribbean, and Latin America.  I went with something involving rum, raisin, and possibly coconut.  But they had soursop (aka cherimoya) and a bunch of other fruits and flavor concoctions that won't be familiar to people who think Cake Batter is a legit ice cream flavor. (oh yeah, I'm hating)Price wise - I thought it was fair, if not inexpensive.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,2/9/2014,195,254,6,12,8>Oh my goodness. I love this place. I made my husband promise that we'll be regulars here because that's how good it is.A few friends recommended this place to us and we decided to check it out last weekend. We were seated immediately, which was awesome for a Saturday night. We had looked at the menu (online) already so we knew what we wanted to order. We ordered a japaneros pizza but only included the plantains on half (because I hate plantains/wasn't sure how it would taste on pizza).The food came out in a very timely manner and it looked a-m-a-z-i-n-g. It tasted even better than it looked! I'm usually the type of person that only orders pizza with cheese so I was taking a risk by ordering a pizza with many toppings..but boy did it taste good! It was so fresh and you could taste the freshness in every bite. The cheese was stringy and the crust was just right. I had a bite of my husband's slice with the plantains and it actually wasn't too bad. I still prefer it without, though.We decided that we couldn't come here and not get a waffle so we got the "smores please" waffle. That waffle is...HUGE.  We both looked at it and our immediate reaction was "holy hell" because that thing is just...so beautiful. It came with a side of ice cream so that was definitely a bonus. We devoured that thing in 60 seconds.The check came in an old paperback book which I thought was a cute touch. The restaurant itself is very warm and inviting. The service was great as well. This is one of my new favorite places in Sugar Land and you should check it out if you haven't already!
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2013,2/8/2014,195,262,2,8,8>So I've stopped in more times than my check ins and still unsure why I have yet to review this little corner spot. $2.99 Tacos - I would say they are more so small burritos; the quantity is much larger than expected of a breakfast taco, so the 3 bucks to me is worth it. I always go for the Bacon, Potatoes, Egg, & Cheese - warm flour tortilla, buttery potatoes, scrambled eggs, slice or two of bacon, all topped with some melted cheese accompanied with some red salsa. Donuts are always soft and creamy, the melt in your mouth kind. $1.29 Cinnamon Rolls - while I still love traditional cinnamon rolls the kind slathered in cream cheese frosting, fresh baked, I am always a sucker to have to have one with my order just out of habit. These again have the very rich creamy taste of a glazed donut but wound up into that delightful cinnamon roll shape. $1.29 Bear Claw - alright so I think growing up bear claws were always supposed to be quite similar to the size of an apple fritter or the above mentioned cinnamon roll. These are more so babies bear paws. Taste very similar to the cinnamon roll; actually I almost think it was just in the shape of a "claw" Always super friendly service, very quick. Though if you order a taco or two it takes a little longer they are not already premade up in the front & ready to go, and don't arrange them until ordered, so you may have to wait a few extra minutes.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,2/7/2014,225,440,5,9,9>This is more of an update, as the salon has now moved to its new location in Midtown! I still love Stacey and she is my go-to stylist that keeps me looking fresh and my tresses beautiful! The new location is very swanky with a much roomier space and an inviting decor.They now have two bathrooms, and parking out front.  Don't be fooled by the valet signs, as you can park in the lot.  They also offer complimentary wine, beer or water while you wait! Score!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,2/6/2014,229,174,22,22,21>I needed a cheap date, so I decided to grab some food from The Shack, drinks from Krogers and head up Cypress Rosehill to FM 2920 to find this magic place. It was getting late on the way and the streets turned from four lanes to two lanes and it was dark as "f$&k" on the streets! As we were driving my wife turns to me and ask, "Are you scared?". My reply was "Hell the f$&k yea!" Lol!! After several more miles we finally arrived to this beast and my childhood relived itself.Get here early so you can get a good parking spot. Feeling awkward, since we were driving a Honda Fit and every other single vehicle was a full sized truck. The lines moved quickly and it cost was $12(for two people and a double feature). Once you're parked you tune your radio to a station(it slips my memory) and this is cool because back when I was a younging we had a little reciever box and that was what you used to hear it. Fast forward to today and you're listening through your own stereo, so depending on what your ride has, it may sound like a damn theater with Dolby digital surround!!The concession area was big enough with tables and speakers to hear the movies if you opted to sit out there. They had good treats to purchase like icees, burgers, and deep fried deliciousness!! Now keep in mind that the last time I was actually at a drive in movie was when I was a child watching The Black Hole(yea I just dated myself), so this was definitely a "blast from the past" but upgraded for the future. So if you have never been to a drive in movie or if you miss the simplicity of just hanging out on a date and watching a movie in your car,drinking,eating, making out, or whatever you can achieve while you're there, then you should definitely plan it out and make the voyage!! I will most certainly return as this will be my new cheap date night spot!! :-)
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,2/5/2014,543,497,14,23,17>This place has a lot to offer.  I mean they really have a lot of variety, and a lot of food.  How can you not be a fan of this place?  Taste is decent enough here to whereas you are certain to find something that you would like...especially since they have a gazillion things to offer!I was not certain what to expect when my coworkers told me they wanted to meet me at this place.  Buffet...interested no doubt!  Screw the germ scares of a buffet!  You always have the potential to get sick no matter where you dine!  You better get right with a higher order and pray for food blessings on everything you eat!  I digress.  Asian food buffet...interest keeps growing.  You say this buffet has a Hibachi grill inside?  Definitely let's do this!Inside, is nicely decorated, but not over bearing by any sense.  The staff is friendly and always ensuring that you are satisfied with your dining experience.  They don't show up too often, just when they see the cup getting low on you.  In regards to the food choices...they have O'Plenty!  They have a sushi side of a bar, than a sashimi side of the bar.  These rice nuggets are getting made fresh right in front of you by two or more people of Asian decent.  That is important, because I don't want to have a soul food take or Latino flair on sushi!  Let me get it from some people that should seemingly know what the real stuff tastes like!  There is, as aforementioned, a hibachi grill with many fresh items.  There is always a line for these people to create something for you.  I am not certain what the technical term for Dim Sum means, but they have that there too!  I know "dim sum" crazy looking food items, but tasty as well!  Sticky buns and chicken feet is just some of the real deal dishes that I see there.  There are your traditional dishes like general Tso this, and sweet and sour that, as well as the types of foods that little kids like to nibble on...chicken nuggets, fried chicken wings, French fries, etc.  The restaurant claims that they have 12 buffet bars, and that seems accurate.  Various fruits in one section, various desserts in another section, chocolate fondue fountain on the side of a guy serving you various flavors of ice cream...just a whole lot of food!  To sum this up, this big place can hold hundreds of people and keep up with the demands of them all.  I saw them restocking items quite often with fresh from the kitchen items the entire time during the made lunch rush.  If you want to try a huge variety of Asian influenced foods, for a great price, definitely come here.  Taste is decent enough to warrant coming back often.  There are discounted rates for seniors and children, as well as a per pound rates for to-go orders.  Give this place a try.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,2/4/2014,159,62,5,12,11>"Have you ever have you ever had some bomb chicken, have you evarrrrrr.....?" Best fried chicken in the area. Only drawback is the fact that the service is at times subpar and tardy. But it is all definitely worth the wait. There is a wide variety to choose from on the menu. But the grilled and fried chicken plates are excellent.The chef (Ali) takes pride in his skills as he serves up tasty food that will have you coming back.For 6.99 you get a half chicken, huge bed of rice, salad, and pita bread with cream sauce and taziki sauce.Very friendly owner, chef, and staff. And the prices are very reasonable. Hookah is also available and around 9 bucks for the service. Great flavors and fresh cooking oils used at this corner spot off Richmond and Dunvale. If you have yet to eat here. Give it a go.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,2/3/2014,413,275,11,13,9>Millie Bush is our favorite dog park and by our I mean my pups Taylor and Mochi, and my doggy babby daddy aka boyfriend.6 reasons I love this park:(1) Benches to sit. (2) Poop bag stations galore. (3) People who actually pick up poop.(4) Small dog park for the little guys (or 9lb bullies aka Mochi) (5) Spacious. (6) And people who let dogs be dogs.The large dog park has two pools and a huge running area. The small dog park is the mini me version with a smaller pool. The small dog park is where it's at for us because it brings out the hood rat in my 9lb, scruffy terrier, Mochi. An animal shelter in Austin found her intoxicated on the side of the road. They also started doing this thing where they tattoo the female symbol on spayed females to avoid re-spaying in case she's found astray. So Mochi has been intoxicated and tattooed all by the age of 3 months. Gangsta. She knows her size and will fall in line when a 20+ pounder approaches. However, once we're in little dog zone, it's all fair game. She punks other little dogs, pins them down, and makes them run to mama. And the best part is, the other dog parents let dogs just be dogs and play rough. I've met other dog parents at other parks that shall not be named kick my dog or get all worked up. So I appreciate chill dog parents who don't get offended by a little rough housing or a hump or two. Mochi's known to whip out a hump sometimes. What can I say, girl got needs :)Thus our favorite dog park, We can walk to the bench not worrying about stepping on poo to sit with Taylor and watch Mochi rough house to her heart's delight.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,2/2/2014,361,477,3,11,8>Definitely a fan of the Funky Chicken.  Ate here last night as part of our long-running Tuesday Night Dinner club and with a group of 7, we opted for the Poker Fun Family pack which consisted of 2 crispy chickens, four sides, and a bunch of biscuits.  We really enjoyed our chicken which was a nice crispy yet slightly delicate and flavorful nature that wasn't too overbearing.  The sides were delicious as we enjoyed the brussel sprouts (tasty and roasted), the mac and cheese (nicely al dente and cheesy), the mashed potatoes (with chunks of chicken) and the funky slaw (a nicely well-made cole slaw).Overall, this is a great fast and casual place to order chicken at the counter and sit down.  I would say their key competition isn't so much KFC or Popeye's, but rather against slightly more upscale casual joints like Raising Cane's and Smashburger.   Overall, we all went away fans and even had leftovers to enjoy.  We will definitely come back for more.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,2/1/2014,21,130,13,15,7>I keep finding more and more reasons why I'm enjoying living in "the burbs" (ie life outside loop 610) and this park is now on my list! I really wanted to take the babies to Old McDonalds Farm in Humble but being short on time I was forced to reconsider. I started scrolling around google maps looking for a park that was closer to my house when I stumbled across this little gem.What a family friendly non ghetto park! There are trails and playgrounds but for me the highlight of this park is that it has its own little mini zoo which is in some ways better than the Houston zoo....sure sure Hermann Park is hands down the best park in Houston and you can see more species of animals but here's what I love about this 'mini zoo':-It's freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. This is especially relevant and good if you have a 20 month old and a 4 month old which can at any moment decide they've had enough and want to go home (great....I just spent $50 at the aquarium for a whole 30 minutes of temper tantrum hell).-Far less crowded! The zoo on a beautiful weekend? I can only imagine the droves of people....Bear Creek Park while it was crowded it was not nearly as packed as one might have thought.-You can get super close to the animals! - Emu's, Bison, pony's, pigs, goats, donkeys, horses, peacocks, deer, owls & ducks are just some of the animals that chill at this park.Totally worth your time especially if you have little ones!!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2013,1/31/2014,223,269,17,20,18>Warm chocolate chip cookies, queso, micheladas AND melted marshmallows in one meal?! I'm in Texas, baby. This is a stream-of-consciousness recollection of my meal at Ninfa's the other night. I had never reviewed it before, as I couldn't make my mind up at all about the food. Some of what I tried was utterly mediocre and unsatisfying. Other dishes and a particularly stand-out pumpkin margarita I tried two years ago kept me from dismissing it entirely. The fact that it took me two years before writing a vitriolic review spicier than any michelada in Houston reflects how much I believed in Ninfa's potential.I'm glad I waited. I brought a friend from New York here the other night who was just as hungry as I was. This is the first time I'd caught the cute lady up front making tortillas by hand. We were both enamored. While we waited, I had a margarita (delicious) and we shared chips and salsa. I've never really liked either of Ninfa's salsas much. They're more to wet chips than anything else. I'm trying this whole "plain-spoken Texan" thing out but it doesn't quite work for me, I think.Once we were seated we commenced what was one of the best Mexican meals of my life. I'd never really enjoyed the queso before, as I was always the person seated furthest away from it in large groups and was relegated to scraping the last cold bits off the sides. I can't really enjoy queso unless I have practically an entire bowl to myself, anyway. They serve the chile con queso with these AWESOME thick chips that rock my socks that they will refill liberally. My friend and I were like "OMGTHISISHGOOOOD."My friend tried the steak fajitas. After Chris S.'s rec, I got the shrimp wrapped in bacon and stuffed with jack cheese. Chris S. did not steer me wrong, as usual. My friend said the fajitas were "good" but the shrimp were "transcendent." I didn't try his fajitas but I thought the shrimp were extremely tasty. And I normally hate bacon.Although we were stuffed to the brim, we each have a second stomach for dessert. I was totally skeptical of a tres leches cake topped with melted marshmallows. Of course that means I had to try it.I'm so glad I did. It was hands-down one of the most memorable and utterly Houstonian desserts I've tried in terms of just cutting to the chase of being "dessert with a capital D." It is as sweet as you'd imagine-but it was also freaking awesome. Get one of their perfect shots of espresso to cut the sweetness. We were served warm chocolate chip cookies with our coffee though...so maybe that defeated the point. I'd rather have the point defeated, in that case.This was one of the best nights out I've had in Houston in a while. The food and atmosphere really helped my friend and I catch up in a most fitting manner prior to Thanksgiving in Houston. Ninfa's, I'm glad I didn't judge you too early.NB: The pumpkin margarita wasn't back this year. *tear*
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,1/30/2014,328,306,8,11,7>This is the epitome of the neighborhood bar. Good for me, because I'm in the neighborhood! As many others have pointed out, the exterior often steers people away, but once you get past it things are all good. Friendly staff, good drinks, a mean steak on Thursdays, sports, and karaoke keep the locals coming in on the regular. We have since become those regulars as well :)  A great spot for any day of the week.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,1/29/2014,189,326,5,10,7>Yes!! Finally someone in Houston knows how to make and sell a delicious macaron! Besides tiramisu, macarons are my favorite dessert to eat. I was very skeptical about coming here especially after all my failed attempts for the other places in Houston, however when I read people talking about Laudree in Paris, I knew they couldn't fail me. So on Sunday, I made my boyfriend take me to eat lunch at Local Foods. Since we were so close, it was easy to convince him to stop by.Walking into the shop, I instantly went to look at the macaron display. Probably should have paid more attention to the shop all together, but I did notice so pastries on the side. I seriously had a one track mind when it comes to macarons! The macarons are $2.25/piece, which I would be willing to pay if they're delicious enough. I thought about sticking to my rule of trying two pieces first...but I just couldn't decide which flavors to choose. They have the standard flavors (chocolate, pistachio, raspberry, etc.) and some very intriguing flavors (honey lavender, earl grey, black currant, etc).We ended up ordering six flavors: Chocolate, Pistachio, Coffee, Salted Caramel, Raspberry, and Lemon. The shell of the macarons had this nice flaky, crunch but not over done so that it easily melted in my mouth. I couldn't decide which flavor was my favorite as all of them were different, and I would definitely recommend all the flavors. The coffee had a strong coffee flavor which I believe came from the dust outside the shell of the macaron. I thought that was genius! The raspberry and salted caramel were appetizing if either are the flavors you like. The pistachio had this delicious cream in the middle which brought the whole thing to life! I was definitely trying to lick the cream in between the two cookies in my mouth. The chocolate was not overly rich and sweet, which I prefer while the lemon had a very slight lemon flavor that wasn't overpowering. In addition, the lady at the counter was really nice as well. At first, I was going to only buy four, but then I added another one, and then another one. I apologized as this happened twice when she was about to go to the register and she just laughed and said it happens all the time. Good to know I'm not the only indecisive one out there when it comes to macarons.I definitely tried to save my macarons for later, but I just couldn't help eating all 6 on the car ride home. Yes....I probably ate them in 10 minutes or less. They were just that good. Bite Macarons will definitely be my go to Houston place for macarons until I can become stinking rich, buy my own personal jet, and fly to Paris to get macarons from Laudree.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2013,1/28/2014,251,723,4,10,8>I finally had a chance to check out this place. There's a small lot off Calvalcade and street parking. The sign out front is vintage, but when you step inside, it's a casual, contemporary atmosphere. Relatively small indoor area with a long counter and a few tables, but the outdoor patio is where it's at. It was warm when I went and there were plenty of fans and misters to keep you cool. I went to check out happy hour and steak night with a few friends. I was intrigued because I had just learned about shandys from an Aussie coworker. Their shandy, a cocktail of beer and lemonade, was delicious. They grill your steak made to order and then you make your plate with your own salad, baked potato, and their selection of condiments. I thought the food was fine, I would love to try other stuff on the menu. The staff is great, friendly, doesn't hover. Accepts credit cards. Great place for a drink and fancier bar food. Try the shandy!
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,1/27/2014,113,129,8,14,10>I was originally going to give Cloud 10 four stars, but given the fact that I cannot wait to return, I'm gonna go ahead and bump it up a star. On a breezy fall Friday, and forgoing dinner for ice cream, I visited Cloud10 with my mans. :) Located on a strip near Hanover and surrounded by yuppie restaurants, parking can be somewhat of a nightmare. We ended up forking over the $1.25 for some street parking and headed toward the cute space that was sparingly decorated and intent on serving some pretty darn good ice cream. I was so glad there wasn't a line of people behind me because I am known to be indecisive--especially when it comes to sweets. I narrowed it down to four flavors to try: toasted rice, PB&J, nutella and marshmallow and maple butter. The maple butter was creamy and rich, and the PB&J was really reminiscent of the classic and nostalgic sandwich. With that said, I finally settled on nutella/marshmallow and toasted rice. The nutella and marshmallow was good and wasn't overly sweet. I abhor tooth achingly sweet desserts! The marshmallows weren't overpowering and complemented the addictive chocolate/hazelnut combination well. The toasted rice was surprising. I had read about it being served in local restaurants even before the brick and mortar opened, but it was really tasty. It was complex and had sesame-like notes in it. They didn't have the cafe sua da flavor I was looking forward to trying but it will just give me more reason to return. :)My beau opted for a small banana split. WOW! It was amazing. Creamy yet airy vanilla bean and chocolate ice cream topped with magical chocolate sauce, nutella powder, fruity jam, candied nuts, freshly torched/bruleed bananas and pillows of whip cream. SO DELICIOUS! I love it when different components marry together to create something amazing. My bf claims he could make it at home, but to that I scoff! It was like a banana split on crack! Next time I go, I will be sure to get the full sized one to share. (1/4 for you and 3/4 for me.)Before heading out, we realized that for $9 you can get some pretty badass desserts here in Houston. Fried milk at Uchi or a banana split at Cloud 10 to name a few. Honestly, I don't think you can compare the two, but they are both legit deserts and well worth the 9 bucks! Bon appetit!
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,1/26/2014,238,77,8,11,12>This is for the buffet! Why do I go to buffets? Because the boyfriend eats like a monster. Buffets are about quantity, and Kim Son definitely delivers on quantity, but also quality and variety! I don't even know where to begin because there's just so much to cover! So, I will just touch upon some highlights.*HOT NOODLE SOUP BAR: I don't even know if this is the correct term for it, but there's a section where you can order hot noodle soups! If you were ever curious about Vietnamese noodle soups, from bun rieu to banh bot chien, this is your chance to try as many different kinds as you want!!*VIETNAMESE STEAMED RICE DISHES:I nearly lost it when I saw the displays of banh beo and banh nam! I have never seen these at a buffet! I rarely see banh nam in restaurants!! Banh nam brings me to a happy place, so even if the taste was ordinary, I was just happy that it was there.*HOT POT:For ONLY an extra dollar, you get all you can eat hot pot. WHAAAT. There were so many different meats (including lamb! uber delicious and tender!) and seafood to choose from. The broth was excellent - I don't even know how to describe it. Just get it. It's only an extra dollar =]*CHE STATION:Before I even finish a meal, my first thought is - what are we doing for dessert? My game plan was to go to Bambu after dinner since it's kitty-corner to Kim Son and especially when I noticed that Kim Son did not offer soft-serve ice cream. Then I spotted the che station, and my whole world changed. Why go to Bambu when I had my own PERSONAL Bambu right in front of me?? I made myself two bowls of che because there were so many different ingredient combinations that I wanted to try!  I CANNOT WAIT FOR MY FAMILY/FRIENDS TO COME VISIT HOUSTON SO THAT I CAN SPOIL THEM WITH ALL ITS GOODNESS!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,1/25/2014,320,212,8,10,6>Oh my -- where does one start when writing a review of TC's?The place has patrons that are waiting at the doors when they open, which is around 8am. I have always found this interesting that I am going to work and others are going to a bar, but hey 'one day I can do that also' (shaking my fist at them).The drikns here are ok - nothing great -nothing bad. You might sit next to a business man or a 'business woman', but be careful of the later -- she might actually be a man in a dress. Even so, you can bet that 'she is working hard for the money'.The show is best part and they have shows 6 days a week. They typically start at 11pm. The show director is fantastic and is the only blind drag queen that I have ever seen in my life. I found myself pondering how she put on makeup without seeing, but I suppose there is a solution to all problems. She has a fantastic look. You have to admire someone that is disabled, but still doing what they want to do. If you are in Montrose and looking to live on the wild side for a song or two, stop by and see the show.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,1/24/2014,47,183,5,7,6>This is an update for multiple reasons, but primarily to advise of a new location for this office:  the vets are now in their own building across the street from their old location.  New address is 16119 Stuebner Airline Road, Spring, TX 77379.  Wow -- what a building and what an update!My husband and I got to see the new facility today, as one of our little fur-balls needed to see one of the Docs due to a (yuk) infection in her mouth that needed to be tended to ASAP.  True to form, I called at 8 AM and we were in at 10 AM.  After having driven on auto-pilot for so many years to the old location, it was different to go someplace new instead, and I think that gave our little girl more jitters than she normally has (typical for a rescue dog).They were busy today, as free photos with Santa were being offered and that was attracting quite a bit of traffic coming in and out.  But we got our dog seen quickly and both of us got a tour of this new state-of-the art facility that wowed the socks off of us:First, your dog is always weighed.  Oh, how many times have you wrestled with them to "get up on the scale"  or "stand still on the scale" -- even if it's just three or so inches off of the floor?  No more!  They've now got a scale that looks like a rug!  Jeez -- effortless!  Right in the large, roomy lobby (that has huge benches, lots of windows and a beautiful reception area), this was just an indication of things to come.A walk down a hallway to the new exam rooms reveal all sorts of nooks and crannies.  A turn down one hallway brings you to the "spa" area (which is actually the groomer's area -- the groomer that I use!); other doors or hallways lead you to boarding areas or diagnostic areas.  While our dog was being treated by one of the techs, we got a full tour of the entire building and all of its specialty areas.  Both of us were beyond impressed, because it's evident that great thought and care went into the design and structure of this new location.  Over three years in the design and construction, a veterinary architect and the resident vets planned every last corner and closet of this building.  It's absolutely stunning, and you can tell that the quality of care for the animals entrusted to them was always of the utmost concern.  Boarding areas for dogs all have private in/out access; there is an isolation room for animals with infectious diseases; the cat condo area is truly amazing (and I mean -- unbelievable!); separate areas for surgery and for dentals; a work area specifically for the technicians . . . so much!  This is a true self-standing vet hospital, staffed by extremely qualified, caring and competent physicians, technicians and support people.Our dog bypassed the free Santa photo this morning, as I think she just wanted to go home since she wasn't feeling too great to begin with.  She feels so much better now; perhaps next year she'll go sit on Santa's lap!  For now, her Christmas wish was answered:  she had a doctor that took good care of her and she feels so much better!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,1/23/2014,193,129,12,20,15>Tan Tan = an oldie but goodie.Tan Tan has been one of the mainstays of Chinatown long before Bellaire became the craziness that it is now. Back in the day, this was THE spot to go to for late night eating. I came back again not too long ago, and I can say this place can still hold its own amongst the newcomers as a place for late night bites.My favorite here is the house special rice cake - they make it better than anywhere else I've found in Houston. I also like their beef flat noodle, and all of their fried rice varieties are winners - all of which have super generous portions. Their rice porridges always hit the spot and are perfect for a cold day.Don't expect stellar service here, but it's acceptable. The place can get a bit hectic at night. One plus is that this place is usually swarming with cops at night...not rent-a-cop security guards, but HPD. Makes you feel a little bit safer, since Chinatown at night seems to get more and more ghetto as time goes by.All in all, probably still in my top three for late night eats in Chinatown.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,1/22/2014,1321,477,10,15,13>This place is amazing. I hadn't been here since I was a little girl. My friend suggested we take my son and head out to the great outdoors for some alligator watching and birding. The drive from Katy was about 40 minutes, easy to do on an mid Saturday morning. We started at 40 acre lake, the birds were out and about. The watch tower was my 5 yr olds favorite! We saw Coots, Herrins and Teals, lots of Teals. The gators were scarce but it was a little chilly. We ended up seeing 3 gators, 2 with just their snouts out of the water and 1 eating a Coot!After 40 acre lake, we headed to the learning center, my son loved to pet the baby alligator and they had several snakes out to pet. We walked over to the observatory, but that will have to be another trip, which I cannot wait to do!We didn't even make a dent in the miles of trail or even senic roads. We will have to go back without a semi bored 5 year old.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,1/21/2014,37,103,41,20,15>Here is the boring story of how Killen's BBQ ruined my shirt.  (Or: how I learned to stop worrying and love the BBQ.)I arrived at around 10:50 last Saturday morning.  I knew I was in for at least a 45 minute wait.  But I didn't know how intoxicated I would be (by the wonderful smell, not the Lone Star beer keg, I assure you) by the time I placed my order.  When it was my time to step up, I wanted to buy everything -- "Take my money and give me meat!"I lost all self control.  I ordered a pound each of brisket, beef rib, pork rib, sausage and turkey.  Now I had to find a way to get this decadent tray of goodness home.  Google tells me it's a 22 minute drive, but this is Houston so of course the Beltway is shut down for construction and traffic is piling up, forming an endless line of tail lights between me and my meat nirvana.  So I opened the foil lid.  I grabbed a link of sausage.  Still warm.  I bit.  And sploosh.  The juice burst all down my chin, onto the seat belt, over to the center console, and saturated my shirt.  Oh it was so wrong but it felt so right.  Was it worth it?  You're damn right it was.  I was exhausted, defiled by hot fat, with a mouth full of sausage, but I was the happiest guy in that bumper to bumper suburban sprawl, I guarantee you.  Moral of the story:  Screw my shirt.  My car still smells of meat and smoke.  And Killen's beef rib and brisket are some of the best things I've eaten since moving to Texas.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,1/20/2014,251,161,27,27,21>Burgers so good I would smack my mother for stealing a bite. I would even smack your mother and I don't know her like that.Girl's night, for most, usually consists of da club, fancy cocktails and 16' heals paired with dresses you could swear were meant to be skirts. My girls night means beer and  bar food, jeans and a bracelet if I'm feeling sassy. Lowbrow could possibly be one of the best girl's night locations in Houston.Still relatively undiscovered by the herds of morons it's so hard to avoid in our lovely city, Lowbrow maintains a level of laid back class with a dash of memorabilia. There is a large projection tv that the bar back said has been playing 80's movies for over a week. The walls are lined with retro Houston pieces, as well as pictures of some famous Houstonians. There is plenty of room at the bar to eat and drink but if you want more space or a little privacy there is lowtops and over sized booths to accommodate your desire. Still too stuffy? A great patio area is to your right as you enter. My girl's night PIC ordered the Chicken Fried Black Bean Burger, she said that it was one of the best she has had in some time. I ordered the Juicy Lucy *insert smacking your mother here*. So you can get it as is or you can add cheese and bacon. I usually assume that when something needs add-ons, there is a cover up amidst and so I got it as is. Excuse my language but- HOLY SHIT! Not only is the burger massive, it is stuffed with cheese.. glorious, melty, trail of dairy coming from burger to mouth CHEESE. It has a bunch of greens on top that cut the richness of the burger and it's much needed because they are accompanied by bits of fried onion. The fries are a thick cut and served with a zesty mayo/ketchup/chipolte something or other. Very nice.The beer selection is minimal but instead of the bud/bud light/shiner line up, they had two separate 8th Wonders on tap as well as 3 Karbachs. Mmmm beer. They are primarily a cocktail bar IMO but don't feel pressured for the hard stuff if you're looking to keep it 'laxed. The bartenders are great and we chatted with a few of them for a while. It was so nice to have such a calm atmosphere to catch up with my friend. There was no pressure of rushing to free up the bar and no gaggles of men inappropriately inserting themselves into our conversation. The owner is definitely not a "Lowbrow" for choosing this set up, staff and menu.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2013,1/19/2014,104,160,5,12,10>Looking for something different when it comes to Japanese cuisine in Houston?  Taiko is tucked away at the end of a strip center right after Jones Road going west.  It's a little difficult to spot from the road, but you should spot the sign listed in front of the shopping strip.  I came here for lunch on a Wednesday, and at noon, this place was completely dead, as in not a single soul besides the two owners.  The interior has been remodeled, as it still contains remnants of the previous establishment, and much of the space was not in use.A older, casually dressed, smiling Japanese lady with a limp greeted us and allowed us to choose a table.  She met us there shortly with a glass bottle of fresh water and complimentary tea.  The tables had a nice touch like yellow tablecloths and a single fresh white rose at every table.The menu has a nice variety of dishes, the appetizers especially catching my eye, as I have never heard of many of them before.  Two types of ramen, hiyashi chuka,  and soba was offered on a separate laminated menu.  There is no sushi on the menu, which is just fine by me.  There are no bento boxes for lunch. This place offers so many other lesser known Japanese favorites that are a bit more obscure outside of Japan with some familiar favorites as well.I was immediately drawn to the omurice on the lunch menu that has some had mentioned before, a hugely popular dish in Japan.  It's basically ketchup fried rice folded into an omelette.  My dining companion who also lived in Japan for a few years, ordered the tonkotsu ramen, which is ramen with the base made from pork bone.  We also ordered the gobo sticks appetizer, which is burdock root that has been fried, similar in appearance to fries.A mixed green side salad and smooth blended potato and corn soup came with the omurice.  The side salad had a nice ginger dressing on it.  The soup was very simple, yet delicious!  It was busting with a great marriage of flavors,  very light and creamy.The gobo sticks came out next.  They were a nice fried light snack with a mayo based dipping sauce.  Very unique and tasty!Next was the much talked about ramen.  The flavor was quite delicate, and while I found it to be a bit on the bland side, my dining companion enjoyed it.  It contains two thin slices of tasty pork. The omurice finally arrived last, and this baby was huge!  A scooped a big helping onto my plate, and yummy rice goodness was spilling everywhere.  One bite, and I was hooked.  The ketchup was not overpowering at all and was so tasty with the fried rice and egg combination, that I devoured it like a beast and was even craving it for dinner hours later!  My dining companion had a little small talk in Japanese with the female owner, and she told him about how she and her husband came over to the states from Tokyo ten years ago to work for Benihana.  As we were leaving, another couple walked in to be seated, but otherwise we had dined alone this whole time.  It's really a shame, because this mom and pop restaurant is a unique gem when it comes to Japanese cuisine in Houston.  They've barely been open a year, and I hope they gain more of a following despite the less than ideal location.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,1/18/2014,419,749,5,12,8>They say numbers don't lie.  And if that's true, Mean Green Boot Camp has been worth every penny.  My 2012 annual physical occurred right before I joined boot camp, and I wasn't in the greatest of shape.  Most worrying, my cholesterol was pretty high, when it had never been a problem before.  What a difference a year makes.  I'm down 15 pounds from my 2012 physical weight and most mind-blowingly of all, down almost 40 (!!!) points on my cholesterol.  I'm now smack in the middle of the healthy range and although the scale hasn't moved as much as I've liked, I know I'm making health-conscious and positive changes in my life.Thank you Chris, Dezi, Milton and everyone else who has gone with me on this journey over the past year for providing me with motivation and support.  Let's see what the next year brings!
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,1/17/2014,115,296,9,14,12>$7 tasty margaritas outside of happy hour? Whut. My favorite is the ginger + mole frozen margarita. Amazing. Their version of the old fashioned using anejo tequila. Ew. Not so much. It has this weird smoky taste that makes it seem as if you've had your head stuck in a BBQ smoker for 12 hours. Love the decor. The place is poppin on the weekends but the bartender ladies keep it together really well. They crank out those drinks like a boss.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,1/16/2014,125,603,12,20,13>It's as good as it gets for me since this was only the 2nd shooting range I have ever visited in my life.  The last time was decades ago.  I came here to get my class certification in CHL on a Saturday and found the class to be very informative and not boring.  The class is scheduled I believe once every two weeks but you can check their website to confirm that.The personnel are very helpful and not condescending on newer folks that have barely popped their cherry in the firearm subject.  A few times my gun jammed on me I was quickly aided on getting the misift out without a blink of an eye.Do not forget that you can get your 25% yelp check in on your range fee, I believe without it that it is $16.  A box of 9mm's or .45's will cost you in the  $26 a box for 50.  There are targets that you can purchase but if you are in a crunch I would recommend you bring your own.  They will rent you guns here to see if you like them and to even purchase them.  Did you bring somebody who is not really interested in firearms or to protect themselves?  Well there is a little waiting area they can sit on some comfortable couches/chairs. Restroom is pretty clean too, mind the comical paper above the facility.Parking is a little small but there is an expansion right behind it via a grassy area, just watch out when it rains you could possibly get stuck.Female friendly CHL classes are offered here too.These guys have a good memory more than I would be able to copy.  I left my driver's license here about a month ago, when I came in one of the guys behind the counter asked me if I was  XXXX XXXXXXX, naturally I said yes and was provided my lost license.  I was wow'ed, who would have thought?  Another plus is they rent out ear protection and eye wear without charging.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,1/15/2014,319,181,22,19,21>I would not have expected my experience here to have been as great as it was.  This place has shocked me! Any place that sells Margarita's this cheap, you just wouldn't expect it to have as good of food, after all, they have to use some ploy to get you in the door. Right? Ha, no ploy here. The Margarita's are actually good, The food, is nothing short of outstanding. I love to try bacon wrapped shrimp stuffed with jalapenos and cheese if I go to a new spot and they offer it on the menu.  This place here does it a little unique from most. Here they core out a Jalapeno and place the whole shrimp inside with Mexican cheese. Then they wrap the whole thing in bacon. When you bite into something like that, your mouth has only one thing that it can do. Orgasm!You simply have to surrender your tongue to the flavor.  For my dish I had the bacon wrapped shrimp and some quail. My tongue was happy. And when it's happy, my whole body is happy.  They made me one happy man.  To make matters worst, they got my wife addicted to the Margaritas. So I get to see her smile, and she gets to see me smile. It's... it's... it's.... just a beautiful thang.Smile Well and Prosper.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,1/14/2014,137,165,9,11,5>It was a wintry night in Houston this past weekend, but things were heating up in the Rice Village parking lot at Morningside and University. Yes, it was a head to head kim chi fries tasting. Who will win? Chilantro, the Austinite Korean-Mexican fusion innovator and inventor of the kim chi fries? Or Oh My Gogi, a Houston bred food truck with a really cute title featuring a play on bulgolgi, one of my favorite foods??There were stringent criteria used in selecting the champion of the kim chi fries:- Portion size: with each truck pricing their fries at about 6-7 dollars, this matters big time. A side by side comparison of two full portions of fries from each of the competitors demonstrated Chilantro's generous overall portion size. - Fry crispiness: crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. The ever elusive fry that can stay crispy even under the most extreme of duress: lots of toppings. The winner: Oh My Gogi. Their fries were crispier, crunchier, and better able to withstand the saucy onslaught that makes kim chi fries so fantastic.- Amount of meat: Chilantro was definitely the winner on this, including tons of pieces of beef throughout the fries. Oh My Gogi skimped big time.- Toppings, flavor: Overall, the flavor between the two fries were pretty comparable. There were two negative points for Oh My Gogi, though. Their fries had way too much mayo on em (I love mayo myself, but there is a limit to the love) and the cheese wasn't fully melted, so the toppings didn't have the cohesiveness that the Chilantro fries had. Winner: Chilantro.So there you have it, Chilantro, winner of the official 2013 kim chi fries award, brought to you by some really hungry people who had nothing better to do. More kim chi fries, more happiness!
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,1/13/2014,109,483,8,17,13>In the great words of Gwen Stefani "this SH*T is BANANAS, B-A-N-A-N-A-S!"There is so much crazy good talk I can go into about this place but I will save it for the very end, because really, I MEAN REALLY what you care about is the food. (oh yeah and that they are real nice too)Chicken lettuce wraps: These are not to be compared with "P.F what's his face" ground white meat chicken seasoned with lemon grass, ginger, lime, onions, peanuts, a few chilies and a dusting of chilies. They are served with a peanut paste. The sweet balances out the heat and you can taste each flavor distinctly and identify which is which. I thought these were lovely and refreshing. They give you a huge plate which fed 4 of us with plenty to spare. Cream cheese spring rolls: crispy, creamy, cheesy and good. You can't go wrong with cream cheese in my book. Dumplings: Pretty standard dumplings but none the less delicious. The order was really big and you can have them steamed or pan fried. Thai Basil Beef with fresh green beans: I can appreciate a place that knows how to really stir fry veggies. I like mine with a bit of a crunch and this dish does just that. The beef was tender, lots of garlic and onions and plenty of fresh Thai basil. I can see myself eating this by the bucket. Drunken Noodles with pork: LOVE LOVE LOVE I am in LOVE with this dish. Fresh veggies, good chunks of tender pork tossed with fresh flat noodles and some sort of what I am assuming is "drunken sauce". Pineapple Chicken Curry: I have never had a pineapple curry and I love sweet, savory and spicy mixed all into one. They hit the nail on the head with this one. I love how the sweetness of the pineapple balances the curry. The portion is huge and can easily be split between two people. The broth was thick and creamy. I really loved this but wouldn't mind trying their green curry. Sticky Rice with fresh Mango: This was my first time trying this and it I was amazed by how something so simple could be so sinful tasting. This is a seasonal dessert so get in there are eat it all before it is gone. My mom almost had a heart attack eating this because it was so good. Our experience here was 5 stars. The staff, chef and atmosphere was spot on. We couldn't have asked for a better meal out. Each dish had it's very own unique flavor but all the dishes complimented each other at the same time. We had the chef and his friend from Thailand who was there inspecting the food for authenticity come out and talk to us several times through out our meal. They even gave us a bit of a lesson in Thai cuisine. They were both very down to earth and kept asking us how we were enjoying our food. Our waitress was very patient and sweet. She took her time explaining things on the menu and making recommendations. I wish I could keep this place one of those great hidden secrets but honestly I hope this place picks up more business so that we can keep a great place alive in Spring Branch.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,1/12/2014,60,168,5,9,7>I think I found a nice sliver of New Orleans cuisine eating at this joint.   My co-worker recommended this place for HH and it was a big hit!  Rouxpour provides a very cozy atmosphere.  As soon as you walk in, one can't help but to kick back and enjoy a few drinks.  The bar area is a pretty big and equipped with several televisions for sports enthusiasts.  Now for the grub, OMGOMGOMGOMG.  For the majority of my friends that came out, it was our first time here, so we started off with a hodgepodge of their appetizers.   Whatever you do, be sure to order their signature Boudain balls followed by their mouthwatering, char-grilled signature oysters.  Don't get half a dozen.  Splurge and get 3 dozen!  HOLY COW.  Each oyster was so juicy and delectable.  We ordered a variety of oysters.  A few were made with their signature secret sauce; some were filled with cheese and bacon; and the rest had a spinach blend fused into them.   I know.  I KNOW!  You can't help but to salivate thinking about it, right?Ok, now for the main course.  I decided to try the red beans and rice.  Dang.  I have to say that it was probably the best I've had in a very long time.  I also sampled my friend's Stuffed Shrimp.  RIDICULOUSLY GOOD.  I will copy/paste this particular dish from their menu:Six large shrimp stuffed with Boudin, cream cheese, chopped bacon and baked until golden brown and topped with brandy Parmesan sauce. Served with garlic mashed potatoes and veggie du jour.Overall, this is a great place for New Orleans food with Texas sized portions.  I'm definitely coming back to this place very soon!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,1/11/2014,154,362,15,16,5>My usual masseuse at Blossom Massage was not available, and I really needed some r&r last week, so I found Healing Hands through Yelp. For $1/min, it was a pretty good deal, and they were able to schedule me in at the last minute.I called at 2:00 for a 4:45 appointment. At 3:30, they called to reschedule for 5:00, since they were running behind. I showed up at 5:03, and I still had to wait until 5:23 to start my massage.The first thing my masseuse asked me when she walked in the door was "Where you from?" Why was I not surprised, haha. When she didn't get the answer she was looking for (Cambodia), she dropped the subject.Had I known this was an Asian-owned and operated place beforehand, I probably would not have made an appointment. No offense to them, but their massages are bizarre...at least the ones at the Chinese foot massage places are. Now, I've had a Thai massage in Thailand, which was amazing, and this place is run Thai people. I think they employ a few Chinese masseuses, but it's Thai women for the most part.If you are looking to be modest, forget about it. They ask you to undress and get under a tiny bath towel. I'm short and Asian, so I fit beneath it, but unless you're 5'2" and under, be prepared to be exposed in one way or another. I prefer getting under an entire sheet...The massage itself was relaxing and actually lasted the full hour. What I was NOT prepared for was a butt massage. Without any warning, my masseuse pulled down my underwear on one side, gave me a wedgie, and began massaging half my butt. Surprisingly, it felt amazing! I just wish I was given some sort of warning... I was also glad I was wearing underwear I was proud of, lol.3/4 of the way into the massage, I was asked to turn over onto my back. Every masseuse I've had at other places has pulled up the sheet to keep me covered while I awkwardly made the turn, but not here. Half of me was exposed, and I just had to deal with it.Overall, it was a good value, and I'll probably return if I need to get in on the same day.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,1/10/2014,102,148,30,15,9>Oh man some great hilarious times up in here!  Old skool songs, who doesn't jam out to Robyn!  Here are some tips for a successful night at EL:1. Be nice to the hilarious door guy2. Don't wear anything fancy, you will get drinks spilled on you3. Do not take your drink to the dance floor full, it will get spilled on you or fall on the floor.4. Do not get angry when a drink is spilled on you, get over it.5. Sometimes when you see someone dancing in the corner by themselves, it's best to avoid the area.6. Hey you ladies that never frequent lower westheimer that decide to go 'grunge' for the night, no body cares, there isn't enough room on the tiny dance floor for your ego and lame last year 'vintage' outfit you got a kohls.  People will dance into you so get over it.7. Be prepared to leave when your hood girl slaps prissy kohls shopperHope this helps :)
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,1/9/2014,556,161,7,13,11>This place.... It's like going to your grandma's house and they tell you, "Come, come, sit down, eat!"Grandma makes you a home-cooked meal, tells you to help yourself, and makes you feel like a kid again.Except, in this case, your grandma (and grandpa) are Lebanese and Armenian and standing behind a counter.You order your plate, then you order 2 sides and get fresh pita at the end. The woman (whom I presumed was Rita) was suggesting different items and raving about all the homemade goodies. As I chose a side of tabbouleh she said, "Oh you like tabbouleh? It VERY good for you. I eat tabbouleh every day for 12 years." She wasn't lying either; the tabbouleh was fresh and tasty. And the hummus... it's delicious. I like to ask for half and half regular and spicy hummus. I ordered the Armenian platter special - a spicy beef plate served with rice. Everything hit the spot and the food proved to be impressive (much more so than you'd predict by the looks of the place and the location).The prices are incredible with most items being around $8. I was able to save enough left overs for a full dinner. I highly recommend the dolmas... they're the best dolmas I've ever had. Before trying theirs, I thought I didn't even like dolmas! I guess you don't know what you like until you've tried the right way. All I can say is that Cafe Rita definitely does it the right way. They will make you feel like you're apart of the family... and who wouldn't want to be apart of a family that cooks such honest and delicious food as they do?
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,1/8/2014,173,192,10,12,15>We ordered and sat down outside on the patio. I noticed a couple men in suits, with flags on their lapels and ear-pieces on. Something was about to go down. One of the men asked a dude to move his car, away from the entrance. 10 minutes later a white Lincoln sedan pulls up with a black suburban to follow. Out steps Barbara Bush, then former President George Bush Senior.'Ole Georgie knows his BBQ.The Baby Back Ribs here are wonderful, probably the best I've had in Houston. I doubled up on the Potato Salad for sides and was glad that I did. It had a sweet taste to it that complimented the moist BBQ. Brisket was decent. I might prefer Rudy's.There's not much sitting space at Gatlin's, which in this case is a good thing. It deters insanely long lines, and a lot of people take their orders to-go. The two times I came, I waited for a few minutes for a table to open up on the patio, which isn't bad for -- I'm gonna say it -- the best BBQ in Houston. Georgie would agree.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2013,1/7/2014,343,368,16,10,10>We have an uprising on our hands and it is my Hunger.. Pangs. Theory: Texas is Panem. Houston is The Capitol. Mockingbird Bistro is Katniss Everdeen's restaurant. Proof: The state bird of Texas is the Mockingbird. I know the Jabberjays mated with Mockingbirds to spawn Mockingjays. It all makes sense, trust me.The only thing that can quell this ravenous rebellion are some Steak Frites and/or Pork Chops... okay and probably Jennifer Lawrence ;). Both the steak and pork chops are huge, tender, and scrumptious. The truffle fries were oh-so-satisfying. The meal was served in an arena resembling a high ceiling-ed historical house tucked away in a quiet neighborhood. The Avox and prep teams were great and on point.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2013,1/6/2014,93,430,3,10,4>It's hard to believe this used to be a gelato shop. It's been completely transformed from what it once was. The ambiance would be better if they'd turn off the TV in the dining room.The soup dumplings (Xio Long Bao) were a letdown to me. E-Tao in the Galleria does a much better job on those. The rest of the dumplings and the scallion pancakes we had were pretty good - good enough that we want to return. The price was reasonable, too: dinner for 2 came to under $30 before tip.There are better dumplings to be had in Houston, but not in Sugar Land, and it's a lot easier to get into this shopping center than it is to get into any of the places on Bellaire or to get into the Galleria for E-Tao this time of year. If you're not sure what you want, do what we did and ask the server for suggestions.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,1/5/2014,94,267,4,8,5>update to my update!They now how the 'cray-cray' spice level which has habanero in it... LOTS OF IT.  WINNERRRRR!  I get the cray-cray level with the kitchen special flavor and boy, does it make my tummy happy!  Order their new item, Garlic noodles with lump crab!  It's wonderful and with the garlic, I mean, how can you go wrong?!?!  I was there this past weekend and they are getting their crawfish in from California and let me tell you, these crawfish were big!!!  The heads were nice and juicy!  If you eat crawfish and do not suck the heads, you're missing out big time! Not like the little tiny ones from LA.  I was quite pleased!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,1/4/2014,101,74,21,19,10>In the words of the poet Project Pat:"Good googly moogly; that thing is juicy!"While Mr. Pat was talking about the hind parts of the fairer sex, he could have just as easily been talking about the bacon cheeseburger from Chief's Cajun Snack Shack--replete, also, with a beckoning set of buns. I believe this quote to be especially apt because, as is the case with the YouTube video for the aforementioned song (youtube.com/watch?v=1Xwo), where I am one of about 10 white people to have seen it (out of 1,177,910), the amount of white people to have eaten this burger must be ~11.But that number needs to exponentially increase. And not just white folks...Hispanics, Asians, Native Americans--everyone should try this! America's great uniter!The burger (pictured) is probably just a shade under a pound. Think about that. Single patty, nearly a pound. That's a fantastic place to start. Actually, toppings are completely secondary. This big, JUICY patty with a delicious crust is where it begins and ends (but also, bacon). Fries were fine. Hood Punch was 32 oz of sugar, with a touch of kool-aid...so in other words, PERFECT! Location? Well...So location...Is this located in the single greatest part of town? Probably not. But I walked in and was greeted with warmth and smiles. Somehow they knew my order from the phone (I must sound like a white guy). When I told the gentleman behind the counter that next time I would be trying the ribs he informed me that: - "if you don't like 'em, we'll buy 'em back" - "they are tender like Beyonce, JUICY like Lucy." Good googly moogly, indeed.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,1/3/2014,215,403,12,15,8>I can honestly say that I spilt my blood for Texas. The Park restrooms are an experiment in mosquito breeding gone wrong.  I was actually DEET-drenched as I walked in, and ran out screaming after a few seconds after a brutal assault by the aerial combatants. So, go before your visit or hold it.The Park could help out its patrons by using the 30+ anti-aircraft batteries on the Texas against them.  Yes, they were that big.As I approached the ship, I could tell by the backward slope of the hull that this was late 19th or early 20th century.  Indeed, as the world was playing at brinkmanship just prior to World War One, this monster was commissioned.  I did notice that the main batteries were smaller than the later ships...indeed I was later informed that it was 14" instead of the 18" guns on the last edition battleships, which could effectively shoot Volkswagens 30 miles inland for pennies on the dollar relative to the hightech death robots we use now..Fortunately, the State and People of Texas were able to save this as a relic instead of letting it be blown up.  Many a ship met that fate.Basically, you get to walk the corridors of a battleship, the likes of which controlled the seas in the early part of the 20th century.  It's a fascinating experience, and they've done a great job with the areas that have been restored--mess halls, quarters, infirmary--basically the living spaces.  The fighting spaces you don't have as much access to--except the guns on deck.Bridge? Not yet.  Inside the 14" guns? Not yet.  But they are working on the restoration, so hopefully someday we will.Well worth a visit, there aren't that many of these old battlewagons left in the world.  If you've got a State Park Pass, it covers admission.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,1/2/2014,140,180,9,16,11>I was thiiiis close to canceling my appointment after spending 20 minutes trying to find this salon. After all, a haircut would no longer be needed as I was about to rip all my hair out in frustration. Neither Google maps, iPhone maps, or Yelp maps were helpful. From 59N, make a right turn at Parkway Blvd (as if you were going to 24 Hour Fitness) and make an immediate left. It's in the same plaza as the Physicians at Sugar Creek offices & the UPS store. It was my first time here and after this, I know it will not be my last. I was given a small tour of the salon (they are expecting to expand next door soon!) and offered some drinks/snacks. Chandavy was my stylist and I would definitely recommend her to everyone I know. I came in a desperate need of reviving my too-long, too-damaged stick straight hair. She not only listened to how I wanted it cut, but also offered some recommendations based on what I said. She took her time doing everything and made sure I felt comfortable with what she was doing. This helped ease my concerns that the cut would end up being too short/thinned out. I had made a comment on how my hair NEVER curls since it is so heavy and naturally straight. She jumped at the challenge and curled my hair for me afterwards, also offering up some tips on how to do it myself. She did an awesome job and I am so pleased with both the cut and temporary curlsThe prices here are higher than what I use to pay, but for a little more than $10 extra, you are getting so much more. The customer service is great, they don't rush through, and they don't push products on you to buy afterwards. Prices are based off levels of the stylist (with higher being more expensive). It was $48 for mine and my only regret is that I couldn't tip her more!
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,1/1/2014,424,539,6,13,11>Cool.  I can finally have another place in Chinatown to drink other than G'iau.They cater to live performances by local artists while you drink and hang out with friends.  They have the calendar online if you want to know who's playing when.They have a wide range of mixed drinks plus specialty shots.  They're not cheap but on par with other places. They also have some $4 shot specials written on a chalkboard over at the bar.The place itself is fairly small, as its a mix of couches, a bar, and bar tables. What seems to be popular is the balcony outside, as smokers gather around without having to smoke on the street since this place is on the 2nd story of the plaza.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,12/31/2013,251,713,23,19,18>If you're looking for good quality cheese, youtube early David Lee Roth interviews or videos (live or official and during or after Van Halen) or head to Houston Dairymaids.  You can't go wrong with either, both go well with a little (bottle of) wine.  Or if you're a tee-totaller, they stand alone well, too.  David Lee Roth or cheese from Houston Dairlymaids, that is.I eat cheese in moderation and I'm picky, so this contributes to my lack of cheese knowledge.  This is where Houston Dairymaids comes to the rescue.  If you hardly know anything about cheeses, definitely go on a weekend.  This is when they have sample cheese boards.  You taste cheeses and talk to the cheese nerds giving you the samples.  Mine helped me decide on a parmesan (I love sharp parm) and a lavender and "fennel pollen" chevre (Purple Haze).Both were pretty divine.  Not as divine as DLR showing off his former kickboxing moves in the mid-eighties, but nothing is that cheesily stellar.  Nothing.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,12/30/2013,232,157,35,25,24>Eating Taco Bell is like sleeping with your ex. You feel horrible afterwards and you are always drunk when you do it.And because I always associate "tacos" with Taco Bell (great marketing strategy) I am never overly enthusiastic about having one.  I am not even impressed with Torchy Tacos (and all the Texans just stopped reading my review..haha) But I will try anything especially if it involves me NOT cooking dinner.  Note to my single peeps- enjoy your freedom.   Our experience at Fusion Taco in  a "corn"shell:  1. Fiancé bites into his shrimp tempura taco2. He closes his eyes3. Silence4. 10 seconds later he hands me a taco.  He doesn't say anything.  He just hands it over.5. I bite into his shrimp tempura taco6. Me...SpeechlessWe had this experience with every taco from the beef short rib vindaloo, lamb keema, chicken satay... LAWD HAVE MERCY!!  Fusion Taco is definitely "bringing sexy back" wowsers!
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2013,12/29/2013,120,112,5,8,9>chain link fence with barbed wire, picnic tables, bathrooms around back, east side of town in a formerly industrial/low income area.  if you aren't in the know, you would drive past this place and think something shady is going on......find it.  park somewhere nearby.  hide everything and lock your car.  make sure you're not in a tow zone.  go inside.  approach the food truck like counter.  let it sink in that you're looking at a wall of unique brews on tap and the prices aren't going to break the bank.  then, decide if you want your wild boar dog with swiss cheese and carmelized onions or just mustard and sauerkraut.  maybe order a second dog made of rabbit, or elk, or duck, or just close your eyes and pick something.  it will be fantastic.  excellent toppers.find a picnic table or sit with strangers, no one really cares.  depending on who is picking the music, you might luck out to genuine punk bands like the pistols.at some point a loud voice from the back of the building will call your number and you high-tail it to the kitchen window and pick up your food.....just like small town little league food stands.tuesday nights are movie nights.  a blow up screen provides the full outdoor theater experience.  table tennis.  horse shoes.low budget.  devil may care attitude.  spot on food options.  a place we can all call our own.good on ya moon tower inn.  we have much love for you.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,12/28/2013,305,198,5,7,6>If this is your first visit, forget everything else on the menu. Just get the Masman curry. No- stop looking at everything else on the menu. Yeah those other options sound tempting but the only reason why you need to get anything else is if you have a severe peanut allergy.I got level four spicy. I can handle spicy really well and level four was too spicy. Next time I'll play it safe at level 2.This curry is really savory and thick. It consists of a lot peanut sauce and whatever meat you prefer (I got chicken and it was spectacular). I was surprised at how satisfied I was with this curry because my first impression of the restaurant was not that great.This curry is fast becoming an obsession. I can't find masman curry that compares anywhere else (believe me-I've tried!). Its heaven in my mouth and enough to last for two days.For dessert, make sure to get some mango and sticky rice to go. It will help cool the burn in your mouth and frankly, its cool and delicious.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,12/27/2013,343,246,4,7,5>Came here for the lunch buffet!  I like that they have a few meat choices, as I can sample a little of each.  I love cilantro, so I think the cilantro chicken is REALLY good and found myself getting seconds of this!  Of course, my favorite standby is chicken tikka masala and it, too, was good!  They had some meatballs on the buffet and they were tasty.  Coleslaw was great!!  I did try some sort of potatoes and they were spicy hot!  Not sure I would want to eat too many of them because I would suffer the consequences later.  BAHAHAHA!  Ordered the mango tea, and while it wasn't what I was expecting, it was still good ... just lightly sweetened.Servers are attentive, probably a little too attentive, as about 3 guys kept coming by asking if I wanted more mango tea!  LOL.  I felt like if I drank anymore I was going to float away.I thoroughly enjoyed this place and will be back!
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,12/26/2013,77,534,6,9,7>Since I started working in the area over the last month, this has been my favorite lunch spot.  Though if I eat here all the time, I would gain about 10 pounds.  I already need to get rid of a beer belly, so I have to watch it when I come.  Like most spots in the area, line up order at the register, take a number, and find a seat in the open dinning area.  This place, unlike many others, has a huge seating area.  While I have yet to have a problem finding a seat, the place is always near full.  Service seems on top of things, but again, like other places they are swamped at lunch.Lots of fried seafood, a few pastas, poboys, and a few specialties.  My favorite, without a doubt is the catfish.  Blackend or fired is excellent.  The poboy version is huge, I mean I can eat that thing for two meals and still have some for a snack.  The filet is awesome.  A good fresh baked baguette, and house made pickles.  I wish my waist line could handle eating here more often.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,12/25/2013,117,159,11,15,10>When you have spent a year of your life planning for a wedding needless to say you become a bit stressed. And yes this is coming from a man. Gentlemen if you are feeling full of energy and life about a month before your wedding it may be because you are not doing much of anything. But if you are like me and you are working your tail off being a slave to your soon-to-be wife and subsequently never getting things exactly the way she wants it. You and your bridezilla, aka future wife may need a place to pamper yourselves and relieve some tension before your big day. My now wife and I decided to go with Urban Day Spa because they had the best couples retreat spa package. We got the Deep tissue massage and classic manicure pedicure for just over two hours for $360 (for two people), This was one of the better deals in town in our opinion because it gave you the most time for cost.When we got in we were treated with a glass of wine and grade A service. We were graciously escorted to the mani/pedi area that was very spacious and comfortable. They definitely went out of their way to help you feel relaxed and they took their time completing the mani/pedi. After the mani/pedi was complete I felt absolutely amazing. My hands looked displayable for wedding pictures that would last a life time. And my feet looked...less embarrassing. I couldn't have been more pleased with my experience.Now they say that a wedding/couples massage is suppose to be a relaxing experience. It is suppose to be revitalizing and soothe the senses. Well for us we decided to go a bit against the grain and get a deep tissue massage. Both of us exercise frequently and we needed something to loosen us up a bit. Plus with added wedding stress why not fight fire with fire. And I must say that this massage burns so good! My masseuse gave me a great full body workout, using almost every  bone and muscle in her body to work out some of the deepest kinks and knots that I had in my muscles. She also pushed and pulled my body in directions I had no clue that I could go. It was the most painfully exhilarating experience and despite the pain my body felt completely at peace after I was done.So all in all a great pre-wedding experience. I would recommended it to any future bride and groom looking to relax a bit before their big day.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,12/24/2013,2219,1117,23,21,25>Written in the voice of Tom Haverford:As I was moving into my hizzouse down the street I thought "yo my tummy's rumbling, and today is #TreatYoSelfDay so I want a $9 sandwich." My internal monologue is oddly specific. I had wanted to come here since about two days before their soft-opening because (a) the buzz was incredible for a sandwich shop and (b) I am from New England so things like lobster rolls remind me of the better days. Unfortunately things have been busy so today was the first chance I got to come on down meow.Buying stupid things from stores that I probably don't need, but it's #treatyoselfday so who cares, I kept trying to snag a parking spot in their tiny lot from the minute they opened up until about 3pm every time I had to leave the hizzouse and then drop off said impulse purchases ... I don't keep it up that long at like anything else I do. So I apparently really wanted this sandwich and I wanted it right meow. Finally after 3pm there was parking on the way home from Target and it was sandwich time. Fortunately inside it was emptier as well so I had a table to myself as I waited for my to-go order.The guy behind the counter was passionate about his sandwiches, pleasant, wearing a Red Sox cap which instantly made me like him, and very friendly to everyone (and there was a very, very diverse line of people I saw him interact with as I waited my handful of minutes for my order - if you have never lived in Boston well, it's one of the most racist cities, even capital I icons like Ortiz and Ramirez got vitriol thrown their way from Southie trash just like they would have received if they had walked through Mississippi in the 1920s.) I like when locally-owned businesses actually care about customer service and regulating that the front facing person is on their game and makes a great first impression. Like Moriarty I have my finger in a lot of pies so I hear a lot of things that other people might not. But this place treats everyone like they matter, rather than trying to excessively cater to a redditor, yelper, or culturemap person. Which is cool. Though I wish there was a yelp app check-in offer to get $5 off of the tshirt or something cool like that. Just a thought.The lobster roll as the main attraction is suitably dressed to impress and will not disappoint. It is stuffed with more lobster than you think it should. And it is artfully arranged. It is not like a Taco Bell burrito where things get haphazardly thrown everywhere and  it completely unravels when you open it because it was never actually packaged right to begin with. This sandwich survived its trip home completely intact since it was wrapped tight and looked just as beautiful unwrapping it on my counter as it ever could in a film taking place back East.There is literally nothing I could find wrong with my experience. Pleasant counter service. Clean tables and chairs to sit down on. It's casual so leave the tuxedo at home. Everything is so clean and shiny you can tell it is new - but it looks so much more d'awww than Sugarbaby ever did. It might just be my nostalgia for the three things I liked about Boston, but this place was like "yo, tell your friends about this place, and you come back here often since your hizzouse is just down the street." Thanks strangely articulate speaking building, I will keep that in mind.I wish this place much more success in the future than I ever would have extended to Sugarbaby's - but I hope you all don't listen to me because I do not want to wait in line behind you. If you come eat a sandwich here on account of my yelp review then you have to let me cut in front of you in line - no backsies - be honorable. There should be enough lobster for everyone.I have finally found a review of food that I can sum up in one word: #nngh(it's a positive thing if you have not seen it on tumblr or urbandictionary before.)But nngh, my punch card will be getting punched more because I am definitely coming back.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2013,12/23/2013,211,137,11,17,15>Can I get a big KALE YEAH!! Popped in to Big & Juicy after pilates today and yummmmm! I really should have payed more attention to what I ordered. I took the recommendation of the super friendly guy behind the counter. The juice was a beautiful vibrant orange and tasted of cinnamon and spice and everything nice. I loved seeing all of the fresh fruits and veggies that were going in to your drink. I also appreciated that it wasn't poured over a bunch of ice so when you order an 8oz juice you are actually getting 8oz of juice not 4oz over a bunch of ice. I definitely see this as a new place to grab a quick juice or smoothie. I also will be checking out Big Yoga.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,12/22/2013,152,257,8,10,10>I've only taken Zumba classes here, but from the fun and amazing workouts I've gotten from those classes I would not hesitate to come here for personal training or other classes. I decided to try and do some different cardio during the summer because of the heat. I love to run, but getting out 4 times a week in the heat makes running not quite as much fun. But Zumba? With awesome music and super hard combos....yeah, now that I think of it, maybe running would be easier.The picture of the private workout room on here is where we do Zumba. It's not huge but 6 people can do it comfortably. That's the biggest class I've been to. The smallest was 3. I don't know if there's a bigger room in the back if more people joined in or if there is a limit to the size of the class.The offer classes every Monday at 5 pm and on Saturdays, twice a day. I think she said 6:45 am and 8:30 am, or maybe that's mixed up. But I do know there are two classes! I think someone said there is one during the day too, but my boss isn't THAT cool to give me time off....The class leader (I think her name is Jen, but since I have the memory of a gnat I could be wrong) is a doll. In an energetic, kick-your-ass kinda way. She makes it look so easy, and even though I am the most uncoordinated person on the planet, I still have fun and get a great workout! She is super supportive and shows everyone more than once how to do the combos. Ok, ok, she has to show ME more than once. And I still can't do single doubles. But she still tells everyone how awesome they have done, even when it's painfully obvious that we're...er, I'm not so awesome.This place is a little hard to find unless you know where it's at. There is a sign out front, but the building sits pretty far off the road. Even though I work near here and have passed it a million times, the first time I came here, I drove past it. If you want a personal trainer or want to take Zumba classes and don't want to join a huge mega gym, come here! I can't imagine going to a huge Walmart type gym after experiencing such great times here. I don't even know why you would want to go to an impersonal place...I sure wouldn't!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,12/21/2013,269,274,6,13,10>Hot Sauces and Mustard's have a special place in my refrigerator, right next to the cured meat and craft beer. I happen to be leaving my dentist appointment heading East on Bellaire when I saw great looking mural with a bunch of peppers and that's when I noticed the iBurn store front.  I was greeted immediately as I walked in. We talked about hot sauceand he asked what I was looking for today. I asked him what is currently his favorite. He took me over to Bigfat's 808 with the Naga Jolokia, or ghost pepper. He said it's made with Ghost Pepper Mash so it sticks to what ever you put it on, and it's not just spicy, it has a great flavor.  He then took me to Rocky's Original Hot Sauce, and I picked out Iguana Deuces Vicious Jalapeno. I ended up coming home with 3 bottles of sauce. iBurn has a nice selection of hot sauces and great customer service.  I will be back for more, I can see my self sitting on the Bigfats 808 for a while. Tasty but definitely spicy.  I also notices they had a nice selection of BBQ sauces along with some dry rubs and pickled vegetables. I'm a fan and will most certainly be back.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,12/20/2013,106,31,14,18,16>Get here early for the movie because in most cases the movies shown here will not be at any other theater in Houston I am a self proclaimed movie snob and River Oaks theater has become my favorite place to watch movies worthy of my eyes and brain.  It is a cozy theater that is filled with only the finest of cinematic excellence.   If cinematic excellence to you is say, Thor or Transformers then ROT may not be your cup of tea.  However, if you are looking for the rare theater that features movies that will win Oscars as well as challenge your intellect and emotions, look no further. Not to mention, they have a bar upstairs which is very nice. Although my favorite aspect of the theater which may be due to the caliber of films shown there attract patrons with manners, I have only had to "sssshhhuuushh" one person in the 20 or more visits.  I say those are good odds
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,12/19/2013,258,154,7,8,9>I don't give two shibals if Korean Noodle house doesn't offer any other banchans than their kimchi. Their kimchi is so good that I had to start off my review with how delicious it is. IT'S BETTER THAN MY MOMS....don't tell her that please. Portions are huge so you can easily share an appetizer and entree between two people....but who wants to do that. #idontshareOther noteworthy dishes here are:1) Bulgogi noodles: smooth hand-cut noodles mixed with bulgogi and vegetables in a savory light sauce.2) The tofu soups that are accompanied by rice and an egg. 3) Spicy Seafood jambong: this is my warning to you: this dish is pretty spicy. I wish they gave you more seafood but you can't have everything, it would be unfair.4) Seafood pancake: They have the "large" scratched off on the menu....the "small" is a huge plate that can be shared between 4-5 people so I don't even want to know what the large looked like. Gluttony at its finest.The place has kpop posters plastered all over the walls (the dudes wear more makeup than the girls!!) and the inside has a very home-y feel to it, I love it. The owners are extremely nice and they make conversation with you as you wait/check out. Only thing that would make my whole experience better is if they sold jars of their kimchi. FAHK SO GOOD.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,12/18/2013,49,143,4,19,7>I'm a skeptic. I feel very wary of going to restaurants that have nothing but five star reviews, especially when most of the reviewers have minimal review counts and no photos. Decided to give it a try on a Thursday night around 630PM. The restaurant is located in a plaza right by Katy Mills Mall. Sandwiched by an Asian nail salon and some chain restaurant, with a tasteless sign in big red letters and Beijing opera masks, the place didn't look very inviting at all, at least from the outside. I would have definitely passed on this place if it wasn't for Yelp reviews.It's a pretty small restaurant. Has maybe ten tables total. It's probably the cleanest Chinese restaurant I've ever been to. Tastefully decorated. I was greeted by the owner. He was very courteous. When I asked for recommendations, he asked me my ethnicity and what type of Asian food I was used to eating. He said he would tailor the food to my liking. I also overheard some people requesting a dish they had while traveling in China -- the owner agreed to recreate that dish. I ended up getting Garlic Chicken. It wasn't anything like the garlic chicken I've had at other Americanized Chinese restaurants. The chicken was all white meat and came shredded. It was in a thick, tangy sweet and sour sauce with bamboo shoots. I don't even like sweet and sour dishes but I really loved this one. The tap water at this restaurant is ridiculously good. They even add a slice of lemon in there. Probably it's just filtered water but I do appreciate their attention to detail.Another thing I liked about this place aside from the cleanliness is that the servers were super polite, and the dishes and utensils had cool decorations.  Finally, this place is affordable. Most dinner plates with chicken is 8 dollars. Beef is slightly more. Maybe 9 dollars. Seafood is about 10 dollars. Soups were 1.50. I'm not Chinese so I can't really speak for the authenticity of the restaurant but I know it's impossible to find a spot that is affordable, clean, and delicious with good service.I really hate writing five star reviews because they often sound solicited and fake.You gotta take my word for this one. This place will go far beyond your expectations for a neighborhood Chinese restaurant.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,12/17/2013,299,191,2,10,10>Who knew Mexican and Italian cuisine could work so well together?!? Bellissimo does a great job to showcase Italian with a latin flare. The CALLE 25 made my tastebuds do the savory dance. It's so salivating to look at when they bring out the dish.  It bursts of flavor and the jalapeno pasta has a spicy kick. Calle 25 is Jalapeno fettuccine served with grilled chicken, smoked sausage, sun-dried tomatoes, green onions, fresh diced jalapenos.  Served in a creamy Alfredo sauce. The Garlic bread was a little on the oily side, especially when you want to dip it on their spice and oil. The Pollo alla Belilissimo was also good, but not as flavorful as the Calle 25. The new location on Airline is much spacier than the previous location. The service was attentive and quick to please. They have a nice selection of beer and wine to drink with your meal. My boyfriend is a huge fan! He's already having cravings for Bellissimo.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,12/16/2013,186,130,6,15,6>Okay I think I found a place that I can put in my top 10 favorite breakfast places in Houston.  Thank goodness it is only 5 minutes from my house.I use to drive by their old location and they were ALWAYS crowded.. So I never stopped by.  But I know the just recently build a bigger building across the side street.  So the place is much bigger, while this place can get crowded and it does, there is more room to sit down.I love coffee....  And their regular drip coffee is awesome...  their café au lait is great too.  I usually order the eggs or omelet.  The baguette that comes with it is baked perfectly.  Also the croissant is heavenly... seriously they are some of the best croissants I have ever eaten.. and I have been to France.They have a huge selection on other items from flavored croissants (almond cream, blueberry cream, chocolate, etc).. to fruit cups/custards to crème brulee, to sandwiches....  Just writing this review.. I want to go there and eat some pastries....  Damn I think they are closed right now... oh well....If you have not tried this place out, you should... if you are in the neighborhood and are looking for a place to eat breakfast/lunch...  I suggest giving this place a try...
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,12/15/2013,90,85,5,9,7>Thanks yelpers! This place has turned me into a legend among my co-workers, but has also saddled me with the responsibility with finding somewhere that will surpass this gem.I brought my co-workers here months ago and they still tell me how much they enjoyed Carriage House. The majority of them are from out of the country, so they were tickled with the decor and atmosphere. This place is great to bring out-of-towners, especially those who believe Texans all ride horses to work.The chicken fried chicken and chicken fried steak are southern perfection. The meat itself isn't jam-packed with flavor, but is a fantastic vessel for fried crunch and white gravy transport. The batter is light enough to provide a satisfying crunch without weighing down the meal. The batter does a pretty decent job staying on the meat and you slice it up, which is a hallmark of a good CFS. One of my favorite things here is the Dad's Grilled Chicken (I think that's what it's called). The chicken is grilled perfectly. The chicken is succulent and flavorful. The char of the grill compliments the sweet glaze that coats the chicken breast.The fried okra is done well, but nothing special. I would avoid the mayonnaise soaked coleslaw at any cost unless you're a fan of drowned cabbage. The mashed potatoes sing when topping any fried companion and the steamed veggies are tasty.The salad bar and drinks are located in the back of the restaurant. If you feel confused, just follow the line of regulars to the back and you'll find your way.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,12/14/2013,153,232,11,16,10>Living out in Katy, there aren't a zillion "cool" places to eat, but this place is definitely in the top 3. Maybe I should make a Top 10 in Katy List? Nestled in an unassuming strip mall, I've driven by Marini's Empanada House for the past 5 years, until I found myself wondering about these little empanadas. Wow, was I happily suprised! Not only are these "little" empanadas jammed packed full of filling, but they will surprise you how few you actually have to eat to fill up. My first visit I ordered the the most written about in the Yelp reviews: beef gaucho, chicken diablo and guava and cheese. Here's my breakdown of items:Beef gaucho: totally meaty and savory. Topped with a dollop of the provided chimichurri sauce, your mouth will want to take home 1/2 a dozen. Chicken Diablo: you'll want all your chicken dishes to taste as delicious as this. the chicken is perfectly seasoned and the amount of spice is hot, but not gonna make you get up and dance. You know that "Ooh oohh, oohhh, HOT HOT" dance? No? YES! I've seen you do it, and baby, you look good! LOL!For dessert, I ordered the guava and cheese empanada. I love guava, but maybe the cheese wasn't quite for me. But 'ya know what? I ate that whole baby up anyhoo! I washed it down with a hot Argentinian mate with sugar. Mmm.... Perfect way to wash down some fried food. On my second visit, I decided to  try the churrasco sandwich, based on the recommendation of the calm and composed young man working the front counter. He single-handedly took both phone and line orders and delivered food to the tables. It got pretty packed, but this guy was smooth, professional and courteous in a busy environment. Good Job and great customer service. Well, he was right, the churrasco sandwich was perfect! The meat is a little fatty and perfectly marinated and laid to rest on  bread that was soft, fresh and crispy. For dessert, I had the pleasure of meeting the peanut butter cup empanada. OMG, can I tell you the delicious dark choc and smooth peanut butter makes for an X-rated mouth-gasm. Yup. I said it. You heard me! I love this place. Plenty of seating, TV screens, wide open space, delicious food, an amazing bottled beer selection, free parking, patio seating and really professional and courteous staff. If you find yourself on Westheimer and S. Mason Road, check them out. And for me, have a peanut butter cup. Mmmm....
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,12/13/2013,226,154,4,11,8>I have been wanting to go to Ambrosia for awhile now, and after seeing a great review yesterday, I decided to give it a shot for a date night. First off it is a little hard to pick out from the street. It is nestled in a neighborhood like setting, and the sign isn't really obvious. But there is adjacent parking and we did not have to valet, which is so nice! First off the ambiance and feel of this place is amazing. Everything from the lighting, music it just creates the warmest intimate setting. I was in love pretty quickly with Ambrosia. We decided to sit at the bar after chatting with Alfonso (management) and having a cocktail. I would highly recommend the rangpur, it was such a delicious drink. We decided to order several dishes, as we really wanted to try most of what they had to offer. Our choices were: brussel sprouts, chicken samosa, tiger prawns, chicken curry, and the lamp lollipops which were off the menu. Honestly, I cant tell you what was my favorite. They were all amazing. There was hardly any food left, everything was really top notch. Marissa who was bartending really gave us great service too. I have been out a lot in Houston, and this place really blew me away. What a gem! Guys. this is an AMAZING date place! I cant wait to go back.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,12/12/2013,275,269,10,18,12>Houston, prepare yourselves for a sensory overload when you walk in to this new franchised grocery market where fresh isn't just in the name, it's what they do. Think of Central Market meets Whole Foods and that's exactly what The Fresh Market feels like, smells like, and looks like. Be prepared to either leave your credit card at home and just pay cash, or plan on spending about double what you were intending because this place is a foodies heaven.From the moment you walk in, the smell of Fall scents wafts from the vents and entry ways with nutmeg, cinnamon and allspice aromas that draw you right into the front door and lands you face first on the gelato glass case. Before I even could notice that there was fresh produce for sale, the gelato was calling my name to come close and look. After indulging in some samples of gelato and their own blood orange sorbet, I ventured into the produce section to see that all of their produce is clearly labeled with conventional or organic signs. This is hugely helpful for people that are looking for organic produce. As you wander through the spacious design of the produce section, you'll end up being torn between the deli and the meat counter. Everything in this store is expertly laid with mastermind marketing and planning in mind to make everything look enticing...hence my warning about being prepared to spend double what you intended to. The meat counter and deli then leads you into the bakery where they have cupcakes the size of a newborns head and decorated up better than most cupcake places in town, for about half of the price.This is more of a specialty market so you will find some of the canned items or boxed foods you may want, but don't be disappointed when you can't find Cap'n Crunch cereal here because they're not that kind of store. The emphasis of this market is put on their fresh products: produce, meat, deli, bakery, and coffee bar, and less room is devoted to the "inner aisle" fare. The store is laid out and designed with lighting, smell, and visual sensory all in mind, making this the perfect place to blow half of a paycheck.The employees did not disappoint either. Every employee I encountered was both available to help or willing to help even though I didn't ask for any. They were eager to serve customers and provide a side of good attitudes while they did it. Whether this is company standard or enforced by the store manager, the customer service is top notch here.I'm typically a Whole Foods shopper, but The Fresh Market offers up several varieties of foods or items that I can't find at my local Whole Foods, so this grocer will be getting my business on a more regular basis when it comes to some of those harder to find organic items, or when I'm craving a cupcake the size of a newborns head.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,12/11/2013,104,254,8,15,9>I am so glad I get to update my review and bump it up to five stars!  As I stated earlier, a bar that allows dogs and has local craft beers is already a winner in my book.  What caused me to go for four to five stars?  The food!I went here for Sunday brunch.  When we walked in up to the joint, every table was taken.  These are double picnic tables, so it's easy to share.  Why not share on a Sunday afternoon?  We walked up to a table that was occupied by a woman reading a book.  She was not eating, or drinking, just reading.  Weird.  We asked if we could share her table and she did not look too pleased.  She had no desire to share.  Just then another table, with about three people sitting at it jumped up and said we could have their table.  It turns out they all worked there.  We sat down and they immediately brought our two dogs each their own bowl of water.  That was very thoughtful.  Looking over the menu, my GF got the French toast and wings, and I ordered the steak and eggs.  Right off the bat I ate one of the GF's chicken wings, and it was some deep fried goodness.  I wanted to get my hands on one before she demolished them.  (I also ate a good portion of the French toast, so I can vouch for its deliciousness as well).  My steak was not a puny breakfast steak, but was a hearty ribeye perfectly seasoned, and a delightful medium rare.  The eggs and potatoes did not miss either.  It was a great breakfast, and worth it for $15.  You even get a free mimosa with a Yelp check-in and an order of a brunch entree.  I skipped the mimosa, and decided on a bloody Mary.  They do not use mix, and the fresh made bloody Mary was plenty strong with the right amount of horseradish.  It was a great eyeopener for a Sunday morning.  The loan-table-ranger was there the whole time we were there and never had a drink or anything to eat.  She just lounged around taking up a table.  Not sure why they let that fly, we almost walked on by thinking the place was full.  This is a really good brunch where you can take dogs, get good drinks and great food.  Does it get any better than that?  The loan-table-ranger doesn't know what she is missing.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,12/10/2013,202,203,4,17,15>With great expectations based on my fellow Yelpers' glowing reviews, hubby and I, along with my bestie from CA, spent our Saturday night at Masraff's.  The first thing noted was the very plush, modern NYC decor and narrow, deep layout.  The tranquil gray/black motif was sophisticated, but perhaps a bit cold.  The high up crossbeam of wood topped with spigots of gaslight between the upscale bar and dining room is a unique twist on a fireplace, but too high up to be cozy. We were seated promptly as per our 9:30 reservation, though the dining areas were not full.  Indeed, we were a bit surprised to find the restaurant half empty on such a nice evening.  We had a lovely table by the window overlooking a courtyard and the parking lot beyond.  Our waitress, Claudia, came promptly for our drink order.  For immediate bonus points, she gamely smiled through Hubbies' obnoxiously detailed martini order. (Think Sally, in When Harry Met Sally) The first thing I noticed is that despite being told on the phone by the hostess when I asked the dress, the upscale business casual description, was not in evidence.  Sitting in my sequined blouse and skinny leather jeans, I was overdressed in a room with many men wearing shorts and golf shirts!  The women were mixed bag, but mostly in what I'd call mommy pants and blouses.  For a nice restaurant, the vibe was decidedly casual, which I don't particularly care for.  If I wanted to dine casual, I'd go somewhere lower priced and closer to home. I also didn't care for the standard issue Formica over wood tables sans table cloths.  Again, just too casual for upscale dining.  We all agreed the room was also a bit too brightly lit.  It rather reminded me of Fogo de Chao with the quasi-upscale cafeteria-like feel.  Our drinks arrived after a bit of a wait, but delicious, chilled and made to order.  We had to ask for the menus, so this isn't a rushed environment, which is fine.  The menu is a nice mix of seafood, pasta and meats, so something for everyone.  Claudia was wonderful in directing our choices and explaining the menu.  I arrived craving beef, so ignored her suggestion of the Walu, and went for the Fillet.  Our apps arrived quickly.  Claudia's suggestion of the Garlic seared Calamari was spot on.  My friend ordered that and shared.  It ate like the most tender of abalone.  Fab!  My crab cake was one of the best I'd ever had, and no shell at all.  Only huge chunks of crab mixed with a bit of polenta? for binding.  The Saffron sauce was wonderful as well.  Hubbie's tomato salad was cool and tasty.   Dinner arrived with well-paced timing.  My steak was the first casualty.  When asked to cut it for doneness, though more rare than med-rare as ordered, it was rubbery/boiled like stew meat.  It didn't taste any different either.  This was not prime, let alone aged beef.  Think Outback quality on a bad night. I sent it back and took Claudia's suggestion of the Hawaiian Walu.  During the very short wait, I tasted my friend's Halibut, which was tasty and cooked nicely, and hubbie's Seared Hawaiian Tuna was was also wonderful and cooked to perfection.  My replacement meal arrived very quickly which I appreciated.  The Walu made me glad my steak sucked!  It was easily one of the best fishes I've ever had outside of Hawaii, with its tender lobster-like texture cooked to perfect med-rare!  I shared and all agreed I ended up winning the battle of the entrees.  The portions were just right, not stingy as some upscale restaurants serve.Basking in the glow of foodie heaven, it was the deserts that brought us down to Earth again.  The Chocolate Eruption fizzled within it's tiny expresso cup of mostly liquid sauce.  Not enough to share, and all sauce.  The Berry Bread Pudding was not a pudding, but like two dry pieces of French Toast with a few berries and almost no sauce to relieve the dryness.  Not worth the calories.  Perhaps we should have dipped the bread in the chocolate sauce!  The selection of after dinner drinks was lacking.  All tawny ports by the glass and not a single ruby? Claudia came to the rescue with a glass from a bottle opened that was off menu.  It was good, not great for that $22.  Still, it beat all the deserts, so again I won!All in all, this is a great seafood restaurant.  I would skip the beef and happily stick to the surf where this chef shines.  But, I wouldn't spend my Friday or Saturday night out here.  It lacked the energy and ambiance for a good date night restaurant.  This read more like a business dinner home run.  The ambiance, lack of dress code, bad steak and deserts had me debate a 3 or 4 star rating, but Claudia's expert service and the great seafood won that 4th star.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,12/9/2013,439,301,14,17,9>I'm so pissed (my tummy isn't though, trust me) this place came so close to my job! I mean seriously....I'm trying to shed some pounds people and these food trucks so nearby are not helping in the least damn bit!I heard about this place from some coworkers who dined 2 days earlier.  It was a good 6 trucks out there today; just different types of food galore (including a dessert truck).  Apparently it changes daily so like them on Facebook to keep in the know! *Link* -- facebook.com/pages/My-FoTables all around, shaders on some of them with plastic chairs but still this Houston sun beats on you from the side...it's a bit piercing though not hot.  Damn sho'll ain't keeping me away, let me point that out right quick!  Loads of people were already there when we got there, think I'll come before noon next time especially for the more popular trucks.  I can't imagine when it really starts poppin out there...they definitely will need more tables for that noon crowd.Good parking lot, some shade is further back...gravel road, it isn't 5 star atmosphere but the level and variety of food trucks around is on point and that's all my belly cares about.... Most have squares so you're good to go even with no George Washingtons in hand.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,12/8/2013,102,108,10,10,11>UPDATE ~~~ They just opened their little pop up shop in the Galleria!! It can be found by Victoria's Secret (on the third floor I think). They are not as fresh as the macarons in house so... I don't know how I feel about that. It's exciting that you can get them in the galleria though! It fit perfectly in the middle of Christmas shopping. Hope that they are able to improve in that regard. ---------Aight y'all. My boyfriend got me some macarons today. A few hours later, they were no where to be found. Where'd they go... I was so upset. And then I realized I freaking ate them. lol! ALL 12 OF THEM. THAT'S RIGHT. I see your judging eyes. Haters.I was going to just edit my last review of three stars to four, but after I devoured them all, I decided that they deserved an update. Why? Because they were freaking delicious! In the last review, I had qualms about the quality, but once I got two batches in a row with overall chewy and fresh macarons, I was converted. I've seen the mac-gods. I've seen the light! Gobble gobble gobble. I might have had one or two that cracked as I bit them, but they were all on point with very enjoyable flavors. I always look for a perfectly chewy texture, a not-so-sweet delicious filling, and consistently perfect round macaron without obvious bumps and a pretty color/decoration (they are always so so pretty). Perfect gift! Very pretty box! Some of my faves: rose, pistachio, salted caramel, green tea, coffee... and more and more. I guess I'll have to update along the way. I eat them too quickly without asking what flavors they are... -.-  They also have fig & cheese which is not my favorite, even though I really like eating fig & cheese. I guess it didn't work for me, but definitely a must try. In conclusion, I LOVE YOU MACARON BY PATISSE I DO I DO. Look out for the sister/brother duo owners. They know their stuff! Five stars for the DEEEEE-lish "almost-like-cookies" that are the best in Houston IMHO. Not quite Laduree, but they sure do come close.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,12/7/2013,79,100,4,10,5>This was located across the street from a nutritional center which had a sign on the window that read "Why do I crave sugar?" Hmm.It's a little hard to spot, as it's in old town League City (the historical district) and looks like a charming little yellow cottage with a garden lawn, shade trees, and umbrellas. Just make sure to look for a green lamppost and the sign for "My Trainer" so you don't miss the entrance like I did, since turning around in that area is a pain. The front lot is, in fact, for parking, but it is mostly loose rock/gravel which doesn't feel very good on my car's tires, especially since I had just gotten my wheel alignment that morning (sigh). As others have mentioned, there is no seating inside. They share the outdoor seating areas (mostly benches and chairs with shade umbrellas) with Kahuna Joe's next door, so in the summer months you should get a nice cool drink to go along with your cupcakes.Now, on to the cupcakes. They have their regular cupcakes which go for $3.50 and "elite" cupcakes which are $4.00. Both are pretty well-sized (comparable to the cupcakes you'd get at Crave or Sprinkles) but the elites have more garnishes/decorations.Apparently her menu changes every day, so if you find a favorite then your only recourse might be to special-order them in order to get your fix. Cupcakes we tried were: 1) Chocolate chip cookie dough2) Hostess cupcake3) Fuji apple caramel4) Mississippi mud pieOur favorite was the Hostess cupcake (shaped exactly like a Hostess snack and even had the white creamy filling inside) followed by the mud pie, the apple caramel (which had sugar glitter on the frosting and, being the sloppy eaters we were, made us look like we just came from a Ke$ha concert), and the cookie dough (which had chocolate chips on the frosting and real cookie dough baked in the center).We came in 30 minutes before their 6 p.m. closing time and everything was still fresh and moist. We were greeted by a young worker, who was helpful in explaining which items were popular and worth trying. I wish we had run into the owner though, as the bf is also a baker and would have loved to talk shop, but I'm sure there'll be other opportunities (oh my poor weight scale).All in all, a great find in this area!
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,12/6/2013,53,67,,11,7>Luigi's is a great casual place to grab a quick bite to eat.  It is also very affordable as specialty small pizzas are only about $10 per pie (Enough to fill 2 people and have left overs).  I went to Luigi's on a Friday night and brought a bottle of wine.  There is a lot of patio seating but it was raining so the inside was a little packed but not too crowded that there was not enough seating.The staff is very friendly and down to earth.  This no frills pizza shop (BYOB too!) is a place I will come back to.I had the Mexicana Pizza and the Supreme pizza.  The thin crust pizzas were loaded with toppings.  I love olives and the Supreme pizza was loaded with them. Overall pretty good pizza.  The Mexicana had a little spice to it and came with beef and chicken toppings.For dessert, you have to get the gelato.  The mango was my favorite as it was light and very tasty.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,12/5/2013,81,94,5,6,6>I met some friends at Eatsie boys cafe to watch the SecondSunday Latte Art competition. Tucked away in an unassuming corner lot, parking is a little short, but not terrible - street parking seems to be pretty generous.Inside, the shop is all angles: wall corners and recesses and random tables and counters. Coffee shop space Tetris? Looking over the chalkboard menu, we could not determine the "official" theme of the spot: ice creamery? Coffee shop? Lunch cafe? Late-night stomach-lining grub? Bar? Whatever, you get it all. That night, the Eatsie boys were dispensing free bao and snuggies as well as free beer. Not to mention, cups upon cups of free latte/art.It got crowded fast in that wee space, but oh what a fun environment. The atmosphere was very much like arts n crafts day at stay over camp. The whole operation is seems run by under-30-year-olds and definitely exclaims that carefree hipster vibe.I hope E.B. hosts another latte art competition in conjunction with blacksmith! Next time, I'm entering!
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,12/4/2013,231,233,7,16,12>If I could give this place 10 stars, I would. I had seen Pat Greer's name in various places, and it kept coming up in my quest to find healthy, non-dairy alternatives. Finally, as a little surprise to my friend whose favorite pie is key lime, I decided to stop by to get a little vegan key lime pie. Amy answered the phone. I asked her if there was key lime pie and she said there were two left. I called again around noon. There was still one left. I called one more time before leaving work. Amy did not sound exasperated, miraculously. I arrived just before 5pm on a weekday, drove around the block, and found that it really is just a kitchen in a house! There is a sign out front that says "yes, you're in the right place!"I walked in and she asked if it was my first time there. I said yes, and she showed me to the pies (which, I thought maybe she had figured out that that's all I wanted)- then said I get a free tiny pie anyways since it was my first time! (Talk about a good drug dealer, they hook you with the free sample).  She saw me pick up the key lime and asked warily, "Are you the girl who called about the key lime?" and I said yes. In response she said, "Good, or else I was gonna say you can't have that." I felt happy that she was going to be protective about the key lime pie I had called three times about. I was seriously, cross my heart, only gonna get dessert. I walked out with Neato Pie, two salads from the "free" shelf, samples of other desserts, and another pie. The "Free" shelf features items that may be just happening upon the "best eaten before" date.... and it's a great way to try the items. They are full-size items, so it's the real deal. On my second, dine-in visit, we got the Neato Pie again (yes it is that good) and the enchiladas (with mole sauce!). They are INCREDIBLY generous, and it really feels like eating at someone's home. It's casual, they brought out paper napkins and mismatched silverware, which I loved, and samples of different pies so we could make our decision on which to purchase. When I exclaimed about how much I loved the mole sauce, the guy offered a whole bowl of it to pour all over my enchilada. The coconut pie and the choco-lot pie? AMAZING. You will forget that you are eating vegan dessert. The prices are very reasonable, though it's good to know that the pies really are very very small. The food is well-thought out, healthy, and feature labels with thorough ingredient listings. They have a shelf of prepackaged goodies like raw cookies, agave nectar, honey, and other snacks. If you are open-minded about trying healthy food, I ask, no, plead with you to try this place. Pat's environmentally sustainable practices and health-conscious cooking alone are enough for me to tell you to visit-- add that to good tasting food and incredibly friendly service, and it's an absolute must.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,12/3/2013,105,95,12,16,14>Looking for a place to run?The Sandy Reed Memorial Trail loops around Buffalo Bayou from Shepherd to Sabine Street. The trail loop is about 4.7 miles. Go a little further to the next bridge after the Sabine Street Bridge and the loop becomes 5.2 miles. So how does this trail compare with the other big 2 (Rice University and Memorial Park)? I think it easily wins, but if you don't want to run on concrete, then you should probably stay away. Actually, staying away is probably not a bad idea because I like that the trail is not too crowded. The lack of plentiful parking probably contributes to this.Why is this trail awesome?Continuity... Once you are on the trail, no need to cross any streets.The Variety... Straightaways, curves, tree-lined, tree not lined, bridges, stairs (optional).Faux Hills... The trail goes up and down, which is unique to Houston.The Backdrop... Run towards the skyscrapers of Downtown.The Foreground... Marvel at the pristine waters of the bayou.Bonus... Catch a glimpse of Juan Carlos.How is the trail improving?The trail is being widened along the length of the loop.More trail branches along the loop.Two more bridges being built across the bayou.New lighting along the trail so you don't run into the bayou.What could be better?More water fountains!Better trail access south of Allen Parkway since people think Allen Parkway is a racetrack and routinely aim for pedestrians.Better weather!Possible Negatives?It's also a bike path.Possible Positives?It's also a bike path.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,12/2/2013,121,335,4,14,7>Ok, let's start by making one thing abundantly clear, I am a Damned Yankee! Born just outside of Boston, lived in New England for more than half of my life, growing up and back as an adult, and have eaten lobsta and clam chowda at every opportunity.Maine-ly Sandwiches has brought a small taste of New England dining to Texas! This is the way it is supposed to be. Their preparation is as authentic as if you were down east Maine. The staff is great, very friendly atmosphere. The restaurant is clean. And the prices are more than fair.I'll be back, over and over again!!!So, if you are looking for a New England classic, look no further, this is the place!!!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,12/1/2013,35,171,11,12,9>We decided to stop by here for a birthday lunch for my wife and this place did not disappoint. It's in a very unassuming part of east downtown and you almost miss it if you dont not have GPS. The shack is an unassuming blue structure with "sparkles chill spot" written on the side of it. We very much enjoyed ourselves the only thing about it is that if you're in a rush this is not a place you want to order from. Our order took about 20 to 25 minutes to come out but it did not disappoint once it came out. It's an outdoor structure so there isn't really anywhere to sit other than a few chairs and benches but that's typical of aneighborhood burger shack. Burgers are Huuuuuuuge I got the Hickory Bacon Cheeseburger. The patty is the size of 3 Burger King patties. And they even have the nerve to have double meat options. You must want the fastest way to a coronary heart transplant if you decide to eat two of these patties. We were very impressed by this food and will be back. And to those individuals on yelp that are concerned with their safety because of its location,Grow up! Just because you're in the hood doesn't mean somebody wants to rob you of your $.25 anyway. Just mind your business eat your food and don't be that douche thats clutching their purse the entire time and just like being on any other part of town you'll be just fine. Besides its very evident that gentrification has begun to rear it's ugly head in this part of downtown anyway.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2013,11/30/2013,194,103,14,16,12>Reasons you need to hustle on over to snowblock right now.  Like RIGHT NOW:1. This is their grand/soft opening!  The boyfriend and I were casually strolling through rice village (because long walks on the beach are for sissies and Ryan Gosling) and decided to just peek in today around noon.  Lo and behold, snow block was open and I, Ha N., became forever remembered as Snowblock Shavery's FIRST and (Thanks to some refreshing shaved ice) COOLEST customer. These guys are still setting up,  could use a boost from local yelpers AND2. Are kind enough to let their first wave of customers sample some generous portions of delectable shaved ice. So hustle!3. They have three--THREE!--different types of shaved ice. There's traditional hawaiian, ribbon (the slightly creamy Asian kind), and shaved (with some dulce de leche sauce). 4. Portion sizes are huge.  The regular ribbon ice was a mountain served on a plate.  I almost couldn't finish (but I did because perseverence and delicious shaved ice, hello?). It's a little pricey at around five dollars but hey,  when it's the size of your Subway sandwich and comes with fruit topping,  who's complaining? 5. The people who work here are almost as sweet as the honeydew melon syrup they put over those perfect snowy domes of powder white ice :)6. As fun as it is to wait half an hr in late summer Texas heat to get some shaved ice from a shack in the farmers market,  you and I both know how exciting it is to find out there's a whole damn airconditioned storefront dedicated to a summer favorite. So hurry up before this place gets bumpin (oh it will) and before summer is over!  Just kidding.  It's always summer in Texas :/
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,11/29/2013,73,47,5,6,4>3 years ago I moved from The Land of Cypresses in the burbs to inside The Loop.  And as a dog owner the Ervan Chew Park was a big part of what attracted me to this area of Montrose.One of more important criteria for reviewing a pup park if not the most important are the doggy regulars.  I have yet to see any aggressive or mean dogs nor have I experience any aggressive or mean humans! (which usually go hand-in-hand)  This part of Montrose has some of the nicest people and dogs.  You have a lot of smaller dogs from The Fairmont apartments and well behaved dogs from the surrounding neighborhoods.  Also the park's layout is set up very nicely.   Plenty of mature shade trees dot the long rectangular lot with wooden benches for sitting.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,11/28/2013,103,315,6,7,7>Why the h*ll hasn't anyone taken me here before?I didn't grow up with tamales and despite my 10-year love affair with Tex Mex and Mexican food, tamales came late in the process. I'm still learning the nuances and what to appreciate about them.But what I did learn in a hurry is that this place is hugely family-friendly, a bit of a family mad-house in fact, and they turn out a LOT of hot, fresh food that is reasonably priced and pretty darn tasty. I took a dozen hand-made pork tamales home and had to restrain myself from eating every last one of them in a single sitting.The lady behind the counter that took my order and passed me my paper bag of tamales was super-friendly, and the next lady that checked me out had me charmed as well. Despite my clear "not from around here" look as I tried to figure out the menu, they made sure I was well taken care of and felt right at home.Put down your phone / tablet / laptop and get in the car and get some hot tamales. You won't be sorry.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,11/27/2013,44,100,10,8,10>Houston Hipster Haven, otherwise known as Black Hole Coffee House; be sure to arrive with apple device of your choice in tow.Conveniently located in the Museum District, it so just happens to be the closest, non-Starbucks, coffee house to Rice University. Finding the location, and a parking spot are about as easy as completing the Third Task of the Triwizard Tournament, which would explain the clientele (they're the only ones with enough Indie power to navigate the maze).Coffee roasted in Marfa, Texas, cool, right? I suppose so. It's definitely hip to be local anyway.Decent Happy Hour, starts at 4, and includes beer and nibbles. Speaking of which, they serve beer here, as well as a large variety of coffee drinks and tasty snacks. This does seem to explain why people never seem to leave.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,11/26/2013,117,62,3,7,7>This place is rather a far drive but is such a beautiful venue and I have been blessed to attend two weddings here in the past month (although good for other functions)!  It is an European style venue featuring faux painted walls and vaulted ceiling with a beautiful double staircase entry that leads into the ballroom.  It is amazing how much a venue can transform depending on the theme of the wedding, but both weddings were beautiful!  One wedding even rented a gate to create a super grand entrance.  The ballroom is usually where the ceremony is held and it is so picturesque as you walk down the aisle and up the stage to take your vows in front of a panel of windows where you glisten with the natural lighting looking out into the back terrace/outdoor grounds/gardens.  After the ceremony we had a time for hors d'oeuvres and if the weather is nice the party is moved outside to the gardens, or upstairs to eat and mingle while stuff is prepared for the reception.  The ballroom is converted to the reception area and the dance floor is opened as well as the buffet room and bar.  Depending on the package, the food and bar selections vary (cash or not).  After dancing the night away we had quite a memorable final send off as this place is not in the city of Houston no fireworks zone so we literally had a blast!  I would definitely recommend this place for a venue but will warn it is a veryyy pretty penny and a bit far for guests from Houston.  However, if you are looking for a place with lots of nice photo ops you might just fall in love with this veune: beautiful staircases, an outdoor fireplace, fountains galore, gazebo and a lake!  Oh also check out the [powder room (I can only speak for women) as there is a nice lounge chair to rest your feet!
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,11/25/2013,340,388,6,17,14>I love Karaoke!!! I have been to a lot of Karaoke places so I set high expectations and I am very critical about it because I take Karaoke very seriously. I love to sing and music is my passion so that's why for the written behavior ;).I came here to see a very special person whom I have not seen in 11 years and she was head chef so I wouldn't be able to see her too long so unfortunately I did not stay too long. I wish I would of stayed longer because this place is great. There are a lot of places to sit and there is plenty of space. The stage is perfect and there are monitors so the audience and the singer can see comfortably. The sound quality of the mics and the songs sound great. The DJ was organized and kept it under control. The only thing I did not like was the song and artist books were not organized they were all over the place and were not in place. When I go to a Karaoke place The first thing I look at are the books to see if they are organized and to see if they are up to date with their song list. They do have a huge selection but in the books it said through 2005 so I am not sure if there are separate books that are from 2006 to present like I said the books were not in its place. There was not that many people there so the line to sing was not long so that's good. I did not get to sing, but I definitely would like to come here again to sing my heart out. Glitter is a great place to bring all your friends And have a great time. This place is cool I recommend it!
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,11/24/2013,278,508,6,21,12>It took pulling teeth to get me to go to Chama Gaucha.  I don't usually go for mass quantities of meat, I freakin' hate buffets, I think $40 is already too much to spend on a meal, and it was on the day that a storm blew in and flooded 59.The opportunist I am, I decided to go in with a mindset of learning the most I could.  Service was excellent, extremely quick, and happened from the moment I stepped out of the car until the moment I stepped back in (protected from the rain by umbrellas each time) sans reservation.  I asked for two pieces of printer paper at the front desk and got my pen ready to go.  The staff was either convinced I was a reviewer, knew nothing of meat, or both.  So, they made sure I tried one of everything and checked to see what I thought.  Overall, it was a great experience.  I figured that $50 was investing in being able to compare cuts side-by-side and to see which ones I liked best.  Would come here again for lunch.(F) denotes a favorite that I would order again.Here's my stream of consciousness organized by type:CHICKEN  :: Bacon-wrapped chicken breast :: So, so good.  This is probably what I would have ordered a la cart.  A little dryer because it's the breast and maybe the salts of the bacon drew out too many juices.  Very delicious.   :: Leg ::  I shame my fellow Asians when I say I dislike dark meat.  While marinated, it was drier than I expected though not as dry as the breast.  It was grilled very well and had a crispy texture on the outside.LAMB CHOP  ::  I have never acquired a taste for lamb and could only once appreciate it in fried rice.  If you like lamb, this was very flavorful, juicy, and tender as heck.  However, I found the game taste a little too much for my palette.  Didn't look a thing like the puppet, thankfully.PORK  :: Sausage ::    (F)Extremely flavorful and juicy.  Tasted like it was marinated.  Black pepper, oregano?  You have me hooked, and this is something I would never have ordered on my own or expected to like.  :: Pork tenderloin crusted with parmesan ::Tough to cut, but that parmesan makes this so delicious!  Very juicy.  Juices must have been drawn out by the salty cheese...  :: Pork rib ::Another thing I would never have ordered on my own.  Very juicy, although my piece was cooked medium - medium-well.  Not a huge fan...BEEF  :: Top sirloin ::Marbled, juicy, tender, and a fair amount of flavor.  I hate the amount of fat in this thing but was able to cut away the chunks pretty easily.  :: Bottom sirloin ::Chewy, but thankfully not hairy or coming with Han Solo.  No really, it's not as juicy, not as flavorful.  Don't waste your time or stomach space.  :: Rib-eye ::     (F)I did not expect to love this but it is fairly tender and SUPER juicy.  My cut was thankfully medium rare and I was also able to cut away the fat easily on this thing.  :: Picanha #1 ::     (F / House Special)Very juicy, tender, medium rare.  I can see how this is a house special.  :: Picanha with garlic ::     (House special)A lot less impressive.  Looked well-done.  Surprisingly juicy.  Was this slow cooked in a smoker?  I don't remember liking this one as much.  :: Filet mignon ::   (F)Ok, we knew I'd like this one, but it slices so easily like room-temperature butter!  So flavorful and juicy!  Medium rare.  Would get this again!  :: Garlic beef  ::Tougher than the filet.  Good but chewy.  Not a huge fan.  :: Bacon-wrapped filet :: Knife cut through so easily!  Bacon was a nice touch; do I taste alcohol, too?  Slightly less juicy than the normal filet.  :: Beef ribs ::Lacks the flavor punch I was expecting.  EXTREMELY juicy and comes on a wood platter.  This one was slow cooked in a rotisserie for six hours.  Very fatty, marbled, darker.  Not a fan at all but apparently most other meat-a-tarians are.SIDES BROUGHT TO YOUR TABLE  :: Pollenta (fried corn bread) ::Crispy outside, subtle sweet.  Seems very oily.  Sensitive stomachs beware!  :: Chimichurri (red) ::Unremarkable.  :: Chimichurri (green) ::    (F)Brought to my table almost as if it were a favor for me.  I don't think it's standard, but it is SO SO SO SO SO good.  What the heck is the recipe for this thing?  Bring me more!  :: Fried cheese bread dumplings ::    (F)Eggy, but not in a bad way.  Bring me more!  and more... om nom nom!  :: Fried plantain ::Beautifully caramalized exterior.  Very tender inside.  Kind of reminds me of a slug.  A very delicious slug.  Slight sweetness but not overwhelmingly so.  :: Mashers ::Disappointing that these got so cold in such a short time (10 min?).  Spiced with paprika?  Mushier...  hmm... first time I'm passing on these in a meal.BUFFET SPREAD  ::  Was moderate in variety - maybe 40 things?  Kind of a waste of stomach space for me, but very good.  Smoked salmon, salads, Hollandaise...
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,11/23/2013,131,265,4,6,3>I've dined at their Veterans Memorial location but when I heard this location offered some bomb a** crawfish I had to stop by and check it out. Oh boy, am I glad I did, probably the best crawfish on the north part of Houston! I love all the crawfish joint down in Bellaire but the drive there is just too long so we decided to try out this place. The crawfish was just as good as any place in Bellaire area and I would say comparable to Jolynn's and LA Crawfish. The best part was it was only $5.95 per pound, I think at Jolynn's we paid close to $8 a pound. To make things even better from 3-7pm they have 10% off their crawfish. There was 3 of us and we ordered 10lbs of mudbugs, 5 beers, chicken wings (which is also really tasty and crispy) and our bill came out to about $100 after our 10% off, now that's a good deal! Their crawfish is phenomenal, buttery, spicy, garlicky goodness. We even asked for white rice to eat in their addictive crawfish sauce, lol. Customer service was impeccable and probably the best compared to any other Vietnamese restuarants I've ever dined in. They have two separate rooms closed off by glass, I guess one for people dining in for crawfish the other for pho. We didn't leave smelling like garlic crawfish, which was great, lol. Every time I've dined at Jolynn's I smell like garlic when I leave. The restaurant itself is very clean. I highly recommend this place for their food, pho, crawfish, everything there is delicious and fresh and I couldn't ask for better customer service!
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,11/22/2013,217,363,2,7,3>Since my first visit, I have been to Parisian Bakery 3 more times. That averages to 1 sandwich per week.My issue is that, not only do I want to try each and every sandwich, but I also feel this undying urge to try each and every croissant! In my quest to do so, I have tried the roast pork, chicken, and the tofu banh mi. All fantastic choices. The most surprising is the deliciousness of the tofu. The tofu is sliced and marinaded to be very savory and better-than-meat!The shining star of all the croissants is the almond. It is absolute heaven-in-your-mouth, warm-n-toasty, sweet-n-crunchy, on-the-brink-of-tears-from-happiness good. Go and get one! It is a necessity for joy in life.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,11/21/2013,225,440,7,8,10>Gelato, custards and sorbets fill the glass case with beautiful sights and flavors to get your taste buds roaring.  The staff was super friendly and great at suggesting complimenting flavors.  After much thought, I settled on a mix of gelato and custard by trying the Honey Almond, Caramelized Banana and Pistachio!All had very distinct flavors that fully embodied their names, while also remaining refreshing and creamy all a the same time.  I also ordered a latte which was a bit bland but all the flavors may have been throwing it off a bit.The prices are reasonable and the service was quick! You can't beat that!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,11/20/2013,78,135,6,9,8>I've been trying to step into this spot for the past few months.  It's always packed.  I finally got in last night.It's on Nasa Pkwy and Highway 3.  Across from where the Blimpies used to be.  Parking - plenty, but I think there's also a club nearby, so you won't be able to pull right upLayout - few tables in the front area, and a lot of tables on the side.  A bunch of the real estate is taken by the bar.Service - it's not obvious that it's sit anywhere, but everyone was really niceThe atmosphere - Totally awesome.  Whole spot is laid back.  The NHL game was on.  Got to talking to my neighbors, good staff.  All around fun time.  I totally get why it's always packed.The Food - I went with Shaking Beef, which is now my go to @ any Vietnamese spot.  For the most part, aside from the french fries (served with grill pork, queso, and some other stuff), I don't think of this place as fusion-y at all.    The shaking beef is chopped up beef tenderloin, and it's served with an inverted bowl of rice, with a hidden heap of shredded carrots, and a fried egg on top. (i'm sure the egg was extra, but I always get it).    On the side was that lime juice with salt and pepper I believe.  Beef was awesome, as were the eggs and surprisingly sweet carrots.  The rice though?  It was on the wrong side of crunchy. (there is no right side of crunchy actually).  Edible, but 10 more minutes in the Zojirushi and it would have been all good.The Brew - Seeing all those options...I curse all those years I spent sober.  Alas, I went with one of the Japanese Beers I knew cause I hadn't had any in a bit.  Hitachino's Nest White Ale.  Perhaps not high on the list of Beer sno...connoisseurs, but I like it.  But they had so much beer to try.  I drink 2 and I get paranoid about driving, so it was 1 beer + 3 glasses of water.Next time, I go with a designated driver!
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,11/19/2013,289,404,13,42,38>I saved this story-of-my-life review of my Alma Mater for my 300th Yelp review. I was completely immersed in the education, athletics, culture, student life and dining at UH from August 2006 until I graduated in December 2009. Also, I say this only for perspective and not to brag: I was valedictorian of my high school class and therefore, I was automatically accepted and received a scholarship to any Texas public school I wished to attend, including UT. I also got accepted to NYU and Washington University in St. Louis. I CHOSE to attend the University of Houston. I was not recruited. I was not bribed. I always assumed I would go to the University of Texas. Growing up in Texas, it just seemed like what would happen. College was never a question in my mind; it was just what you did after high school. I visited and toured UT -- twice -- and even stayed in the dorms once. I was never feeling it. I can't put my finger on why. Austin is a lovely town. The UT representatives I met were wonderful. UT shouts from the rooftops about it's world-class scholars, diversity and free-thinkers, but I never saw evidence of that. What I saw when I was there, were white people. Just. Like. Me. I saw a lot of wide eyed sheltered kids ready to join a sorority or fraternity.  I write this now retrospectively. I didn't really know what I was looking for in a college when I was visiting them, but I did know that the UT I saw wasn't it.ENTER THE UNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON. When I toured UH, I was led by a funny, charismatic Asian student. It seemed he knew everyone on campus by name and he had so much SPIRIT. I think this spirit was what drew me to UH. Students here seemed HAPPY to be in college and didn't take for granted being able to attend a University. CAMPUS: I liked how the campus was completely self-contained and not crossed with city streets or businesses. Regardless of the area it's adjacent to, I felt safe at UH. They've been constructing new parking and buildings continuously: the campus is constantly growing and updating. EDUCATION: I got a top notch education from UH. The variety of classes I was offered was more than I could have imagined. Only in the College of Technology for my minor coursework did I think my professors were unqualified to teach me. For most of my other classes (including basics) the coursework was challenging and interesting. My major studies in the Jack J. Valenti School of Communication were obviously my favorite classes. Keith Houk, Craig Crowe and Randy Polk are stand-out media production professors. Jeremy Desel from Channel 11 even taught a few broadcast media courses during my term at UH.ATHLETICS: Cougar football has really come a long way over the past few years, but even if UH was losing, the student section was still packed and spirited, rain or shine. And you get in free to all UH home sporting events with your student ID! At football games, they give the first 500 students free t-shirts, too! The train sound that the band makes at the kick offs will forever be one of my favorite sounds.STUDENT LIFE & CULTURE:  Not only do you get to live in an awesome city with awesome food and art culture, your campus hosts many performers, events, food trucks and exhibits for you to enjoy. The Blaffer Gallery always has something interesting going on (and it usually includes free beer.)  The Wortham Theatre and Moore's Opera House are great to enjoy some beautiful melodies or see a play. The UH Rec Center is AMAZING. The rock wall and the outdoor leisure pool belong in a luxury resort. The cultural diversity of students is the greatest in the country. I met my husband and some of my best friends at UH, all of whom are different from me racially and culturally. We were raised on all corners of the world and were brought together at UH for our education. DINING: The cafeterias in the dorms get old after a while, but you'll never go hungry with virtually every type of food imaginable offered buffet style. The UC and UC Satellite have the expected fast food offerings like Subway, Starbucks, Chili's, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell, Chick-fil-A and Smoothie King, but UH throws in a Houston favorite with Kim Son. Eric's in the UH Hilton is run by the Hotel and Restaurant Management students and actually has a pretty decent menu. DORMS: I lived in Taub in the Quads and in Cullen Oaks Building 3. Both of my on-campus residential experiences were good ones: affordable, close to school, safe. My dorm room was small and old, but dang, my grades were great when I was living there. No frills, shared space living is good for first year students -- you make friends and you learn how little you really need to live. Once I upgraded to a 2-bedroom Cullen Oaks apartment, I got more privacy and a kitchen to cook in and life was good. I love UH and I will always be proud to be a Cougar!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,11/18/2013,141,301,3,13,10>We went on Monday, the first day they officially opened to the public, however, it wasn't a full menu. They were only serving ramen and robata items, which was fine by me.My hubby is very particular with his ramen. His favorite place is Ippudo, NYC. We have tried several places in Houston, but the only one that I would eat at again is the spicy soy at Kata Robata (though I heard Soma is also great). However, now we have two places. We tried the spicy soy and it was great. Fresh noodles definitely make a huge difference!Off the robata, we ordered the beef tongue, chicken skin, chicken gizzards, pork jaw, shrimp, eel, shiitake, and mushroom medley. Of those, I loved the chicken skin, pork jaw, and shrimp. The only thing we would ask for is for more char... but it was so packed on Monday, that I think the robata chef was a bit overwhelmed. Flavors were still great, so I'm not really complaining. With my recent disappointment with Izakaya Wa and their one-dimensional panko skewers, I was really excited to see the variety of skewers Tiger Den had to offer. This place reminded me of Hagi, NYC... minus the alcohol since Tiger Den didn't have their alcohol permit yet. The big finale..... pandan custard doughnuts. The doughnuts were basically puff pastry that was deep fried served with pandan custard.... and it was YUM! The doughnuts reminded me of beignets, but much lighter. I know my kids would've loved it and we would probably start picking up doughnuts now instead of beignets.If you can, try to grab seats at the bar... it's awesome to watch the chefs in action.  Can't wait to come back again to try the other items on the menu!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,11/17/2013,229,174,9,13,15>Bookmarked this place over a year and a half ago and finally made it out here last Saturday. First I noticed that it was smack in the middle of a neighborhood so it was hard to find at night. As soon as I stepped out the car I knew it was a hipster type/laid back place from the exterior. Outside seating was plenty(which was awesome, bc unless it's cold I love to eat outside on the patio) and I liked the benches and umbrellas too. We arrived late about 9:30-10pm so we may have missed the dinner crowd and this was perfect because I feel this may have affected our service experience. Inside the place is not really that big maybe about 6 tables and some cool decor. I arrived at the counter and was greeted by a guy with the coolest mustache ever(yes this isn't one of those fancy smacy joints, so come relaxed and not uptight). He took our order and handed us our number as we then grabbed a table outside.We started off with the Scotch eggs which were pretty damn good being that I didn't know what the heck I ordered, Ha. Turned out to be soft boiled eggs wrapped in a deep fried crust served with some kind of mustard that went well together. Next I ordered a Petro Burger with American cheese and avocado, which blew my mind because it was cooked perfect and the bun was freshly made and soft. My wife ordered the famous, drumroll please....... Rancor and yes it's just as awesome as everyone on here raves about! Now, understand that I love me some fries and handcut are the "bees knees" and these hand cut fries are what totally perfected this meal, they were cut perfectly and seasoned just right and they weren't greasy, wow!!! I was so amazed as I was indulging in this epic meal.Now I'm not a drinker so I can't really tell you about that part of the establishment but from what I saw it seemed like they had a good amount of beers on tap but then again, what do I know.I will definitely put this place in heavy rotation. Great food-check, great outdoor patio-check, cool location-check, casual to where I can wear flip flops, shorts, a Buc-ees shirt, and a ball cap-check!!! It's places like these that I enjoy the most, because I really don't like getting all dressed up and valeting a car and having to whisper while I'm having dinner. Sometimes I wanna just talk loud or say cuss words during my conversation without snooty people staring at me. Hahaha!!! Yea I'm gone be back!!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,11/16/2013,195,262,5,10,10>If your expecting those cheap drunken street tacos this isn't a place you should be seeking. The tacos here are more of a fusion of both a Mexican cuisine with the much loved Indian spices and flavor. Our order consisted of two tacos:The Texan (mild spice level) - steak marinated in spices, sauteed and served with onions, avocado, cilantro, and a baja chipotle sauce. ($3.99)The Emperor (little more on the spicy side, love it) - I honestly cannot remember everything in this, other than its much like a lamb kabob in a tortilla with an awesome amount of spices. I'm finicky with my lamb, its always hit or miss, what I can say is this place nailed it in taco form to say the lease. ($3.99) Yes the tacos are not fully dressed and covered in veggies and all the other sides we are so accustomed to seeing with tacos, but honestly I think if they had been you would have masked all the spices, and I like spicy! The Texan in all honesty tasted much like a carne asada taco, but I would imagine its a good introduction to the spices associated with this food since it is very mild. Also ordered the Chicken Vindaloo - chicken and potatoes in a spicy (you can order it extra spicy, SCORE!) curry cooked with onions, bell peppers, garlic, infused with paprika and hot chilies.  Your choice of rice and or naan ($9.99). We ended up going with the rice, this portion was plenty for us both especially after each enjoying a taco. And the extra spicy was no joke, I loved it, my partner not to so much. The service was overall good, the server seemed a bit impersonal, not sure if that was just due to age or lack of experience with the public. He was greatly lacking in the communication department when I had to ask him what he had in his hands in order to direct him to whom got what taco. The owner also paid our table a visit to see if we were enjoying the food. He was very friendly and open to all comments and feedback. Regardless this place hooked me on the spicy level that I always love about Indian food. I'm sure I'll be back to give other choices on the menu a go.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,11/15/2013,216,95,7,18,17>I don't go to the movies nearly as much as I used to, but, when I do find a movie I just have to see on the big screen, I go to Sundance in downtown.  First of all, they validate your parking when you park in the garage.  This is ONLY on the day of the receipt though.  It's part of City of Houston's reimbursement deal with Sundance.  I tried to come back to the ticket office the following day after forgetting to get it validated, and I learned this fact the hard way.Second, they have both food and a relatively full bar all of which you can bring into the movie theater with you on these handy dandy trays.  The food is nothing to write home about, but it is much better than most movie theater food and works when you don't have time to eat beforehand.Third, you can pick your seat when you buy your ticket.  No more sitting in the very front of the theater ten feet from the screen looking straight up and getting a neck cramp.  In theory, you could sit in the same place every single movie.  It's an obsessive compulsive movie goer's dream!Fourth, they have a loyalty program which goes toward earning free movies.  You get points for both your movie ticket and your food.  Last, they have a nice mix of independent and major releases.  Sometimes you don't want to see the obscure foreign film that 10 people in Houston have seen.  Sometimes super heroes and vampires fit the bill.  Hey at least you have the option!Thanks Sundance for making my very occasional and random movie experiences more enjoyable.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,11/14/2013,22,137,3,9,4>Saw this restaurant has opened.  It moved into the building previously operated by two other bars/restaurants.  Very nice decor with nice size patio.  They are open for lunch and dinner and late nights on the weekends.  Full service bar inside, and looks like full bar on patio too (not open when I stopped in).  It indicates they have gourmet burgers.  In addition to the burgers, you can find salads, chicken sandwiches, hot dogs also.  The menu is quite extensive as to toppings and burger combinations.  In fact my mouth is still watering after seeing the menu.I got the Korean Chicken sandwich.  The chicken was grilled and tasted great, no spices on the chicken that was overpowering.  It has kimchi and a spicy mayo on a poppy bun.  I am sure you can change the breading (there were a lot of different types on the menu).  The sandwich was good, I would prefer more spice, but I got it to go and will remember next time.I got some fried onions and peppers.  It was really tasty, not too much breading and the onions were red onions, so not a harsh bit.  They have fries (waffle and regular and sweet potato).  I will have to try the waffle fries and burger next visit.  (I also saw a bacon wrapped dog, which is DEFINITELY on my mind).Super friendly service, both at the bar and rest of staff.  They have televisions throughout the restaurant with open tables.  Sound echos, but i think it is because the walls are kind of bare at this time, but I had no problem hearing the people I was with.Cannot wait to try it again.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,11/13/2013,156,153,3,5,11>So I finally made it out to Simone and got to meet some peeps from Yelp thanks to Olivia K being the 'instigator' and all. I'm glad she chose this place for her UYE because it ended up being right up my alley- good food, cheap but GOOD wine, and a chic and laid back (but not divey) atmosphere. I ordered from the HH menu and started with a $15 bottle of wine. I asked our server Andrea for a recc between the Grigio and the Noir (I love me some red but when it's HOT out I usually go with white). She said their house HH Grigio was really good, so I went with that.Great choice. It was a great wine and didn't taste 'housey' at all. I had most of the bottle but split with the bf. He thought it was good too.We ordered 2 HH pizzas- the Chorizo and the Goat Cheese. Both were good. Simple. Crispy crust. Eaten in the car on the way to our next stop. We were hungry and we had to leave...Simone's is a cute place with good service and good wine. It can work for a date night or a girl's night out, or anything in between.  I'll be back for sure.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,11/12/2013,387,597,3,6,7>We went for HRW 2013.Wow. I was suspicious. Their HRW week menu seemed TOO good to be true. There were a lot of choices (5-6 choices each for appetizers AND entree) they even had their infamous signature dish, the Churrasco on the menu. Plus dessert. All for $35? No way. The appetizers are FULL portions. And it's a LOT of food. We got the polenta crab spoons that were so rich and delicious. It was a really unique dish, never had anything like it. My ceviche came in a pineapple and it was really fresh and nicely marinated. The entrees are generally full portions, the Churrasco is a 6 ounce steak (normally starts at 8 ounces for $37), but you can upgrade $7 per two ounces. I chose to upgrade. Wise decision. It's AH-MAZING. The steak is juicy and well seasoned.It's so tender you can cut it with a butter knife. One of the best steaks I've ever had, ever. The red snapper was a huge portion with potatoes and it was just so fresh and flakey and all sorts of wonderful. They even brought out complimentary vegetables and rice. The vegetables had these awesome plantains and yucca. The dessert portions are also generous. Tres leches is really that good. It's as good as everyone says it is. Service was phenomenal. The waitstaff really knew their menu. I was just not a fan of the mixed drink (mojito). It was all rum, normally not a bad thing, but it just wasn't drinkable. A place I will take people from out of town wanting a good steak and a unique place. Phenomenal. Brava, Houston, brava. Highly recommend trying out this Houston Restaurants Weeks menu!!!
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2013,11/11/2013,543,497,12,16,12>I must confess that I don't have any Thai friends or acquaintances.  Outside of my professional life, I rarely, to my knowledge, even run into Thai people.  I am not sure that out of all the Asian people I have had the pleasure of ever meeting and having conversations with, and hanging out with, any of them were ever Thai.  With that preface, seeing this business in my neck of the woods intrigued me to the fullest.  Considering that I am ignorant of most things Thai, I had no idea what I should order, or expect for that matter, when I walked through the doors of this business.  I noticed that the place was roomy and the décor was not overbearing by any means.  I also noticed that they sold their sauces, which means they probably are well liked.  I definitely looked at the staff to see if the staff was at least Asian, and that checked out.  I figured if I want authentic tasting food, people from there would give me the best chance of such an experience.  I also checked to see if Asian people were eating there, and that checked out as well.  I showed up slightly after noon, and there was constant traffic for pick up orders, and the place was pretty much packed.  That all pointed to a possibly delicious experience.Since I had no idea what to get, I asked the staff what they recommended.  They gave plenty of suggestions based on what basis I wanted to eat.  What I mean by that, is they suggested items if I wanted to eat rice, or if I wanted to eat noodles, or if I wanted some tofu pad thingy something.  Tofu mentioned, mind wandered away for a moment, and came back when the trigger words "choice of meats" entered into the fray!  I settled for, what the server said was really popular there, red curry.L8. Red Curry Choice of meat prepared with red curry paste, peas, coconut milk, bamboo shoots, carrots and basil. I am not certain why one would choose to take away the food source of a panda by including bamboo shoots into their recipe, but let's just do that curry with beef.  I was informed that a crispy vegetable roll came with the order, as well as the soup of the day, which happened to be chicken soup.  I was asked what level I wanted my spice, and I guess the blank look of confusion that came across my face made the server suggest they keep the spice level at one, and they can give me the spice to make it spicier if I choose to.  I definitely like that idea.  I like taste, and not spice, so letting me spice it up, if I choose to was cool to me.  I opted to not wait for a table and got the order to go, and was told it would be a 10 minute wait.  Maybe 5 minutes later I had my meal in hand.The meal itself was interesting.  That soup had no wow factor.  The broth was not super flavorful, but the soup itself was definitely freshly made.  The veggies still had some crisp to it and everything.  There were much chicken chunks throughout as well.  I was pleasantly surprised that the crispy veggie roll was as tasteful as it was.  I wish I had about 10 of them, instead of the 1 that is given, so I could keep dipping that thing inside that delicious sauce that came with the dish.  Let's talk about the entrée...this red curry thingy.  They milked coconuts to make this meal, along with taunted pandas, and I am glad they did.  I am a sucker for flavor, and this Thai food was flavorful to say the least.  With the texture of all of the different ingredients adding another dimension to the curry, this was definitely a pleasurable experience for my tongue.    Why would anyone want to add spice just to make their mouth burn and sweat while eating?  To each man his own I guess?!?  All in all, I am pleased with Thai food.  This place has questionable pricing, but all in all the lunch special is definitely a good value.  Two people can be content eating off the portion I was given to go.  There are a couple of items on the menu that I do want to try, so I will have to go back.  Give this place a try.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,11/10/2013,19,66,7,7,5>If you having food problems I feel bad for you sonI got 99 problems but Uchi ain't one------------Surprising amount of divisive opinions about this one. Noticed some complaints about the sushi... gosh, you folks are a riot. All the sushi joints in Houston and you go to Uchi for your nigiri fix? I thought it was about experiencing their innovative omakase tastings, the thing that earned them their reputation... but what the heck do I know.Friend of ours dined at Uchi on a prior occasion, so my BF and I let him guide us through dinner. Smarties that we are, we decided to come during happy hour to take advantage of cheap sake and discounted seafood. This is a MUST if you can make the hours. Don't remember exact prices, but items such as the walu walu were at least 50% off. Big fat YES. Also, you have much better chances of finding parking. I don't do valet unless I absolutely have to, so the availability of street parking was an added bonus.I'm not going to go into too much detail, but the standouts of our meal were the machi cure, hamachi nabe, walu walu, and brussel sprouts.Yeah, you heard me. The $6 bowl of charred, unassuming baby cabbages was an unexpected hit. Yelp was spot on about this one.And the walu walu? Don't be fooled by its simplicity. We liked it so much we ordered it twice... though my friend warned us not to consume too much, as the fatty Hawaiian fish doesn't play nice with your bowels later on. Ahem.In the end, we split three different desserts among the 3 of us. One of them reminded me of those Terry's Orange Chocolate balls; one of them I don't even remember except it had an unusual foam on top (the ash sorbet, perhaps?); and the third one was, of course, the fried milk. It wasn't even a competition at that point. I'd heard so much about the fried milk that the other two desserts couldn't possibly have held up to the expectations.We had a great evening at Uchi. Our server was legit and all the wait staff who interacted with us took the time to explain the dish and guide us in how we should tackle said offering. As someone whose idea of dinner consists of an all-too-predictable ratio of meat:starch:veg, I welcomed the nudge in the right direction. Dinner with drinks for 3 came out to ~$60/person. In this case, a definitely justifiable dinner for a cheap ass such as myself.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2013,11/8/2013,210,276,5,12,10>So combine one of my least favorite things with one of my favorite things and you got Caps and corks. I hate the Mall but I love beer so when I have to go to the mall this place is a life saver. They have a decent selection of beer in cans and bottles. Some craft beers and plenty of domestics. They also offer an ok selection of wine as well as frozen margaritas(made with real alcohol not wine). There are 3 flat screens for sports as well. Why not chill here while your significant other shops. Or even more amazing is the fact that you can get your drink to go and walk around the mall with it! Shopping at the mall is much improved with a cold drink in hand. The staff is friendly and you can even bring in food from the food court to eat with your drink. I say this is a cool idea and the prices are even decent.  They also have free WIFI
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,11/7/2013,299,150,8,9,8>ok guys, so I HAD to find this place this morning!  I was nearly floored when I walked in and my eyes were immediately drawn like a magnet to the sausage kolaches - Prasek's Sausage?!?!?!  Are my eyes deceiving me? Is it a figment of my imagination?  No, no, no, not at all. It's true, I have found the one and only place so far in Houston to serve real kolaches with real sausage and not those stupid little smokeys.  Now I don't have to go back home to enjoy Prasek's Sausage kolaches because they are here; wonderful and delicious dough surrounding big hunks of czech sausage.  I was in hog heaven, no pun intended.I took one dozen asst donuts as well as well as a dozen filled donut holes, and apple fritter for a coworker and 4 sausage & cheese kolaches for myself & my co-worker.  The donuts were a hit.  Oh yeah, and I can't forget to mention the bright beautiful colors that surrounded me when I walked in; there were donuts in all different colors, all so festive.  The guys were great and very friendly; one guy even brought the filled holes to me so I could snap a pic, lol.  AWESOME!I am definitely going back for kolaches and I must try the devils food donut holes too.  If you're in the area or drive through the area, stop by and try this place out.  Definitely worth it!
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,11/6/2013,155,207,1,18,13>Best macarons in Houston. No joke.Bite Macarons just opened a few days ago, so my hubby and I decided to check it out this weekend. Located in the West University Kroger shopping complex on Buffalo Speedway and Westpark, the bakery is situated in a prime location with plenty of parking spots. The storefront itself is beautifully modern, clean, and sophisticated with some indoor and outdoor seating in which to enjoy your sweets. The display counter showcases the macarons' gorgeous colors, and an equally impressive window offers a view into the busy kitchen. What's really awesome is that their macarons are each distinct in flavor and color (unlike some places in Houston which sell versions that all taste the same). You have your flavors ranging from your standard vanilla, chocolate, and coffee all the way to your jasmine, passionfruit, and honey lavender. My favorites though are the pistachio, raspberry, earl grey, and sea salt caramel. They're not too tooth-achingly sweet, and their texture is perfectly chewy. Sure, their price is a little steep at $2.25 a piece, but that's quite comparable to other macaron joints in the area. They also make impressive gifts - at $25 for a dozen, these pretty confections are packaged in a beautifully modern black box. And don't forget to try their coffees (their iced caramel latte and iced mocha were yumm-o)! Although they're still experiencing some growing pains (their store is still a little under-decorated and they sold out of macarons on their first day of business), I think Bite Macarons has a bright future ahead of them. We'll definitely return on a regular basis!Tip: they're planning to offer other French pastries soon (and special order cakes), so be on the lookout for that in the near future!
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,11/5/2013,413,275,5,7,6>I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at Andalucia. I've never been to Spain but this is what I imagine the Spanish look and feel is - rustic furniture, painting of a toreador and bull on the wall and flamenco dancers for entertainment. We sat right under the toreador and bull painting - it brought on urges to play running with friends. If you've never played, download it now! It's super addicting.However, I had to overcome that urge since it was a friend's birthday. The flamenco performers asked the audience if there were any birthdays in the audience. There were two, another guest and my friend. They brought them both up to dance with them for one song. Love how they engage with the crowd!The sangria wasn't very strong but it was delicious! $9 a glass or $30 a pitcher that serves 4 glasses. Tryna keep it classy tonight so I only indulged in one glass.... and a half (stole the bfs). The waitress recommended 2-3 tapas per person. Tapas are appetizer / snack dishes that are meant to be shared. They come hot or cold. Kinda like Spanish Dim Sum.Between the bf and I, we ordered 5 and it was the perfect amount. We got the Empanadillas de res (Beef tenderloin ragu in a puff pastry shell), Espinicas de alicante (sauteed spinach with raisins and pine nuts), tortilla espanola con chorizo (spanish potato omlette with chorizo), torta de cangrejo (crab cakes with citrus butter), cola de buey (braised oxtail). How did I remember all of this?? Welll......We had no idea what to expect the food to look like when it came out. Have no fear, Asian girl who loves taking pictures of food to document, collage, and instagram is here!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,11/4/2013,6,64,2,10,6>Cool new bar from the owners of Black Hole coffee shop. Nice atmosphere, nice decor, and friendly bartenders. I went on grand opening night, so the drink selection was very limited. The decor is really cool, and they have a good number of couches and tables. I'll definitely be back again to see what they have to drink-wise. Parking is tough pretty much anywhere downtown, so get there early if you don't want to have to pay for it. I'll update this when they get a full drink menu, but what I saw was great!
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,11/3/2013,320,212,6,11,13>This is one of those spots that after being there for an hour you realize that you are having a great time, but don't remember deciding that this would be the choice.So...the drinks are very strong and they are cheap. The crowd is...ummm...interesting. On my first visit some months ago, I found myself literally sitting next to a mature gentleman that had an oxygen bottle and was playing Angry Birds on his tablet. I have also seen the 'hipsters' of the community stroll through having a blast. There is a drag show with Ann-Marie and she is a hoot. However, Tony's is pretty much known for their strippers - some of which can be a little rough around the edges, but aren't most strippers (gay or straight)? A good thing that I like about Tony's is that you can go there and not feel like you are a) being hustled by the strippers or b) being hit on by others. The view of downtown Houston from the upstairs patio is breathtaking and a great place to enjoy a drink away from the boys on stage. This is a low-key kinda spot and everyone is welcome - gay, straight, male, female or in between. It is just a good time.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2013,11/2/2013,251,161,11,11,11>Little brown jug, don't I love thee!        Ha, ha, ha, you and me,        Little brown jug, don't I love thee!    'Tis you that makes me friends and foes,    'Tis you that makes me wear old clothes;    But, seeing you're so near my nose,    Tip her up and down she goes. When that song was written in 1836 it must have been scribed by a prophet who knew the jug totin' nation who would need stores that specialize in our boozin' needs.My first run in with a Growler's product was for my birthday in March. We were doing a BYOB restaurant and my guy knowing I'm partial to the amazing elixir that is craft beer, picked up 2 64 oz growlers of 8th wonder for me. The beer was amazing! Since, I've had the pleasure of trying a 120 oz of No Label 1st Street and tried a 64 oz last night of Brooklyn Blast. Not looking for a growler? They have a beer case with a nifty selection of not-usually-sold-in-stores beer. I picked up a Delirium Nocturnum last night to go with my B.B. because there is something about that ceramic bottle that appeals to me. The tap is a slow drip so be patient while you wait. It will be worth it.The staff was helpful and we chatted just a bit about the different beers they have on tap, though the board in front of you is pretty detailed and comprehensive. The growlers that you buy, at a very affordable cost I might add, are reusable but need to be washed prior to bringing them in. They do have that super cool water flushing system but it's not a sanitation station so unless you want to get sick- wash it good, wash it real good.Would you like to pull an ultimate lush move? Buy a purse like koozie for your growler. They make them to fit the biggins but they also have a double trouble one for your 32 oz'ers. This must be for the women because we do love accessories.Growler's you've done a damn good job of supplying me craft brew when I need it most.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,11/1/2013,193,129,14,17,14>Houston has a new BBQ joint to be proud of!!I checked out this place on the glowing reviews of some of my most trusted Yelpers when it comes to barbecue (i.e. Jeffrey C., Mike W., Alexander W.). I came here last weekend on a Saturday morning at their pop-up next to their new building. Arrived at 10:30 AM and probably had no more than 15 or 20 people in front of me. There was a huge shade tree and gentle breeze which made the wait quite pleasant - and lucked out they actually had a keg with free beer (doubt they always have that!). The smell that was wafting toward the crowd while we waited was amazing - I could not help but think to myself that if the meats tasted as good as they smelled, I would be a happy happy man.I know some other reviewers lamented that there was only one person cutting the meats, but I did not mind at all...because on the day I was there it was Ronnie Killen himself who was serving everything up. I really appreciated that it was the genius himself out there in the summer heat hard at work serving people - I'm sure it's a luxury that won't last too much longer when they move into their permanent home, so enjoy that privilege while you can.I got fatty brisket, the beef ribs, and sausage. They take credit card via Square as well which was a plus. The brisket was very, very good. Beautiful bark and the meat was perfectly fatty, juicy and moist, just like I expected. But the real winner here was the beef rib. OMG. It was heaven in my mouth! I really can't explain it well in words...the burst of flavors, smokiness, texture of the meat, and just the right amount of fat. Absolutely ridiculous. My mind was seriously blown as I chewed and savored each morsel. I would say this is close to the best beef rib I've ever had...closely edging out the beef ribs I've had at Black's in Lockhart which was my previous favorite. It's easy to see why these ribs won Ronnie Killen first place at this year's Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo Best Bites competition.I would say this is the best BBQ in Houston...and it's nice to know that because of Killen's, Houston no longer needs to take a back seat to other Texas cities when it comes to BBQ. Highly recommended. You will not be disappointed!
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,10/31/2013,223,269,14,16,13>As a disclaimer, I was going to give Moeller's a four-star rating regardless of anything else I tried there after a bite of their white cake with vanilla frosting. Wow. Whether you're looking for a perfect sugar rush or rush of nostalgia, Moeller's has you covered. The cake was perfectly moist and had the most divine crumb I have encountered in a cake not of the pound variety in ages. The vanilla buttercream brought back my best memories of birthday parties and getting my "birthday cake" on my brother's birthday for many years. I'm surprised more people didn't have a similar tradition, honestly. Since enjoying a slice of that cake, Moeller's has been at the top of my list of destinations to try. I've recently decided to start eating like I care about my insides so I've balked the last couple of times I considered going. Mother's Day provided the perfect opportunity to celebrate with some treats so I moseyed on over.Forget all those bakeries with their perfect, sexy dollops of frosting on cupcakes and lavender-rose-lemongrass macarons that add to your guilt because of the conspicuous and ridiculous consumption of spending $5 on a mini-mojito cupcake. This is where you come if you're in the mood for apple pie or cupcakes or cinnamon rolls. In other words, here are a REAL woman's treats.The Petit Fours seemed to be a must so I ordered a half-dozen. They are as pretty and dainty as the cakes you see laid out with tea in Victorian paintings. I would have begged to come here all the time as a little girl had I grown up in Houston. What I was unprepared for, however, was how incredibly sweet they are. Just scanning my other reviews reveals that I am not a woman who shies away from sugar. My parents couldn't handle the sweetness and I thought I couldn't either after the first bite. I should have just stopped while I was ahead (after the second bite) because I fell prey to their lure and ate the rest of the half-dozen. D'OH.After that embarrassing revelation, I may as well go full-confessional and mention the orange rolls and apple slice I bought as well. The apple slice was very good. The apples were so fresh and while it was also very sweet, I came here because I was seeking that sort of sweetness. I loved that the pastry highlighted the apples more than the pastry itself. The orange rolls were delightful. The citrus cut the richness of the rolls perfectly and they weren't too sweet. They were the perfect Sunday morning treat. My parents absconded with the rolls back to North Texas. *tear*Admittedly, I was expecting my order to be less expensive given the other reviews but with all those petit fours, it may make sense. I still wouldn't call Moeller's a steal as implied in other reviews, however. I was chatting with a regular customer in line and she told me the carrot cake was the best in town and the best deal at the bakery for $6 a loaf. She got the last loaf though! I'll definitely be back to investigate it if I'm not distracted by the vanilla cupcakes or yes, those petit fours.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,10/30/2013,61,126,7,13,10>WOOFTASTIC! This park is comfortably local with plenty of shade for those hot summer days. This park also has many friendly and welcoming regulars as well as frequent strangers, so your dog will always have old and new friends. Unfortunately many dog parks in Houston are overflowing with dog poop due to irresponsible owners, but TC Jester dog park is one of the only ones I have been to that is kind to the shoes. If you are interested in giving this petite dog park a visit i would highly recommend weekday evenings (6-8pm) or weekend mornings (7-9am).
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,10/29/2013,17,227,6,16,8>Run, don't walk, to Cypress Breakfast House. And then be prepared to wait for a table if you are there for breakfast on the weekend.  No call ahead seating: bummer - but don't worry, the wait will probably be around 20 - 30 mins. I loved the coffee.  You are served your coffee and water in carafes, so you needn't flag down a waitress when your java is low. The water glasses are real glass! and hold about 8 oz or so, which, if you know me at all, impresses me greatly.  No more big gulp tacky scratched up water glasses for me, if I can hep it. Such a turn off. That screams 'lazy and cheap'  to me. I had a standard two egg, hash brown, bacon and toast breakfast. The eggs tasted farm fresh and were perfectly cooked. Hash browns, not greasy and very potato-ey.  Bacon - thick slab cut and meaty.  The sourdough toast I ordered was thick and buttered, YUMMY.  My husband had a breakfast sandwich that was piled so high with scrambled eggs, and it filled his belly just fine. He said the scrambled eggs would have done his momma proud.  Scrambled eggs are one of the two things his momma could cook.  So that was really saying something.  Also he mentioned the tomato tasted garden fresh, not plastic and under-ripe like those in most other places. The service was stellar, even the teenage boy who seated us was friendly. It's nice to see a non-surly teenager in the service industry, doncha think? The bathrooms were pretty clean, not smelly or dirty, which is a definite plus in my book. Our waitress was cheerful, and the manager came by to check on us.  All in all we had a very positive experience, the food was great  and we can't wait to take our neighbors here and also to tell everyone about it.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,10/28/2013,115,296,8,15,12>Friday night. We are not 20 something but we are also not lame. We also need a drink but we don't need the douchey-ness or crowds. Oh and we don't want to fight for parking. So here we are at Camerata, the perfect solution to unWINEd. I was seated at the bar and the bartender/sommelier and I exchanged some pleasantries. He asked red or white and after 3 tastes, we were matched with a full bodied Syrah. I later googled the $35 bottle we enjoyed and it was rated at 91+! Mark up isn't bad either. Just generally like the vibe if the place. Will be back.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,10/27/2013,125,603,9,12,10>Hai Nam! How are you doing?Do any of you that live near/frequent the Northwest side especially the "249" corridor notice a spike in Asian, particularly Vietnamese restaurants popping up?  That is a good thing, more variety, better competition, lower prices etc.  Well here is the newest contender that took place to the closed down Pho Cong Ly.  I was saddened when Pho Cong Ly closed down since this was the closest restaurant to me that served Pho with the whole line of meats, not just "steak flank and meatballs" like some of the new ones that opened around.  This closing down meant a 5 minute trek towards the busy Pho Vinh where you have to jocky for parking and lucky if you can get a table during peak lunch times.I drove by a few weeks ago and surprised to see it opened so quick.  When did they remodel this, while I was asleep at 2 a.m.?  It was like night this opened and promptly did a u-turn.  The parking lot is still a little trashy, neighborhood surrounding is still scary and that stinky dumpster on the left side of the building lets you know as you walk up to the door that "Hey! I'm still here too!".Once you walk inside you will see THE CHANGE.  No longer is that television there to greet you by the door assimulating that it is a divider wall from the smoking section to the left vs the 2nd hand smokers to the right.  It's all non smoking, brighter inside and they changed out all of the ceiling tiles.  All of that whiteness believe it or not does make a difference as far as cleanliness.  The floor needed not be changed since it was done right via ceramic medium gray tile.  Menu, the one thing mother pointed out here that not many other Pho places offer is the boiled chicken.  This did not catch my eye since to me boiled is like soup but there is something for everybody here.  The menu is new, clean and uncluttered.  If you were one of the charter customers here your coke or tea was free with your meal, that is no more.Appetizers, they have the regular selection of egg rolls here including one that you might not be familiar with which is a "fruit roll".  I did not order this since I could not fathom apples, pears, oranges deep fried in a won ton skinned starter.  This changed my mind when a sample was brought to the table without asked.  Wow, those things are good!  You cannot identify clearly what is inside but I was wrong thinking it was an apple, orange, pineapple, blueberry concoction made up.  There seemed to be baby shrimps in there with some light mayo/creme innerds deep fried with a side cause of mystery Hai Nam calling.  You must try this at least, it's only about $2.75 if I can remember.The Pho' here as far as taste ranks up towards the top.  There is a .50 cent difference from the small and the large so you might as well go big or go home.  There are all of your favorite cuts here especially my favorites of fatty flank and tendon.The pork plate with rice has a really good flavor as well.  You get a 3 or 5 item plate which will fill your stomach no matter what  you get.  I believe these items as being fried tofu, fish cake, shredded pork, a micro salad with dressing, pork, egg cake and something else I think I missed.Dessert!  They have that coveted red tapioca that not many places offer, I'm in love.  Also in addition to this business they put a cooler out by the cash register where you can order a small variation of your jelly/tapioca/coconut desserts.Service!  Really above average for your cookie cutter Pho' place.  I sat there and watched two different days them wait six feet from the door to greet the customers as they walk in.  That makes a difference.  The owner is very nice, shy but nice.  One peculiar thing, there is a small television on the left side of the restaurant but it is hardly on, why Hai why?I'm so glad that a combination of good food and service has risen right near my residence and challenge you to differ by making a visit here and experience the goodness that these people have erected on the corner of 249 and in between Bammel North Houston/Fallbrook.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,10/26/2013,200,348,5,10,7>OH. MY. GOD. CLOUD 10 JUST MIGHT PUT ALL THE ICE CREAM SHOPS IN HOUSTON OUT OF BUSINESS. Seriously, so freaking good!!!My boyfriend and I first encountered Chris Leung's creations at Kata Robata. We had a mango and vanilla bean dessert that we still dream about to this day. We even call Kata occasionally to see if it's back on the menu! As soon as we heard about Cloud 10, we were anxiously waiting for it to open. I happen to stumble upon their "soft opening" Facebook post, so we came by immediately. Parking near the shop is hard to find and the line was out the door. They have two TV screens at the top so the people in line can see all their regular and seasonal flavors. It gives you something to do while you're in line. HahaWe tried Nutella marshmallow and toasted rice (supposedly Chris Leung's two favorite flavors). Nutella marshmallow tasted exactly like a Ferrero Rocher and toasted rice is a perfect flavor for Asian parents - not too sweet but still creamy! I can't get over how good the ice cream is!!!! Imagine the scoops of ice cream you get on a dish at a fancy restaurant.. You usually only get a scoop or two. But here, you can get all you want at a reasonable price!I'm excited to go back and try all their other flavors. Yes, ALL OF THEM. :D
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,10/25/2013,319,181,6,10,7>Okay my experience here may be from another perspective because I believe it was the first time they had Karaoke the night that I was there. This place has some excellent wine selections. To top it off they will let you taste as many wines as you want before you place your order. The service was excellent with absolutely nothing to complain about. As a yelper, I checked in and took advantage of their yelp deal and although by the time I was ready to leave, I was too happy to remember the yelp deal; the waitress did not forget and totally took care of it on my ticket. This place has a dark atmosphere with great seating and even sofas in certain areas to lounge. The music was excellent with a mix of jazz, R&B and soft classic rock. And then IT happened. KARAOKE time.Okay so you mix Karaoke with Wine and you are sure to have one of the best nights of your life. It was incredibly fun. I have only one issue here and that is the restrooms. Yes they are clean but they are extremely small. Especially the standing stall. You almost have to go in sideways just to fit in. (Don't try to picture it.) They have a limited food selection but of what they have it's plenty of tasty. Just enough to pair with some great wines that they make on site. Drink Well & Prosper!
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,10/24/2013,108,106,12,16,8>Oh you Yelp! huh... You need this. I'm just like you. Those Sweetbreads and brownwater cocktails will catch up brother. You need to stay tight like a tiger. Don't lie... you suck it in when you get out of the shower. It's OK- I did it too. District H fundamentally changed me. TO THE REVIEW!District H is really as good as it gets. I have been involved in athletics since I was young. I wasn't always a star athlete, but I was active and involved. I vividly remember running and lifting with a coach blowing a whistle. That shit motivated me. But then... The whistles stopped. Yup- College ended, no more intramurals. All of that competitive energy just kinda gets forced to die out. You get to lift in silence next to other people who have earbuds jammed into their ears. Lame. District H is community, always changing, never boring, real-world movements. You talk, you compete (or dont), you look forward to seeing your friends. It's like adult recess. You heard that Crossfit is dangerous? Well, I can't speak for anywhere else, but at District H you will be coached. Form is stressed. There are people everywhere that have been there for a while that will help you keep your form at the top of mind. That was hugely important to me- it should be to you. It's what you're paying for. Class sizes fluctuate. Sometimes they get pretty busy. Make sure you come in and talk to Ben or Joe before you start... Actually, just show up. YOU GET A FREE WEEK FATTY!Facts:-I was 265lbs and a size 41 waist the first day I walked into District H and I hadn't worked out (really worked out) in years. -I was so out of shape I was mortally afraid of throwing up after 5 minutes. So much so that I brought my own bucket... just to diffuse that fear. -Within 5 months I had dropped to a size 36 waist and was down to 240. It's not about lbs though, I was in shape. I felt so much better. I enjoyed my food more. Overall- I have never spent money more wisely than the fees at District H. No matter how fat you are, how scared you are, how many excuses you have "I'll just start by losing some weight by jogging and dieting before I go over there", no matter what your friend said about Crossfit. Go talk to Ben. Be brave. Step out and make a change. You will thank yourself. "Most of the problems with the bodies and minds of the folks occupying the current culture involve an unwillingness to do anything hard, or anything that they'd rather not do. I applaud your resolve, and I welcome you to the community of people who have decided that EASY will no longer suffice".
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,10/23/2013,102,148,8,8,12>I don't know a lot about beer.  I rarely drink the stuff.  Unless people bring it over to my place or it's Friday at work and we have a michelada breakfast ... the jobs have us do meetings here during the week ... so why am I giving this place cinco stars, well for me as a non frequent beer drinker, I like the stuff the make here, many options on flavors based on the hops, you taking notes?  you see if you take the tour they'll explain the variety of ingredients giving the tasty elixir it's robust intense flavor ... but I wont bore you with those details, see store for more info ... what's great about the place is the attentive beer tenders and the service of the personnel, it's akin to hanging out with your hippie friends .... again as this is a work thing I have no idea how much this costs and suchoh and they offer food or you can bring in your own .... what else could you want?  exactly, nothing!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,10/22/2013,154,362,3,9,9>With the opening of their new Heights location, I will never have to drive down South Shepherd again and subject myself to unnecessary honking by noobie drivers who are annoyed that I am trying to take a left turn into Torchy's. (Btw, everyone knows you drive in the right lane on South Shepherd to avoid getting stuck behind left turning cars.)Anyhooooow. Let's start with their biggest plus: parking! Parking is aplenty here. There is a parking lot in the back and plenty of street parking nearby. There is even a convenient little door in the back to come in from. The other plus is no traffic in the area! 19th is a sleepy, little street in the Heights, so you can find parking without feeling rushed.Another incentive to come here over their Shepherd location: a full bar!Knowing where to line up is confusing, as the line is not immediately visible from the front or back doors. If walking in through the front door, take a right behind the booths.  If walking in through the back door, walk past the booths on the left and make a left just past them.The staff is new I think, so they aren't as knowledgeable about the food selection, but I imagine with time, they will know all there is to know about Torchy's tacos.There isn't a lot of outdoor seating, but it does exist. I tried one of their migas breakfast tacos for the first time, and like anything Torchy's, it hit the spot. (Thanks for my free taco, btw!) Not sure if I would ever come again for breakfast though.Torchy's is a welcome addition to the Heights, especially 19th Street, and it's certainly helping with the revival of the Heights.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,10/21/2013,556,161,8,12,8>To anyone who ever thought that pub food was nothing more than salty peanuts, crappy sliders, or fish sticks passed off as fish and chips... I think it's time you visit Queen Vic Pub. I often say, "It's not that you don't like it, you've just never had it done the right way." Let me tell you, Queen Vic does EVERYTHING just right.The food, the drinks, the service. The all-around quality of Queen Vic is so nice, it almost makes me consider not getting wasted there (almost) (just kidding?). This place does British cuisine great justice. To say it's Indian/English fusion is a stretch. Indian influence is naturally prevalent in English food and curry is common in pubs. During my first visit, I had a wonderful cocktail and sampled the Shepherd's Pie and Fish & Chips. I didn't realize something as simple as Fish & Chips could make my eyes roll back. The batter stuck perfectly to the delicate, flaky cod. The chips were addicting. The Shepherd's Pie was comforting and had an intense depth of flavor. I detected a hint of curry or Indian spice in there somewhere. In my last visit I tried the Queen's Curry (a scotch egg using ground lamb, in curry masala served with naan bread), and my first ever Bangers and Mash. I've never had a Scotch Egg before. It was very yummy but I guess I'm not a huge fan of boiled eggs. My boyfriend loved it though. The Bangers and Mash on the other hand.... I think I may have ruined myself for life. I will forever have to get my Bangers and Mash from Queen Vic. It was sinfully rich. The wild boar sausages were so tasty and had that snap that only good sausages have. The confit onion and shiraz demi glaze came together so deliciously and the mash was a great bed for all of it.Our waitress was on point the whole time, not intrusive but never missing, a real breath of fresh air. I can only rave about this place. Not experiencing this gem of a place would be you doing a disservice to yourself. Finding it can be a pain though. Just keep an eye out for the animal hospital sign with the cat on it and get ready to have a jolly good time.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,10/20/2013,101,74,18,12,14>1: "Who Made The Cake?"2: "Yes."1: "No, Who Made The Cake?"2: "That's what I said."1: "No Abott and/or Costello, who made the freaking delicious cake at this wedding?"2: "Who Made The Cake?"1: "That's what I am asking you, you...ah, nevermind. I'll ask (person 3)."1: "Who Made The Cake?"3: "I know, right!"1: [Throws cake][Food fight ensues]To avoid this at your wedding, just answer with "Nadine Moon of a place called 'Who Made The Cake.'" And as you can see by all 5 of the stars above, she really...takes the cake [drum-roll].If you are looking for the cheapest cake in town, this probably isn't the place. But if you are looking for the tastiest, best looking cake, and an incredibly dependable and consistent product? This should be the cake for you.4 times out of 4 it arrived with great fanfare for Muneezeh K. (...er, I guess Muneezeh C. now after the wedding!) and I. "What lavish and extravagant Yelpers those two are, straight out of that Gatsby book/film" I'm sure you thought to yourself, picturing us surrounded by 4 cakes at our wedding/cake eating festival. And while a cake eating festival sounds awesome, we only had two cakes at our wedding (large, tiered bride and smaller groom). However, almost a year prior, Nadine delivered 2 delicious cakes for my sister-in-law and her husband.No doubt the star of all four cakes was my groom's cake (no bias, this was unanimously confirmed). Chocolate cake with chocolate-mint filling--which included CRUSHED UP ANDES MINTS! It was actually MORE awesome than it sounds.Of the large, tiered wedding cakes, our personal favorite was the raspberry w/raspberry filling and cream cheese frosting. But each layer was almost equally excellent.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,10/19/2013,424,539,10,15,14>What to say about this dilapidated shack in the middle of Acre Homes....other than it was a great old-fashioned hamburger!!!Yeah, the area is not very nice despite being just north of Garden Oaks.  You can really tell once you've cross the line judging by the homes. I'm guessing that's why there's been only two yelp reviews even though Robb Walsh mentioned this in his Top100 joints in Houston.I guess let's start with the basics.  There's just a shack and a lot, no seating area.  So you either eat in the car or take it to-go.  It'll take about 15 minutes to make your burger, so you can call ahead of time if you're in a hurry.They have your basic old-fashioned burgers, with none of this fancy akaushi beef or foie gras as a topping with duck fat fries.  I ordered the cheeseburger with the works (onions, lettuce, mayo, mustard). Since I got the combo, I got a side of fries and a can of Sprite. Total was $8! If I wanted to be super cheap, I would have just ordered the cheeseburger for just $4!Fries: what a hot mess. Big, soggy fries that were peppered and splashed with ketchup (I'm guess they don't have packets).  But you know what, they weren't that bad once I started eating my burger with them.Burger: it's not your fancy looking burger.  Bun is smashed, and the wax paper is soaking up the grease. But don't judge a book by its cover!  As I took eat bite, I just kept wanting more! The generously seasoned patty, mixed in with the mayo and mustard, really kept the basics of a burger alive and enjoyable. Towards the end, I even took the Lord's name in vain, as I couldn't believe how much I liked this burger!Maybe it was the thrill of trying a hole in the wall place, coupled with eating it fresh in the car, and the grease that made this quite a treat.Overall, I'd give it 3.7 stars. I enjoyed it more than a Fuddruckers or other chain burger place, but it still didn't surpass my favorite joints.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,10/18/2013,140,180,7,7,5>Local Foods, I wish you were more local to me! Their Crunchy Chicken, Duck Confit, and Asian Chicken Salad are my favorites. The pretzel bun used on some of the sandwiches is definitely the star. My mom even tried to buy a bag of the buns to bring home. Yeah, they don't do that. I'm also not too crazy about their sides. They taste 'too healthy' and probably are, so I usually request a double serving of the homemade chips.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,10/17/2013,100,119,6,12,7>I practice in this studio a couple times a week and really enjoy it. Recently, they just expanded; adding another yoga room. The layout of their rooms, the reception area, the instructors and their class type offerings are why I like this studio. You can tell the owners, Roger and Albina, really care about their business and have hired great team.Both yoga rooms have hardwood floors. Walls are painted soothing tones. They keep everything clean between classes.The new flow room is my favorite because it has big windows on one wall. I like doing my yoga in the sunlight and when I do a wheel pose, it's neat looking at the highrise across the street upside down.The reception area is also laid out in a great way to get ready for practice and mingle with other students. They usually have fresh fruit and complimentary samples available after class.And the receptionist, Ale is very friendly. She's authentic and makes you feel welcome on your way in. Ale makes this a 5-star studio.All the instructors are great too. I've taken several of Roger's classes. What I like about his teaching style is he incorporates life principles into the practice. He's also very meticulous about proper form to maximize pose benefits. He stays present correcting students and all his classes are different.And Clemente is also worth mentioning. My schedule permitted me to take one of his classes when he was subbing and it was AWESOME. He's got a slow flow style. It was funny because 1 set of sun salutation took 15 minutes to complete. And this slowness frustrated a couple girls.. Mid class, they packed up and left! But I LOVED it and left feeling high on life!Class types now offered here include flow yoga (my favorite), Ashtanga, Forrest, Slow Flow, Restorative, and hot yoga. They also offer occasional workshops to dive in deeper into those disciplines. This variety in class types makes my yoga practice less of a routine.The only thing I think this studio could improve upon is reduce the serious vibe.  They need to foster more community. Encourage conversation before and after class. Make connections. Yoga should be fun. They're getting there though. I heard there's a superhero yoga party next month!Overall, this studio is one of my favorite places to practice.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,10/16/2013,419,749,8,12,8>I've been repping the Hot Bagel Shop for years now and never had the opportunity or inclination to try New York Bagels. I thought the Hot Bagel Shop was the best in the city.  Oh my.  How wrong I was.  These bagels are DIVINE.  They're like the platonic ideal of bagels: crusty and crisp on the outside, decadently chewy and soft on the outside.  And you can see through to the ovens in the back that are turning out plenty more of these delicious, round delicacies.  They only offer the finest "HIGH GLUTEN" bagels, as one of their signs on the wall trumpets, which sounds like a scenario out of my celiac husband's worst nightmares.The New York Coffee Shop is next door and offers a sit-down breakfast experience--but I've made it a Saturday morning tradition to bag a couple of these bad boys and head over to my sister's nearby so we can get our carbs in before dance class.  And once you try the bagels, you'll understand why I keep coming back.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,10/15/2013,232,157,14,13,9>"When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie, that's amore"And indeed it was true love at first bite.  Top It Pizza is hands down the best pizza in Houston!  And I am from the Bronx/NJ....I've had the best of the best. I know my "ish But never have I had pizza "created" like Top It.  You build your own Pizza Pie from scratch...literally. You chooseYour crust:            Three Choices (Honey Wheat...muah)Your Sauce:          About 10 different saucesYour toppings:       About 30 selections of fresh toppings! Its then placed on a conveyer belt where its cooked to pefection!!  They will ask you if you want garlic butter on your crust...let me answer that for you...HELL YEAH!If you are indecisive like me, order the **Buffalo Chicken** Speciality Pizza (w/o the banana pepper).  Sweet baby Jesus...it will make you wanna smack your momma!!!Well done Top It Pizza, well done!!  You deserve an official Jerzey style fist pump!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,10/14/2013,195,90,8,9,4>Of all the spas in Houston this is probably my favorite. It basically boils down to tiny biscuit/cookies and tea/coffee while I laze about in an over sized bath robe. Does life get any better than chilling in a super comfy bath robe nibbling cookies and tea while you wait for a massage/facial/body wrap? No. It doesn't. Unless your giving birth to your first baby or getting married or taking a hot air ballon ride. Then it may. But otherwise this is the best way to spend your money and time if you have a lot of both to spend. Come early for spa treatments, enjoy the zen room! Fire/water fall and chaise lounges in the same room! YES! Then stay late and enjoy the steam room, hot tub. If you plan on spending time in the wading pool you have to bring your own swim suit. It's awkward, skip it. Just stick to things you can do naked.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,10/13/2013,37,172,2,11,6>Came here on a Sunday afternoon thinking it was still Pho Bong Sen.  Rolled up and saw that it said Viva Restaurant, which got me confused cause it sounded like a Mexican restaurant name.  But underneath Viva Restaurant letters said Chinese and Vietnamese so I knew it was my people's food.  LOL.  Seemed like new owners so we went in and gave it a try.Now like other reviewers said, when it was Pho Bong Sen, the food was average, sometimes hit or miss.  Nothing spectacular.  However, this Viva Restaurant experience for me was OUTSTANDING.  I am not giving it 5 stars yet cause this happened to be my first time so I am going to judge the next time I come.  But the service was great, everyone attentive, and the food was fresh and flavorful!  I ordered the following with hubby to have for lunch and dinner for the next two days:1)  Banh Bot Chien - Good stuff!  It's crispy and chewy and topped with french fried onions.  Yummy.  This place makes a good banh bot chien up in the northside.2) Dau Hu Xao Xa Ot - Lemon Grass tofu - Get this!  It is marinated perfectly as the tofu soaks up the wonderful lemon grass flavor.  If you have never had tofu before, this will get you to like ti!3)  Mi Xao Don Thap Cam  - Pan Fried Crispy Noodles with beef, chicken, and shrimp with vegetables - This came out in a big plate and all crispy! No oily taste to it.  Again, very flavorful dish.4) Salted Fish Fried Rice -  If you never had this, get it! IT's a perfect balance of fried rice and seasonings as the salted fish has a nice taste when added to the fried rice.  It's chopped up in small pieces so it blends well.  5)  Mi Hoanh Thanh - Egg Noodle Wonton Soup - This was an impulse order cause hubby wanted wonton.  We shared this as with the other dishes.  Egg noodles were good and chewy and plenty of wontons.  Large bowl that we shared and took the remainder home for a one person sized meal later.  Viva Restaurant is really changing Viet food up in the northside.  Thank you for bringing flavor and good prices to the northside!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,10/12/2013,95,160,4,5,6>I consider this place the best crawfish place in Houston for this year.  It seems to change every year for me.  This place is located right next to Vibe so the location has plenty of parking spots.  The Kitchen Special is the way to go and extra spicy, the other flavors are really good but the Kitchen Special is by far the best for me.  It's filled with garlic flavor with a slight sweet taste to it and drenched in butter and oil *droooool*, definitely tasty and addictive.  They have a huge list of other foods that you can order here.  The oyster nachos are a great pick for an appetizer.  The raw oysters here are pretty delicious as well.  I've eaten the King Crab and the Snow Crab here as well and they are just as wonderful as the crawfish!The service is great for the area that it is located in and the servers are extremely nice.  The place is as clean as it will get for a Bellaire crawfish store.  No need to say that i will come again as I go all the time!
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,10/11/2013,37,103,5,28,31>Last year, I came to Houston for a house-hunting trip.  We had 48 hours.  We stayed with my brothers-in-law at their place in the Heights.  I went out early on a cold, rainy Saturday morning for a run.  As I returned to their block, past a row of derelict houses, I saw a skinny, scared brindle-colored boxer mix that began to tentatively follow me.  She would get close, then get nervous and back away.  She looked pathetic and cold in the rain.  I went back to the house, put on a jacket, and my wife and I went to look for her, armed with turkey cold cuts.We spotted her near the derelict houses, got out of the car, and tried to coax her toward us.  It was then that a loud, middle-aged man saw us and began shouting, "Y'all get that dog outa here.  She nuttin' but trouble!"  He didn't have to tell us twice.  She shrunk away from him and into our backseat.  We fed her and kept her in the garage, while we were out trying to find a place to live when we were to move a few weeks later.  Meanwhile I searched Yelp for no kill shelters in the area.  No one had room for her.  We couldn't keep her, as we had a flight to catch in a few hours.  It began to look like the pound might be her only option.  We gave it one last try, and brought her down to Friends for Life.  They were at capacity, but we wouldn't take no for an answer.  I put them in a tight spot.  My wife cried, I bargained.  I told them I'd return in a month when we had a house with a yard and I'd foster dogs for them.  We made a donation, they kept the dog.We bought a house with a yard.  I put in an application and within a few weeks we had our first foster dog.  But we were still curious to find out what happened to that little rescue.  It turns out her name is now Egypt and she lives with a lovely family.  Her new owner is an artist with a young daughter -- she and Egypt are inseparable.I don't know if there is a moral to the story or what.  But I do know that Friends for Life is staffed with dedicated volunteers, fosterers, and animal lovers, who are committed to the no-kill concept.  They take in animals needing a second chance, and find them the right people who need them in their lives just as much.   The animals leave their foster homes ready for life in a family environment.  Egypt was not euthanized.  She found her loving forever home.  Same goes for countless other animal friends.  Friends for Life does a beautiful thing for the world.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,10/10/2013,416,295,9,9,10>"Gilbert L" and "Vegetarian" by no means go in the same sentence unless there is a " is not a" between it. I love eating things with faces and heart beats. So, when I broke bread at this spot it was a defining moment. I'll tell you my mama woulda been happy to see me eat my greens. Jokes aside Radical Eats has some seriously creative menu items. There is some amazing effort that goes into creating these dishes. Often times if not told you would never know if was vegan/vegetarian and probably wouldn't mind. I have been there several times now and have yet to eat anything that came from an animal. Ingredients are locally sourced which is a huge deal to me. What I ate. - Falafal Street Tacos with the pickled beets are on point! Will fill you up right. They had a special name for it but I prefer calling it by description for now. - The BLAT was a double decker sandwich on some serious pieces of Texas sized bread  with fried green tomato, lettuce, avocado and more tomato! - Vegan Tamales. Just have one and you will understand...They had to expand the menu to include items of a carnivorous variety. Understandable as new location comes more expenses...lower Westheimer is prime real estate!- Burger Burger is juicy goodness. Try to opt for the gluten free waffle bun. Well worth the extra $1.50. Had dinner with some friends there the other night and one of the girls was allergic to gluten so this was a special treat for her. Waitstaff is pretty great. Took me a while to realize they were all wearing plaid. Some day soon someone will walk in wearing a plaid gingham shirt and have people flag them down randomly. One day I might be that guy...
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2013,10/9/2013,44,203,8,10,6>I've been eyeballing this place for quite some time at this point.  Stalking maybe is a better way to describe it, as I go past their location all the time.  It's finally here though and I'm ready as is I"m sure most of Houston!While they're still getting things up to speed and didn't have their kitchen open yet(opening the coming week), the drinks are definitely strong and worthy of being served by that Voodoo Queen.  My guess from the warning at the bottom of the drink list is that some of them may be real dangerous.  Either way, once you make it here, don't be a rookie even if these fruity punches do seem like child's play.  As was recommend I tried the Hawaiian eye and it was pretty awesome.  I did however cut my night short after that though in the best interest of returning the following day to further indulge.  Gonna be hard splitting time between here and Moon Tower, but some how I'm going to have to make it work!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,10/8/2013,215,403,13,16,14>I'm down with the Down House.  And not just because I love Darwin and the ambience, but the food is great, too.  They had a rough start, but they are really shining now...you could say that my opinion on them has evolved.Did you ever go to a theme restaurant as a kid?  They disappeared years ago, but I remember them.  With names like "Professor VJ Cornucopia's Fantastic Foodmagorium" where all the waiters wore different costumes and didn't matter what the food tasted like, because it was fun and cool.  Well, Down House is like that for hipsters, with the funky seating, the Uber-Cool Darwin themed decorations, and even sticking the bill in an old book.  "We used to have books, made of real paper, not this electronic mumbo jumbo" young adults of today will tell their grandkids.  Kitsch = fun and cool.The menu is the trendy locally-sourced-deconstructed-New-American-­comfort-cuisine.  For breakfast I always go for the tacos, the eggs themselves are like half an omelette and the ingredients like venison sausage and pulled pork are delicious.  They pride themselves on their coffee, and with the quality of the french press coffee, I can see why.For lunch, the skirt steak salad is a classic for me--deconstructed into a tender, marinated steak, a wedge of Point Reyes blue, and a pile of arugula and tomatoes.  I have not had dinner here--have waited an hour on a Thursday and left without being seated, but then again success breeds that sort of thing.The wine list is quite excellent and diverse, and the prices seem reasonable.  They are known for craft cocktails and beer, as well.  Overall, you can call me a fan.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2013,10/7/2013,77,534,7,16,10>Just outside the Heights, well I am going to consider this the Heights.  If people say Washington is part of the Heights, than this certainly is.  It really fits in much better with the neighborhood vibe than just about anything on that God forsaken street anyway.On to the important stuff...All wood inside, with a small but cozy patio outside.  Complete with shade and picnic tables.  Inside has booths and tables scattered about.  A small bar that sits at most 5 people.  10 taps with Saint Arnold and Karbach.  Always a good thing.Service seems a little unorganized at first.  There were plenty of people for lunch, and all the servers were swamped.  It took me a while to get noticed, but once I was, the service was supper friendly, welcoming, and knowledgeable.  My Caucasian hide did not know what Vermicelli was.  They were happy to explain...house made rice pasta bowls.  Nice.Menu consists of most Vietnamese classics, but some other American items as well.  I had the spring rolls, and a Banh Mi with the special pork and a sunny side up egg.  The cold steamed pork was excellent.  With a fresh baked baguette, house pickled veggies that were incredibly flavorful. The spring rolls were equally flavorful and fresh, with this amazing house made peanut sauce.  Plenty of other stuff I need to try on the menu.  Like dumplings.  Most items are priced really well, and what you would expect from a Vietnamese place.  I finished of with a Vietnamese Iced Coffee, of coarse excellent and quickly becoming an obsession of mine.The special entrees are a few dollars more than some other places of the same style.  Though $12 for Filet Mingnon, house made sausage, and pate seems pretty legit to me, and probably the most expensive item on the menu. No doubt I will be making more visits in short order.  I was not able to partake in some alcoholic libations this time around.  Though the happy hour deals for Texas draughts is calling my name.  Such an upgrade from Queen Burgers IMO.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,10/6/2013,305,198,7,16,12>When and why did drive-in theaters become an endangered species?The benefits are obvious:1- You don't have to deal with someone else's screaming child(ren).2- Are you the type to forget to turn your cell phone off? No worries!3- You don't have to worry about PDA. Actually, well... *ahem*. Sometimes that tint on your car isn't as dark as you think it is.4- You get to bring the pooch. Just be kind enough to clean up after him/her.5- You control the volume. Tune in to the right radio frequency and turn it up!6- The concessions aren't actually that pricey. The last time I went to watch a movie and bought 3 drinks, I ended up spending $24. I can't remember the prices for concessions here, but they certainly were not exorbitant.  One could easily feed 2 people with less than $20.00 comfortably. I'm talking fries, sandwiches and drinks.7- You aren't really supposed to but... we brought food in with us. I though concessions would be expensive but they weren't. I actually spent more money picking up take out then I would have spent at the concession stand. But if you want to pack some sandwiches and chips in a cooler, more power to you.I won't fail to admit there are some downsides to this drive in. 1- You can't leave your engine running during the movie, so during those hot summer months prepare to be deprived of that delicious A/C that you love (they will jump your car if the battery dies).2- Gates open at 6:00 pm, but the first movies don't play until after dusk. Coming in just before show time is not advised as you will have to wait in a very long line and may not get a good spot for the movie you actually want to see.3- There are only 2 screens and the only screen 4 movies, 2 at a time of course. There is one screen in the back and one in the front. While one ticket is valid for both screenings, the 2 movies you want to see may actually be playing at the same time.4- You are always running the risk of some jerk blocking you in if you try to leave before the second screening. That or parking a little too close to your car... Stupid teenager... couldn't even open my door... *grumble*Still, this place definitely makes for some good adventure time and is all around a good deal for a date or some nice family time since the tickets are just about $4-6 a pop for not just one but TWO movies.  Houston! Can you please open up a few more of these!? Maybe even one by my house? Yeah, thanks!
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,10/5/2013,343,368,18,20,12>I hope Kermit isn't upset that I've been eating his girl, Miss Piggie (pause). When you're a burger patty made from ground beef and ground BACON, you aren't going to stay uneaten. This is especially true when you're topped off with candied bacon, hash browns, cheese and fixings.Since my last review, Stanton's City Bites has added some benches, chairs and tables to their store. They also have a vast variety of bottled beers, including St. Arnold's Divine Reserves (until they run out). Stanton's also extended their hours to help satisfy your craving for top notch burgers.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,10/4/2013,251,713,21,16,21>Eating BBQ is a personal experience.  It's like art or getting drunk.  It may be good and it may even be consistently good, but it's your frame of mind and perhaps the people you're with that shoot this place from a head nodding "oh, it's good" to a ravenous don't get in my eating personal space.  You know.  That space between your plate, your hands and arms, your mouth and teeth, and your gullet.  If you expand that happy BBQ scented cloud out about a fuzzy half foot, you've just about reached it.  (This can be applied to drinking or art, just not quite in the EXACT same way.)On the occasion I went to Gatlin's, it was just a head nodding "oh, it's good" experience.I got lean brisket and a half chicken.  I don't mess with sides, so that was a 1/2  pound of brisket and half chicken.  I'm glad I did this because in the hour I waited for my food, I saw plate after plate of two meat and two sides pass by and there wasn't much meat.  I don't go to a BBQ joint for BBQ sides, that's what family gatherings are for.  You put this lady in the deep south, and I'll devour a plate of weird effed up casseroles with Ritz crackers or potato chips smashed on top along with a two pound pile of butter beans and a heaping scoop of my mom's potato salad, but at a BBQ joint in Texas, I get real serious, really quick.  And yes, for me that would be lean meat.  I know, I ask the impossible in the BBQ world: lean brisket that tastes like magic.It's hard to get a good flavor with lean brisket - I know as that is all I ever order.  Gatlin's did an excellent job; the best I've had.  There was a thin layer of fat on the edge with an excellent crust, but nothing that grossed me out - another tall order.  It had a nice flavor, it smelled good, and I smelled good because of it.  The chicken, as well was lovely.  Moist and full of flavor.The sauce was close to perfect.  A little too sweet.  Very tangy.  A little thin, but only just.  I hoarded this from myself and savored it for a few weeks.  It was the perfect thing for dipping homemade steamed sweet potato slices.I also like that my to go order came with a tub of onions, pickles, and jalapenos.  If Texas BBQ does not come with those three items, you're obviously not in Texas.So, my theory on good vs. magical - how did that factor in?  Why only four stars when a few of my friends wanted to belly flop into a pile of Gatlin's BBQ and swim laps for three hours while crooning made up love songs?  Well, perhaps the 90 degree weather tempered my mood.  Perhaps the long wait with a bunch of Heights residents irked me somewhat.  (Love the Heights, but me and they are not cut from the same fabric.)  Perhaps it was just a slightly busy and/or off day for Gatlin's.  It was busy; they sold out by 2:15 PM.  A number of residents in polo shirts, knee-length shorts, white socks (pulled up), and casual tennis shoes walked in and then out in a huff between 2:15 and the time I got my food at 2:30.  Don't misconstrue, the BBQ and sauce were great, hence the four stars, but it didn't conjure that ravenous BBQ love-magic this go round.  The peach cobbler (made by Mary Gatlin) that I added after the socks people rolled in and out more than made up for this, though.  It was pretty gorgeous.  Not as good as my mom's, but is it ever?  However, since she refuses to bake a cobbler for her favorite daughter, I've been forced onto the Cobbler Quest these past ten years.  An eternity of peach seasons.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,10/3/2013,117,159,33,25,32>BREAKING NEWS FLASH: I am not Filipino. I know this may come as a surprise to many of you. However I married a Filipino woman (the first to review lady) who has schooled me in many Filipino traditions and cuisine. She introduced this non-Filipino to many great Filipino foods like Pancit, and Lumpia, and Adobo and the list goes on and on. However over the past several months she has been wrapping in my ear about this Jollibee. "OH Jollibee is coming to Houston!" and "OMG their Chickenjoy is so AWESOME" and "I love their spaghetti" and even interesting facts like "McDonald's is the most popular fast food restaurant in all countries except for the Philippines where it is Jollibee". As you can see for the past 4 to 6 months the joy and wonder of Jollibee has been incessantly beaten into my overwhelmed mind. And over the past week Jollibee has been hyped up so much that I thought my body might develop a Jollibee allergy before ever trying this very mysterious fast food chain. So on Jollibee opening day, my wife decided to be one of the first in line as well and first to review and she bought me a chicken joy and spaghetti combo, with a peach mango pie and a banana jackfruit pie. Now again this single meal had been hyped up more than the super bowl so I was a bit skeptical. Plus with cute name like Chickenjoy and Yum burgers, how good could this place possibly be? Man I was sold on the very first bite! The Chickenjoy was perfectly crispy and the meat was perfectly tender and juicy. Plus the chicken had just the right amount of spice. In almost a single bite this fried chicken became of my favorites. Then I got to the spaghetti and I must say I was the most skeptical of this dish to begin with because it was described as being kinda sweet. But again once I took that first bite of spaghetti I was sold. The tangy and sweet flavor of the sauce is delicious and then it is topped off with a bit of shredded cheese. When you eat the spaghetti you almost feel like you have taken back to your childhood. I mean the spaghetti noodles are thick and the sauce even has cut up hot dogs in it. I mean just like my mom used to make when I was like 6 year old. But the flavor is a bit differnt but indeed great, if you are looking for classic marinara sauce this in not for you. I you are looking for something a bit different with great flavor the spaghetti is perfect.Lastly the  Peach Mango and the Banana Jack fruit Pies are amazing. Imagine a McDonald's Hot Apple Pie but with better fruit and a crispy tastier crust. These pies are amazingSo although I am not Filipino, my Filipino wife keeps me up do date on everything Filipino including Jollibee. And this place definitely lived up to her relentless hype.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,10/2/2013,2219,1117,15,22,19>It is hard to pick a favorite line from the early seasons of the The Simpsons, the only ones worth watching, but if I had to pick I would probably go with Homer furtively offering Marge "They didn't have any aspirin so I got you some cigarettes." Serenely located next to the Briar Shoppe, the best non-alcoholic thing in the Village, Torchy's has taken over that sketchy looking pizza place that was always kinda busy but never lines-out-the-door busy so it didn't have the same cache as waiting for a table at the long-gone TwoRows and the more recently departed Texadelphia. Unlike Rebecca V.'s complaint on the ventilation, I did not smell any smoke from next door. In fact even at lunch at 11am the smell of beer being poured was much stronger inside; outside a more prominent smell was a heavy guy who likely had not showered in about three weeks by the smell of it. Therefore if you are concerned about the "smoky" smell then don't worry, it's not even present. So there wasn't any sensual Nat Sherman luxury cigarette wafting smells, but Torchy's got you the aroma of Texas beers on tap.The guy behind the counter taking my order was much more pleasant than the service I have ever received at the one on Shepherd. It reminded me of the ones in Austin where they are chillax and breaux, not the surly and grumpy messes on Shepherd. There are tacos on site gentlemen, don't be a grumpy cat.Torchy's is open nice and early for a breakfast taco option in the Village if you needed another breakfasting option nearby in addition to the fantastic Croissant-Brioche. Based on Paul D.'s reviews and just common sense about this being the Village, I decided not to come to lunch at high noon because I don't like people and I like waiting in line even less. Therefore a business lunch was scheduled promptly at 11am. So I skipped breakfast this morning so I was extra hungry. And of course pursuant to said hungriness, arrived at 10:45am. It was interesting seeing the transition of this Torchy's from 10:45 to 12:15ish. At 10:45 there were very few people inside and only a few tables occupied outside. By 11am outside was starting to fill up. Around 11:30 every table inside and outside was occupied and by noon there was a long, long line to place the order. They have only been open since Thursday. But the Shepherd location is always about this busy. And this is the Village so it will be even busier. Parking at 10:45am was simple right in front of the restaurant in the angled parking off Morningside and additional spots free in the lot in front of the Briar Shoppe. By noon there was not an empty spot and everyone was circling the block numerous times. So just be aware what you are dealing with if you come at a traditional lunching time, you come with everyone else. Come early if you want to avoid the rush.The weather was nice so outdoor seating it was. The inside gets loud and reverberatey. The guy in front of me was so loud placing his beer order at 10:58 and then he sat inside, there was no way I could talk over him, so I was sitting outside no matter what the weather was like. I can only imagine what this place would sound like after the drunken Rice freshmen stumble in after sipping their beers at the Gingerman. Good thing they have a patio even though its approaching summer rapidly, sitting outside is probably the best option. The food hit the table in less than ten minutes. That feels like such a quick turnaround when you actually have someone to talk with, rather than playing with your phone waiting for a to-go order at the one on Shepherd. I went with the brushfire, my favorite Torchy's creation, and the Dirty Sanchez because come on, they actually named a taco that and just imagine how River Oaks spoiled brat 5 year olds with iPads are having their innocence shattered much younger than we did without the benefit of the internets in the Bronze age my generation grew up in with our simple 151 Pokemon and kinder, gentler SNES and Sega Genesis consoles. What I liked about this experience: they actually listened about me wanting flour tortillas and Diablo sauce. Nothing angers the kraken more than ordering Diablo and getting to my office with my to-go order and finding some other peasant sauce occupying my cups. The Shepherd location is so guilty of that offense. But not the new shiny one in the Village,  yet.For a little less than $8 you get a huge amount of food in two tacos. The food quality is far and away better than any competitor - compare what Taco Cabana gives you with humdrum options of egg and bacon and egg and steak compared to the Dirty Sanchez with fried poblano chile, guacamole, escabeche carrots, and shredded cheese smothered in Diablo sauce. Unfortunately there is no drive-thru for Torchy's so occasionally you must resort to the Taco Cabana when you don't want to get out of your car. But overall, Torchy's in the Village was pretty fantastic as long as you are willing to eat your lunch before 11am.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,10/1/2013,106,31,8,18,14>Although it is not hard for me to get excited about eating Vietnamese cuisine, it is hard to surprise me with something new.  Let me tell you- I was surprised.  I walked it the woman at the counter super friendly and seemed excited that I came in for lunch.  Like an old friend that you haven't seen in a while.  Nice.  I ordered a the combo (pork, chicken and egg roll) with noodles and pork spring roll.  Now I have only had the pork spring rolls that have cold shaved pork or the cooked charred pork in the wrap.  However, Vietnam Poblano's pork rolls had a think piece of pork almost ham-like but not salty and a crispy-crunchy piece inside for an extra snap that made me say "Wow-I have never had anything like this".  My food came out super fast and it was sooooo good.  Not to mention it is super clean and has a good atmosphere.  If you like Vietnamese food, you wont be disappointed with VP.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,9/30/2013,151,94,4,15,9>wow oh wow. after reading so many good reviews, i was still skeptical. really? a new place in spring branch that has this many good reviews already? either these reviews are rigged or no one here knows what good thai food tastes like. maybe that's it. since there's no other thai places around here, the bar must be pretty low! boy was i wrong. on a desperate craving for pad thai and tom kha ga soup, i called this place to place my to-go order. arriving about 15 minutes later (around 12:05pm), i can see the fuss. the restaurant is nice and clean looking. the staff that helped me were nice, my order was ready on time, so overall they've earned 3 stars in my book. i get back to the office, and open up my boxes and woah! is that really their lunch portion? it's huge! i couldn't finish half of it (i guess it's going to be dinner tonight also!) my shrimp and chicken pad thai was delicious (it may be even better than thai gourmet or dare i say it... nidda thai!) there was plenty of shrimp (more than thai cottage gives me) so i wasn't stuck eating eggs and noodles (ahem, thai cottage). and the shrimp were actually DEVEINED! that tells me they care and don't want me eating shrimp poops. ... at least that's what i'd like to believe. the flavoring was just right, just the perfect balance of deliciousness and just how i love my pad thai.my tom kha ga soup (thai spicy/sour chicken soup with coconut) was thicker than other places, but absolutely delicious. i could see the pieces of lemongrass they use, and it tastes fresh, not like it was sitting in the kitchen all day.overall, this is going to be my new spot from now on for lunch. ill update my review with a dine-in point of view soon, and hopefully their sushi won't disappoint either.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,9/29/2013,104,160,3,8,6>For Vietnamese food you'd be happy to take a date to and not spend too much, Huynh definitely differentiates itself from other Vietnamese restaurants with its modern, low-lit attractive interior combined with delicious unforgettable food.Located in East downtown, the shared parking lot is on the small side and can be a mess during busy times, especially since parking is premium in this area. Try to get here early.  Don't let the nondescript exterior fool you.  Once you step in, you are greeted with a low-lit beautiful dining room, with classy touches like lit candles at every table.As several have mentioned, prices will be a bit higher here than your average Vietnamese restaurant.  Just remember, you are paying for the ambiance and location. .The menu offers some standard Vietnamese fare as well as some creative new ones I have not seen elsewhere.  The house favorites are marked on the menu with a smiley face.  Start your meal with the chargrilled pork spring rolls or the duck salad.  The spring rolls are not the standard ones you find at most restaurant.  These flavorful rolls have a much thicker rice paper, and each one is cut up into four bite-sized pieces.  Bits of cilantro, mint, and lettuce add the perfect compliments and slight crunch. The duck salad is another delicious choice and great to share, consisting of tossed salad with thin crispy lettuce and cabbage shreds, cilantro, slivered onions, and pulled shredded duck meat, tossed in a light ginger dressing.  It was so refreshing and a nice change to most carb heavy dishes.  It works as an entree as well, if you want something light. As for the entrees, the famed phoenix chicken was just okay.  It was tasty enough, though not as exciting as some of the other entrees.  The chicken was on the small side and more of a challenge to eat with all the bones still in it.  I do not recommend this one for a date or business dinner, as it takes a little maneuvering to get the meat off.  The crushed rice was delicious though, with the bits of egg mixed in.  Mi quang, another marked house favorite is a tasty treat.  It is composed of unique yellow rice noodles and a little bit of salty broth. Goodies such as shrimp, pork, purple banana flower, crispy shrimp cracker, peanuts, scallion and chile paste add excitement to this dish.  We asked them to split this dish for us into two bowls, and it came out beautifully.  Under the vegetarian section, the marked favorite tofu with curry was aromatic, on the sweet side, with a surprise bed of thin glass noodles on the bottom soaking up that delicious curry.  Presentation is nice on all the dishes, and if you are like me and like to eat with your eyes first, you'll appreciate that.Service can be spotty at times, but this is the sort of place I go to when I am not in a hurry.  You really want to soak up the ambiance and delicious food while enjoying the company of your dining companions.They also sell bags of coffee beans to go so you can make your own French pressed coffee at home.  You pay at the counter when you leave.  So for some nicer scenery with some of your familiar favorites, I highly recommend them.  You can find their full menu in pdf format on their website.  I think the food here really deserves four stars, but I'm kind of a sucker for the lovely interior, so the plus one star is for that.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,9/28/2013,49,143,5,5,6>The cost-performance ratio of this restaurant is pretty insane.A super good giant bowl of pho is 6.50. Their signature dish is the garlic fried tofu. It's 8.50 and comes with rice. Though it's loaded with grease, it's an amazing dish. Highly recommended.The portion size here is GINORMOUS. One dish can easily feed 2 - 3 people. The best strategy here is to order one regular dish and get an appetizer if you are going as a party of two. The waitstaff is pretty attentive and the private parking lot in the back is huge.It's a great place for ballers on budget.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,9/27/2013,94,267,4,12,5>Omakase, please!  The way the omakase works here is YOU tell them when you've had enough.  Seriously or it just keeps on coming.  Not that there is anything wrong with it if you're not full yet but just a word of advice!  Came here on Friday and wow their items are sooo fresh!  The chef said the fish was just flown in that day.  The only downside that night was they didn't have any uni!!  AHHH.  so sad.  Must come back again now for that!We had about 15 different pieces and each piece was just better than the next.  I don't like wasabi- yeah, I know, sushi pieces w/o wasabi?  The chef accommodated me and made sure not to have wasabi on my pieces. YAY.  Our chef was Chris for the night and once you get to know him he's talkative and a pretty fun guy.  If you like what he's doing for you buy him a drink or two of his favorite beer, the Amstel Light which we did.Won't disclose the amt of our bill but you're looking to pay a little over $100/pp for 15 amazing and fresh pieces/plates (some plates have about 6-8 slices of sashimi where other plates just have one piece of nigiri) and that is NOT including alcohol.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,9/26/2013,127,329,,13,2>Over the holiday weekend I came to The Good Life on Friday for their happy hour in which I got the plate of 5 jello shots for $20 which is a great deal. I was so impressed with the array of flavors that they had. My favorite was the PB&J, Fruit Loops, and Blueberry waffle jello shot. They topped each shot with something unique to the flavor. The PB&J had a little jelly on top, the fruit loops had three fruit loops sprinkled on it and the Blueberry waffle shot had a dab of syrup over it. On Sunday a friend and I decided that we wanted to check out there brunch so we got there around 2:30 and brunch ends at 4pm. They had $1 mimosas. Let me say that again....they have $1 MIMOSAS. I will probably live here now on Sundays. lol. The gentleman at the bar was absolutely amazing and he made sure that my friends and I enjoyed our drinks. Josh's personality is the type that you want to have around when you are sitting at the bar having drinks. He kept us laughing which made us keep ordering more drinks.  I would recommend anyone going when Josh is there you will definitely enjoy the good conversation. Now about the food it was $15 for the brunch buffet which I felt was a good price with all they were serving. The garlic mashed potatoes were so good along with the other items but the mashed potatoes were my favorite. The food was served fresh and we never had to wait long for the food to be replaced. This is a really nice spot and I can't wait to visit again.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2013,9/25/2013,226,154,,12,5>Swung by here last night to check it out. Luckily I live super close by and can walk. Winning!!First impressions: when you walk in, the downstairs is pretty small, but its intimate and has a nice feel. After you walk up the stairs, I was blown away! It's really beautiful inside they are still working out their final menu,  but we just let Jessica (she's amazing btw) choose two drinks for us. We had the Kentucky Mule and the violet drink (can't remember the exact name). They were super good! All the bartenders were soooo nice too. Folks this patio is amazing. You don't even feel like your in Houston! It's an awesome sexy lounge like feel. Music was an upbeat indie-poppy type sound. Very fitting! Great experience. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,9/24/2013,153,232,5,5,5>Once again Yelpers, y'all were right. I have found IT! Not only close to my home, awesome hours and delish flavors, but U-Swirl has spacious seating with leg/ottoman rests for those tired dogs. Now let's talk flavors. I've been there twice now and my fav so far is Thin Mint with Andes Candies bits. Coming in a close second is the Pistachio with the recommended whipped cream and a cherry. The nice folks there are more than happy to give you unlimited samples upon request. This is nice since you can assure no one is putting their tongue underneath the spout or licking their sample and replacing it under the spout (uh, EWW, YUCK!). So I appreciate their cleanliness and willingness to serve us the samples. I like how there are suggested toppings on the board. Also their pricing per ounce seems to be so much lower than my finished froyo with topping bowl. I know they are open late and I totally appreciate that on those hot, Katy nights. Ooh yeah! I am seriously considering a late night UYE here. Froyo sho!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,9/23/2013,299,191,10,23,21>It's so great to have a Vietnamese restaurant in the Champions 1960 area that serves actual delcious food. The bistro itself is personable and quaint with modern deco. You walk right up to the counter, order your food, and they will bring it out to you. The banh mi thap cam (combination meats vietnamese sandwich) with a fried egg  was great, although they could slice the ham meat thinner. The toasted bread was on point when I requested it to be extra toasty. The carrots and daikon in the sandwich was delicious. Also, the basil wings were seasoned very well with the fried basil leaves. It had a nice spicy kick to it too. Very affordable place with great service!!!!! Two thumbs way up!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,9/22/2013,439,301,11,11,10>This place is so gluttonous!!!!I don't do buffets often cause they just don't work for me and my financial mindset! I'm going to seriously try to get my money's worth and leave stuffed like a Thanksgiving bird!  Sooo I generally pass but we decided to try this place out for HRW - $10 less than normal and with dessert! It's seriously a good deal if you are a fan or want to try this place out. The salad bar is a bragged upon 50+ items of fresh goodies and sides. I wasn't a fan of the smoked meats there though. Too tough for my molars but I loved everything else, especially the spicy shrimp & cold salmon. I didn't hurt myself on that stuff though, it was all about the meat! And it was mostly delicious. The picanha, filet mignon, lamb chops stood out in my mind. The parm crusted chicken was ok but again, it's chicken. idk about you but I don't come for no damn chicken.  Overall some meats were better than others as far as seasoning and one was waaaaaay too salty but I guess they just got a little heavy handed cause it wasn't the first piece I'd had of it. Bottom line if you're feeling meaty, it's a good spot. Beautiful decor but this place is a bit on the loud side, not romantic!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,9/20/2013,102,108,4,9,7>I LOVED their banh mi! The bread was so crunchy, and the beef was so good. It costs a little more than $5, but they make up for the price with good quality meat (this includes an egg for $1, which come on, you gotta get). I would rather get high quality, than some of the other banh mi shops that give you the pieces of meat no one else wants. -__- To be honest, I could only eat half of the sandwich. What a waste! I'll let you know how it tastes when I have it for dinner tonight. :) Two meals in one??? Score! They were nice enough to give me a sample of the kim chi quesadilla (an interesting concept - a good fusion of just the right amount of kim chi) and the peanut sauce quesadilla (I'm a big fan of peanut sauce, sort of a fan of it in the quesadilla). I'll have to come back and try the other things. I really want to try the fries since I'm a huge potato fan. Too much food for one girl here.In other news, their pork and beef tacos are deeelish. The meat is made to perfection, and I love the overload of cilantro and carrots. It's the Viet version of a taco, and I pretty much love it.Overall, five stars for the quality and the service! I love getting free stuff!  Banh mi here is solid. I do wish the peppers were spicier. I love when my mouth is on fire.Tip: Hey UH students! Go check 'em out! They're mainly on campus, but recently I've seen them at the Food Truck Park and other events downtown/midtown. WHY do you get all the trucks and not me, at the school that shall not be named. :(
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,9/19/2013,242,106,4,13,11>What a great Saturday morning date! We got up early (though meant to make it earlier, woops!) and headed north. Tip number one, take Hardy toll road! We made it there super fast! There are signs once you get to all the back farm roads but they could be a bit better and they don't really specify where parking is. Since they open at 7 am, cars were parked wayyyyy down the road and we ended up walking for a while, no big deal. But there were spaces further up and we just had no idea how far we were to begin with. Once we got there, we saw a huge line of people paying for their bucket loads of blueberries, wow! I was impressed and eager to start. Thankfully it's really easy, there's someone there just handing out buckets. That was cool, because when I went strawberry picking you had to pay for the bucket. Then off we went, there are rows and rows of blueberry bushes, we didn't even have to go very far back so I"m not even sure how large the place is. Even getting there 2 hours after they opened, we couldn't manage to pick fast enough! There were so many blueberries! I think we managed to go right during peak blueberry season and probably the best weekend before they get picked clean. We could have kept going based on how full some other families buckets were but we were both satisfied with half buckets full. The check out process was really fast, there was no line for us. This place is only $2.00 a lb, which was awesome to see compared to other farms I'd found online that were all over $3.00. We each got very close 2.5 lbs for under $5 each.  Can't wait to turn myself blue eating these!
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,9/18/2013,173,76,5,12,7>I was on the prowl for a place with great drinks and fast, free wifi so I can surf the net, work, or play games without too much of a problem. Lets just say Starbucks really didn't satisfy these needs. Of course, Yelp came through again with this amazing gem!Highlights:1) Drinks - I came up to the counter, immediately told the fellow bro that I was new and had no clue what I was looking at. He explained everything on the menu with great detail (very knowledgeable) and I ended up ordered a hot-chocolate type drink with vanilla mixed in chocolate - DELICIOUS. Very friendly peopleThey have beers on tap and in bottle (great variety, most of which you havn't heard of), wine, and all of the different coffee-house stuff we all come to expect.2) FAST, FREE Internet!! - Lets just say I can play games and pwn noobs NP. What else must be said?3) It shares the restroom with the best Sushi place in town: Uchi - no problems there :DTips: - If you are bringing a mouse - the tables aren't suited for them so bring something that you can use as a mouse pad.- They have free valet, but there is plenty of parking on the street.The venue itself is very small, right next to Uchi. This is a good or bad thing depending on what you want. I personally like it because it feels like its your place, and there are less people on the WIFI to slow it down :DGreat place to study, surf the web, or meet someone for a nice drink. Highly Recommended!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,9/17/2013,189,289,8,9,7>Love this place!!Unlike most places in the Midtown area, the people in this bar were actually friendly, laid back, and not pretentious. The bartenders were nice enough, even though there was one that was kind of like whatever. She was wearing a tank top that said, "Fuck you, Houston IS awesome" and I thought that the tank top was great and so I complimented her on that. Her attitude was like, "leave me alone!"  Gee woman, I wasn't trying to hit on you. You're not my type! But other than that, everything else was cool.I enjoyed watching the bartenders make drinks with the mints and cucumbers and lemons and what not. Very entertaining. Within five minutes of entering the bar, people started chatting me and my friend up and we actually made a new friend that night and went to Byzantio to smoke some hookah after. Pretty cool.This place is located off of McGowen and Main Street so there's plenty of parking on the streets nearby. I parked about a block away on a Saturday night and it took me about two minutes walking from my car to the bar.  Drinks are reasonably priced.I'll be back!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,9/16/2013,431,163,4,8,6>I've seen these guys all around town.  I love their photobooth, it's one of my favorites.  I've seen two different versions of their booth one more modern looking and one more traditional, I prefer the modern looking one.  I like it because the guys who run it look like they are genuinely having a good time and not being forced to run a photobooth.  Their props are a lot of fun, my favorite is the viking cap and shield.  They have it set up sometimes where I can select which format I want my picture 2 or 3 poses.  These guys are constantly adding new things.  I even went to one event where you could hashtag via instagram and have your photos print out on their machine.  When I need a photobooth, these guys will be my first choice!
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,9/15/2013,202,203,4,16,9>Wow!  After my second visit here in two weeks all I can say is THANKS YELPERS!!!  This place rocks!  It is hard to find, stuck in a strip center along 59 next to Lakewood Church.  In this hidden gem is one hell of a sushi master chef.  For the love of god, don't come here and order your usual California roll.  Sure, it will be great, but you will miss out on the wonderfully original and tasty creations this top sushi restaurant has to offer.The off-menu items are particularly inventive.  I wish I could remember the exact names of the two tuna apps we had.  One was seared, peppered ahi served warm in ponzu sauce.  It is amazing how many sushi places don't serve this!  It was great tuna and not over-peppered.  Very good was the thin sliced ahi served cold in a spicy dijon garlic sauce.  Thanks again to my fellow Yelpers, I knew to order the off-menu Triton roll.  Sushi heaven!  Who knew that spicy tuna with blue marlin, avocado (think I'm forgetting something), topped with a thin slice of jalapeño and slice of scallop!   Best roll I've ever had, period.Hubby's Red Dragon Roll had wonderful and fresh tunas, and very artfully decorated as a dragon.  My C2 roll was another great combo of tempura shrimp (sub for crawfish), avocado,  topped with fillet Mignon, steak sauce and garlic chips.  Yumm!  The service here is wonderful and personable  as well, Eric was very informative and helpful tonight.  Last week Nguyen was also great when I brought my friend in for her birthday. The ambiance is sophisticated Asian meets a bit of sports bar chic.  Brave the traffic and awful service road construction, and you won't be sorry.  It was well worth the trek into town!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,9/14/2013,275,269,6,12,9>If I were to die and go to a restaurant in heaven, it would probably look a lot like the interior of Triniti with its ultra white sleek and chic interior. I've had the pleasure of dining here twice now and haven't been disappointed by the drinks, food, or staff. This wonderful addition to the Upper Kirby family is by far an underrated restaurant.Like most businesses in Houston, the parking is limited, so you are forced to park on the street or use the complimentary valet service. Considering how narrow the streets are, I would highly recommend using the valet service. Once inside, you feel as though you are in one of the most sterile restaurants in town with blankets of white decor and blond wood furniture. If you don't make a stop at the bar and lounge first, you will be whisked away to the dining area where the kitchen opens up for diners to have a front row view of culinary preparations.My first dining experience here was beyond my expectations as I was treated to the chef's tasting menu that included 5 courses. Triniti is like other New American restaurants and they will rotate their menu based on season and availability of food. That being said, if I describe my chef's menu, it won't make any sense once the next season comes along. I wanted to emphasize more the essence of the food rather than what I actually ate. The portions were small (2-5 bites), making it the right amount of food to taste each dish without walking away feeling like I just ate an entire cow. Each course had the right balance of flavor to acidity/sweetness that it was designed to be. The courses also complimented each other without having the inconsistency that some chef's miss the mark on.Happy Hour is a hidden gem, making it one of the few in Houston worthy of visiting. Nas is a fantastic bartender, mixing up a drink that I was not sure about upon reading it on the menu, but I was a fan of after he made it for me. The appetizers are absolutely amazing. No other restaurant has a better happy hour than Triniti when it comes to food selection with the quality that they deliver.My one and only complaint about this restaurant is that the seating is incredibly uncomfortable and forces me to get up and move every 30 minutes due to my back pain. Fortunately, I am able to escape to the posh bathroom that looks like I'm a visitor in a UFO bathroom.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,9/13/2013,86,256,4,11,8>I had my first lobster roll in New York this summer, and I had just about accepted the fact that I would never, ever find a tasty lobster roll in Houston. Enter Maine-ly Sandwiches. My husband and I came here for lunch recently. We rushed here on an otherwise lazy Sunday because I was terrified they'd be out of lobster. As previous reviews have stated, the parking situation in the area isn't great, but you can park further down Main and just walk. The restaurant has plenty of seating, I was also really diggin' the nautical decor. We both got the large lobster roll (we're not keen on sharing) with soup and a drink, and I got a whoopie pie for dessert. Definitely one of the costlier lunches we've had, our grand total was almost $60. High price aside, I enjoyed it immensely. The lobster was perfectly sweet with the right amount of "snap", which I think is a good indicator of freshness. I know some reviewers thought otherwise, but the filling was quite substantial. The roll was soft and buttery. The seasoning was simple, and there was just the right amount of mayonnaise. It could've used a squeeze of fresh lemon juice, but otherwise, it was near perfect. I loved the thick and hearty clam chowder too, full of clammy goodness. My husband really enjoyed his lobster bisque, but I thought this paled in comparison. Definitely end your meal with an original whoopie pie too if you've got a sweet tooth.I'm not made of money, so it might be awhile before I come back. But really, the price is quite fair for a decent portion of lobster. Check it out for yourself.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,9/12/2013,231,233,12,19,15>what.. the...I don't even have words. I had the pleasure of dining here with one of Houston's awesome chefs, so to have him and his wife's suggestions was priceless. We used a pen to circle the numerous things we wanted on the paper table-cloth menu. I could sit here and write an in-depth review of everything we tried here, but I think you would tire of hearing "IT WAS SO YUMMY" for every dish. So, I think one quote from my friend sums it up. "These spicy lamb ribs? These are last-meal worthy." This, my friends, is NOT an exaggeration. And we both have lived with amazing cooks. Best ribs I've ever had in my life. The table next to us eyed us licking our fingers greedily and promptly decided on the lamb ribs as well. The service was impeccable. The bartender even asked me if my mojito was sweet enough, and when I answered that it wasn't, she made it perfectly sweet for me. Use your hands. Get messy. Lick them clean. (Ummm, yes I'm still talking about eating at a restaurant, people). In the restroom, use your feet (you'll get this hint once you go.. if there were hidden cameras installed, let me tell you, they are laughing at me on tape trying to figure out the sinks for 10 minutes... I'm a genius, I tell ya). Fight for the last piece. Order cocktails. Save room for dessert.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,9/11/2013,115,362,8,15,15>With a history of rotating food truck chefs in the Grand Prize kitchen, it only makes sense that Anthony Calleo, owner of the Pi Pizza truck, has set up permanent shop with his devilishly good Sandy Witch Sandwich Company.The chips and queso were met with universal approval, though the collard chips were divisive. I loved the thin crispy greens while others didn't care for the bitter leaves, but with a deft dusting of Cajun seasoning from the kitchen, I thought they made an excellent pub snack. The Strega, a chicken parm rendition, more than lived up to the glowing recommendation from the counter; my brother raved about his brined chicken Madame Blavatsky; and I loved my Marie Laveau sandwich featuring shredded Dr. Pepper braised short rib, collards, and honey mustard. The meat was incredibly tender with a caramelized soda sweetness at the charred edges that played against the savory greens and house-made mustard. Only just having opened, Sandy Witch already seems to be firing on all cylinders.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,9/10/2013,340,388,3,11,6>Clinica Santa Fe is great and very professional. You don't have to have insurance they have great prices. Just for a consultation on the weekdays it costs $30 to see the doctor and on the weekends it cost $50. The nurses are professional they check your blood pressure, heart rate, weigh you, and ask what brings you into see the doctor today. It is a small clinic in the southwest area it is a long drive for me but it is worth every visit. I always get great feed back from the Doctor and what I need to do so I can recover quickly and easy. If you happen to need a specific test or blood work they offer all of that there as well. Instead of you having to go to a Lab Corp or a Quest Diagnostics center they do everything there for you. Yes of course it will cost extra, but the prices are not that bad if you don't have insurance. They want to help you here, and you don't have to worry about being judged if you don't have insurance. All they care about is your health not your money. Hablan Espanol!
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2013,9/9/2013,67,173,6,12,8>Imagine after having Bernie's Burger Bus you can take a leisurely 7 second stroll and have Cupcake on a stick!?! Right!?! That's what you've got with the Houston Food Park...but with even more options. I mean, come on. I love the idea of a joint effort that brings together the best of Houston's food trucks in a single location for the betterment of the city...and my tastebuds. It is still pretty new and could use a bit of work but it definitely has some potential to be a landmark in the city's food scene.Pros: The choices! The food! How good it feels to just walk up to one truck, decide you don't want anything, and then get something from another truck 20 ft away.  Cons: The generator noise. The heat.  Not a lot of seating. Having to see what you missed out on from the first food truck as people order. Like I said, its still a pretty new venture and still has some kinks but, again, I'm really excited about its potential. And I think with 3 big cooling fans, more covered seating, someway to deal with the noise, and being able to cram more trucks into the area, we'd be well on our way to establishing a ground zero for Houston's food truck aficionado's. 3.8 stars. Can't wait to see it evolve.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,9/8/2013,211,137,6,12,10>I truly can't say enough good things about Wright Pawn & Jewelry Company. I spent my 20s around a large pawn shop in FL that one of my best friends dad owns and I have always loved going in to pawn shops to see what little hidden treasures you might find. I really didn't know what to expect the first time I walked into Wright's and I have to tell you I was blown away! This is not your average pawn shop!Ladies: A HUGE selection of handbags. I am talking Louis Vuitton, Prada, Gucci, etc. They very frequently also have pieces of luggage from these brands as well. They have beautiful crystal and often times have some pretty amazing silver flatware. A little bit weird but they also have a large selection of fur coats, not my thing but it may be yours.Men: If you are looking for a piece of jewelry for your lady love, look no further. They have an amazing selection of jewelry in all price ranges. They generally have pieces that come in those little blue boxes that all girls love. They also have an amazing selection of engagement rings. If you have any reservations about buying a diamond out of a pawn shop, don't. Take it from a girl, I would rather you take your budget and buy me the biggest diamond that you can and at Wright Pawn you will get the biggest bang for your buck. My fiance (I just love saying that) recently proposed to me with a ring from Wright Pawn and it is a STUNNER!! He told me that Lee was a huge help in the whole process and that he really felt like he was being helped by a friend. Thanks Lee!!
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,9/7/2013,53,67,2,8,4>What to choose? What to choose? The star studded menu throws me in different directions as I contemplate which meal to order.  As the waiter comes to take our order I know its going to be a last minute decision. The pressure.I finally decide on the Leg of Lamb served over a beet hummus. My fiance chooses the soft shell crab vermicelli while others at the table go for the pork chop served with a Texas peach and the Kobe flat iron steak.The manager came to our table and recommended some appetizers for us: crispy chicken kaarage, escolar sashimi and a cheese dip with a sausage stuffed pepper in the center.Leg of Lamb - Tender and cooked to perfection.  The dish looks vibrant as the leg of lamb lays on top of a bright purple beet hummus.  I was never a huge beet fan but this hummus was bangin!  Alongside of the hummus are benjy's little treasures of brussel sprouts.  Great meal and yes I ate it all.Soft Shell Crab Vermicelli - The vermicelli had thai chilli spices mixed in and had me drooling when I saw it placed on the table.  My fiance takes a bite and what!?!? Its a dish served cold. The shock of the cold noodles has you begging for the dish to be served hot.  Overall the dish was average, but if served warm it would have been elevated to a different level.Pork Chops - I did not try the chops but one person at our table described it as the best he has ever had. The peach served on top looked like a great combo.Favorite apps were the Escolar sashimi - very fresh and light and the cheese dip with the stuffed sauasage was excellent (and complimentary! thanks to the manager for just liking us).  Great service. The crispy chicken was average. You can't mess fried chicken up and its hard to make it memorable.The manager stopped by a couple of times throughout our meal and made sure we were taken care of.  It was nice to have this service and he even threw in a piece of chocolate cake for us, which was not too rich and perfectly light and sweet.  I am not a huge chocolate cake fan and I really enjoyed this dessert.Also, the drink favorite at the table was the blook orange margarita.Good job Benjy!
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2013,9/6/2013,234,331,4,4,5>MMmmmm Mmmm good. My new favorite tapioca place in Chinatown! With any of their drinks you should get half sugar or little sugar or else it will be too sweet.If you like matcha and red bean try the matcha red bean slush! I usually don't get tapioca with my drinks but I wanted to give their balls a taste and it was the perfect texture!Only negative comment I have is that I came in around 11:15 one day when the sign said they open at 11 but I walked in and the guy said they wouldn't be open for another 15 minutes. Boo!
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,9/5/2013,44,100,2,10,6>For visitors to Houston landing in Hobby Airport, I'm afraid that the drive down Edgebrook is not the first impression of this fine city I'd have chosen for you. However, the food at Casarez is the taste of Tex-Mex we're proud of.If you're eating here around lunch time (as I was) $10 is more than enough to stuff your face so full you won't need dinner. The lunch specials are a great value, and include things like a Footlong Burrito (get out your ruler kids, this isn't a 10in subway "footlong" either) with rice and beans, the "Casarez Special" which includes one of almost everything on the menu, enchilada platters, or a 3 taco plate. They even had vegetarian options, which is hard to find at Mexican chain restaurants.The decor is spot-on too with day-glo paint colors, and oil paintings of cowboys and cacti. Topping it off are mis-matched plastic seats and a radio blaring latino hits.When it's time to pay, you get up, and go to the register.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,9/4/2013,217,363,5,10,8>I ordered 2 slices-- the meats and the caprese. When the slices came out, they were HUGE and piping hot! Perfectly crispy crust with delicious ingredients. The sauce was delectable and the meats (bacon, sausage, pepperoni, and whatever else was on it) was incredibly tasty. The caprese was covered in fresh basil (yum) and mozzarella cheese (double yum!).I ate about a third from each pizza and felt full. I intended on taking some back home, but I was overcome by a sense of injustice in letting delectable pies suffer through cooling down and microwave reheating. I wanted to eat them in its most purest form-- fresh from the oven! The food coma that ensued was worth it!The bread sticks were sub-par and the tiramisu cake was unmemorable. But that pizza. Oh, the pizza!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,9/3/2013,159,101,10,18,13>6/27/13 11:15am - I am 22 deep in line 15 minutes after the open sign went up.  Congrats on making 2013 Texas Monthly top 50.  The 95 degree heat is not enough to keep patrons from lining up to taste some serious "que.I scored Corksrew a 92 out 100.  Grand Champion Texas BBQ no doubt.Smoke:  Red Oak.  Steel Barrel wood fired REAL PIT bbq. Amen.  The guy that took my order looked like he was into a whole different kind of Cheech and Chong style of smokin.Brisket:  Very Good.  This is border line Excellent brisket.  A disappointing 1/8 in smoke ring was the 1 point this brisket needed from making Excellent.  Nearly perfect tenderness, snap apart, no knife needed masterpiece.  Bark was thin and soft. Ring and meat was dark.  Smoke was Goldilocks:  not too much, not too little, just right.  Overall flavor was above average and no sauce is needed.  I got a burnt end but it did not taste any different than the slices.Ribs:  Very Good.  Near perfect tenderness, soft bite, clean bone, no tearing.  It had a nice salty porky flavor.  Good smoke.  No sauce needed.Sausage:  Good.  Typical course ground pork sausage with traditional spice and average after taste. A Little greasy.  Decent smoke and good flavor.  No sauce needed.Sauce:  Excellent.  This BBQ is really good, but its when you apply the sauce do you understand why people stand in line in 95 degree heat.  This sauce would make the gravel you stand on taste good.  A onion, vinegar, lemon buttery tomato base sauce that is good enough to drink.  Nothing here needs the sauce but when applied you fall in love.PS:  those were sides?  I don't score sides but the tator salad and cold slaw were cafeteria school quality.  Geez.  HEB sells better sides.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,9/2/2013,216,95,8,9,7>How can you go wrong with this place?  60+ beers on tap which changes daily and a menu of food I can't get enough of.  The Slow Dough pretzel buns from before the fire have been replaced by something called OG (Original Gangsta) pretzel buns which aren't as good, but it's not a huge deal as every dog I've had is tasty.  I recommend ordering sambal mayo on pretty much everything.  I've also developed a love of the vaggie burglar (yes that's the name!) which is a beet and black bean burger.  The chèvre is a nice touch.The wait times are pretty reasonable now provided you don't come during a crazy rush.  They've got the process more streamlined now.  :) And if this wasn't enough they have weekly specials!Monday is Mug Night Tuesday is Movie Night Wednesday is two burgers for the price of one (2 4 1)They also have random specials which they advertise on Facebook.  The only way to improve MT would be air conditioning, but they did that I would never get my dog.  ;)
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,9/1/2013,225,440,6,9,8>Unfortunately I don't live in the area, but if I did I would become a frequent customer of Nobi Public House.  Although the spot is a little small, they make up for it with big food, and a big selection of craft beers!That's right folks, people in the burbs like their craft beer too!I sampled the pork bahn mi (with fried egg of course) and it was large, in charge and mighty tasty.  Others in my group had the fried rice plates and a special item (not on the menu) - some kind of hot dog variation with fried egg.  It looked soooooo good!Anywho...all the peeps were totally satisfied with their food, and most of us were pleased at how affordable NPH is as well.  For me, 2 craft beers and my sammie only cost me about $13...that's a winner in my book!
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,8/31/2013,124,267,8,16,12>CoffeeIcon is my kinda store.  Have you ever walked into a store and instantly liked it within the first minute?  I'm easy going but picky.  Give me a great selection at great prices with great customer service and wowwa you won me over.CoffeeIcon has the largest and most popular coffees for my Keurig machine I have found anywhere in the greater Houston area.  They also carry the Tassimo lil coffees.  They also come in the 24 count not 16 or 18 so make sure you do your division.  I have found them beating the competition on a regular basis and also on the competition sale prices.  I only found one instance on a bulk box that Sams beat their price and it wasn't one of my favorites.They carry easily over 20 brands in over 200 varieties.  So if you want the early morning caffeine packed coffees, dark bold coffees, hot chocolate or teas you've found it all in one convenient location.  Also you can make a sample pack from a huge assortment of lil individual coffee cups of every imaginable variety. Rebecca the manager is very professional, helpful and well informed about their coffees and quite knowledgeable about the coffee industry.  Their other employees have also been a delight to deal with. I use to buy on the internet elsewhere but it seemed like my favorites were always out of stock and back logged.  I like that CoffeeIcon realizes the popular brands and stays stocked up.  Some of my favorites are Wolfgang Puck -Breakfast in Bed and Jamaica Me Crazy, Caribou - Daybreak, Green Mountain - French Vanilla Iced Coffee, Timothy's"s Kahlua, Diedrich - Morning Edition.  I usually buy in quantity and get a few new samples thrown in.  They also carry fresh coffees beans and a variety of coffee machines. Their hours are 8am - 8pm Monday thru Saturday.  They are located in the Kroger strip center on the end.  They also have a Tomball location.  If you pay cash you save 3% or you can receive a 10% discount by bringing in their coupon from one of the following magazines:  Review It, Link, Dockside, Living and Community Impact.  They also do free mail order for over $100.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,8/30/2013,439,285,6,14,14>This is a really small Farmers Market, with maybe 20 stalls on a good day.  And that day would be Tuesdays around 3pm or so -- not sure on the official times.  Its in a small parking lot on Rice University, so finding it might be a little on the fun side.I only come here for the goat cheese from Blue Heron Farms -- its really well made and very tasty!   There are other vendors here, I suppose I should try them.  If you want fresh veggies, fresh meat and some interesting bread, come to this little market.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2013,8/29/2013,162,230,20,18,13>Ladies and gentlemen of Yelp, I have met the Superman couple, and they go by Mr. & Mrs. Miyagi. Don't believe me? Boom! Mr. Miyagi's behind the counter, his sashimi-slicin', sushi-cutting, maki-rolling hands going faster than the speed of light. Bam! There goes Mrs. Miyagi -- a goddess of graciousness; a heroine of hospitality. Pow! She's setting up tables. Swoosh! She's bringing out waters. Zoom! She's handing out dishes. And just when things start to look bleak, Mr. Miyagi swings into action and reveals his secret super-power: the awesome ability to... BUS TABLES!Tactful 1950's comic book references aside, Mr. & Mrs. Miyagi make a formidable, and adorable, duo. My fiance and I scanned the restaurant like hawks, just WAITING for someone else - a busboy, a cook, anyone - to reveal themselves and help out, but it was only these two, all the time. [I *still* believe there has be someone washing dishes back there... I mean, come on... right? right?!] As already mentioned, you'll most likely run into a wait time (this small, modestly-decorated restaurant only seats less than 30 people + an 8-person private tatami room) and service can be on the slow side. But unless you're a horrible, heartless human being, it's difficult to get upset over this; the couple is definitely trying their best. On a Friday evening, we were lucky enough to snag the last open table, waited about 15-20mins b/w courses, and our visit lasted almost 2hrs.*  AGEDASHI TOFU: really enjoyed the broth in this dish. Tofu was firmer and crispier than other places I've frequented, and the broth had some depth.*  AVOCADO SALAD: opt for this if you love avocados like me! Avocados, cucumbers, tobiko, a dollup of Jap-mayo, over a bed of crispy lettuce; this app was rich and refreshing at the same time.*  3 KINDS OF SASHIMI: salmon, tuna, + YT (though, I swear it was red snapper...) The sashimi slices were big, fat, and soft. If you come to Miyagi's, you HAVE to order some sashimi -- this place *screams* quality.* FASHION ROLL & SP. SCALLOP ROLL: these rolls were nothing fancy, but in a good way. No intricate garnishes or sauces or tempura-fried err'thang. Just quality ingredients rolled up in nice little packages.*  RED BEAN ICE CREAM: whoa, now this is REAL red bean ice cream. None of that pink, strawberry-tasting shiz. It was still tasty and sweet, but my beau wasn't diggin' the whole red beans rolled into it.From their savory, homemade miso soup to their authentic red bean ice cream, the Miyagi's are on a mission to save the world from the evil clutches of "Americanized" Japanese cuisine. It just goes to show culinary greatness can come from anyone... even the modest, unassuming, *brilliant* Mr. & Mrs. Miyagi.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,8/28/2013,78,135,22,8,8>I can't even begin to speak on the institution that is Frenchy'sThe short story is- parking can be awful- driving down Scott is tedious because of the construction, and the folks who insist on doing 17 mph an hour on a 35mph road (I thought it was some Seniors or some youngstas looking for attention - nope, just slow drivers for no particular reason.  And believe me, if you've had the chicken once, you don't want there to be any thing between you and the restaurant)- there is no bathroom, and there's no A - you've got 4 picnic tables if you want to eat there- the drive through takes FOREVER.   (in most cases, you're better off sending someone inside to order.  I rolled up the same time a dude in a 3 series coupe did.  I got my meal, ate it, chatted with some folks, before he even got to the pick up window)But- The Chicken is fantastic, quite possibly the best you'll ever have.Frenchy's is so much more.  I rolled up on Sunday.  The car is rolling right, although as soon as I pulled in, I felt like I could have done a quick 2 hour detail, and worn my business gear.    Sunday afternoon features- Pastors and Deacons in bowties and nice suits- Church Ladies in fabulous hats with purses to match- ballers rolling through in bentley's, beamers, and benz's- someone's granny in a 1970's era Chevy Pick Up (Lord, bless her heart)- plenty of folks mystified by 4 lines and 3 registers- whole families in SUV's- heat- good $%@! chicken and Sweet Potato Pie (which they kinda stingy with)It is simply one of the places that shows off the best that Houston has to offer.  Every demographic you can think of shoulder to shoulder, elbow to elbow, ready to partake in possibly the best meal in the city that all of us can afford.Frenchy's is Houston at its best.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,8/27/2013,12,142,6,7,7>I needed to do some stress eating on a Friday night. I wanted pizza.Pink's answered the call and then some. I called my order for pick-up, the process was super easy. You can order online, too, but I didn't want to create a profile, enter a credit card, and click around to select my pizza.I was told that my pizza would be ready in 15 minutes. Sure enough, when I got there 20 minutes later, it was good to go. The inside is pretty simple and super casual - it looks more like a grab-and-go kind of place, less like somewhere that you would spend a lot of time in. But there were people hanging out at the tables, so it was pretty happening at 10 pm on a Friday.I ordered the uncomfortable-to-pronounce Deuce. It was awesome. Plenty of pesto and goat cheese, garlic, spinach, mushrooms, and tomatoes. The crust is sorta half-chewy and tasted pretty good - no hard cardboard, tasteless ends to be found. To avoid being morbidly obese, I willed myself to only eat half of a 12-inch. I could have eaten the whole thing.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,8/26/2013,476,176,8,10,6>First time I've been here, but I've heard the buzz this place generates by the bucket-load, so I've been dying for the chance to try it. Bottom line: wow!  Very impressed. Fusion food is something I love to begin with and Indian pizza sounds really great. The decor is tasteful and modern, city "hip". Thankfully, no faux kitschy Indian nonsense. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Good beer selection. Spotless and not blindingly lit. All big pluses with meOk, that completes the general BS portion of this review, all written before my pizza arrived. Now on to the actual food review...OMG how have I never eaten here until now!?!?! I had the 8" Gateway to India and all I can say is "sublime!!!" So delicious!!! The crust is so thin as to be almost a cracker. Indian pizza must be one of the best ideas of the century. My only caveat is that Indian pizza doesn't have much cheese holding the toppings to the crust, so be prepared for runaway bits going this way and that way. The menu isn't only Indian. They also do several Italian pizzas, pizza by the slice, burger-type stuff, etc. The desserts look great, so as I work my way through the whole menu, I'll try them too.  And here is my bit of advice to you: EAT HERE IMMEDIATELY!!!!  Thank me later. Better yet, yes, I'd love to join you for lunch on you. How kind of you!!
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,8/25/2013,180,247,3,16,7>Excellent food and service.The ambiance is fantastic. Beautifully and tastefully decorated, nice carved wood tables. A very comfortable and relaxed setting. The owner came to our table and talked with us for a while. Very nice man, you can tell he really cares about his business and the quality of the food he serves. On the the food. We started off with complimentary Chinese pancakes and pickled vegetables. The cabbage is similar to the Korean kimchi but not as spicy or fermented. It was light and refreshing. For and appetizer we had 2 orders of the fried vegetarian spring roll. Wow, they were fantastic. They are made fresh, not the frozen type. The owner suggested that we mix the sweet and sour sauce with spicy red pepper sauce, it was a hit.For the main course we had Mongolian beef, shrimp with mixed vegetables and mapo tofu. Everything was outstanding. The Mongolian beef was very tender. The shrimp were fresh and large. The sauces on both were tasty. While I'm not a huge fan of tofu, I do like trying new foods. My daughter always orders tofu dishes, so I have tried more than my fair share of tofu prepared different ways.   While I still prefer the beef or chicken dishes, I have to say the flavor was great and it was one of the best tofu dishes that I have tried.Can't wait to go back!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,8/24/2013,195,262,3,11,7>Want a great way to start off your week? This is where it's at, Every Monday this running club gathers to check in outside Goose's Acre Pub in The Woodlands, TX between the hours of 5:30pm to 7:30pm rain or shine  for the weekly 5k run (twice around the waterway). Guess what else is great about this healthy, active start to your week, its entirely free. This club is designed for all runners from new to seasoned, and allows you the luxury to put those 3.1 miles under your feet however you see fit. After you're done beating the pavement, the group meets back at the pub for food, drink, and socializing. As though everything thus far didn't already sound awesome, being free, there are additional benefits.  Did I mention the dinner buffet after each run is entirely complimentary; the staff at Goose's is super friendly, keeping the pitchers of water coming constantly.  10 logged runs with GA and you receive an official Technical T-shirt, which if you wear your shirt you get 10% off at Fleet Feet, a FREE MGD64 after the Monday Run. And wait there is another if you log 30 runs you get an official Goose's Pilsner Glass. Thus far on my two logged runs I have met some really great people. Definitely a great way to start off your week, runners high & good people!
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,8/23/2013,376,293,4,5,5>It's hard to find authentic Mexican food in Sugar Land, although the city is littered with Tex Mex joints.  Fortunately, we stumbled upon TMGB!  And what a satisfying experience!I opted for tacos a la carte:  shrimp, al pastor, and grilled steak.  They're topped with the typical onion cilantro and the flavors were delish!  Would def order them again!The mister got the Diablo Fajitas which came with chicken and steak, drizzled with their 'diablo' hot sauce, which I didn't care too much for.  It was no comparison to my yummy tacos.Their margaritas were strong.  Service was friendly.  Reasonable prices.  Casual sit down ambience.  Would recommend if you're craving real Mexican food and don't wanna venture into Houston.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,8/22/2013,194,103,23,18,14>"Manly drink.""Draft beer.""Manlier!""Whiskey?""MANLIER!!!!""WHISKEY WITH SNAKE OIL ALL UP IN IT." "Now we're talkin."Enter Mongoose versus Cobra, where over-the-top manliness is the order of the day err'day. Where whiskey specialty drinks are infused with snake oil BECAUSE REASONS. Where an order of ONE pretzel comes in the size of a full cafeteria tray BECAUSE OF COURSE IT DOES. And that's not all. Want a beer, friend? WE GOT YOUR 42 DRAFT CHOICES ON THIS HERE CHALKBOARD. Oh, you wanted a beer "menu" with some detailed descriptions and flavor profiles? ....get out. We order by name-only, son, and if you don't know what a Brewdog & Stone Bashah beer is, well that's your own damn fault, isn't it. And ladies, MvC has not forgotten about you. A full (descriptive!) menu provides us with a long and exotic list of sexy cocktails. I recommend the La Colomba. It tastes just like grapefruit juice, which means you don't taste much alcohol (you sure as hell feel it, though). One of the tastiest cocktails I have ever had. Bottom line(s): A fun, casual pub with some over the top drink choices and huge food portions. Also, group-friendly.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,8/21/2013,543,497,19,24,23>The Breakfast Club has over 930 reviews, so will my one review even make a difference?!?  Probably not, but since I like to give my one, two and three cents into a matter, you shall read from me!  Can this place really be almost a 5 star experience?  Can the food really be that good?  Well, I hate to admit it, but I definitely had a 5 star experience.  That doesn't happen normally, but this time it did.Following the advice of a coworker, I decided to come to the place after 1pm to avoid the massive lines that form.  They also told me not to try to go on the weekend.  Friday at 1pm works for me, so that was my plan.  I didn't quite make it there for 1pm, but 1ish was good enough for me.  From the reviews, I knew parking was going to be an issue, but lo and behold, someone was pulling away from the front of the place as I was pulling in!  God must have really wanted me to try this place!  Parking out of the way, I was expecting a line, but the 1pm advice was sound...right in for me!  God must have really wanted me to try this place!From the onset, the staff was very friendly.  The greeter at the door was all smiles and handed me a menu.  After complimenting the looks of my daughters, the greeter told me what the business was known for, and made her recommendations.  As many reviews have told me, and concurring with what the greeter told me, either try the wings and waffles or the catfish and grits.  Screw deciding, I ordered both to go.  Throughout the entire time I was in the place, workers spoke to me and my children and ensured that we had proper condiments to go with our orders before the food even came out.  Even leaving we had staff speaking to us outside.  There is truly nothing wrong with friendly folks.I was not impressed or please with the pricing of the dishes...let me go on record stating that...but darn it...these folks actually use spices on their food!  As a matter of fact, they sale their spice in the store, so they know their spice is tasty.  I must go on record and state that this establishment is the most flavorful place I have experienced in the Houston and surrounding area.  The food that I ate is the new standard bearer for taste for Houston.  The wings were well fried, not hard, and tasty.  The waffle was actually extremely fluffy and tasty as well.  The catfish was well fried, not hard and tasty as well.  The people in that kitchen know what they are doing.I hate loving the taste of a restaurant that would charge $15 a plate for such simple dishes, but I know my tongue will not allow me to never venture here again.  This is one of the few places that were able to live up to the hype.  I look forward to being able to try other items on the menu.  Hopefully the staff will be as professional as they were in my initial visit. Chicken and waffles and catfish and grits...yum!
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2013,8/14/2013,413,275,4,7,6>The mango with chile con limon is mind-blasting!! Yes, my mind was beyond blown, it was blasted. The natural syrup with a spicy kick was the perfect cool down in the hot hot heat of Texas summer. It was a generous portion (although not sure of the value as you will see below). The ice is a soft, texture and the syrup was so good. No bland ice at the end. The shaved ice comes with a straw (so thoughtful!) so you can slurp it up when it melts and becomes a slushie. This is probably the BEST SNOWCONE I have EVER had. EVER! I had it for the first time today at the Houston Food Park at 1504 St. Emmanuel. The only downside is all the upcharges. They had a hefty upcharge today from reading the yelp reviews... $4 for a small and $6 for a large. That's in addition to $1 upcharge for natural syrups (Mango, Pineapple, Strawberry), $.50 upcharge for the chile con lemon, and alas a $.50 upcharge for using your credit card. We ended up paying $6 for this sucker. Also, only single flavors offered today v.s. splitting other times. If it wasn't so mind-blasting, I might have dropped a star for all the upcharges. This place would be worth checking out in their standard location rather than at the food park.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,8/13/2013,387,597,15,12,5>This was exactly what I was looking for in Houston. I went to the Houstonian and I was surrounded by rich people and a million ladies. It was so not personal and not special. Urban Oasis lives up to its name. It's small, personal and clean. And they did not try to price gouge you because it's Houston and they can. $180 for a facial and massage (or a facial and mani/pedi). That was a price closer to what I was used to paying. My facial left my skin feeling absolutely amazing. My massage left me feeling a bit bruised the day after (deep tissue and all the tissues in between). They use great products (Dermatologica, hurray). Clean and professional. One thing I would've liked to see in the changing room is a brush or something for your hair. Including hair bands or other products (like dry shampoo for all that oil they get into your hair during a massage!). A sink would've been nice too. Having only one locker room sucks, but this place is crunched on space, so I get it. They are close. So close to exactly what I want. I just hope they step up the locker room amenities. Don't want to walk out looking like I have JBF hair. The facial was perfect. My skin looks great. I felt so relaxed up until they scraped my pores (AHHHHH!!! BEAUTY IS PAIN! PAIN IS BEAUTY!), but the rest of it was great! I will go back for repeat facials in a heartbeat. The massage, I can pass on next time. But the pedicures! Wow! That area looks so amazing and nice! I'll be trying that next time. I can't wait to go back! Free parking in the garage that is adjacent to the building. It's right next to Piola. I have no idea why you would go to a spa to get your coochie waxed instead of going to coochie-waxing specialists. This is a spa, you go here to relax and feel revitalized. Not to have hairs ripped out of your nether regions. Sheesh.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,8/12/2013,320,212,7,17,8>I am stunned by this place every time that I go. Tonight after ordering dinner, the chef/owner came to the table and held a very detailed conversation regarding his product. During the conversation, he said 'come see my kitchen'  and I was not about to pass up seeing it, so off I went. Honestly, I was floored with how clean it was. This guy really takes a LOT of pride in the product that he offers to his customers. I am a stickler for kitchens and was like Inspector Gadget looking for things that would turn me off, but none were found. He then ask if we would sample some of his new empanadas - OMG -- delicious.Hector and I are far from celebs on the local food scene, but you would have thought that we were the Houston Chronicle's food critic with the red carpet treatment we (mortals) received. Before tonight, my reviews have been stellar for this place. I wish that I could give it a 8th star - the food is even equal to, if not superior to the service.  Ivan has always been our waiter and he is absolutely incredible. He will treat you just like family. This is the hidden gem of Montrose/Upper Kirby. Stop by and sample the very great food and service that these folks provide.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2013,8/11/2013,156,153,7,12,9>Freakin DEEEELICIOUS!!!  If you're looking for an alternative to all your very average cupcakes places, or expensive birthday cake bakeries, or even that nasty 18.99 Kroger birthday cake you get at the last minute- this is it. I've seen this place around for a while but never had a real excuse to stop in. To be honest, when I think of bundt cake I think of a dry, bland cake with thin 'icing' mom used to make. For whatever reason (don't recall) I thought I'd try Nothing Bundt Cakes out when I needed a dessert for a potluck I was going to.I got a dozen bundtinis- the smallest mini cakes, all different flavors. Chocolate chocolate chip. Red velvet. White chocolate chip. Marble. Carrot cake.  O. M. G. Out of the 12 we brought to the party my boyfriend ate half. Half. They were amazing. Incredibly moist, really rich flavors. The icing was thick and sweet (just like I like it). If you are one of those people who complains about things being 'too sweet' (what's wrong with you?) then you probably won't love these cakes. I sure did though. When my daughter's birthday rolled around I thought getting her a small cake from here would be a great alternative to the typical grocery store cakes we always get decorated.  I bought her one of the 8 inch cakes, got it nicely decorated for her birthday, and she and everyone else LOVED it. We got the chocolate chocolate chip. Goodness that #^&$%^ is good!Yesterday, I stopped in and bought a girlfriend a mini cake all dressed up for her birthday. While in there I got to sample one of their lemon cakes. So good.  She sent me a picture of her boyfriend licking the bowl clean with the caption "OMG thank you for the cake it was amazing!! I snapped a picture of my BF licking the bowl!! Hahaha"Bottom line, if you need a dessert to take to a party/dinner, or are in need of a birthday cake quick and decorated, OR are nearby and thinking of going to Crave or somewhere similar, stop in and get a bundt instead. You'll be glad you did.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,8/10/2013,427,838,5,11,7>I'm not sure why the pop-up move across the street deserves a new Yelp listing. Here's an edited reprint of my review for the prior listing, which holds mostly true to form.***For Houstonians lamenting the fact that their fair Space City has no answer to Austin's renowned Franklin BBQ or even Dallas upstarts like Pecan Lodge or Lockhart Smokehouse, I come forth as the bearer of good news: your wait is at an end.Enter Killen's BBQ, the brainchild of Ronnie Killen and his crew. It officially "opened" for business on March 30, as Killen started serving legit Texas 'cue in Pearland. For now, the "pop-up" BBQ goes on sale Saturdays and Sundays only, starting at 11 in the morning until the well goes dry. Lines have gotten longer; be prepared to wait.  No worries, as the keg with free beer helps.The menu has expanded beyond my review below (i.e., chicken & turkey are available). On my second pass, I tasted noticeable improvements in both the brisket and beef rib (tasty rub, melting rendered fat), though I'm still not a fan of the sausage. Here are my original thoughts:The 'cue is undeniably good, with a few execution errors that prevent a bestowing of a true five-star review. I'll get to that. First, give me some time to rave about the quality of the meats. The style is wholly central Texas BBQ, which should please the purists that seem invariably disappointed by Houston's east Texas BBQ influence. The brisket came perfectly cooked, with a beautiful smoke ring and bark that provided delicious cookie-esque bites. I was pleasantly pleased with the juiciness of the lean slices, and in a rarity, daresay I liked those bites over the extremely marbled fatty pieces.The overtly fatty and oily brisket reminded me of Franklin, a comparison that will be made many times over the course of Killen's existence. Even its opening is eerily like Franklin BBQ's early days, when they were slinging 'cue out of a trailer. The whole operation feels very grassroots, very Texan, and very enjoyable. Killen's even pays tribute to Franklin with a slight wink, evident as its customers down coffee BBQ sauce out of a squeeze bottle with a plain, handwritten label.Like Franklin, Killen offers multiple sauces that are meant to be paired depending on the meat. Quickly, in order, my preference: tangy, sweet, coffee. Yes, like my taste testing of Franklin's sauce, I didn't care for the coffee though I'll down the real thing in spades on weekday mornings.That parenthetical aside, let's get back to the meats. The beef rib is arguably the star of the show. It's a cinder block of meat, well-flavored and delectable, that rivals John Mueller's best. The pork ribs are fine, though my opinion means little as I've never been a fan of the stuff. The sausage's interior tasted great, but I didn't care for the casing. As the good folks in Lockhart will respectfully demand, the meat doesn't need any sauce to make it taste spectacular.Sides are limited to a mustard-based potato salad, which I liked, and pulled pork baked beans, which we didn't try. Meats get served on a butcher paper tray, and guests then dig in at their own peril. The desserts are an understated benefit. I'm a sucker for the pecan pie, though the homemade bread and banana puddings don't sound or look easy to turn down. On the pie, the pecans tasted exceptionally fresh, though I'll still give the nod to Goode Company when it comes to the best in Houston. An array of bottled drinks, including my personal choice, the Mexican Coke, round out the meal.I earlier mentioned some execution errors, so I'll briefly talk to them here. I fully expect these to be ironed out as Killen's develops. Like Franklin, Killen's early issues shouldn't be a deterrent to long-term success. First, my friend didn't take to the dry rub, calling it stale. I personally found it a little bitter, but not uncomfortably so. The sausage casing disappointed me. It lacked the requisite snap, and the end was entirely inedible. Most egregiously, parts of the brisket and beef rib exhibited improperly rendered fat, chunks that ended up better cut away than eaten.On the whole, my friend and I devoured our meal, grunting with satisfaction throughout and leaving just that little bit extra for deeply satisfying leftovers the next day. Killen's is a properly run joint creating properly delicious BBQ, and Houstonians should be driving--nay, running--to Pearland for a taste. The brick-and-mortar is coming soon. When it arrives, expect the accolades and the even bigger crowd to soon follow. For now, you'll have to settle for the sneak preview and a sampling of some of the finest BBQ Houston has to offer.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,8/9/2013,251,161,13,17,14>There is something endearing about buying a huge bag okra from a little old lady wrapped up in a shawl. It may be that this was the third place I tried to find that specific item or that she suckered me into buying grapes and plums on top of that. I didn't walk away feeling cheated because what I paid was what I usually spend on just one item of produce elsewhere.  She was also a very sweet old lady.In learning the how tos of shopping in this fair city Caninos should be the first stop of any tour.The inside of the actual market is well stocked and reasonably priced. A month ago I spent 6 dollars on 3 poblano peppers at Whole Foods, a week ago I spent 2 dollars on 4 of them at this farmers market. The ones purchased here were much larger in size, had more of a sheen and I didn't feel like I was being robbed by some hipster with a lip ring asking me if I knew what the item code was.The outdoor area is a bit narrow but you can find almost anything your heart desires. Oh you wanted some pecans with a potted rose bush? And a basket of potatoes as well? Bam! All at one stand. Under 10 bucks.Good deals will have you doing what the boyfriend calls "buying for a family of 4 for a house of 1".
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,8/8/2013,55,153,5,7,7>I love me some Witchcraft.  How much do I love them?  Enough to go every week.First, I would like to recognize how well the staff runs the place.  They make sure your glass is never empty.  They always help out with the food menu and let me elaborate... portobello mushroom burger with bacon!  If you can't find something on the menu to eat, just talk to them and voila.I need YOU to drink more beer here.  The more beer you and I drink lets me try new kegs.  If you are like me, then we need to try more brews.Lastly, this is your neighborhood bar.  I've had some great conversations and met some really great people here.  You can't put a price on that!
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,8/7/2013,210,276,4,7,8>Finally a true place for craft brews in Kemah. From the folks at Bakkhus comes Skallywags. For the time being it is just a bar with a lot of cool craft brews on tap and in bottles. I'd say over 30 taps including some hard to find ones. The decor is super cool and the crowd is fun and boisterous. They have full bar as well.  In the future they will be offering burgers and such and by that I mean top notch burgers including wildgame from what I hear. In the meantime drop by and sample the coolest selection of craft beer in the Kemah area along with a great(and attractive) staff. I will update once food is being served. Until then try a burger at Bakkhus(just a few doors down if you get hungry.  Update..  They have added food and it is great. Think pub grub/ food truck.  They have an amazing pulled pork sandwich with cilantro ginger slaw,  The Wyatt Earp- Buffalo burger, caramelized onion, bacon marmalade, smoked bleu chz, and jalepeno on Slow Dough Pretzel bun. Gyro Chilli dog on a pretzel bun and more.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2013,8/5/2013,223,269,15,24,19>I have such a soft spot for no-frills, unpretentious diners that serve really good breakfast. If you do too, Omelette & Waffle Restaurant is right up your alley. If you're still 'waffling' over the decision to go to Sharpstown for brunch, hopefully this review will 'egg' you on.Now that I've concluded the verbal acrobatics (har), everything here is fresh, well-prepared and delicious. We came late on a Sunday afternoon (it closes at 3) and had no problem getting seated. I had the combo plate with scrambled eggs, a half-waffle and hash browns while the most Elite of Yelpers, David N., dug into a corned beef omelette, potato cake and toast.I tried the omelette and potato cake and both were awesome. The omelette was very fluffy and the potato cake was well-seasoned and crispy. The seasoning almost tasted Indian. I really enjoyed all of my breakfast. The waffle reminded me a bit too much of those that we used to make in the waffle iron in my college dorm cafeteria. I wonder if they're using the same batter. I used to enjoy those though, so whatevah.I'm really glad we tried this place as brunch has become less a roll-out-of-bed-and-eat-delicious-food sort of ritual in most urban areas and more about finding the right dress to wear while still eating stuff coated with maple syrup. Adulthood is hard, man. That's why I embrace places like Omelette & Waffle more than ever. Where else can you roll in to impeccably clean tables, great service, free coffee refills before you've emptied your cup, tasty, simple food that doesn't leave you incapacitated to the point where you go back to bed until 6 PM and hot, fresh chips with awesome salsa at brunch even if you AREN'T ORDERING LUNCH? With that crescendo, I think I've made my point. If this homey little place were closer, I'd be a regular. O & M is a brunch OG, for sure. Don't come here if you are expecting bloody mary bars or red velvet pancakes. Come here if you want delicious breakfast, plain and simple.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,8/4/2013,152,164,8,11,8>New favorite hangout, y'all.There's no sign for this place. That may or may not change in the future. Walk down Main Street to Goro & Gun, look to your left and you'll probably see a friendly doorman. Give said doorman a smile and high-five because he is an awesome dude (full disclosure: he is a friend of mine but I am only friends with awesome people so this tells you something) and he'll open the door that leads to a tall red carpet-lined flight of stairs. Turn to your left, open the door, and you're where you want to be. The drinks aren't cheap, but they're some quality cocktails so fair enough. My favorite is the Baronesa, which is Brazilian Cachaca rum with peach. The interior is classic (long dark wood bar, dimly light dark wood seating booths, brightly colored Victorian-era lounge furniture) but unpretentious, as is the general vibe of the place. What's probably the biggest draw, other than the great drinks, is the 3rd floor patio that has a great view of Main Street. As I was leaving the bar on the first night I was here, I noticed a line had formed at the door. I thought this was odd because this place is far from being one of *those* places. I later learned that this is due to the city restricting capacity to new bars/clubs downtown. Last week they were only allowed 27 people and now they're up in the 50's. So, I can probably expect this place will get a lot more crowded as the word spreads and their capacity is raised.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,8/3/2013,229,569,16,10,8>Upscale, Sleepy Po-Boys is not. The ambiance can be best described as ascetic. The AC is questionable. The pace of one guy working in the kitchen can try a patron's patience. All of this, however, is rendered moot when they yell out that your food is ready (which incidentally was accompanied with, "Whoop, there it is!" to me as I approached the counter) and you take a first bite. I love it when NOLA flavor is done right in H-Town. I think this is the most spot on I've had it in town. Calliope's, now Cajun Stop, was my reigning champ, but they have serious competition now. I can't wait to go back and tear through their menu. I had the roast beef with gravy and wanted to slap my friend because it was so good. My chili cheese fries were not as hot on the tasty scale, but it was irrelevant--my po-boy was the stuff dreams are made of. Also, beverage-wise--I give strong props to anyone that serves red kool-aid. No refills, so I took a large one to go. It didn't last long. What a perfect lunch! Oh, and in case you're wondering. . . . the name "Sleepy" will make sense once you are done with your generously portioned meal. I wanted three naps to recover.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,8/2/2013,424,539,15,18,17>It's so fluffy!!!If Despicable Me ever needed a kolache sponsor, Fresh & Best Donuts would be their top choice!  The regular size could also double as a jumbo at other places, as the jumbo was downright ridiculous (I chickened out and got the regular). Sausage was good, and the cheese and jalapenos passed the test as well. The dough was obviously fluffy and not overly chewy.The regular glazed donut was good as well.  They offered to heat up both the kolache and donut, so that made the donut extra soft and pillowy.I ate at the store, so it was interesting to see how many regulars came and how nice the owner was to everyone. I was also impressed at the amount of customers, considering a Shipleys (too chewy) and Dunkin Donuts (too greasy) were within walking distance.I'd recommend this place, as next time I'll bring a few friends and we'll order the giant donut that was bigger than my head!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,8/1/2013,229,174,15,23,22>Ok so everybody must think I'm crazy since all I have been putting up are 5 star reviews, but they are all legit and here is another one!!!I saw this place on the feed section(Yelp App) and read the recent reviews and instantly bookmarked it. So today we went out here for lunch. The trailer is off of Barker Cypress/FM 529 in front of Ace Hardware(about 3.5 miles from my home). I ordered the brisket plate with green beans and potato salad, wife opted for the same but baked beans instead of green beans, and "the boy" got the sausage plate with potato salad and baked beans($8.99 each). Each plate came with bbq sauce(which I never use nor should I have to) and two slices of white bread. When I got home and opened my plate it had a large amount of meat and sides!! Ok ok now the brisket is some of the best I've had in Houston!! Extra moist,flavorful, and you can cut it with a spoon!! I tried my sons sausage and it was juicy and had a good snap when you bit into it. The sides were really good(all of them). Houston,Cypress, and Katy we have a real BBQ spot so we can stop eating at decent Rudy's!!! The owners are very nice and fast with the food. So if you live anywhere close then you better put this joint on your bookmarks!!!! I WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK!!!! Be prepared to gain weight LOL!!!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,7/31/2013,435,80,6,7,4>I'm a huge fan of this place.  My usual is the cortado-- I'm not a coffee expert, but I know it's good when I don't feel the need to add any sugar!  The food menu is limited but pretty solid.  OMG the biscuits.  I usually pass on biscuits to save stomach space/calories but not at Blacksmith.  The biscuit with marmalade and creme fraiche is delish.  PLEASE try this.  As I'm writing this, I'm thinking about how I need to make another trip!!  The sandwiches are good-- gruyere and ham, curried chicken...can't remember the rest right now.  I believe the yogurt is made in-house?  I've had the steak and eggs and while they were good, I still prefer going to a Vietnamese place for it (definitely a lot further out).  I haven't tried the croissants yet but I hear they're great too (How have I not tried them yet?? I LOVE CROISSANTS.  Next time, I'm thinking breakfast sandwich on a croissant. Mmmm....).  There's a parking lot in the back and I've never had trouble finding a spot.  Ditto for finding a table!  I typically go during lunch and the atmosphere is always super chill and I have no problem finding a table.  It makes me want to just bring a book to read while sipping on a latte.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,7/30/2013,148,304,3,9,4>To be honest, I really didn't want to eat here on Saturday night considering the night before my family and I had dinner at the other korean tofu place across Bellaire. However, I'm SO glad I did because not only was I able to get a (pretty much) side by side comparison, but I finally got a delicious and satisfying meal!The service between the 2 restaurants are incomparable! As soon as we sat down, drinks and salads were brought our (immediately) And when I was about to order the Galbi hot pot noodles, the server made sure I was aware it was a sweet dish. I'm so thankful he mentioned this because I don't think I would've enjoyed it! So I got my standard tofu soup instead. A couple pretty hilarious things happened here. When our server (who I wish we got his name, because he was AWESOME) starting brining by the ban chan - side dishes - the first round he brought was missing the potatoes. I swear, all 6 of us gasped in horror and sadness. However, immediately following this gasp, our server was back. With not only the 2 regular side dished sized potatoes, but also one massive plate of potatoes!! We fell in love immediately. And then, one of my friends dropped a chopstick. I kid you not, before my friend was able to pick it up from the floor, the server came by with a new set, plus an extra just in case! Seriously, a thousand times better service than the other place, and I really do enjoy the tofu soup here better as well! And the sides =) We got really lucky, and didn't have to wait for a table. But by the time we left, there were many people waiting outside. So tip: come early! I can't wait for my next korean food craving, because I will be back here for sure!
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,7/29/2013,101,74,12,9,10>I swear I reviewed Agora some time back, and came here to update said (imaginary) review. Apparently that never happened, so I will give my review, minus the thing that was important enough for the update, then post that thing at the end. Cool?So Agora, as everyone else has noted, is a great spot located pretty conveniently at Westheimer and Dunlavy. Like all of Montrose, parking spots here are practically currency. It has a pretty cool vibe, with all kinds of mismatched tables and chairs throughout. You can study at your preferred softness or firmness, table or couch. Outlets are not everywhere, but I found one pretty quickly on a mildly crowded morning.The coffee is pretty good...OK I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE. THE THING I WAS COMING TO REVIEW SPECIFICALLY WAS THE TEXAS PECAN ICED COFFEE (Whew. No more shouting, sorry you guys. I couldn't hold that in any longer.) I am tempted to give it that 5th star just because of this drink. I don't know how to describe it other than pure deliciousness. It is kind of like pecan pralines or that HEB Pecan Ice Cream, but in coffee form. Soooooo good.Cool place. Texas Pecan Iced coffee.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,7/28/2013,131,191,2,6,3>I went to Reef on a Friday night with a group of friends.  We called on our way (slightly before 8) to see if there would be a wait, and their earliest open reservation was for 8:45.  We all ordered a few drinks at the bar and relaxed while we waited.  The interior is bright and almost soothing with various shades of light turquoise.  It's perfectly fitting for an upscale seafood restaurant.  As soon as we sat down, we practically inhaled the bread.  With perfectly sized flakes of sea salt sprinkled on the top and a jalapeno jelly spread- it was almost too good to be true.  Although I'm not usually a big fan of mussels, we ordered them as an appetizer and I was extremely impressed.  The broth was delicious!  Slightly sweet and tangy but rich and bold. We even asked for more bread to dip in the broth after devouring the mussels.  I ordered the salmon with meyer lemon risotto as my main course.  The two stars of the dish definitely played well together.  Both of them were better together in one fork-full than on their own.  The tart bite from the risotto was a nice compliment to the salmon.  The drizzled chili oil on the side gave it just the slightest kick of heat.  Everybody else's main course looked equally amazing.  I even tried a bite of my boyfriend's brussels sprouts which were overwhelmingly flavorful.  For dessert we all split the blueberry financier, which was similar in consistency to a pound cake.  It was fantastic, and by this time we were all stuffed.  What a fabulous meal and dining experience!  Can't wait to go back again.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,7/27/2013,61,126,3,5,6>Oy! New York Coffee Shop is one of the best places to hit up for breakfast. I look forward to coming here every chance i get. The breakfast menu is extremely large and amazingly priced. The coffee stays hot and fresh as well as the bagels. I have to admit to you that i am a sucker for their potato pancakes..i blush at the mear thought of their glory!! Their homemade fries are no joke either...i would recommend you order them crispy though..for that extra oomph! The service is quite prompt and although the line goes out the door on weekends...you get seated fairly quickly. Their bakery next door is also pretty awesome. The challah bread here is fluffy, fresh, and uber delish. The bagels i would recommend here would be the pumpernickel, garlic, and onion. The chive cream cheese is a personal favorite of mine and i suggest you try it..but beware you will fall in love! The only problem with New York Coffee Shop are all of the charity/donation people outside...they can be quite annoying. Final thought: New York Coffee Shop is pretty damn good.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,7/26/2013,76,310,2,7,4>Go once and you are hooked....can't wait to go back.Spend the extra few bucks and buy the VIP tickets but don't wait until just before 7 to get there. You want to get a good seat in the VIP area. There may be chairs and all but you still don't have an assigned seat and want to get a prime viewing spot. If you get the GA tickets you'll find yourself standing for 2+ hours or sitting on the hard floor. Just a word of advice from this middle aged gal.For your ticket you get a garage band, hilarious (but informative) announcers, a few in the crowd promotions, two hour long games and if your lucky like we were you meet some very cool people who are having fun too!This is not the roller derby of your Saturday mornings as a kid...these gals follow league rules, play hard and have some mad skating skills. Plus very cool names: Bustin' Beaver, Rapid Monkey (which we thought was Rabid Monkey most of the night!), Jekyll & Heidi, Mayhem Angelou and this one Fright Train that kicked some serious skating butt.The usual overpriced Bayou Place booze is available, they sell some cool merch for the roller derby teams and it's good clean fun...bring your family.PS - it's not a quiet sport so little bitty ones or those who don't like loud rock music and constant sound may not enjoy it as much. But if you don't mind two hours of constant music and chatter you're good to go.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2013,7/25/2013,103,315,8,10,9>Looked forward to this place opening for months and wasn't disappointed. They managed quite well to walk the line between old-fashioned ice-house (lots of open-air, outdoor space) and craft-beer bar. To not make it pretensious but having high-end choices is harder than it seems. We all know the double-edged sword that is the Down House - amazing attention to the craft of cocktails, great food, but it sometimes trips over its own introspection. D&T (so far) has managed to avoid that and has rapidly moved into my list of go-to places for a great pint and relaxed atmosphere.Also - Tuesday steak night is kick-ass. The guy running the grill has a real knack, and the sides are above average, with the "bacon bits" one night actually being giant cubes of pork belly. It put most bacon bits to serious shame. The recent salad dressing choices for the salad have also been well above average for a bar steak-night. I hope the upcoming kitchen doesn't ruin what has become a staple for me lately.Only downside is there is a little bit of hipster service now and then (that is, being ignored as one or two of the staff ponder their nails or look right through you), but for the most part they are very earnest and helpful. Give this place a try.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,7/24/2013,419,749,4,16,10>Gluten Free Houston has been invaluable in helping us to transition to a gluten free lifestyle.  When my fiance found out that he was gluten-intolerant, I felt like my entire baked goods life was over.  Gluten Free Houston, thanks to their incredible cupcakes, breads and cookies, told me emphatically that my assumption was incorrect.Now Gluten Free Nation, since the owners decided to take the business national, GFH/GFN is still important to me.  I'm more confident baking GF from scratch and don't lean on them as heavily as I used to.  Now I buy things from them I would have trouble making myself as a timesaver.  This past Thanksgiving was our first sans gluten, and as I'm not really that confident making pie crusts with wheat flour, much less GF blends, I decided I would pick up a few of their pie shells.  I made a pumpkin pie that was pretty much decimated by my gluten-consuming family, who found it flaky, delicious and virtually indistinguishable from the normal wheat version.  We also used their stuffing kit, which I used in combination with an America's Test Kitchen recipe for turkey dressing and was absolutely phenomenal.  I was so pleased with the pie shells I bought more for Christmas, and received the same rave reviews.Their storefront, located in a business park off Wirt, is your best bet for freshness, although you can find a more truncated selection of their products at local groceries, including the HEB Montrose Market that I frequent.  Check their Facebook for special products available only at their store.  This Valentine's day I picked up a six-pack of decorated cookies for my fiance, and he was overjoyed to have a Valentine's treat that didn't make him sick.  I also could have chosen some GF strawberry macarons or red velvet cupcakes.If you or someone you love is gluten-intolerant, I'd highly recommend picking up a gluten-free treat for them here.  (It isn't cheap, which is why my emphasis is on the word "treat".)  My fiance and I are already looking forward to our wedding reception here in Houston, where we'll have a small gluten-free cake for us to cut and sheet cakes for everyone else.  I'll order our cake from Gluten Free Nation--that is, if I don't make it myself.  :)
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,7/23/2013,556,161,21,17,13>What rating do you give a place with the absolute BEST massage, with the CHEAPEST price, and the WORST possible ambiance? Well I used to live at The Palms, so I suppose my standards aren't so high --- I give it a 4.The place is so cheap that I don't even want to say how cheap... The ambiance could only be worsened by a parade of poor people (like myself) trying to get the best deal. I think their location and feel has forced them to recently decrease their prices.My last two experiences were... interesting, to say the least. On my first visit back, I think their A/C was busted but they weren't saying anything about it. Instead, they kept the front door open. I laid down to prepare for my massage... a woman who'd just gotten hers came and sat in a chair next to me and exclaimed, "Man lady you good! You so good lady! You the best," over and over and over... loudly. Then, before she exited, she coughed and farted at the same time. I almost died inside. Despite the awkward customer and the broken A/C, I ended up getting the best massage I've ever had.The second time it seemed that the A/C was working.  The massage began. It was so perfect that I was quickly lulled to sleep. About 20 minutes in, I was startled back to consciousness by my masseuse who was "quietly" yelling expletives in Chinese across the room to a co-worker. I didn't say anything and she apologized afterwards, but I could still hear her mumbling in Chinese because she was so mad about something. A few minutes later I was dozing off again... only to be awoken by a group of loud, obviously American, customers, asking if they had room for 5 people at 9:30 PM. Granted, this isn't the massage parlors fault, but there should be a better way to keep noise out. Once we got to the back room I proceeded to get another "technically" flawless massage.So, in the end, would I go back? Of course I would. I'm broke like a joke and the massages are great. If you're turned off easily by bad ambiance then run the other direction. I, on the other hand, will take the unexpected chaos for the insanely cheap price.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,7/22/2013,100,119,27,16,16>A warning message was posted on the bottom of their takeout menu:"Chef's note: Because we prepare your spiciness upon your request; if your order is too spicy, you will be responsible for your order and will have to pay for new item 'Thai hot' , you will be responsible for your order and will pay extra for new order."Ignoring it, I got on the phone and requested 'green curry chicken Thai hot' and was warned again by a Thai lady over the phone."ARE YOU SURE? THAI HOT IS VERY SPICY!"I said yes and then immediately drove 15 minutes to Thai Gourmet. Their restaurant is beautiful. The entrance has water features, gardens, and a coy pond. Inside, nice paintings decorate the walls. Staff was very polite. I took my order home.Digging in, the first bite was delicious and spicy. The more I ate though, the spicier it got. And I could not stop eating it because it tasted great! Beads of sweat dripped from my face and my nose started running. I'm glad I was eating at home because I probably looked a little ridiculous. I ate it all!So next time I order 'Thai hot' here and am warned by that Thai lady over the phone, I may just recite lyrics from John Mellencamp:Let's see what we can do, come on and make it upHurt so goodCome on baby, make it hurt so goodSometimes love don't feel like it shouldYou make it hurt so good
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,7/21/2013,77,534,8,9,10>Curry, say it a little louder, Curry, a little louder now, CURRY, hell ya.Wait, did I say curry?  That wonderful generic term the Western culture places upon certain Indian, Pakistan, Thai or many other Asian/Eastern culture dishes that were assimilated into the west?  Yes, that is right.  Wonderful Indian/fusion curry dishes that are out of this world good.With that introduction (while listening to some Vijay Iyer as I type, don't ask, just look him up) this is a great little Indian restaurant.  Through the front door, there is an L shaped dinning area with booths and tables.  Areas are separated by curtains, with an open kitchen.  There is a bar area in the back.  The half square bar seats maybe 10 people.  There is a good selection of wine and beer.  Everything on tap is from a Texas brewery.  512, Deep Ellum, Karback, well they rotate so there is a big spread of great breweries.If sitting by the kitchen area, it will be hot and loud.  Though very much worth it.  I have been several times.  The service has always been very friendly, quick, courteous, and oh so knowledgeable.  I love the different Thalis's (chefs choice of curry).  The different curries available are amazing, and this is a great way of trying several with one meal.  The Rancher is excellent, with chicken, lamb, and beef curry.  Though my favorite so far has been Earth.  I am a meat guy.  I have to have meat, though this might be the best meal I have had without any meat what so ever.  The paneer and winter curry are amazing, not to mention the smoked eggplant.  The winter curry being of pumpkin and squash. All come with a side of naan bread.Say it fast, curry, curry, curry.  Not to mention the rest of the menu.  Excellent burgers, that are not what you think (I would have included this in my burgers list, but they are not the traditional beef/ground meat burgers I was going for).  One of my favorite restaurants in Houston that is casual and upscale at the same time.  Just a great place.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,7/20/2013,226,316,6,11,6>We're always on the lookout for a great burger joint. Had heard about this place and finally was able to go. First off, I think some of the reviews might be dated, but they do have seating here. I talked to the owner when I was checking out and I think he said that it was seating like up to I think 40 people? Very casual picnic style seating with tables for 4-6 people but could be easily be pulled together. All the burgers sounded amazing and I ended up getting the Truck-Stopper which was super delicious. Taking a classic American burger and adding bacon and an onion ring - awesome. From the sides we got, my favorite was the tater tots (probably because we took our order to go and they were the ones that held up the best for "crispiness"; I bet the fries would be better hot and fresh before they got soggy from the heat in the containers).If you're taking to go, highly recommend calling ahead since they cook to order. The person on the phone was very helpful and patient with my 6 person order and when we got the order, everything was exactly right. It's family ran, which always gives me a warm and fuzzy that it's almost like my parents making a home-cooked meal for me. They were super sweet.Will definitely be coming back here for a juicy 1/2 lb burger!
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,7/19/2013,251,713,5,24,15>I live inside the loop, and not really near any decent Indian restaurants.  There are three really great, higher end restaurants nearby, but nothing everyday affordable.  They don't have chaat and no sweets counter.  Okay, one has a cookie counter, but think gourmet chocolate chip cookies and the occasional Ladoo, not any Gulab Jamun or Burfi.  Nothing lounging in aromatic simple syrup.For me, Hilcroft is a bit of a leap outside of "my area" to be going on a regular basis, so I subsist on perhaps once a month heading in that direction.  I have my favorites, which lean towards the Southern Indian and vegetarian (or at least chicken and fish varieties).  So, why would I catapult myself so very far out of "my area," when a leap would find me knee deep in Sambar, Thali Plates, Dosi, Gulab Jamun, etc?Indian food, an article in the paper regarding said Indian food (with pretty pictures), a review or two, a mention of Punjabi-style cuisine, and my Indian food cohorts.  Also, I didn't have to drive.Indian Express is worth the drive (or in my case, ride in the car).  The food AND the service.I had the Halwa Plate.  Get the Halwa Plate.  Any Thali with a heaping scoop of halwa is going to put you in momentary paradise.  Certainly it's dessert, but so what.  It also came with a rather spicy Chana Masala and some sort of Aloo Curry.  I was oscillating between sweet and spicy, sweet and spicy.  Lots of spicy.  (It was a cleansing sweat.)The owner/son took care of our group.  He waited on us, took our order, and brought us a few extras.  One of which was some sort of Chana flour based snack.  Think bar food (eat with your hands, small bite-sized pieces, a little fatty, a little carby, a bit of protein), but Indian and most likely healthy.  They were shaped like those fried lo mein noodles, but healthier.  There was actually a counter full of various types of snack type food, but between the sweets and savory snacks, I was all about the Gulab Jamun.I picked up a few sweets on my way out.  Gulab Jamun, Pista Burfi, and Jalebi.  When we first arrived, we were treated to a piece of Jalebi, piping hot.  It was fresh!  I got some to go for good measure.  Of the three, I liked the Gulab Jamun and Jalebi best.  If I were to rate the Gulab Jamun, I'd say it's pretty close to Raja's.  I grew up on Raja's, so that's saying quite a bit.  I also had some other sort of cheese in syrup.  I can't recall the name, but it was pretty tasty, as well.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,7/18/2013,24,250,11,9,9>Tacos tacos tacos. Corn corn, double corn! Wow, this was a fantastic experience for me, and the best tacos I've had yet. My first suggestion would be to try their al pastor with cheese. They use the GOOD STUFF. Wash it down with a grapefruit soda, and you'll be golden. Fajitas also come highly recommended. Green sauce over red to get a fresh crispness with your food, or the chipotle red for some smoky goodness.This is the real deal people. Please come prepared with cash and know how to at least say, "thank you" in Spanish. While you're here, pick up some groceries from the farmer's market right next door.See you again.Love,Stomach. Your New Best Friend.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,7/17/2013,37,103,,7,6>In my previous city, Saturday mornings were farmers market time.  Since moving to Texas, I've really missed that sense of community and of course that fresh local produce and proteins.  Greenling has filled that hole in my heart with some good local pork and fresh organic greens.  My first order went flawlessly.  Their returnable box system makes logistics very easy.  I will be a satisfied repeat customer for a long time to come.Where you choose to source your food is a fundamentally moral choice.  It is a fortunate side benefit that happy animals and organic veggies tend to taste better, too.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,7/16/2013,232,157,8,15,16>Can you trust a skinny chef?!?  Only if its Chef Paul Friedman!!!Since this was my first birthday in Houston, we had to make it memorable and Chef Paul Friedman and his Peli Peli family did just that!!!Chef Paul Friedman goal "was to bring people into a place to be fed naturally and spiritually at the same time!"  I never imagined food and religion would taste soooo good:-) As we were seated, we couldn't help but notice the stunning decor.  In the center of the restaurant stands a beautiful structure that represents the Acacia Tree, the tree of life.  In all four corners of the restaurant are bibles in different languages.  This restaurant was made in dedication to God and what a mighty God we serve!Our server provided us with an intro to South Africa, the spices, the history of Peli Peli and so forth.  After his intro, we were ready to order everything on the menu.  Between the four of us, we had the Cape Town Skillet, Chilean Seabass, Herb Crusted Lamb Chops and Garlic Filet.  The food was so spectacular that we all began to sample each other plates in disbelief.  Every bite had that WOW factor.  You will not be disappointed by anything on the menu.  As we had dessert, we began to ask more questions about the history of Peli Peli.  Our server informed us of a book for purchase with all the details.  The book was $20 but the sale of the book is used to sponsor kids through compassion international - releasing children in poverty.  After purchasing the book, Chef Paul Friedman joined our party, autographed my book and took a few pictures with us in honor of my birthday.  He also discussed the importance of giving back and living a life of integrity.  By the time he left, we receive the picture we took in a frame.  It was also posted on Peli Peli facebook page.  The next day, I began reading his book about his life story, passion and love for the lord.  It was so inspiring, the following week I went to church for the first time in 5 years.  The book is also full of about 30 south African recipes and healthy alternatives.Overall, this was the BEST dining experience I ever had in my life.  I saved this review so it would be my 100th!!  Chef Paul Friedman is truly a blessing to Houston.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,7/15/2013,309,304,3,12,9>First meal of 2013! I came here with my sister on New Year's Day and it was good. It's located in the same shopping center as the Pappasito's on the intersection of Richmond and Kirby. We ordered the Memphis, Bulgogi, Peking Duck, Curry, Pork Belly, and Smores Bao to share. We also ordered a side of cauliflower.  The cauliflower has curry in it and it was good but I like the roasted cauliflower my sister cooks better. There wasn't as much flavor as I would have liked. I think it needs more curry. My favorites were the Bulgogi, Memphis, Pork Belly, and Smores. The Bulgogi comes with kimchi and it is packed with flavor! The Memphis and Pork Belly both have a fatty meat inside and the Memphis comes with a spicy mayo. I didn't like the Peking Duck because it was dry in comparison to the crispy and fatty meat at Chinese restaurants. I also didn't like the Curry because I'm not a big fan of purple onion.The Smores Bao was a great dessert and we will be trying the Crab Daddy and Fried Ice Cream Bao next time we visit!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,7/14/2013,2219,1117,17,19,22>The East End is always fun to explore because you never know what you are going to find. Champ has been on my to-try list to try for quite some time, but they are closed weekends, and that is typically my feasting time where I can casually eat any manner of beast. However this was a slow Monday and these 100 reviews for the year are not going to write themselves, so I need to try new places instead of going to Treebeards again. It is the same set-up as Sparkle: walk-up to the order window, wait in line, place order, pay, and wait for your number to be called. They give you little tabs with your order number on it, however the lady working the window recognized everyone (including me) by sight from the order we placed earlier, so she knows what she is doing if your little tab blows away in the wind (it was really windy today.) While I enjoy the food at Sparkle, and it spawned an internet famous aphorism "not to let anyone dull your sparkle" I would say that (a) the location is worse as far as downtown workers go but (b) it is a block off the light rail when that switch gets flipped, and (c) the food quality is a little higher end than Sparkle. For fairness' sake I will also include comparisons to Stanton's City Bites, The Refinery, Lankford, Hard Rock Cafe, and Beck's Prime just so nobody gets picked on, but you can fairly evaluate a big-burger experience.A review of their food in two acts today:Champ Burger with bacon and cheese: weighing in at 1/3 pound patty at $4.89 the value is inherently there for how much food you get. This is a large burger to eat - definitely on the north side of 1/3 pound at least compared to what 1/3 is at Fuddrucker's. Larger than the patty at Sparkle definitely. It is not lean at all. It is juicy. I got everything on top of it so I am not sure how it is plain, but taken in sound proportion with lettuce/tomato/mayo/ketchup/bacon/cheese and the bun it is a very enjoyable bite every time. Though a word of caution, it does get drippy, so don't eat over your khaki pants. While I thought it was humorous as the lady was handing me the bag, she hesitated for a moment and grabbed more napkins and shoved them in the bag before handing it over. I thought it was funny because I always have to ask people for extra napkins. But she was so good at her job she gave me one look walking up and correctly thought to herself: "this idiot is probably going to get mustard on himself at least twice today, better lend a hand getting him out of a spot of bother later." The bacon is not piled on to the agonizing excess of Lankford's grim burger where literally it is a pound of bacon, but there is so much there that you feel like you definitely got your money's worth, unlike paying more at Whataburger and getting so much less. The bacon is crispy and salty, just like the Flying Spaghetti Monster intended. The cheese is much higher quality than Sparkle - it adds a smooth, creamy offset in a bite of the burger - and the mayo rounds it out for perfection. There are no "Designer" sorts of burgers like the Refinery however when you do the basics like a bacon cheeseburger so tremendously well, who cares you can't something fancier. And they do the basics so much better than Beck's Prime that can at least be covered up with heavy doses of jalapenos and onions in Bill's Burger. While Hard Rock has a fantastic plain burger, Champ rivals them, just they are in a different zip code so it's much harder to swing if you have tickets for the Alley and want to stay in walking distance, HRC is always going to win. Also unlike Stanton's which offers the tremendously pleasing Brunch Burger, Champ offers nothing in the way of a fried egg option, but they do offer a unique option of putting a ham slice on a burger. I like odd things like that maybe next time.Beer battered onion rings: ringing up at $2.15 compared to the $3.25 chili cheese fries I am inclined to agree with David N. that the onion rings are delicious. They are thick but well-formed, unlike Sonic's failboats where you bite into it and the onion slides out in a failure pile of sadness. The batter is pleasing, it tastes like 'Merica.Other things to add: David N.'s review from 2011 writes that it is cash only, and that has changed, they accept credit cards now - including Discover. That review almost scared me off because I hate cash only places like Lankford. There's a large part of me that has a sincere distaste for walking around town with peasant napkins, or as the mainstream media calls them, dollar bills. So if you too dislike peasant napkins, then bring ol' plastic here and have a good time, unlike Lankford which refuses to join the 20th century and accept Daddy's credit card.Champ is a winner if you are willing to leave downtown at lunch.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,7/13/2013,189,326,4,7,4>This review is based on their desserts.Who doesn't love birthday celebrations?!?! I know I certainly do, and every month my company orders two cakes mostly from Ruggles Bakery. This has given me plenty of opportunities to try all the different things Ruggles has to offer, however I'll only go through a few.Carrot Cake: This cake is good, but not my favorite. Great flavor and the icing might have something to do with it. Red Velvet Cake: One of my favorites and probably one of my favorite red velvet cakes. The cream cheese frosting is delicious and the cake is moist. Can't go wrong with this one if you're in the mood for some red velvet.German Chocolate Cake: I didn't particularly like this one. It was heavy and the flavor wasn't to my preference. It might also be that I've never really like German chocolate cake, but I thought this one was too sweet for my tastes. Chocolate Truffle Cake with Grand Marnier Mousse: This one is another favorite for me. The mousse is light making the cake feel light as well. Definitely delicious and full of chocolate goodness. Grandma's Yellow Cake: This cake is NO GOOD. Don't order this one out of the many different options you have. For some reason, this cake feels very heavy even though it shouldn't and it probably has to do with the chocolate icing they have on top. I wouldn't recommend this one at all.Chocolate Mint Mousse Cake: My absolute favorite! Definitely recommend this cake out! You would think a chocolate cake would have a very rich texture but this one is actually pretty light and the mint mousse is absolutely delicious. I missed a birthday celebration due to a meeting, but when I heard this cake was being serve I made sure my coworker knew to grab me a slice. Definitely couldn't pass this one up!Also I noticed they also have the the White Chocolate Bread Pudding and Charlotte's Web dessert here too. Those are delicious as well but I would definitely order the white chocolate bread pudding over the Charlotte's web.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,7/12/2013,98,121,1,12,8>If you want to operate a niche restaurant in the cutthroat arena that is Houston's Chinatown, then you better be the best at it, or else learn how to be very quickly. Fortunately for the rest of us, Mala Sichuan Bistro offers undoubtedly the best Sichuan food that Houston has to offer, and therefore, is easily a go-to place any time you're in the mood for a numbingly spicy experience.First of all, Mala is obsessed with their signature red oil sauce, which they drizzle on dozens of their dishes. It is a must try. So start with the red oil wontons, which soak up that oil very nicely, and then move on to the mapo tofu, a signature of Sichuan cuisine. Next, move on to the water-boiled fish, quite possibly one of the most classic dishes of all time.Finish off with the crispy chicken, which is jammed with peppers to your heart's content. But above all, try the kung pao chicken, just to appreciate the vast difference between a Chinese classic and its Americanized counterpart.In all, Mala executes all of the classic Sichuan dishes almost flawlessly. Yes, the dishes don't get very spicy, but the customers seem to like it better that way, and the food will still numb your tongue with all that aniseed cooked inside. And yes, all that red oil will soak into your bloodstream, so make sure to get plenty of exercise afterwards.Either way, come prepared for great food, with great service, in a great atmosphere. The staff is efficient, attentive, and clearly above par for Chinatown. The inside is clean and the decor is comfortable. But above all, and I can't stress this enough, the food is rockin'.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,7/11/2013,305,198,3,14,10>Ever have an experience with the restaurant where you did not have a single complaint? Where your experience was so good that you and your companion leave and can do nothing but rant and rave about your experience?I had that here. I wanted to complain about the price, but the portions ended up being huge. I ordered barley tea and was upset initially that it came in such a small cup, but my kind server refilled it on a regular basis. My cup never went dry. Each slice of meat was generously sliced. My plate of veggies had a lot of variety. It was literally heaping with options.Our dipping sauces were absolutely delicious. I was very happy with their ponzu and their sesame sauce.My friend was so satisfied with the restaurant, she felt like she had to say so at least 10 different times on the way back. Needless to say, I was happy...
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,7/10/2013,439,301,7,11,9>I was introduced to this place by a Cuban coworker and let me just say...the lunch buffet is banging (insert something more fitting in spanish if you're fluent lol)I judge ethnic restaurants by their clientele. So I'm thinking I'm already a step ahead because my coworker rec'd it but when I walked in and saw basically all the clientele looking the same, I knew the food was good!  And I wasn't disappointed...Our group all ate from the lunch buffet $7.99.  It's only a handful of dishes + a kettle of soup and a salad; we aren't talking Chinese buffet here.  It's literally a rectangular table in the corner.  I don't even know the names of the food I tried, sorry...but most of it was delicious!  The rice and black beans, all the meat dishes were so good but the pork one was just melt in your mouth delicious!!!! The only thing I didn't care for was the yuca...it was steamed or something but it doesn't work for me.  The place is uber small, packed during lunch.  The service was friendly...no complaints.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,7/9/2013,215,403,10,20,17>The Etruscans invented charcuterie.  That means the Italians have had several millennia to pursue the perfection of it.  I think they've arrived.  Welcome to the Vinoteca and Salumi house that is Poscol.The salumi is truly amazing, though the items made in-house shine the most.  The bresaola is the best, though a close second is the pork cheek sausage.  Add a nice selection of cheeses to it and right there you have a reason to eat here.They continue with the small bites theme with the amazing calamari braised in a tomato and wine sauce.  The shishito peppers were tasty, and the fact that a few random ones are incredibly hot makes you feel like you are playing the lottery.Fantastic flatbreads, though I definitely prefer the specials I've had to those on the regular menu (some are too light on toppings).  The secondo piatti (main courses) specials always catch my attention.  Lesson: don't just go by the online menu.The wine list is, of course, fantastic and a huge draw.  A wide selection of Italian white and reds.  The wines I've had there were excellent for the price.  I find Italian wine to be one of the most challenging to navigate through, with so many appellations and varietals.  So far, everything I've had here was tasty.And to finish: dolce.  The Roman figs with marscapone cheese was so unique and so amazing that you should come for this alone.  I've tried their other offerings, and while good there's always a plate of the figs at our table when we go.Ah, la dolce vita.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,7/8/2013,104,160,9,25,21>Ba Mien Bistro offers delicious Vietnamese noodles and sandwiches with an ambiance that far exceeds the usual Vietnamese restaurants.  The white walls, silvery chairs, and metallic tables along with the sparse yet polished decor brings a new glimpse of what kind of atmosphere a noodle house can offer at the next level. The bright, classy, and clean look of this new establishment excited me upon entering.  I am accustomed to the long benches, kids squabbling, dirty soup spoon and chopstick holders, and sticky containers holding sauces that are synonymous to many Vietnamese restaurants.  This place has none of those.  It may not house the most spacious dining room, but it is perfect for a couple or small handful of friends.As for the menu, they offer spring rolls, noodle soups, vermicelli and rice dishes, and banh mi.  It's the usual Vietnamese fare, but something that you might not find everywhere is the fried pastry with pork.  I will have to get it next time and report back on it.From the counter, my dining companion and I ordered the spring rolls, bun bo hue, and a banh mi.  We were the only patrons at the time, and the food came out quickly.  The spring rolls contained flavorful pieces of meat.  They were indeed springy and fresh. The two flavors dipping sauce was topped with crushed peanuts and was the perfect accessory to those tasty treats.  The bun bo hue contained a superb broth - not too salty or oily, with a depth of flavor and spices that sings upon hitting the tongue.  The banh mi was not the best, but it was a good attempt.  Their version includes shredded daikon as well as a generous portion of cilantro.  The meat was flavorful and tasty though the portion was on the light side, but the glaring problem to me was the bread.  It was chewy and not toasted. For me, the perfect banh mi must have that lightly crisp toasted bread.The music is quite nice. A lot of  romantic songs were playing while we were eating.Outside is a small patio, which offers outdoor dining, perfect for those beautiful days. Their menu boasts MSG Free, Wifi, catering, and BYOB.Will return for a  nice quiet lunch here when in the area.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,7/7/2013,193,129,8,10,9>This place is a real gem!! One of my favorites in Midtown when I'm craving some Vietnamese bites.Their banh mi's are very good. The baguettes are fresh, nicely toasted, and perfectly crispy. If you force me to choose, I'd say Les Givrals banh mi are better, but that's no shame or any knock on Cali Sandwich. I've never been disappointed when ordering a sammich here :) A pleasant surprise was their drinks. I happened to be here one night craving tapioca milk tea, and ordered it off the menu. At first I was bummed that they only had jellies vs actual tapioca balls, but the milk tea was very, very good and hit the spot - very creamy and sweet without masking the tea flavor.But on Nupur L.'s suggestion/review, I've found my absolute favorite on the menu - salted toasted tofu!! Ok, this stuff is ridiculous. It's once fried tofu that is sauteed with onions and peppers. You dip the tofu into this unknown mixture of salt, pepper, and other stuff which I can only assume must include some type of crack...the flavors are amazing - the spiciness of the peppers, sweetness of the onions, the saltiness and kick from the dipping mixture...WOW. Oh yea...it comes with a side of white rice as well. I could eat this all day and every day! Definitely a try if you're not sure what to order off the menu.Next try on the menu for me is the BBL!
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,7/5/2013,109,483,1,9,5>I have been patiently waiting to try Crisp for weeks now. My husband and I decided to venture over here after we attended the Nutcracker at Wortham and really didn't want to hang out with the crowds of downtown. I suggested Crisp unknowing if it would be crowded like some reviewers mentioned. We arrived a little after 10 PM and it was dead. There were a few couples, and a few groups of friends. I am assuming because it is the holiday season and people are off to Christmas parties and such. We easily found a nice booth and sat ourself. We were immediately greeted by a waiter and placed our drink order. I think his name was Daniel, he was really friendly, attentive and informative. The menu has a lot of options and everything sounded really good. We ordered:The Saffron Arancini: 3 large Fried Risotto balls stuffed with mozzarella cheese on top of an orange thyme vinaigrette. We enjoyed the actual Risotto balls but pairing with the vinaigrette was just a miss for my husband. It actually tasted more like an Asian style sweet chili sauce and that is what it looked like. On their website, Crisp makes a big to-do about their tomato sauce. It seems like an obvious pairing but they decided to think way outside the box with this one. I would order these again but not on top of the orange sauce. Texas Shrimp Carbonarra: Aged Provolone, Smoked Bacon, Sweet Peas, Alfredo, Fresh Sage and Fried Yard Egg. I chose the olive oil/sea salt crust. I LOVED this pizza. My husband who scoffed at the idea of peas on a pizza actually enjoyed it too. The toppings were plentiful and the crust was just right. In fact I could have enjoyed the crust on its own! He even enjoyed it reheated the next day. This pizza is 14 inches and can feed about 2 to 3 hungry people.Crisp's Brisket Burger: Hand Formed Patty, Balsamic Onion, Tomato, Basil, Aged Provolone, and Sage Mayo On Ciabatta. This was my husband's choice. It was more like a sandwich than a burger and really big. I was impressed with the portion size and they added the prosciutto for no extra charge. All of the flavors melted together wonderfully. The Ciabatta was light and crispy and not too chewy. It was served with amazing crispy fries tossed in herbs and garlic. I had 3 glasses of wine from the by the glass menu. 2 of the 2010 Citra - Montepulciano D'Abruzzo and 1 of the Malbec. I will say that they are a tad stingy with the wine. For $7 I would have liked to have my glass at least 1/2 full but it seemed like only 1/4th full. Their glasses are rather large but honestly to me it didn't even seem like 1/2 a glass.Over all I really enjoyed this place. It is a really cozy and great for a date night or a place for friends to relax and have a bite to eat and enjoy some wine. We could actually have a conversation with out screaming over loud music or annoying drunk people. There was a guy playing guitar and singing. We really enjoyed him and found it soothing and even a little romantic. It seems like a really well rounded place for foodies, beer lovers and wine lovers. I will be back to try some of their other pizzas an enjoy the cozy atmosphere.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,7/4/2013,70,95,4,7,4>I saw Mamak while finding parking for Tofu Village, and it was the best accident ever!  I never joined the hype for Banana Leaf which is probably fifty steps away, but I am definitely now a fan of Malaysian food-- Yummy! ^^The interior is spacious and more decorated than the average Chinatown restaurant; it's kind of similar to Cafe 101.  There is even a glass window where the kids (and me!) can peer into the kitchen area and watch them make roti and grill satay meat!  Super entertaining, and the staff is super nice.  Everyone was really warm and welcoming!Mamak's menu offers Chinese and Thai food along with the Malaysian fare (all in English, woohoo!  That means you can bring your non-Chinese friends too :P).  They have descriptions, so no worries for the unversed diner either :DFood was at the table quickly and came out all at once.  We had the Kapitan noodles (stir fried flat noodles with brown sauce, squid, pork, shrimp, and Asian broccoli).  It was sweet and savory, and there was no pool of oil on the bottom, which is common for stirfried flat noodles.  Delish~There was a vegetable dish with okra, eggplant, and green beans stirfried together.  I've never had this combination before, but this turned out to be my family's favorite!  The okra didn't have that slimy gooey feeling. There was a ton of fried shallots which really added to the flavor, om nom nom :3The Hainanese chicken came with a red spicy, sweet dipping sauce.  The meat was juicy and nicely salted from the soy sauce, and overall it was really tasty.  Not dry at all!  There were random cucumbers for garnish (AHH!  I'm not a cucumber fan), but even with those, I was happy we ordered the chicken.Lastly, spareribs!  We originally ordered the Salt and Pepper Spareribs, but our waiter recommended another version, saying that the salt/pepper can be ordered anywhere.  Since I'm getting senile already =_=, I sadly can't remember what it was called.  (*edit:  It was the Flaming Spareribs!)  It came wrapped in aluminum foil folded into a swan shape... AND it was on fire O_O  One of the waitresses opened it up at the table, and the spareribs were covered with a sticky sweet orange-brown sauce.  The meat was tender-- so tender that my dad was suspicious that it was undercooked, but I couldn't find anything wrong with it.  Really a delight to eat!The chicken came with a bucket of yellow rice, which wasn't as fragrant as the rice from Banana Leaf, but I would definitely choose Mamak over Banana Leaf any day.  I can't say that I know what *authentic* Malay food tastes like, but the food is darn delicious, the portions here are bigger, the space is prettier, the staff is warmer and check up on you, the crowd is more diverse, and you can watch roti-making in action!   I can't wait to eat our leftovers for lunch tomorrow~  This has become one of my favorite places in Chinatown-- see you soon Mamak!  :D
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,7/3/2013,29,109,3,10,4>This was our first visit to the Chopping Block, and definitely not our last! The burgers and hot dogs were excellent, the sides were tasty, and the service was great. Kevin, the manager, came out, gave me a few glasses of wine to taste before choosing one I like (they do not currently have a drink menu, but their food menu makes up for it in the meantime). Overall, great service and an excellent addition to the Rice Military area!As far as the food goes, we got quite the selection at our table: Vietnam Burger (yes, yes, and yes)Pioneer Burger (I didn't try it, but our friend who got it loved it)Brooklyn Burger (holy f bomb)Philly Burger (2 thumbs up)Mexican Dog (again, didn't try it but it looked like it just couldn't be bad)and the Baltimore Dog (good, but would probably try something else next time)Along with the burgers and dogs, we got the sweet potato fries, regular fries, fried green tomatoes, fried pickles, and the fried mac 'n cheese. You really can't go wrong with any of them, but I particularly enjoyed the tomatoes and pickles. Mmmm.I posted a couple menus to give an idea of prices and options. Definitely worth a try! Welcome to the neighborhood :)
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,7/2/2013,109,68,29,14,11>What is up with people walking faster than I run? Here I am dragging my pathetic calves around while super yoga mom is killing it with her power walk. That's just not fair. And it's completely unrelated to how much I love Memorial Park!Memorial Park is dabombdotcom. I have NEVER EVER in my life enjoyed 1. running and 2. running outside, but everything has changed since I discovered this park. I've mostly just used the running trail, and it feels safe and serene at all times of the day (not sure about dark). Never had issues with parking - I also try to park a liiiittttle bit farther every day so I can take the 2.8 mile trail and then add some more distance to break 3 miles.If you're looking for a low-key running spot where you can still creep on adorable dogs and dads running with double-strollers (this makes my uterus skip a beat), then Memorial Park is the place for you!!
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,7/1/2013,305,161,10,14,13>If you're in this part of town, there's a good chance tacos are in your future.  But when you're a bit of a stranger in a strange land, it's raining, and your gringo copilot isn't doing any better job of navigating the quickly unfolding landscape than you are, you're happy to see a known commodity.  La Bala #5 was that literal and proverbial respite from the storm that was brewing on the banks of Airline, and in the belly of yours truly.  It seemed like days since I'd last eaten, and some trompo tacos would get that Uruguayan rugby taste out of my mouth.  And to tell you the truth, I could swear that it was Paraguayan substitute anyway.I'd dined at the Bellaire location on a few occasions, and always left happy.  I'm happy to report that this location brings the goods as well, but without all that pesky "space."  La Bala is all about tacos and they have a wide assortment.  I ordered 6 tacos w/ corn tortillas, which are topped with onions and cilantro by request, and two soft drinks for around $13.  The main attraction on the menu is the trompo of classic pork pastor.  Though I personally love the crispitty, crunchitty exterior that the meat gets with the vertical roasting, my partner in crime far preferred the slow roasted and sauced moistness of the conchinita pibil.  I say both are winners and offer a good cross section of house specialties.  Summation: good, cheap, and consistent variety of tacos - all in the size of a shoe box.Gringo Bonus - counter girl speaks English
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,6/30/2013,103,225,2,8,4>We went to happy hour on Thursday and surprisingly it was not busy so we were able to snag a table in the lounge area with no problem.  The happy hour specials are really a great deal as everything is half off. For $10 I had 3 different bites, tuna poke, dates and chicken meatballs. Are were beautifully presented and very tasty.  Our bartender Nas went out of his way to make some very creative cocktails for us. He used fresh fruits, muddled, whipped and shaked. Since it was a little slow, the chef sent out some yummy shrimp samples, a lovely dessert of chocolate mousse with pistachio ice cream and a mini apple crumb cake wrapped up in a cute little package for us to take home.  I absolutely loved the decor and layout of the restaurant. Overall we had a great experience and I'm looking forward to returning for dinner and trying some of their delicious entrees.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,6/29/2013,466,956,2,6,5>Absolutely loved this place for happy hour! Not only is it beautiful but they have an amazing happy hour menu. Drinks and appetizers are only $5! How great is that! The bar downstairs is absolutely amazing, it's an outdoor patio and  I loved the decor, the blue lights and most of all the great set up. Happy hours runs from 5pm to 7pm. The Pear Martini is great. I also had the Southern Peach Tea, which was just OK. My favorite small plate was the Sliders, hands down the best I've had! Chicken Satays were pretty good too.  This is currently my favorite happy hour in town!!
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,6/28/2013,102,5,6,18,10>So, I don't write reviews at ALL.  Mostly because tips are easier and I do no have much to comment on or the time.  Well today I am taking the time to review this place not out of anger but out of love.  Yes, LOVE!I come here at least twice a month, only because I'm on college budget and my love for sushi and high price rolls adds up.  Osaka pleases my sushi fix and is so close to home.  The reason I love this place is because 1) the server Raymond is the best and always refills my drink before I ever have to ask. 2) Service- if I have a to go order it's ready within 15 minutes.  So fast.  The lady at the to go counter is friendly and always has a smile. NO Rude attitudes or snobs here.  3)Sushi- I do not care what others say they have good everything.  I love the Phoenix Roll, Volcano Island Roll, Crunchy Roll, and the sashimi is fresh.  The tuna takatai (misspelled probably) is delicious.  Now I have been to other sushi places but overall I don't like going to places where I have to wait forever for bad service and mediocre sushi thats overprice.  At Osaka, I can expect excellence in taste and not to leave without a smile.  My wallet is always happy too.  Currently they have a lunch special between 11-4 for buy one sushi roll and get the other one half off!!!  Not to mention they have a happy hour at 5-7!!  I have lived in Japan for 2 years and I know that I can get fresh sushi for a reasonable price.  Unlike other sushi places that charges $15 dollars and up just because of the name of the venue and the sushi is not worth the price.  (RA/BlueFish).  I will continue to support this location with my service and I hope they still open for a very long time.  It's hard to find great restaurants and this one is mine.  So if you see me sitting in here alone with a book and some sushi rolls, it's because I love this place so treat these people with your business and respect.  END REVIEW
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,6/27/2013,87,206,2,8,5>I will keep this simple. Are you looking for incredible BBQ? Tired of being disappointed by chain restaurants across the area? Do you like it to be mouthwatering, fall of the bone, smokey goodness? Are you unconcerned about frills and fixings? Do you like friendly service and down home hospitality? Then Kickin Ash is the place for you.Hands down you won't find tastier brisket in Montgomery County Texas! GET IT CHOPPED! YUM! I challenge you to find more moist, fall of the bone, and deliciously flavored ribs elsewhere. I know you won't. The BBQ sauce has the perfect blend of tang with spice and it's not too sweet. The best part is you may not even need it because the meat is cooked to porky perfection. Yes, it is just that good.The potato salad, pinto beans, slaw, and banana pudding aren't bad either. They however are side notes to the incredible MEAT! They serve beer and wine. A BIG screen is going into the bar. I also heard they have an incredible Fajita on Sundays. Stay tuned for the salad bar that's going in I will report back when I know more. Finally, a BBQ joint that's worthy of all the hype! If you haven't been, what are you waiting for ???? Get in there!
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,6/26/2013,58,39,20,25,21>Let me tell you, I LOVE this place. I've only eaten there once (so far) for NYE, but ever since then I have honestly thought (and drooled) about eating here again at least once a week in the past 3 weeks. I never understood the hype about these Churrascaria-type restaurants. I've been to Fogo de Chao 3 times and each time, I wasn't impressed. But when I went to Tradicao, I finally understood and saw the light. Every single bite that I had here was mouthwateringly delicious. I'm not a huge meat-person, but I think I just converted after going here. Recommendations: filet mignon (ugh, so good), baby beef, salmon (random, but SO good), house special (so fatty, but SO SO good)... honestly I recommend everything. I know I'm not being very descriptive when I say everything is "so good" but I can't even begin to explain how much I loved the food here!Salad bar was delicious, lots of options (try the salmon ceviche if you're a ceviche lover like I am) and for goodness sakes TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THAT HEAVENLY CHEESE BREAD they offer. The best cheese bread I've had, and that's saying a lot since I actually hate cheese. Love the sides as well, couldn't get enough of the mashed potatoes, bananas, and rice!I thought I would be too stuffed after all of the meat and sides and bread, but I took it upon myself to try a dessert, the chocolate molten lava cake (not sure if that's the exact title of the dessert, but you get the gist). Delectable. Moist chocolate cake paired with ice cream... perfect end to a perfect dinner!Servers were so friendly and helpful, that added a lot to my overall experience at Tradicao.Forget every other Churrascuria, THIS is the restaurant you want to eat at.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,6/25/2013,186,228,,9,5>I have a go-to Reflexology place that charges $35 for the same service. I've been loyal to them for nearly 3 years. I found this place and due to my loyalty I struggled to give this place 4 stars or more but it's completely deserved. I went in for 1 hour foot reflexology that costs me $20 and was amazing! Jack was my masseuse. He could tell that I was sore in certain places and spent extra time on those areas without me having to tell him.I have no idea if this place has certified massage therapists working here but it really didn't matter. The service I got was well worth $50+. He spent 30 minutes on my feet and about another 20 mintes on my head, back shoulders and arms. When I thought I was finished he led me into a room next door that had a massage table in it. This place is like a foot massage assembly line. Walking in you'll see a receptionist and a seating area. Walking to the back you'll see about 20 massage chairs that will likely be full of customers. They have a few small rooms. Some with massage chairs and others with full massage tables. I got my initial massage in a room with 2 chairs. A few other reviews talked about the receptionist recommending a tip (which I think is rude) but it didn't happen when I visited. The decor was okay. not like a place you'd visit in the Heights or Montrose but I wasn't expecting that. If you're looking for a A+ foot massage at a great price and you don't have to have the high class atmosphere, I'd definitely recommend them.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,6/24/2013,121,865,2,6,5>And yet another Comicpalooza rolls through town.  Comicpalooza is the first and largest comic/pop-culture convention here in Houston.  I've been attending since it first launch at the GRB in 2010 and it has grown quite a bit each year.  It's one of my favorite things to do in Houston but I really wish they would move off Memorial Day weekend... either a week earlier or later... but I doubt that will happen anytime soon.  This year (2013) the con was the largest one yet, but it felt almost the same as last year due to bring much more spread out among the convention center.  If you didn't get to go this year, consider 2014.  Also keep your eyes out for Space City Con that takes place in August, it's Comicpalooza's only rival (so to speak).
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,6/23/2013,299,150,3,5,5>I am soooooooo SUPER ecstatic that these guys have FINALLY opened their place.  I absolutely love their food but am unable to get to them at the times the truck is at Argora.  You can imagine the surprise when I found out on Twitter last night that 4100 Montrose was finally up and running and at 7:00 nonetheless.  I Google mapped the address so I wouldn't be running around like a crazy fool and voila, I found 'em.So my decision for breakfast this morning was the Eggman Chicken (photo posted); I had been wanting to try this for the longest.  This is a REALLY fantastic breakfast sandwich: warm, runny egg yolk (i love); melted, gooey cheddar; savory chicken poblano sausage; and soft, fluffy Slow Dough Challah (their bread is always amazing).  I am going to be stopping by more often for breakfast here for sure. I found out that right now since it is a "soft opening", they will not have a lot of the truck items until 2013 (i'm counting down).  BUT if you have NOT had Eatsie Boys fine cuisine, the truck almost always at Agora on Westheimer.  The Lay It On Me Lamb Burger (Lamburgini) is so FREAKIN' SPECTACULAR with a thick hung of delicious, salty feta and there's that running egg yolk:  symphony in your mouth!  Let me not forget to mention those darn Pork Snuggies, my beautiful little darlings; the pork belly simply melts in your mouth.  The pickles & onions compliment each bite perfectly and not overpowering the goodness of that pork belly (man, I wish I had some right now, lol)  And finally, I HAVE to mention the In 3s Vietnamese Coffee (holy, MOTHER OF GOD), this stuff is absolutely amazing (I love Cafe Sua Da and this is definitely the frozen version of it); and it will kick your azz wide awake (killer good).so to sum it all up, go to EATSIE BOYS truck or restaurant like NOW and gobble up some really great, unique, delectable nom noms NOW!!!!
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,6/22/2013,231,233,6,7,7>"OOOH. interesting." quoting in the style of Rachel from friends episode 412 where they compete to see who knows each other the best. The concept of OKRA is to drink away, AND feel good that all the proceeds of your alcohol and food go to charity. The bar is tucked away across from Hotel Icon on Congress. It's just the right combination of dark corners and dim light for a bar. There is an upstairs balcony area, where we had a big group for happy hour. Great for people-spying :)On the menu:They have a pretty decent selection of paninis. The fried okra comes with ranch dressing and is a must- you're in the south, and it's the bar's namesake! Wash down that okra with some freshly baked cookies and milk- the cookies are the size of your face, warm, soft, and are absolutely worth it.  On the chalkboard, there was a special- Philadelphia Fish House Punch. I was skeptical. "Fish" and "Punch" in the same drink name just sounded sketchy. It turned out to be quite sweet and delicious, yet strong enough to pack a punch (pun intended). The only con: when standing around the left side of the bar waiting for a drink, it can get a little crowded, and the traffic gets to be a little confusing. The kitchen is across from the bar, so the servers sometimes have to cross through you with big crates of clean glasses. Opt for a waiting place away from the kitchen area :)
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,6/21/2013,105,210,5,16,11>If only I could give more than 5 stars on Yelp.  From a strictly foodie perspective, the experience at the Cafe at Brookwood was excellent.  (Having a chef from the Culinary Institute of America at Hyde Park New York probably helps.)  Some highlights:- The whipped orange butter served with the dinner rolls--Refreshing but not overpowering.- The Mesibov Salad--Because I'm such a sucker for candied pecans and blue cheese.  (And you can buy the "Brookwood Dressing" at HEB!)- The Baja Panini with Grilled Tilapia--The flavorful jalapeno cilantro slaw and jack cheese added a touch of spiciness (but not too much) that went well with the grilled, flaky fish.  My only suggestion would be to grill the panini a little longer to give it a crispier outside.- ANY of the desserts.  I had a sampling of the Lemon Cheesecake, Chocolate Explosion, and Carrot Cake.  Really, you can't go wrong with any of them.The ambiance is also very nicely done with large bay windows opening up to the nursery and white linen tablecloths.Now maybe I shouldn't mention this, but I thought the menu was a little UNDER-priced.  An excellent value!  The portions are huge and all of the main dishes are under $16--even the seafood and meats.While that's all well and good, the aforementioned comments could be made about any good restaurant.  But what really separates Brookwood is the broader social mission of the community.  Brookwood gives adults with special needs an environment where they can feel empowered and contribute to society--just check out the plants in the nursery, crafts in the store, and your server at your meal--all the products of Brookwood citizens' work.  Visiting Brookwood is a truly humbling and inspiring experience.  Spend some time here, and I think you'll learn a thing or two from the citizens.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,6/20/2013,159,101,8,18,15>3/5/13 11:15 - With all the hype I wanted to see if Gatlin's measured up.  Does Houston finally have its claim to fame for excellence in Texas Barbecue?  Would Houston finally have its City Market, Kreuz, Smitty's, Louie Mueller's, or even Cooper's or Salt Lick?  Its 5 star barbecue, but time will tell if it reaches legendary status.I scored Gatlin's a 93 out of 100.  This is Grand Champion Texas BarbecueSmoke:  Hickory, No visible stacks but I was fortunate to witness six pallets of Hickory delivered.  That's alot of wood.  Encouraging.  The smoking process is hidden from view.  I saw a brown tin shed with blue smoke coming out.  Encouraging.  There is a mysterious white metal building in the back.  Suspicious.  I did not see any exhaust vents. There is more evidence for real pit than rotisserie.Brisket:  Very Good.  The slices i was served from the flat had little to no smoke ring.  Disappointing. Full smoke flavor.  A hint of rub.  A soft wet bark over the fat cap.  This was literally fall apart tender.  No knife needed but the spoon came in handy.  No sauce needed at all.  Very very moist.  A little too moist if you know what i mean. I suspect briskets are wrapped in foil.  I have no issue with that, if that explained the over the top moistness. (4/8 - a comment on a bloggers review witnessed foil wraps)  However, I am suspicious about a certain Cajun technique being used on the competition circuit these days.  I am a not a rigid purist but if true, that would be disappointing for me.  It was not the brisket i was hoping to write rave reviews about.Ribs:  Very Good.  A little tough of tender.  Good smoke.  A nice peppery rub.  No sauce needed.Sausage:  Excellent.  A Cayenne spicy pork sausage with long lasting after taste. The spice starts out mild and finishes strong.  A real treat compared to traditional spice sausage.  No sauce needed.Sauce:  Excellent.  Bottle it and drink it.  A strong vinegar tangyness with subtle lemon flavor.  Made everything taste even better.  Heck I dipped the bread in the stuff.PS:  The dirty rice is a must.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,6/19/2013,225,440,3,12,12>I saved 300 for a place I hold near and dear to my heart! Leon's is the one place in this town where I literally feel transformed.  I often wish I had a flapper dress on, a feather boa around my shoulders and a dapper young man sipping an Old Fashioned next to me.  When I come back to reality, I realize I'm just there with a friend or two, loftily daydreaming about the olden days.  I love Leon's for a number of reasons:1.  Its close proximity to the lot I park in on some work days.2.  The store front windows that allow you peer in at the barflies.3.  The stools at the actual bar (which is a rarity), and the purse hooks below.4.  The bartenders are always friendly, yet hipster-ish with a gothic touch - if that makes sense.5. The drink menu is not over done, with classics alongside newer spirits and a decent beer selection.6.  The record player - guest DJ's on different nights of the week is awesome as well!7.  The little alley/patio.8.  The vintage mantels and mirrors all around, along with the cozy antique sofas and chairs.9.  The prices - for Midtown, you can't beat it!10. Homemade empanadas...nuff said.Thank you Leon's for retaining your old world charm, even through the change in ownership a few years ago.  Thank you for not being what bars within walking distance of you are.  Thank you for being different, simple, and not overdone in a city of bars with skeeball players stepping on my toes while I try to get to the bar.  Thank you for having a seat at your bar - one that I will continue to fill.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,6/18/2013,152,396,3,13,6>Today is Ronnie Killen's soft opening for his pop-up BBQ joint.  It's currently held at his steakhouse until his new separate BBQ pit opens up down the street in 4 months.  For now he's open only on Sat and Sun from 11 to running out.  Today's line was about 40-deep 30 minutes before open.  You order from the counter where Ronnie greets you with a friendly smile and slices up some dreamy cuts of whatever you order.  Once inside you sit inside the tables of the steakhouse.  Served up in butcher paper, it's time to chow down.  The pork ribs were seasoned perfectly with a spicy rub.  The meat fell off the bone because it's tender fall-off-the-bone.  The sausage has a great snap to it with its crispy casing with a good peppery taste of its fillings.  The giant beef rib was excellent.  Meat was tender, moist, flavorful, perfectly smoked.  The slices of brisket were very tender and moist.  Filled with flavor (esp with its thick top layer of beautiful fat from the fat cap), it looked perfect, almost fake even.  Sauce was unnecessary for the cue.  You get 3 choices anyway: tangy, vinegar, and a mix.  Eating here I can't help compare, so I will.  The beef rib reminds me of Black's.  The brisket and tangy sauces used remind me of Louie Mueller.  The vinegar reminds me of Prause.  My new fave BBQ for the general Houston area!
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2012,6/17/2013,269,274,13,14,10>I wrapped up some work around the Greenway Plaza area and was headed home. I decided to check my twitter feed and noticed @gooddoghouston had set up shop at the Menil parking lot. Great, I can grab lunch on the way home.Chi-Town Dog with sweet relish, tomatoes,  sliced pickle and peppers on an artisanal poppy seed bun. WOW! I'm a fan. The condiments were cold the dog warm and the bun toasty. I liked it a lotOl' Zapata Dog topped with bacon, muenster cheese, caramelized onions and jalapenos. I liked Ol' Zapata.I thought all the ingredients were fresh and the dogs reasonably priced. I was full with one dog, but for some reason I felt compelled to eat the second dog. The things we do for Yelp. I took one for the team.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,6/16/2013,343,368,13,10,9>Croquet, Badminton, Bocce Ball... Games... that people don't know the rules for and make them up as they go along. I tend to end some of my reviews with the atmosphere of the establishment, but the setting of Brooklyn Athletic Club is unlike any other in Houston. As many have mentioned, the hanging lights, country games, and pits of marshmallow roasting fire makes you feel like you are in the hoity-toity middle of the century AMMURRICA. BAC also has areas in the backyard for private parties and gatherings. Parking is limited to the neighboring streets and valet service. Our party of 7 waited only 10 minutes for our table to be set up at 730 on a Saturday night..As Trebek would say, the category is Potent Potables. The alcoholic beverages here pack a punch. The Long Island Iced Tea will not leave your tongue anything short of amazed. The Mint Julep didn't taste much like mint but will have you bedazzled if you consume multiples.Chef Jeff's Baked Mac N' Cheese is phenomenal. The cheese is creamy thick and let's be honest.. who doesn't like short ribs? I know Eve sure does, since she stole one from Adam. The Pork Rillette with its multitude of spreads invokes different feelings of awesome on your buds, but I am partial to the sweetness of the Apple/Rosemary Compote.On this particular night, the forecast called for cloudy with a chance of Pappardelle and Meatballs. The weatherman was wrong because there was a thunderstorm and my portions were severely massive. There also may have been a tornado sighting as pasta twirled around my fork leading to the wreckage of noodles with my canines. On the other side of the table, clubhouse burgers were devoured as if famine had ravaged our lands, but some over-salted fries were left for scraps. I close with this: S'mores Bread Puddin' - git you some.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,6/15/2013,81,210,4,10,5>SHUT THE FRONT DOOR! Where have you been all my life?!!!Yelpers have been praising this place for years but I am insanely addicted to Asian style crawfish so I just kept dismissing it. I mean- Boiling Crab was perfect for me, close to home & so much flavor...why fix what is not broken? Plus-- who the hell wants to drive an hour for food? 2 weeks ago- hubby and I wanted to go for a drive cause the day was beautiful with the sun shining. I just scan Yelp for places with outdoor eating and remembered this place. I figured - WTH let me see what all this fuss is about. 7 pounds later- I am Crawfish Shack junkie!!!Their crawfish is very similar to Asian style (without all the sodium as Boiling Crab), the size are huge (and the season is just now starting), and it alot of flavor not just spicy. I ordered garlic butter and tossed it with the crawfish before eating- highly recommend! Mushrooms- get them! Isn't serving the best tasting crawfish in Texas enough?! Nope! Not here! They are BYOB AND the customer service is GREAT!Tips: -Get there early- the wait is long and they run out sometimes. - Playground for the kids-Nice new parking lot.-Drive thru for To-Go orders.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,6/14/2013,137,409,16,9,7>I'm probably not the fan any club on Washington wants, but oh well. Full disclosure: I'm a homebody. I have a husband and a kid and a respectable hemline and cleavage situation. I wear flats. All in all, I am not what I saw looking across the street at drunken girls wobbling on four inch heels with their bikini lines showing (from the top of their skirts and the bottoms, what an accomplishment!) That said, everyone's got pals who want to go out sometimes and I am forced to put on a brave face and pretend I am about five to eight years younger. Hence a night on Washington.The good news is this, I liked this place. People were cool, laid back, good drink deals (including the one with Yelp when you check in - $2 off people!) and nice indoor and outdoor seating. That said, it, like most of Washington, was kind of dead - though this place was not at all depressing about it and was def my fave place of the night. To 90% of patrons, I'm sure that's a turn off, but I dug it. Good seating, games, nice time. And the taco truck in the parking lot came in very handy at about 2:05 am when I, the designated driver, helped my inebriated pals get some food in them. My friend said it was crazy busy and had a live DJ the last time she was in, so perhaps something was just up with Washington this past weekend.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,6/13/2013,47,192,3,6,6>When you're with a group of ten people with VERY different food tastes, Turkish is not a bad way to go. You've got your middle eastern staples like dolmas, hummus, kebab, baba ganoush etc., and salad, rice and chicken which is sure to please even the most ethnic food-averse person you can find. And when it's Saturday night at 6:50pm, and you're with said group of ten, have no fear because pasha can have your table ready to go by 7. At least that's what happened when I called to see if they could seat us that quickly!!!Man, oh man....this place is awesome! Seriously, first there was Indian, then there was Thai, and now I'm banking on the fact that Turkish food will be our next "it" cuisine. And pasha delivers, with its intimate ambiance, delicious pita and spiced oil dipping sauce, its various vegetarian, seafood, and meat options, and satisfying hot tea and sweet coffee that transports you to another world. At our table, we sampled the pasha mezza platter to start, which offered up several apps, and the dolmas and baba ganoush were the all-stars. I ordered the baked shrimp, and my friends and family went with different kebab, stuffed eggplant and salad options. Everything looked and tasted delicious! Perfect date night location...husband would do well to make reservations for a certain day in February....
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,6/12/2013,162,230,8,15,10>What I love about O.M.G.'s fries: the sauce.What I love about Coreanos' fries: the kimchi.And Chilantro's fries are smothered in amaaaazing sauce AND kimchi?! Well, well, well, whaddaya know... #winAside from all the "kimchi fries" epicness they have going on, Chilantro's menu boasts more items than I've ever seen on a Korean-Mex-fusion truck -- from the staples: tacos, burritos, quesadillas, and fries, in addition to [this is new] rice bowls and burgers. I finally tracked them down @ the "Haute Wheels" Food Truck Festival yesterday and their line was insane, but rightfully so. The staff was incredibly nice -- they were all smiles, they addressed me by name -- just an all-around cool group of people...which was something I *really* appreciated, considering I just spent 25-30 mins waiting in line. After just one visit, I personally feel that Chilantro Truck is the **BEST** Korean-Mex-fusion truck in Houston. That's it. We're done. Case closed. And if this Yelper's humble opinion doesn't grab your attention, let me just throw this out there:Chilantro Korean Tacos - featured on "The New York Times"Chilantro Kimchi Fries - featured on "Food & Wine" and "The Cooking Channel"Chilantro Burgers - featured on "Food Network"Need I say more? Didn't think so.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,6/11/2013,115,362,3,12,14>The last few years have seen the proliferation of both food trucks and breweries in Houston, two enterprises that have formed an almost symbiotic relationship, with trucks often parked outside breweries during tours providing ambrosia to complement the sweet nectar within. It was only a matter of time before the match made in heaven was joined in holy matrimony, and the brains behind the Eatsie Boys food trucks brought their genius to bear upon beer, launching the 8th Wonder brewery last year. The first open house tour was held two weeks ago, pouring their 3 current drafts with an Eatsie Boys truck naturally parked out front.There was a long line from the outset, spilling out along Dallas St from noon onward. This was essentially the beer line too, since upon paying $8 for admittance, tasting glass, and 3 tokens, patrons transitioned from the front of the entry line to the back of the queue winding its way around the perimeter of the space back to the taps. A testament to the number of fans the Wonder Boys have, I'm sure the capacity crowd will grow more manageable in coming weeks. The brewery is outfitted with shiny steel tanks, as well as a number of picnic tables and couch/cable spool arrangements where drinkers were playing cards and enjoying their lunch. At the taps were Hopston, a hoppy IPA; IntellectuAle, an easy-drinking Belgian Wit; and Alternate Universe, a more robust brown ale. You've likely seen these 3 offerings at better beer establishments around town, and perhaps even some of their experimental brews like the incredible Vietnamese coffee porter called Rocket Fuel.Keep an eye out for their next weekend tour and beers around town. Cheers to Houston beer!
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,6/10/2013,44,100,7,9,6>Has everyone in Houston been to Katz's? No. Well okay then, almost everyone in Houston has been to Katz's -- it never Kloses.Usually my trips to Katz's involve the need for drunk food. After a long night of drinking, nothing hits the spot quite like sucking down cheesecake through a straw. The best thing about them, other than the obvious YOU'RE DRINKING CHEESECAKE, is that they are HUGE!Literally an entire piece of NY Cheesecake and scoops of Blue Bell ice cream in a blender. A friend and I decided to split one once, and when it arrived our other friend (who was sadly not in on the cheesecake shake-y goodness) thought there had been a mistake, and that we had gotten 2 Full cheesecake shakes. We had not: they're just that big. But something that good don't come cheap. A cheesecake shake'll run you $8.99. Their other desserts are also colossal and fantastic! They always bring extra forks 'cause it's hard to finish one alone.The rest of the menu is what you expect from an NY Deli themed restaurant. Giant sandwiches, soup, hot dogs, and breakfast stuff. My knowledge only extends to the sammies, soup, and dessert, but I've never been disappointed by the food here.Service is usually quick, and it never seems to be "really crowded" like no matter what time you show up there are lots of people, but no one is waiting for a table, or shoved in the corner. It's probably a really good thing because if you're coming to Kat'z, you're hungry.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,6/9/2013,258,154,6,9,7>I was craving Jampong and decided to venture over to K-town to find some of the restaurants that my mom used to take me and the sis to on our random trips to Houston. I instantly recognized Mandarin Cafe and stopped. Their menu has a lot of dishes you might find at a Chinese restaurant but they also have some Korean delicacies (jampong and jajangmyun).The food came out fairly quickly and was accompanied with the yellow daikon radishes, onion/paste plate, and cabbage kimchi (differs from Korean kimchi). The portion is more than generous and has a plentiful mix of veggies, shrimp, squid and mussels. Nomtastic. You can easily eat half of your bowl and save the rest for later but.....who wants to do that? Not I. Their Jampong definitely reminds me of the homeland with the authentic taste of the broth, not every Korean place can replicate! Mandarin is doing something right and I will  be back when I need my craving satisfied. I posted a pic on twitter of the bowl of jampong and one of my friends was able to recognize where it was from. THAT's how good it is!
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,6/8/2013,289,404,7,8,8>This place had a bunch of delicious gelato with funny names. Sorry if my lack of Italian language skills offend thee. Move on to the next review if I'm not worldly or refined enough for you. One flavor started with a Z and made me think of a zamboni. A quick google search revealed the word I am looking for is Zabaione -- a creamy, custardy, eggy gelato spiked and sweetened with Plum Wine. YUM. More flavors I THOROUGHLY enjoyed:Sweet potato & cinnamon (didn't get the sweet potato too much)Salted CaramelDulce de Leche with Chocolate (THE BEST GELATO EVER and also has some funny name)Dirty Coconut (Second best)Chocolate Macaroon Hazelnut (Kinda just like hazelnut coffee creamer)The guy behind the counter was more than willing to let me try about 6 flavors before I settled on the 4 I wanted. Don't mind me, I'll be at Sweet Cup in sweet, creamy iced food bliss.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,6/7/2013,216,95,8,9,14>It has been around for years and years, what can I really say to add to the mystique that is Rudz?There is a sign when you enter that says "Montrose's Living Room."  I think this short phrase is a great description particularly if your living room is a little dirty, your friends come over regularly, and you have a decently stocked bar with a focus on beer.  The upstairs area has housed many great concerts and will hopefully continue to keep it going in the future.  It also hosts a great monthly now called Grown-up Storytime where people write stories and other people read them.  What else are you going to do on a Tuesday night?I will say I miss the colorful bathroom walls upstairs which have since been painted.  I know it looked somewhat grungy, but it gave the place character.    Rudz, you aren't the bar du jour for the 'trose these days, but you'll always have a place in my heart.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2012,6/6/2013,158,402,4,7,10>Now my favorite cheesesteaks are back, and saving me 20 minutes of drive time!  If you are a fan of hot steamy beef encased in crispy warm bread with melted cheese on the inside, this is the perfect spot.  The sandwiches are the perfect size, and the best thing?  even if you get them to go, they are still hot and ready to be devoured after 30 mins.  you can't miss on the #1 with fries.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,6/5/2013,476,176,2,9,8>A really good taco place!!  Definitely not a "hole in the wall" kind of place. More a "trendy restaurant" place with neon and such. But still, damned tasty. It's a "build it yourself" menu. You choose whether you're having tacos, nachos, burritos, etc, then you choose the meats, toppings, and so on. I decided on nachos and they started building them in a big stainless steel mixing bowl!! I knew at that point I'd be getting my money's worth. I can highly recommend pork carnitas as a meat choice. Mmmmm!! I paid what seemed an extremely reasonable price for the ton of food they gave me. When I got to my table, I saw a bulk paper towel roll. They must know me from somewhere. Not that I'm messy with finger food, but you know....I really enjoyed my meal, the rustic decor is appealing, the staff were all very friendly, and I got a lot of food for not a lot of money. What more could you ask for?  The place is just a couple of blocks from the natural history museum, so easy to hit both on a nice weekend. I'm definitely going back. Give it a try!!
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,6/4/2013,108,106,12,13,10>First off, this is my 100th review. I have been waiting on writing it. Waiting for something worthy. Mark's is worthy. Sometimes I feel like many of these Houston BBQ institutions have gotten so big they have forgotten what really matters. THE MEAT. I don't care how big your fix'ens bar is, how many different beers you have on ice, how varied your sides are. I just straight up don't give a shit about that. I want to eat meat that is so good that I literally overeat into an uncomfortable sweat. Sweat, sweat I did. Meat sweats. My friend and I came in on a Friday at around 2:00 with my 1 year old son in tow. We came in and were immediately greeted by a family atmosphere. Everyone behind the counter was family nice. You know the nice I am talking about. We both ordered a 2 meat plate. Ribs + Brisket with 2 sides Ribs + Split Chicken (Dark Meat) and 2 sidesPeach CobblerThe chicken was solid. So solid that I picked a bunch off my buddies plate. Which is a total breach of my restaurant protocol: Avoid the chicken. It was fantastic. The Brisket was what you would expect from a guy that won the 2010 Champion Brisket at the Houston Cook-Off. It's transcendant. It's moist, well developed smoke ring, great bark, perfect amount of cap left on it. I can't say enough about the brisket, but I have to stop there. The technical description- Because now I am going to fawn over the ribs. HOLY-SMOKE. I have lived in Houston Texas all my life. I have traveled extensively and sampled BBQ all over Texas and the South. I don't take what I am about to say lightly. They are the best ribs I have ever had in my entire life. *drop mic*They have a beautiful glaze developed and they are tender and toothsome at the some time. I do not like "fall off the bone" ribs that are meat pudding. I want the meat to leave the bone clean but maintain structure and present an enjoyable mouth feel. Damn- Damn- Damn... They were outrageous. I feel like I just watched the first episode of a great TV series I haven't ever seen on Netflix.The sides- Oh... I didn't even take a bite of my beans. This was a meat party with a cobbler chaser.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,6/3/2013,83,145,8,13,7>Why didn't anybody tell me that John was a bad ass? Why? I'm so pissed. I could have been looking really hot for 2 years and now that time is wasted.John maybe gave me 1 of the 3 best haircuts I've ever had in my life today. This is what I liked about my experience. John asked me what I wanted, gave me his opinion, did his thing, then wowed me with a great precision cut. He took his time, and styled it in a really flattering way. He listened, but also explained what he was doing.The salon is beautiful, just nice. It's not stuffy, not hipster, just nice. They take credit cards including AMEX (love that).  Everyone seemed really nice too. What a find! I feel like I won the lottery. I'm still peeved it took me so long to find this salon.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,6/2/2013,68,286,1,24,6>I had a very good experience with 3 Men Movers. It was such a relief too because my husband and I had done about six self-moves and we were dreading unloading our giant storage unit in to our new home. Everything went as smooth as can be expected from the initial call to the day-of.  Our guys showed up on time, they were pretty careful with everything and holy cow were they fast. I mean they have moving down to a science with shrink wrap, multiple dollys and all sorts of stuff. We had to pay for a two-hour minimum but they took exactly two hours so it worked out well. We were just kind of in shock: a move that might have taken us two days took them two hours. Still not really over that one!If at all possible I will call 3 Men Movers for my next move and I would recommend them to anyone in Houston.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,6/1/2013,96,85,,14,7>I have never paid so much for a Mexican brunch, but it was WORTH IT!The GRAND brunch buffet cost $29 and offered a wide array of AUTHENTIC Mexican dishes (no  migas here!).  There were flour tortilla chips, fresh guacamole, chile reyellanos, shrimp cocktail, brisket, carnitas, flautas, seafood soup with chunks of seafood,  and, oh so much more...including a table of desserts displaying homemade tres leches, pistachio cake, fresh fruit, fresh flan, brownies and the list goes on!  They even offered fresh Mexican hot chocolate!  The service was top-notch considering the place was super busy and crowded.  The fine dining experience at Hugo's was not lost just because it was brunch. It was family friendly and many birthdays and baby showers were being celebrated today.  There is a live mariachi band playing from the second floor, which created a festive feel.  It was a pricey treat, but I will return.  Definitely a place to consider for a special occasion.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,5/31/2013,299,191,4,5,7>I come here for two things: macarons and the affogato (a generous serving of frozen  custard with a shot of espresso)  I feel like i'm in heaven every time I put a scoop of this frozen delight in my mouth. The small bakery shop really does have "petite" sweets. Cupcakes are bite size.  Cake balls the size of your palms! All of which come in an assorted variety of flavors. They also have cookies. My favorite are the pistachio and chocolate hazlenut macarons. Come here with a date to sweeten things up or catch up with your friends over a plate of macarons or a cup of coffee. The girls who work there are so sweet too!
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,5/30/2013,67,230,4,11,11>LOVE their chicken alfredo pizza and the starburst. Deep dish is THE way to go. Come here and watch a football game, indulge in a pizza and whatever you do, toss that calorie counting out the window. You can also order your pizza half and half. (that's what my boyfriend and I did) and it was the perfect way to compromise on white and red sauced pizza! The pizza crust is buttery, soft, crispy all mixed into one dough. Chicken alfredo pizza is SO good. It's creamy, and just all around tasty. The starburst is the red sauce pizza and I thought that was tasty as well. Dang it Star Pizza.. writing this review has given me a MAD craving for this place right now!
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,5/29/2013,148,79,5,12,9>Our new favorite restaurant. We loved it so much we went two nights in a row!As big foodies and especially being big fans of spicy food, finding this place is like hitting a jackpot for us!The food served here has the influence of indian spices and foods like samosa, naan etc with Thai and other Asian influence, translating into a great cultural cuisine experience.The staff has been great and very attentive too. The second time around, they knew us by names.#1. The food is amazing! We have tried afew dishes so far and loved all of them. My most favorite was the kobe shot rib salad~just melts in your mouth, the papaya with paneer and with pork belly were delicious, Ohhh the lamb samosa-out of this world and we loved the thai chicken pizza as well as the prawns. We cannot wait to come back and try the lamb chops and the mushroom pizza! #2. Drinks. I love creativity and mixing differnt flavors and the cocktails here are the best! I love the Muay Thai Martini-spicy mix of muddled ginger, green chilli, bacardi and mango nector, also just as good is the, White coconut sangria, Goodnight Goa martini and my hubby goes for the Silk Road Tea or the Tamarind drink.The best supprise last night was the introduction of two new drinks that we got to try before they even appear on the menu---a white coconut  lyche drink  for me and for the hubbs a cocktail with some bubbly..sorry i cant recal the name..be sure to ask if they have any special drinks.#3. Ambiance. The restaurant is retro, just the right lighting, clean with shades of red, nice decor/art work .#4. Perfect for date night, girls night out, birthday dinners etc....what the heck, its perfect for all occasions!!
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,5/28/2013,387,536,7,10,9>On one hand, I feel undignified for the fact that this place is so underrated. Yet the other part of me is selfishly glad because that means they have more capacity to serve me (again) and less wait-time.I will venture to say that this place is one of the hidden gems in Houston for brunch. It's located in a more neighborhood-and-family location instead of the typical foodie scene areas in Houston that often draw in large crowds but not necessarily great food. Atmosphere: If you choose to sit inside, you are surrounded by glass windows and a comfortable ambiance. If you venture outdoors (and are not plagued with allergies during the spring season), it is a covered porch area and surrounded by plastic covering on the sides to keep out the wind, yet allows a very comfortable light breeze in. There's a fountain that seems somewhat out of place but at the same time fits perfectly with the decor and adds to the peaceful and romantic ambiance. Service: great, friendly, and efficient service. They even offered us some of their last mimosa mix since it was nearing the end of lunch time. zing!Food: fresh ingredients, tons of flavor. Unique menu - puts a twist on your normal brunch foods. And they do it well, too.- Breakfast Pizza: I think I now like breakfast pizzas more than non-breakfast (?) pizzas. Crust isn't too thin, thick enough to hold the massive amounts of stuff they put on it together. So what's on this glorious pizza, you ask? Chopped bacon, flavorful semi-spicy sausage chunks, mozzarella cheese, spinach, and fried eggs to finish it off. Everything marries together perfectly, and of course, fried egg on top of anything makes it that much better (yolk was cooked perfectly, if I might add. still semi-runny, but golden yellow right before it sets). Then if that's not enough, they top it with Ricotta cheese!- Union Tostada: Toasted tortillas cut into chip-like sizes, and then smothered in Black Bean chorizo, mozzarella, and a chipotle salsa. It even tastes better than it sounds! Great flavor, and with a kick of spiciness. - Union Burger: you've heard the stories, and they are true. An already-large burger that is set in front of you with 3 oversized onion rings atop the patty. Whether your mouth is big enough to leave them in the burger or take them out, either way please don't waste them. Because you are missing out on a ton of flavor. - Chicken and Avocado Sandwich: although I would suggest getting the other brunch items mentioned above, this one is less original but definitely doesn't lack in flavor. Tender chicken, and sandwiched between fresh herbed bread. Almost felt and tasted like focaccia, though their menu says it's sourdough. - Sides: sandwiches and burgers come with housemade chips (crunchy and flavorful!), although you can replace those with fries for a small additional charge. WORTH IT. Overall, great atmosphere, great food, and greatly underrated. Their motto is "the perfect union of good friends and great food", but frankly, I wouldn't mind coming here without friends and still get great food. All for myself too.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,5/27/2013,42,383,8,14,14>Good ol' Sudies. If you have a hankerin' for some fried catfish that is done up right and gratifying, then you've found your place in this truly down home country place that's called Sudies. Sudies touts themselves as THE BEST catfish. I can't say this is an absolute statement, but I can indeed say that this is some seriously good catfish. Outside is that crisp, golden batter that's fried expertly and has that crunch you love. Inside is tender, succulent well cooked catfish. It's very fresh in taste and light in texture. It stands alone or pairs excellently with the cocktail sauce. The sauce is a kicky but still mild concoction that won't overwhelm the seafood. Other fares I've had at Sudies are the hush puppies which they bring to you in what is best described as a huge hush puppy basket. You could happily fill up on these suckers. Crusty outside and soft inside, these little balls of cornbread goodness are a great start. I've also tried the blackened catfish. Wow and wow! I was very pleased with this dish. The blackened seasoning was charred on beautifully. The flavors of the seasonings used were all there but none were overwhelming. It was just a wonderful melding of zesty spices. The Ponchartrain sauce, a buttery creaminess with crab and crawfish mixed in was ambrosial. I love a good sauce and this was one! In the veggie category, the green beans have that Southern touch of bacon. That's not something I'm used to in the green bean cooking category but I found it quite enjoyable in a comforting and tasty way.Other delightful tidbits are the fried shrimp and Cajun seasoned fish. The shrimp are big and juicy and fresh. The Cajun seasoned grilled fish is spicy without incinerating your taste buds with red pepper like some Cajun themed dishes do. This is very well done. The bread pudding is a gargantuan chunk of sweet sensation. I love the caramel-y sauce ladled over it and the warm hint of cinnamon along with the apple bits. The servers are very friendly and efficient. The overall vibe of Sudies is relaxed and not at all pretentious. The patrons seem to be regulars and are also very amiable. It's as if no one is a stranger here. That's something sadly not often found within the city. It's too bad Sudies isn't closer to my area. I really enjoy this place and will come here again when I want a nice, friendly, casual country dining experience.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,5/26/2013,387,597,9,11,8>My favorite "pizza joint" in Houston.The margherita is the best in Houston (real buffalo mozzarella!). They have your standards and they do them damn well, but where they REALLY excel are the less traditional pizzas -- flavors that you didn't know should be together and served as a pizza. My favorites: The VONGOLE is the best unique pizza I've EVER had. Delicious clams baked onto the pizza with the juices oozing out. Oh mah gah. Just thinking about it makes me salivate a bit. It's the pizza version of linguini with clams in white wine, it doesn't sound right but it is SO DAMN GOOD. The ZUCCA is totally noteworthy, a must try if you are feeling adventurous. Squash and proscuitto? It's not something I would have linked, but I am glad they drew that line for me. The TALEGGIO is just indescribable. Pears with truffle oil! It doesn't sound right but it is just so frigging amazing. Sweet, earthy, salty. The harmony! I do wish they had a better by the glass wine selection, more variety, not as expensive. You CAN come to this restaurant and walk out under $50 for 2 with 2 pizzas. But they make it a bit difficult if you want wine. Minus 1 star for service (it should be more, but I am really smitten with the food). Service is definitely off for the quality of restaurant. They REALLY need to retrain their waitstaff on table manners (do NOT reach across the table to my water glass while I am eating, that's just really awkward! And rude!). They did a few other things such as butt bump me several times, also while eating  or drinking because there are so many tables crammed in. They really need to have a manager that is not just about the food, but about service. Please, PLEASE bring service up at least three notches. Also boo, they force valet. AND they cram baby chairs in the already too narrow aisles. Gah.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,5/25/2013,195,262,13,13,12>Holy mouth watering meat choices. So given so many options I always find I want ...everything. Obviously that cannot happen in one visit which why should it I intend on making a few visits. Game trio sliders (chef's favorites) - $10.75  Antelope, Elk, & Venison sliders with lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, cheddar cheese, on pretzel buns paired with the chefs pick of their specialty sauce that will most compliment the meaty goodness. Needless to say hold the cheese for me, I think it takes away from that meaty flavor my taste buds so crave, and usually I'll hold the sauces to but in this case I thought they were a necessity to see what this place had in store for me. There was no three's a crowd with these scrumptious sliders, in fact it was definitely a more the merrier hands down.  Like right now craving more, but next time a different trio mix definitely. Along with my wild game trio I split a half order of the Sammy's Wild Fries -  $4.75 French fries tossed with fried egg, bacon bits, chives, & cheese. These were amazing, I'm such a sucker for eggs and bacon... and fries, my go to choice of food when drinking/drunk. My one note is that the Ghost Pepper Sauce, was sadly disappointing, not hot but good flavor I'll give it that. Parking is a bit of a pain given you have maybe a handful of spots up front and most of the rest is on the street. Kangaroo, yak, buffalo, wild boar, snake.... oh how I shall be back for you.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,5/24/2013,156,153,8,20,13>I had another great experience at Chama for my Mom's birthday.My dad told me 'pick somewhere nice' and I knew my mom liked FDC so I knew she'd love Chama.  I made a reservation for the day after Valentine's Day for 6 and asked if there'd be a problem with me bringing my own cake. No problem the woman on the phone said.When my sister and I arrived, cake in tow, one of the hostesses asked if I'd want the cake put up until later, held in kitchen. Why yes, thanks. After handing off cake I noticed, oops, this table was not going to be large enough--there were actually going to be 7 of us.It was incredibly busy due to it being the day after Vday and the whole All Star crowd in town too, however, they quickly accomodated us at a larger table close to both the salad bar AND the kitchen. Bonus!Throughout the entire meal there was probably not more than a 1 minute lapse between a different meat being presented to us. My entire family, none of which had been there before (only me) were very impressed. My mom was happy. Score.What I really appreciated was when one of the floor managers asked me to let him know when we were ready for the cake. I thought he would bring it out, then I'd use my candles to light it, we'd cut it ourselves, etc... Nope. When I gave him the go ahead he disappears to the kitchen and reappears a minute later with my mom's cake already lit and singing Happy Birthday. He then brought plates and forks and cut AND served every single piece of the birthday cake to us. (all at no extra charge)I love this place and will keep coming back.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,5/23/2013,447,558,8,13,11>Does it seem like I have a lot of reviews about trees?  Well, that's because, unfortunately, I've required a lot of tree service this year.  I bought a house on a half acre lot, not realizing the extent of damage that the recent drought had done.After a couple of really windy nights this winter, with large branches falling down in our yard and dead tress toppling throughout our neighborhood, we realized we could not delay on removing the last thirteen dead/dying trees from the back of our property. We got bids ranging from around $5,000- over $15,000.  Since the trees were already dead anyway, we had no qualms about choosing the lowest bid, which was RF. Lorenzo and his crew arrived promptly and began methodically cutting down the trees we had marked. I did not realize that to cut down a dead tree, one would have to climb up in the tree. Scary.  But these guys clearly knew what they were doing, and they had no fear of heights. They hauled away the pine and cut the hardwood into firewood sized logs and stacked it for us. For tree removal, I would 100% recommend RF.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,5/22/2013,153,144,5,15,7>I'm so excited now that Houston has a contender to put this city on the map of barbecue greats!  My boyfriend and I went here during their soft opening phase, and we were not disappointed!  They open from 11am-2pm (or until sold out) daily, and in anticipation of any lines, we got there early! Well, there was no line, so we were the first ones in the door promptly at 11am.  The staff assisted us as we tried to figure out how to sample the most on the menu without sentencing ourselves to a midday food coma.  Here's a breakdown of the items we tried:THE MEATS:Brisket (4/5) -- Even though we had a few rather lean cuts of brisket, they were still tender and flavorful.  A bit smoky in flavor.  In the future, I think it would be great if Oak Leaf could allow patrons to select which cut of brisket they'd like (ex. lean, fatty, ends)Pork Ribs (5/5) -- AMAZING.  YOU MUST TRY THESE. Cooked perfectly and coated with a sweet glaze on top.  It's a great blend of flavors between the smoky meat and sweet sauce.Pulled Pork (4/5) -- Normally, I'm skeptical of pulled pork at any Texas BBQ joint...where do they think we are, South Carolina?! However, the pulled pork here was NOT the usual super stringy, mushy mess that most other texas BBQ joints serve.  The pulled pork at Oak Leaf still had sizable chunks of well-flavored pork with sauce on the side.Sausage (3/5) -- solid product, but nothing out of the ordinary.THE SIDES:German-style Potato Salad (2/5) -- Basically, oven-roasted potatoes with German-style seasonings and vinegar.  Nothing really wrong with it, just not my style.Purple Cabbage Slaw (5/5) -- Not your average cole slaw.  This slaw is German-influenced and includes purple cabbage and apple.  Though it's not overwhelmingly flavorful on its own, it provides a great contrast to the smoky BBQ, and I enjoyed using it as a sort of palate cleanser between types of meat.The SAUCE (4/5) -- I can only describe it as tangy peppercorn-y?  Honestly, I didn't use too much of the sauce because the meats were great on their own.  However, the BBQ sauce is pretty typical of Texas BBQ and does complement the meat well.Overall, Oak Leaf Smokehouse is an excellent BBQ restaurant.  I'm really excited to see its impact grow within the Houston community and beyond!  I'll definitely be back once they have their grand opening and begin to reveal more menu items!
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,5/21/2013,80,100,5,16,9>Filipino cuisine has always had a hard time breaking into the American dining mainstream, which is surprising given that Filipinos are second only to the Chinese in population here in America. I often attribute that to the fact that a lot of Filipino restaurants fail to break out of their comfort zones in catering only to the Filipino community at large, and not trying hard enough to "americanize", if you will.House of Chicken can become a contender in being one of the first to break out and establish itself as a Houston gem, if they fix a few hiccups.What they do right, and do pretty well, is the food and the presentation. Too many Filipino restaurants fall into the trap of serving food as a buffet, which can save money but cannot compete with the abundant Chinese buffets around town. Besides, who would go to a buffet of food that you're unfamiliar with? Again, that style of restaurant caters mostly to the Filipino community and not to the city at large.So kudos to the very talented chef at House of Chicken. The food is not only good, but is very consistent (another failing of a buffet), the portions are plentiful, and the dishes are APPEALING. I cannot stress enough how important it is to make sure that an unfamiliar food is at least presented right, so that non-Filipinos will actually want to try it. I've brought many non-Filipinos here and they all rave about the lumpia (better than the other asian eggrolls, they say), the bistek tagalog (beef steak), and the the adobo. But more importantly, none of them were threatened by it, even though they didn't know what any of these were, since the menu did a decent job (could be better, but eh) of explaining, and the dishes came out looking appetizing. I've tried explaining what "Dinuguan" is to my boyfriend once at one of the buffets, and it was all I could do to prevent him from running away. So again, kudos.What can they fix? The service, definitely -- it's inconsistent and often lackadaisical. Our waitress was not only slow, but she repeatedly kept forgetting our orders even after us reminding her more than once. They might be able to get away with that in Chinatown, but if you're outside of that area then you need to step it up. I also can't count how many times some non-Filipinos walked in, looked around confusedly, then walked out again because no one was there to seat them or even acknowledge them. This is where the Chinese restaurants outside of Chinatown shine, because even though they have a language barrier they've learned that Americans LOVE attentive service. The service staff also need to be able to give good recommendations. Again, if you're dealing with non-Filipinos who don't know anything about the cuisine, you need to be able to guide them or they will not come back.I have high hopes for this restaurant, and would really like to see it grow not just in the Filipino community but in the city at large.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,5/20/2013,194,103,16,11,8>What could I possibly say about this place that hasn't already been said in the 700+ other reviews of Breakfast Klub? Not much but I'm gonna say it anyway in case any of you missed the discussion about DELICIOUS AMAZING AWESOME CHICKEN N WAFFLES SENT FROM HEAVEN AND BLESSED BY THE POPE OF GOOD EATS. They're amazing. I mean, if I had to engineer my own death, I'd just go to Breakfast Klub every morning and feast on chicken n' waffles 'til my arteries gave out. Worth it.Worth the minimum 40 minute wait because everybody in this whole city wants the same thing I do. They want delicious Southern comfort food, great service by the nicest waitress on this side of the Mason Dixon line, and they want to say they've visited one of Houston's most iconic eateries. How iconic and good are we talking? I struck up a conversation with a couple in front of me. They were tourists from Vermont. "We heard about this place... is it really worth the hype?" And everybody in line just laughed and laughed... yes, yes it is, Yankees. Enough talking, GO GO GO!
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,5/19/2013,117,159,6,8,7>There are few places in Houston where I actually feel like I can enjoy the sounds and feel of the city. Double Trouble is a great coffee shop that sits in a great part of town where you can do exactly that. Near midtown, Double Trouble sits right by the Houston Metro Rail which adds to the ambiance of this coffee shop. The sounds of the Metro Rail gliding over the track and the sounds of the dinging bells are very comforting and cool. To sit there and drink your delicious coffee on a sunny and beautiful Houston day really makes for a great experience. And just for one second you believe that Houston has an great transportation system but then of course you eventually leave....sigh. But anyways this coffee shop offers terrific coffee at a relatively cheap price. I ordered a sweetened latte and it was great. The barista was really cool and he graciously answered all of my questions about their coffee and you could really tell he loved his job. There are plenty of places to sit despite the small cozy environment. And they have free wi-fi. For the price, the atmosphere, and the quality of the coffee, this place beats Starbucks every day of the week! And on top of that if you have had a bad day or even a great day or even a so-so day they offer have a full bar with specialty cocktails. This is my kind of spot!So in summary: Houston with Metro Rail Rocks, Coffee Rocks, and get yo drank on!
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,5/18/2013,320,212,3,7,5>What an incredible first visit . The folks at Gloria's are fantastic.Upon arriving, we ordered 'ritas'. They were very STRONG. After about 4 sips my partner with the grace of a hippo on ice skates spilled his in the middle of the table. Our waiter (Miguel C.) was very accommodating and quickly brought a replacement. You can tell a lot by the chips and salsa of Mexican food place. They were incredible. The chips were fresh, crisp and lightly salted. The red salsa was delicious and the surprise black bean dip was simply incredible. I could have made a meal out of these alone, but there were so many thing on the menu that beckoned me to try.I had the fish tacos, which I rarely order anywhere. The fish was perfect, the tortilla was light and the sauce was nice - a bit heavy on the mayo side, but nice. I definitely recommend.My partner had the brisket tacos and they were equally good. He doesn't eat fish, but I could resist having a bite of his - just to make sure. The meat was seasoned well and cooked perfectly.The checked arrived and I was perfectly prepared to pay for the spilled 'rita', but was surprised to see that our waiter simply replaced it at no-charge. That sealed the deal for me, because it showed me that these folks really do care about their customers. Dinner and Ritas for $50 is certainly hard to beat in Midown. We will definitely be back !!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,5/17/2013,439,285,6,11,13>Get here early!!!!  that is my advice when visiting this place.  Yes, it is open until 2pm!   If you arrive after 1pm, the availability of food is questionable.   They run out of cornbread quickly, same with the stuffed pork chops!   I grew up in California -- I know NOTHING about Cajun food --- that has changed since I found this wonderful place!    The chicken and sausage gumbo is available every day -- I highly recommend it!  So tasty!   My coworkers have enjoyed the seafood gumbo and shrimp -- I'm not a big fan of those, but they tell me it is quite tasty.  Your mileage my vary on that!so:  bottom line:  get here early, else you might not get what you want and they might run out of food.I'm sure the Cajun Chef on PBS would be proud!
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,5/16/2013,124,267,7,23,20>Oh how I love your hand made Linguine Pescatore.  Your sherry cream tarragon sauce with your perfectly grilled giant sea scallops alone were such a delight in my mouth.  Your shrimp, crab meat, clams and mussels were all so tenderly cooked and created a beautiful harmony .  Your hand made linguine had incredible flavor and texture.  A true 5 star dish.  I don't know if I could ever try anything else on your menu.  This entree just beckons me back.  Oh and I tried to replicate you at home and came close the first time but sadly didn't achieve it the 2nd time .  So I'll just have to spoil myself and revisit you.  Yes you do claim the title Foodgasm!One of my friends had the Cioppino and enjoyed it very much.  Hubby had the Veal Nance and gave it 4 stars.  My other friend had the Trout Pignoli which was a very large entree and enjoyed it with leftovers to take home.  Everyone enjoyed their smooth and creamy Farmers soup. The bread was authentic and yummy.  They had an oil and vinegar pesto dipping sauce for the bread which everyone liked except me.  I think it would be better without the vinegar personally.Our waiter was an older very proper Italian gentleman who timed everything perfectly.  The atmosphere was serene and very relaxing with the piano player playing in the background.  They also have a full bar and quite a stock of vino.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,5/15/2013,427,838,12,25,19>It's kind of weird writing a restaurant review for just half the restaurant, but this review is for The Pass side (in which you "pass" through a secret entrance to get to the dining room).The first, most clearly apt, and likely best word to describe The Pass is "bold." Everything about The Pass is simply, overtly, unabashedly bold.First, the concept: Splitting a restaurant in the middle: uhh, whaa? That's of interest in and of itself. But then, The Pass goes one even riskier step further, creating a one-turn-a-night tasting menu that has to hurt the bottom line but makes for a fantastic, individualistic dining experience.Second, the price point: $75 for 5-course ($120 with wine pairing) & $95 for 8-course ($160 with wine pairing) is a steep outlay in Houston. Worth it? Worth it. Like Farrah A., I highly recommend the 8 course, for one specific reason to be explained.Third, the jarringly excellent service: It's not unexpected that a place as fancy and pricey as The Pass would have great service. But it was completely unexpected that the entire experience came across as casual, jovial, and exceptionally enjoyable. The waitstaff played a huge role in this, and I commend them for their service.Fourth, the presentation. Going in, we promised not to be those Asians taking pictures of their food. We failed. The food is too gorgeous to not take photos.Finally, the flavor. I'm not going to lie. I didn't love all the dishes. I possibly didn't like half the dishes. But I loved the experiment. The daring. The wonder. And my wife? She completely disagreed with me and put it amongst the best meals she's ever had. In my book, that's enough to push The Pass to 5*.The piece de resistance of The Pass is the Ham & Eggs, a dish so unique it was featured on Alison Cook's Dish of the Week (29-95.com/restaurants/st). It's the 2nd course of the 8 course menu, and one that will probably stay on the menu for a great while due to its popularity. It's also available only on the 8 course menu, which is why I stated earlier you positively must opt for gluttony.Since I'm not a Russian spy married to Keri Russell, I've not often indulged in caviar and have no idea how to eat it. But I'm certain it tastes something like the way The Pass makes it, and looks nothing at all like how The Pass makes it. The pork cracklin'--the lede in Cook's writeup--is visually impressive and tasty (though I honestly preferred the wife's vegetarian-option potato crisp). But that caviar presentation, with a mound of fish eggs atop a bed of dehydrated vegetables, spices, and a thick creme fraiche looked and tasted absolutely divine.While not quite the masterpiece defined by the Ham & Eggs, the Bread course was my personal favorite. A play on both French toast and French onion soup, the soaked, l'oignon soupe-flavored "toast" combined with an array of onions was tangy, pickled, and a burst of sweet, salty, and sour flavors that made my taste buds come alive.To go back to my original description, the chefs--Seth Siegel-Gardner & Terrence Gallivan--are completely unafraid to turn the dial to 11 when it comes to flavor profiles. And it really should be described as multiple dials within a single dish. It doesn't always work. The Fernet dessert course, a milk chocolate mousse topped with herbs and vegetables, was too bitter on my palette and even more puzzlingly offset by the strange accoutrements. Similarly, the Pig dish had an overtly salty headcheese that wasn't quelled by the creamy saltiness of the blood pudding.No dish came understated, though the Raw course with a fantastic uni and amazing nori bucatini "pasta" was close. For me, the only pure miss was the Cheese course, where the macarons were badly prepared with an almost rock hard cookie and way too chewy filling.If, after reading this, you think of The Pass as the anti-Oxheart, you've understood my sentiments exactly. The dining room is a bright white, but the white linen setting belies a very convivial and charming environment. The food is as visually attractive as Oxheart's, if not more so, but will kick you in the teeth instead of soothingly slide into your stomach. And the very underrated wine pairing is 6 glasses deep (for the 8 course), equally bold, and will leave you in a state of intoxicating bliss.The Pass certainly deserves to be mentioned alongside the Michelin/Beard-caliber 2012 trinity of Oxheart, Underbelly and Uchi, and I'm willing to bet that there won't be a better restaurant opening in Houston for the rest of 2013. Even though The Pass opened in November 2012, the late opening date virtually guarantees that the restaurant will make a bunch of national Best New Restaurants lists in the upcoming year.  It would be downright criminal if that didn't come to pass.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,5/11/2013,75,140,6,6,7>This is definitely the place to be in the Heights if you have kids.  Or if, like me, you don't have kids but are obsessed with fro-yo.  It's a 1.5 mile walk from my house, so if I walk there and back, I've totally earned some extra toppings.I like that you can get your own sample cups and you don't have to ask behind the counter for them.  Some fro yo places dole those babies out like they're dealing in black market diamonds.Wednesdays are free waffle cone night.  The taro is my favorite flavor, followed closely by salted carmel.  There's always plenty of seating, indoor and out.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,5/10/2013,356,305,4,10,7>I stopped in for lunch the other day to continue my search for the best burger in Houston. I have been working my way through some of the best places to eat a burger and found myself near here the other day right at lunch time. A win/win situation. I needed lunch and Lankford's was there. I had to park down the street and walk to the place as it was right during peak lunch. No biggie as it was nice outside and I definitely could use the exercise especially knowing I was going to be eating a burger and fries.I was lucky enough to find a seat at the counter with no wait so that was a big plus. I waited a couple of minutes for a waitress to come and take my order. The special of the day was chicken fried steak, which I had to thing long and hard over ordering. I had come for the burger though so I stuck with my plan and ordered the double meat, double cheeseburger, fries and iced tea. I was brought my iced tea in a plastic bright colored cup and sipped on it while waiting for my order. The place was packed so I knew it would take a little while before I would get my food. No biggie as I was checking out the place. Lot of history and it is reflected in the building. It looks like a house that is turned into a restaurant. After about 10-15 minutes my food arrived and I proceeded to chow down.I think I made a mistake going with the double. That is one big ass burger. I could barely hold it in my hand much less try to get it in my mouth. I had to take half bites from it eating from the top patty and bun and then the bottom. The patties are easily 1/2 lb each so the burger was well over a pound with condiments. It was a very good burger. The meat could have used a little more seasoning in my opinion. The patties were also cooked a little too long and not as juicy as they could be, but still were tasty. The condiments were trying to fall out of the burger as I was eating it and I had to keep hold of it in one hand the entire time or it would have fallen apart. Very messy and juicy with juice running out of burger and down the paper wrapper. The fries they serve are just regular plain, probably frozen ones. They are not worth getting again. I think I will try onion rings next time.It was a nice burger and the experience of eating here was great also. I could see myself coming here and trying the other burger offerings or one of their lunch specials. The place is cash only so be sure to bring some. The line to pay was stretched out the door. Luckily, by the time I finished eating it was only a couple people. I can see why this place has been around for so long. It is a great neighborhood spot where you can go and have a good meal and relax and be yourself. The total bill for double cheeseburger, fries and tea was about $12 which is not too bad considering how big the burger was. I will not be getting that one again as I could not finish it all.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,5/9/2013,103,315,5,10,10>Always a bit wary of this place given a few rumours of a less than welcoming atmosphere, we finally took the plunge and enjoyed a solid Wednesday evening of Lone Stars, eclectic music, and one of the most interesting cross-sections of Heights dwellers.Good variety of seating, with a long bar adjacent to the very helpful and friendly bartender (I wish I'd gotten her name!), the variety of tables, couches near the TV, and of course the outdoor patio on Studewood. Compared to a few of the other old-school Heights taverns and bars, Shiloh surprises with both the availability of hard liquor drinks, and an intriguing selection of beers. No taps, but everything from mainstream icehouse (Lone Star, Miller Light, etc.) to craft beer and Guinness cans. The welcome fear was completely baseless; in fact, I felt more welcome here than I have in many a [insert one] Creek...We will be back again for sure.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,5/8/2013,100,119,9,17,13>My wife said to me she wanted to switch it up and get bangs. She then said "Yelp CM Farrah has nice bangs!" So we got on Yelp and learned about her hairstylist Tony.I needed a haircut too so we were pleasantly surprised to see his prices. $11 for a women's cut and $9 for a men's.. Only $20 + tip for both of us!The drive was a little up there but well worth it. We came in the mid afternoon and there was no wait. My wife got Tony and I got Cindy.My haircut from Cindy made me look handsome. Cindy was very nice and sweet. She included a shampoo and styled it up afterward.And my wife who got styled by Tony came out smokin' hot in her new bangs! He took his time and did a fantastic job. I love her new look! She does too.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,5/7/2013,556,161,11,19,11>Finding the right massage parlor is like finding the right man. Once you find the one that goes above and beyond your expectations, there's no need to slut yourself around to the other cheap, unsatisfying ones.Triple Tree Center dares to put itself in the heart of an area cluttered with many seemingly identical massage joints yet charge at least 5 to 10 dollars more. They're either crazy or confident. I say they're the latter. The first time I made an appointment I ended up having to cancel. There was no fuss, and they were very kind about it. Communication is no problem here. I requested two women for a couple's massage; I got two women (sounds simple enough... but, trust me, it's not). They were already set up and waiting for us when we arrived. The hot water for our feet was already by our chairs. They promptly set our belongings aside to get us ready for the massage. Instead of old sweaty towels, they use blankets to cover you. Instead of Equate baby lotion, they use a scented massage lotion. The ambiance is beyond any place in the Bellaire area, and it truly adds to the experience.The best part? Both of our masseuses were amazing. I've had good massages, but this was spectacular. i never wanted it to end. My boyfriend's was just as good. The staff here seems to be well learned in what they do. Each movement is made with intent. In any other massage parlor, you get your "foot" massage, then finish in the back on a real massage table. Here, there is no need to ruin the relaxation mid-massage. Their reclining chairs turn into massage tables and all you have to do is flip over and keep enjoying.This place is another fine example of how Yelp has never steered me wrong. They gave me a stamp card (visit 9 times, get the 10th free), and I plan to fill it before the end of January. I'm glad I found "the one" and I don't think I'll be going anywhere else for a very long time.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,5/6/2013,364,610,10,15,13>I am so incredibly happy with my experience here!  Being a woman of a certain age and a certain size, I am not accustomed to a) good service from a constume/dance/ertotica shop b) a good selection of items to choose from.  I went in to Erotic Cabaret looking for some costume needs and was not sure what to expect.  I was greeted by a friendly staff and promptly helped.  At no time was I made to feel too old, too un-hip, or too fat to deal with.  Au contrere!  I was made to feel welcome, appreciated, and valued.  I had a good time shopping, and I was honestly set in my mind to have a struggle.  I was happy to find my entire costume in this shop.  Whoo hoo!  Done in record time.  I had a good selection to choose from and it wasn't like "here's the fat people section, hope you like the ugly styles we have for you".  Oh no, there were fun items for all sizes.  My salesperson was incredibly fun to work with too.  I enjoyed working with her.The shop has dance wear, costuming of the sexy variety, great costumes for dancers or ladies that want to dance for their special person, gag gifts, and toys for adult fun and games.  If you need something for a more mature time, go here.  Honestly, you will be really happy with the selection and service.  I will be back, I promise!!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,5/5/2013,251,161,12,16,16>I really like this place and I have the socks to prove it. Okay, I didn't buy the socks, they were gifted but they are pretty righteous.Been here twice with the boyfriend and once with bestie. I've never left hungry or unsatisfied with what I've gotten.Here's the skinny...Parking: Valet style. Not a huge fan of this method so when possible I'll parallel on the side road.Seating: Despite the fact that this place seems constantly packed, there is plenty of it. 2 bar areas and as many 4 tops as the eye can see.Drinks: Yes, you can have your draft Kirin if you like but check out their specialty drink menu because it's ballin' and shot callin'. Mango Martini is a personal fav.Food: uhm... awesome. The rolls are huge. Pineapple on my roll? Get outta here! Naming it the Hawaiian? Clever bastards. Sushi is a good size too but I do have a qualm about the little amount of rice. I want more dang it! I love me some unagi but I am not big on how they trim it here so I think I will pass on that from now on. Ahi Tower is hands down my favorite and honestly, unless forced, I don't want to share. One thing I've learned from the boyfriend is to talk to the chefs about what's not on the menu. Seemed to benefit us (See pictures for details) except for the monk fish liver, that really tested my texture issues.Happy Hour: Great selection and lowered prices! I can see walking out full for about a quarter of what is usually spent. That makes me want to quote that annoying pig on those insurance commercials and scream "Weeeeeee"Bluefish Membership: $25 down gets you the membership, a gift card of that value and the ability to rack up redeemable points. Sweet. Double point Wednesdays. Double sweet.Get used to this face guys cause I think you just found yourself a regular.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,5/3/2013,61,126,11,13,12>Guilty as charged!! I have fallen in love. This place is downright superb. I came here after noticing the marvelous reviews (5 stars = wow it must be good). I came in right when they opened and the only people there where me and the barista (sorry for my early arrival sir). Even at the crack of dawn this barista was cheerful, kind, and undyingly helpful. He explain their very exotic drink menu and helped me choose a drink best suited for my taste buds! I ended up ordering an iced chai, but was extremely tempted to get the zen smoothie or their saffron latte! Yep saffron people! The most rare and exotic spice on the planet in a flipping latte! Next time Doshi House..next time. The chai was an absolute explosion of flavor in my mouth! It was smooth yet spicy..not bland and yucky like a lot of places in h-town (I will not list names). The barista told me they make their chai in house and it takes 36 hours to make!! ROUND OF APPLAUSE DOSHI HOUSE! BRAVO! BRAVO! I even ordered seconds on that chai just an FYI. i was also informed that all of their pastries were made locally which is super great. supporting local businesses is what us yelpers do...so glad to see other businesses helping each other out as well!  I will most definitely be returning and anyone considering this place should absolutely go! No if ands or buts this place is the bees knees! True story!
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,5/2/2013,239,166,16,11,9>I pass this unassuming fried fish place constantly but didn't have an oppor-tuna-ty to sample its wares until recently. When I was trying to decide between the catfish plate and the cod/oyster/shrimp platter, I took a look at all the fresh seafood laid out in the ice box and the expressions of contentment on all the patrons faces and decided just for the halibut to get both plates! They fry their seafood perfectly here; it tastes a lot less oily than other places, and their cole slaw is simple (cabbage/mayo/etc) but so addicting. I'm hesitant to give this place anymore pub b/c there aren't that many tables open during the lunch/dinner rush, but decided against being shellfish. If ya'll ever want to share a few platters here, let minnow!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,5/1/2013,376,293,5,6,6>We arrived late Sunday afternoon and scored the last open table!  Hooray!  We beat the rush!  We both ordered a pound of their shrimp ($9.99/lb.) in the Heaven sauce (mixture of all sauces) medium spicy with corn, potatoes, and sausage.  Super savory, garlicky, and buttery with just enough spicy and a bit oily from the butter, but we had no complaints.  The shrimps were plump, huge, and full of flavor.  Yes, this place is very similar to Boiling Crab, but less salty and no wait.  Crawfish Heaven is a winner in my book and I'm pleased with their service and food.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,4/30/2013,51,266,10,14,11>One of the best burgers I've ever had in my life (kimchi burger). No joke. I realize that's a bold statement to make, but I would NEVER kid about that. I know you probably think I am being cheeky- I'm not. I am being dead serious. It was HUGE, fresh, sooooo many flavors hitting my tongue at the same time all working in some weird perfect harmony. I may have wept one little tiny tear when it was all eaten up. I do not recommend getting fries as the side, unless you have a friend tagging along who will eat them off your plate- cause that's a LOT of food, even for a pro like me. Drinks, equally amazing. I've come a few times just to drink, very pleasant and creative drink list. I am into it. Service, all three times I've been here the service has been outstanding. Came during peak hours once and they were slammed, it took a while but hey! You have to expect a little wait time when a place is totally packed and they are making amazing things for your tummy. The server kept apologizing for it taking a while, I actually thought the wait wasn't that bad, considering how crowded it was. But I did appreciate that he was considerate and polite about it.three thumbs up! wait....I don't really have three thumbs, I may just be slightly buzzed from the drinks I had here earlier- I promise..ummmm make that TWO very enthusiastic thumbs up :)
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,4/29/2013,320,247,7,12,15>After a few more visits (dine in), this place jumped from 3 to a strong 5 stars.  Service is exceptional and the menu is diverse enough to cater to vegans, vegetarians and meat lovers.The house wine is pretty cheap.  $5 and it pairs well with the food.  When I wrote my first review, I think I ordered takeout on an "off" day bc the shrimp was bad...but the next 3 visits made up for it.We even had a huge UYE in 2012, about 20 of us and the restaurant took such good care of us.  They even split the checks for all 20 of us...I was totally impressed.  I have a lot of out of town friends who love Thai food and this is where I will be taking them from now on.  Yum!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,4/28/2013,89,457,5,8,7>Um, hello perfection.I dined at Provisions a few weeks after the grand opening for the boyfriend's 30th birthday. I love love love the decor, service, and overall ambiance - perfect setting for a nice fancy food-but-not-fancy attitude celebratory dinner.Let's talk service. Our server was really patient, really nice, and oh SO knowledgeable. She recommended most of the dishes we ended up ordering and also paired our meal with this wonderful bottle of wine that is probably my new favorite in life. We went rogue and ordered one dish despite her recommendation and definitely regretted it afterwards.On to the food! We had...- Kimchi Pan au Lait with egg yolk: helloooo deliciousness- Roasted Salsify: I didn't know was salsify was but I ate it and I loved it- Uni Pizza: the one dish that she did not suggest. My least favorite of the night, but I think it's because I really don't like uni- Beef Short Ribs: yum & yum- Cresta de Gallo: the best dish I have ever had in Houston. Bold statement, but it's true - this dish was amaaazing.- Yuzu Sherbet: yum!Do yourself a favor and come experience this restaurant.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,4/27/2013,229,569,11,11,10>Polonia came as a pleasant surprise. I consider myself pretty versed in Branch restaurants but this one somehow has escaped me for too long! My brother and I came here pretty hungry after a long shoot. The bread that was brought to the table was very welcome and gone in a few short minutes. The butter was unusual, but VERY tasty. So I asked, "What is this?" The lady smiled at me and said, "Pork fat." Mmmmmmm. . . .oddly, kinda sexy, but yes, I'll go to therapy later. I recommend everyone try some pork fat on bread. It's amazing!  I must have been fiending for potatoes because we ordered potato pancakes as an appetizer. They came with Sour Cream and were delicious. As a main course, I had Potato Pancakes, Goran Style. It sounded manly and sure enough it was massive--stuffed with meaty goodness.  It's like I told my brother, every cuisine has some sort of taco!I will definitely be back. I'm hungry just thinking about Polonia!
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,4/26/2013,152,164,7,21,12>I never thought I'd be the type of person to enjoy boot camp so much, but this training camp is a real winner. I was getting bored of my usual gym routine (so much that I wasn't really going much anymore *cough* ahem) and fellow Yelper Danielle S. brought it to my attention that MGT was running a great Groupon deal around New Years. In all honesty, I figured it was such a good deal that if I only went a few times before I was scared away it wouldn't be a big waste of money.  Well, I just finished my 6 weeks session and I've already signed up for the next one. It is that good.On my first day, Chris Green greeted me with a big smile, high-five, and asked me to promise not to hate him for what I was about to be put through. Gulp. I will admit it was tough the first day (and the whole first week, really) but everyone was showering me with motivation and encouraging me to not give up. And I listened. I enjoy this program because of the positive, motivating environment that Chris Green and his trainers create but also because we are always doing something different. There is no routine, but there is always some form of cardio, strength training (focus on upper body one day and lower body on others), and core exercises.  I still go to the gym on some off days from boot camp and find myself pushing myself harder than I ever have before. I have a long way to go until I reach my fitness goals, but I'm definitely a lot stronger and have gained much endurance from when I first started with MGT.RESULTS!
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,4/25/2013,439,301,14,12,8>Let me preface this review by saying I have only been to TopGolf for after work libations, never to golf! I think it's a pretty good atmosphere to indulge in HH. I'd suggest getting there before 6 if you want to find a parking spot and a seat.  I believe we got there around 5ish and the parking lot was already pretty full but the bar wasn't nearly as full as when we left around 8ish. The service was iffy.  We had someone working our table that clearly knew nothing about alcohol or their happy hour specials.  He went back and forth about 4 times before another guy accompanied him and we got answers to basic questions.  Their drinks were decent, the street tacos were delish as were the flatbreads!  The breeze from the open windows, the lights...everything about this place screams great hh atmosphere.Security on a golf cart was super friendly and gave us a ride to our cars...With it being so close to my job, definitely coming back. Probably not to golf though, 3 hour wait times??? *cue Sweet Brown* ain't nobody got time fa dat!!!!!
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,4/24/2013,424,539,7,33,20>Only ten percent of my 400 + reviews receive five stars because I really treat it as "Whoohoo! As good as it gets!" That means I can't give out five stars willy nilly. Otherwise, the power of this superlative rating would be diluted.With that being said, what drove me to this excellent rating was the combined effect of on-point service (explaining each item that came out and how to eat if required), uniqueness of cuisine (modern Japanese tapas), fresh and flavorful palate combinations, and the extraordinary value of happy hour.  The last one is your key to success, as money doesn't grow on trees and no way in hell am I spending $100 on a meal. Amongst five people we paid $27 with tax and tip.Happy hour is from 5PM - 6:30PM, and almost everything on the HH menu is $6 or $3.  Granted you get less portions than the normal menu, but the point of Uchi is to eat tapas style anyway.  So it's best to bring three or four of your friends to maximize price distribution with menu items ordered. Also, try to get there at 5 PM when they open. Note: incomplete parties will not be seated. Out of the ten food items that were on the menu, we ordered eight, with four repeats (obviously the table favorites):Makimono (rolls) - all were 5-6 pieces4.5 - Ham and Eggs (katsu pork belly, yolk custard, espelette): Five pieces were served, as the fried pork belly was front and center.  Since it was deep fried, it left a warm sensation in your mouth as you ate the rice, sprinkled with pepper.  Also, two sauces were present as one was an egg , as our table's take was to dip both, with half on each side of the roll! Some at the table thought the roll was too dry, so definitely be sure to add sauce.  Pork belly itself was excellent.5 - Spicy Crunchy Tuna (bigeye tuna, avocado, jalapeno, cucumber) - Tuna was plentiful, soft, and delicious. Freshly minced jalapeno added that extra kick, while the avocado balanced it as well as adding a creamy texture.  Two sauces were also present, as the green aoili sauce was my preferred over the sweet chili sauce due to its creamier consistency. We ordered this two times.4 - Shag (tempura roll, salmon, sun-dried tomato, avocado) - Because all the ingredients were "normal,", meaning I've had similar rolls at other restaurants, this was my least favorite of the roll.but it still got a four star rating. Tempura was warm, giving your belly a nice treat!Tastings4.5 - Uchiviche (salmon, stripped bass, bell pepper, tomato, garlic, cilantro) - This dish is small, so we ended up ordering this twice so everyone could experience both the salmon and bass.  I preferred the bass, as it was a more subtle fish, blending well with the extra salt sprinkled on top and the tartness of a ceviche dish. The strips of yellow bell pepper added crispness and crunchiness to the bite, as the small cherry tomatoes rounded off the dish with a hint of sweetness.5 - Machi Cure (smoked baby yellowtail, yucca crisp, Asian pear, marcona almond, garlic brittle, raisin) - This was my favorite dish! The smokiness of the yellowtail added a deep taste, while the pear was oh so sweet and crisp. The almond and raisin provided further earth tones, all held up on a yucca chip, providing that crunch and starch to complete the experience. My mouth is watering as I write this review! Needless to say, this was ordered twice.3.5 - Kakiage (sweet potato, onion fritter) - It's just tempura fried potato and onions, so nothing special.  But it was a steal for $3 at two fritters.4.5 - Bacon Otoshi (pork belly, fennel, orange, apple tare) - What did it for me was the cute lil' orange slices! I felt like a giant eating a mini orange!  But in all seriousness, pork belly was cooked and seared perfectly, the fennel added the crunch factor, and the orange and apple sent waves of sweetness to my senses. The caramelization of the fruit gave this dish an almost whimsical feel. Sadly, only ordered once.5 - Walu Walu (oak-grilled escolar, candied citrus, yuzupon, myoga) - You cannot go wrong with escolar.  And if you've ever had grilled fish at an authentic Japanese restaurant, this dish may be the most traditional out of all.  The escolar was basted in the yuzupon and citrus sauce, as you are served spoons to catch this sauce and fish in one fabulous bite.  The escolar was very tender and soft on the inside while slightly charred on the outside.  Ordered twice and table favorite. Like I mentioned earlier, portions are small, so please don't expect to become stuffed for happy hour. Instead, enjoy all the complexities and textures never experienced before at a standard Japanese restaurant. The small portions actually lend itself to the scarcity and value of the flavor, as they force you to savor small bites rather than swallowing food whole.If you come here during regular hours, you're going to pay a higher bill and your expectations may be higher. So save your hard-earned cash and check out their 1.5 hours of happiness!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,4/23/2013,133,272,18,27,29>Finally! I got to try real pho! And it was delicious! And I'll admit that it is SO HARD for me to NOT pronounce it "FO." I mess up every other time I say it, lol! Since I was getting over a cold when my co-workers and I came to Ba Mien for lunch, the hot soup felt good on my throat.I also tried their Vietnamese eggrolls and their hot coffee. Mmm...the coffee was outstanding. Hot, flavorful and very strong. My friend and fellow Yelper, Sarah K. couldn't quite take the strength of the coffee (haha) but I could! I prefer my coffee strong!But back to the pho...I had the chicken pho and it was very tasty. The bowl it was served in was HUGE! I was only able to eat about half of it and took the rest home. I'm still daydreaming about the noodles that were in it.I can't wait to go back! I'll have to try one of the sandwiches next time even though it'll be hard for me not to order the pho.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,4/22/2013,305,198,16,30,14>I made the mistake of just shopping in the store front my first time! I wondered what the big deal was when I found produce that was not much cheaper than I would find at my local grocery store. I was just absolutely adamant that I must have made a mistake, so when I got home I pulled yelp up to read the reviews (something I really should have done before my first trip).Everything everyone says about going straight to the back is absolutely 100% true. The back lot is HUGE! It's like the magic in Harry Potter where something looks really small on the outside, but someone charmed it to where you walk in and it is 100 times bigger than you thought it was. There has to be about 30-50 different vendors all selling delicious looking produce at dirt cheap prices. There are those who mention that you can haggle the price down, but I don't know why you would want to... I'm satisfied with the first price that they give me!If you don't believe me, let me tell you about my father who is the world's biggest critic. Time and time again I tell him about the many wonderful businesses I come across and he tells me, "I'll believe it when I see."I invited him to come and do just that. The entire way, he complained that no amount of savings could compensate for the amount that I was burning to drive all the way from Katy to the Heights. He got really upset when the surrounding area did not look as safe as our neighborhood (he is licensed to carry a concealed handgun and apparently afraid of everything that moves). He was also skeptical when we pulled up to El Canino's modest storefront...But we passed right on through and the rest of the trip was something like that office supply store commercial where that one guy walks around and repeatedly shouts, "WOW, THAT'S A LOW PRICE!" 1 box of cherry tomatoes $0.501 bag of 10 roma tomatoes $1.501 bag of potatoes $1.004 grapefruits $1.001 giant bag of pumpkin seeds $3.002 Avocados $1.0010 oranges $1.50It almost feels like stealing!!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,4/21/2013,413,275,12,10,13>My boyfriend is Mexican and never enjoyed the pleasure of dim sum until he went with my family. His whole world opened up to a variety of asian goodies.  He has the biggest sweet tooth, so it wasn't a surprise to me that his favorite dish at dim sum was the egg tarts. He ate a whole order on his own and was raving about how delicious it was. um, WAIT there buddy....you don't know what delicious egg tart is until you go to Eck Bakery!I took him to Eck Bakery today to pick up a box of egg tarts with the only cash I had in my wallet. Another fact about him is that he often relates Asian food back to Mexican food. As he bit into the flaky, crust topped with fluffy egg custard, he exclaims "this is like flan on a pastry!"I haven't been to Eck in a while but I remembered them having egg white egg tarts, strawberry, and melon ones. The egg yolk tarts are classic though. These "flan on a pastry" from Eck are a must try!
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,4/19/2013,278,508,11,10,9>Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned.  Badly.I know at the New Year and during this Lenten period, I have had impure thoughts about how I could break my "maintain, don't gain" stance.  Resistance against these ambrosian burgers is futile.  And oh how I was tempted by the lunch special: $10 for a burger, side salad, and fries.  Say what?!  When have you heard those prices for gourmet burgers?Alas!  I had a partner in crime.  Said partner partook in this burger sin by agreeing to split our burgers so we could both share in the culinary delights.  We ordered refreshing sweet tea, an Astrodome (Frito pie) burger on wheat, and a Pancho on an egg bun, and guru fries galore.Dear Lord, you know how I have a picky-eater father and a sensitive-stomach mother that somehow made me be quite the unfortunate accomplice in such foodie-goings.  However, you seemed also to bless this chef (who owns Japaneiro's) to make some heavenly creations that even I would eat!First came the house salad that I never seem to get excited for at any restaurant.  Yet somehow, the delicious ginger vinaigrette just put a huge, dopey grin on my face for the remainder of the meal!I would admit that maybe I preferred this Astrodome.  This black bean chili within the pie was what I was least expecting but most enjoyed!  While I eventually chose to side step some of those jalapenos and pickles after many bites, that Pancho was a decently good one, too.  (Yes, those avocados helped take the edge off!)  Smoked bacon, you bad boy!Oh, but such delighting did not stop there.  My tastebuds were graced by the Yin and Yang dessert crepe.  Oh, blessed creature that destroyed my will to "maintain don't gain."  How could anyone resist?I do hope that you find the prevenient grace to forgive, because I do expect to go there many a time in the future.  (Hopefully by then I can up this rating to five stars with a completed patio next door...)Amen.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,4/18/2013,131,191,5,12,9>When I heard that we'd be trying "a new paleo place" called Corner Table for my friend's birthday dinner, I was intrigued.  The paleo trend has taken off within the CrossFit community, but still doesn't have much of a presence within the Houston food scene.  I was curious if they'd simply grill up a steak, serve it with some roasted veggies and slap the paleo label on it, or if they'd really take it to the next level with creativity.  In a diet full of food substitutions and creations that are made to taste like the real deal, it can often leave you unsatisfied.  Opening up a restaurant that proudly serves up paleo dishes can be risky, but I can confidently say that Corner Table achieves it better than I could have ever imagined.The place itself looks like a work of art with massive decorative mirrors, paintings, and chandeliers.  For this particular occasion they sat us in a private room, which was perfect for our large group.  The wait staff was incredibly attentive and knowledgeable.  For a starter, my boyfriend and I split the paleo buffalo wings.  They were delicious, and quite possibly the largest wings I've ever seen in my life.  Juicy, meaty, and with just the perfect amount of heat, they didn't taste like a paleo dish trying to be something it's not.  They were genuinely good.  For my entree I went with the paleo enchiladas, which I was especially curious about.  The tortillas were made from coconut flour, but you couldn't even tell.  They tasted just as good, if not better, than the real thing.  The enchilada sauce was perfect too and the whole meal was impressive, to say the least.  I couldn't finish all 3 so I took one home for the next day and loved it just as much for leftovers.  All my friends and I agreed that this place was a great find!  I can't wait to come back and try more paleo dishes!
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,4/17/2013,180,247,5,10,6>Great prices and great food. We came here last Sunday for lunch and this place was packed. We had to wait about 15 minuets to find a spot. There are no tables here, you will need to wait for a stool and sit at the bar, it gets challenging if you have several people in your party. Once seated you will be rubbing elbows with your dining neighbors. This is not a fine dining establishment, very casual... I like it!The food here is fresh, most of it is fried but you can tell it's never been frozen. We had the stuffed jalapenos for an appetizer. They are stuffed with crab and shrimp, very good. We also had the hush puppies, yummy. I tasted the gumbo, it too was pretty good. The gumbo here is different than most I have had, this one is almost a bisque.For my entree I had the fried shrimp plate and fries. Hot and fresh, I would get this again, maybe.... I did try one of the stuffed shrimp, it was fantastic as well.... maybe I will get to stuffed crabs next time.... or the raw oysters... or the crab fingers... everything here looks great. You may have a hard time deciding. Friendly employees except to the the guy working the register... I was waiting for him to yell "NO SOUP FOR YOU!". One thing I did notice, they could use a few more busboys. Lots of empty plates and glasses were left on the counter and seating areas. It would really help with the flow if they were quicker in cleaning up after the customer left. Parking was an issue as the lot fills up quickly. Even with the limited parking and cramped seating areas, I will be a regular. You just can't beat the fresh seafood here and the low prices.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,4/16/2013,181,536,9,9,10>The Volcano Roll is hands down the best roll I've ever had. The Salmon Nigiri is soooo good it just melts in your mouth.Again, service was excellent! They recognized me from yelp... what???!!! I felt like a super star! Watch out -- here comes TMZ! The entire staff are just the sweetest people.I finally got to use my $10 for $20 deal. It was just the two of us and we ordered way too much. Miso Soup, Stuffed Jalepenos, Salmon Nigiri, Extra White Tuna Nigiri, Boston Roll, Volcano Roll, Bell Tower Roll, and Fahrenheit 1330 Roll. Everything came out beautiful and tasted really good. They even offered us dessert on the house (mango ice-cream) -- yummy!This is definitely my official sushi spot from now on!
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2012,4/15/2013,193,129,10,14,13>There's just something endearing and magical about this place.  Was here a few weeks ago...and something about sitting outside at dusk, basking in a gentle fall breeze, enjoying a delicious burger, washing it all down with a cold one, and watching cars whiz by under the freeway - makes you feel transported to a different era, when things were more simple :)This place is truly a 'shack', located right under Westpark.  The place is bare bones minimum.  There are few tables inside, but they have a nice patio/porch outside.  They make a darn good burger - not out of this world or anything extraordinary, but solid.  I had the buffalo burger, and you have the option of dressing it however you like.  Cheap prices too.  As others have mentioned a bummer that they don't serve fries...but the jalapeno potato salad was surprisingly good and I recommend trying it at least once. I can see this place becoming a new favorite for me!
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2012,4/14/2013,215,403,13,16,15>"You must love this country more than I love a cold beer on a hot Christmas morning."-Homer (the Springfield Nuclear Plant worker, not the Greek Poet) Premium Draught is a beer store par excellence.  They have local craft beers and a few national ones on tap (they had Anchor when I was there).  You pick a bottle (a "growler")--large or jug, put a $6 deposit down, and watch as beer-goodness is poured from the tap into the vessel.  And when you're done, you return with your growler(s) and swap them out for more.They have numerous craft beers by the bottle, as well.  So if you had your heart set on something and they just don't have quite what you want on tap, there's always that option.What's not to love?  Parking...well, it's the Antidote parking lot but street parking is abundant.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,4/13/2013,543,497,10,17,12>What does 4 stars say..."Yay! I'm a fan."    Darn it, I think I am.  Let me get a correction going about this place!  It is pronounced "Bread of Heaven," yet it is not spelled that way!  It is actually "Bread of Hevan!"  One would assume that they named it this way to make you remember the place...mission accomplished.  Also, I can not give this place 5 stars because they have too many items on the menu for me to try before I can give out that 5th star!  That is all.Why did the staff have to be so nice, friendly, polite, attentive and overall, positively professional?  These are just a bunch of Houstonians, with Louisiana roots, just making lots and lots of good food.  They have everything from ox tails to stewed turkey.  They serve different sweet items from homemade cakes and pies, to Blue Bell ice cream.  Plenty of space for large groups, and enough food items and variety to bring the kiddos and have them enjoy themselves as well.  If you have the type of children that needs to have a television on in the room, they even have a couple of those around as well!  If you are looking to eat a meal that taste like someone made it at their house, then you come to this place.  No artistic food items here!  They concentrate on big portions and big yum!It is amazing, but I never noticed this place before.  If you ride down 1960, towards Highway 59, and then make a right on Highway 59, this place is one of the many black buildings that comprise a strip mall.  Not sure what to expect from a place that claims to offer "Southern Home Style Delights."  I definitely expected to walk inside and find some Canadian behind the counter, but that was not the case.  As aforementioned, this is a group of Houstonians with Louisiana roots that are very hospitable.  They offer samples because they have TOO MANY FRICKIN' OPTIONS!!!  I decided to go with a 2 meat, 2 sides plate to try to maximize the visit.  I also opted to get a dessert.  I did not feel like being good, so I decided if it was not fried, those meats did not need to be anywhere near my body!  I opted for the fried chicken wings and fried pork chops.  They had stewed meats and many meats in gravy, but fried stuff kept calling me.  I needed to silence those voices.  Way too many sides to choose from, and even though that carrot soufflé looked really good, I really wanted some yams and macaroni and cheese.  Once again I ran into the problem of too many choices when it came to my dessert, but the nice person about to ring me up suggested I try the pound cake with lemon glaze, which I did.Take a look at the picture I posted of my tray, and you will notice that these folks hooked me up with food! I had plenty.  They even threw in a slice of cornbread.  Too much food is truly a great problem to have.  My sides were okay.  I like my cornbread to taste like a moist cake, but this cornbread was a firm, sweet bread.  Tasty none the less I must add.  I like my yams to add 3 pounds of fat to me with each bite.   There yams were reasonably and sensibly sweetened.  I liked that also.  The macaroni and cheese was not common variety and seemed to be made with some white cheese and beef...different and tasty.  Both meats were fried really well, were juicy and had a taste I thought about for a few hours after eating!  The cake was moist and delicious.  You just have to love homemade confections!  I did not finish my meal and brought a little bit of everything home and ate again.  The wife tasted everything and wants to go visit them.These folks cater, so I may have to make up an event just so they can come to my house and let me be lazy with my family!  Everything was spotless, including the restrooms, and the staff constantly cleaned tables, picked up trash and kept cups full.  I was told that if I thought all those options were too much, then I need to come in Sunday, because they have even more to choose from!  This place is definitely worth trying to see if you receive the type of treatment I did!
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,4/11/2013,284,893,6,11,9>I'll preface this review by saying that I ate at a Benjy's a few years ago on a date and it was unmemorable. I don't remember what I ordered and I don't remember having any desire to go back. I thought it was too expensive for how boring my dinner was.One Saturday morning I received the occasional text from my girlfriend. A simple "brunch?" and a quick response of hell yea. I went to pick her up and we were on our way to Beaver's when we thought maybe we should consider Benjy's? We turned around the car and pulled in.As I read the menu, after I read about every brunch option I said to myself "oh my god I'm getting that... no I'm getting that!" Every option on the menu sounded so amazing and well thought out. Our waitress then asked if we would like to hear about the specials. This Saturday's special was fried oysters, sausage, and crispy Brussels sprouts served over grits. Oh hells yea.My brunch was so damn amazing. I devoured every bite and didn't take much time to breath or talk. It was so well flavored and it went together so nicely. I was blown away. I was also happy to see that there was no sticker shock from ordering the special of the day. It was $14 just as many of the other brunch options were. It's a bit high priced to make it a weekly occasion, but truly worth every penny. The food is divine.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,4/10/2013,52,88,6,9,9>Went to this little gem for an anniversary dinner after a quick search on yelp. Holy crap!!! This place is freaking delicious!! I am going to be cliche, but the saying never judge a book by its cover fits this establishment perfectly. The building is not much to look at, and like other reviewers have said, it is tiny! Not wanting  to wait like others have mentioned, we showed up early 6:00pm on a Saturday. We were seated right away. We saw from other reviews that this was a BOYB with a small cork fee...Not anymore folks...they now sell beer and wine, and if you want to bring your own bottle there is an $8 corking fee...All I can say is the rest of my time here was a blur...either because of the wine, or the pure blissful state this place evokes! The food was amazing!! We had the fried artichoke appetizer, and the garlic bread. Both were fantastic! I ordered the eggplant Parmesan with a side of steamed veggies, and the Hubs had the shrimp Parmesan with a side of spaghetti and steamed veggies. My eggplant dish was to die for! It was almost like an eggplant lasagna, with layers of sauce, ricotta, and mozzarella nestled in between planks of fried eggplant, topped with a chiffonade of fresh basil. I was in absolute heaven!!! The hubs really enjoyed his shrimp dish, and the side of spaghetti was surprisingly scrumptious. Most Italian restaurant's side dishes are not worth mentioning, but everything on our plates elicited a moan, or closed eye eating response. I highly recommend this place!!! The prices are beyond reasonable, the service is superb, and the food will knock your socks off!!! (cliche again....sorry! But it is so true!!!)
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,4/9/2013,65,103,,12,13>There are few churches that I've been to that truly bring ALL people together. As most people know, Sunday is the most segregated day of the week.  I myself attended an ethnic-centric church when I first started going which was towards the end of high school.First Baptist Downtown is a 1-year old satellite church of Houston's First Baptist Church(the Loop) and its campus pastor is Lee Hsia.  I've known Lee for over 10 years now and I honestly don't know if I've ever met a more generous person - with his time, finances, his life.  He lost his parents and grandmother 10 years ago in a car accident.  But his joy in hope, patience in affliction, and faithfulness in prayer has been inspiring for me personally.First Baptist Downtown is a church that primarily reaches out to 5 groups: artists, the homeless, college students, business men and women , and healthcare workers in downtown Houston.  They meet "underground" in the basement of the 1010 Lamar Building where they rent space once a week.  If I were to pick 3 words to describe the church, I would say: humble, diverse, and welcoming.I haven't participated in any church activities aside from attending Sunday services so I can't speak to those ministries, but from the fringes, I see a church trying to satisfy the spiritual needs of the people of downtown Houston and building a community founded on the gospel of Christ, the author of love.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,4/8/2013,151,258,12,9,10>Nothing makes me happier than coming into work and finding a box of Shipley's that someone had brought in. Not many things can beat a warm, fluffy, glazed donut. Except maybe a kolache because they sell mean kolaches as well. Sadly, these donuts are making me fat and I might need to take a hiatus.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,4/7/2013,116,293,1,7,9>This review is for their catering service only:I recently used them for my husband's company holiday party. The booking was very last minute - party was on a Saturday and I didn't contact them until the Wednesday before. But, they were able to accommodate us. The back and forth communication, whether by phone or email, was easy. Food was delivered on time and it was a hit at the party! Everyone is talking about using them again on future events.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,4/6/2013,71,103,3,8,9>Who knew this was in the neighborhood?! Well, my husband did...My husband and I are fixing up a 1945 teardrop trailer. Unfortunately it needs a lot of work. Luckily my hubby is quite handy and is up to the task. But we need very specific wood for this trailer. Marine grade, a certain thickness, and also we need that in fir.Thinking I am going to have to go to a lumber mill outside the Houston city limits, this is not a way I was planning to spend my Saturday. In the car, I have the tank full and my tea ready; we head off down Studewood. Then we make a detour and lo and behold, I am standing in front of a cute building.We walk in and my husband rattles off his dream piece of lumber. The nice guys behind the desk say, yep we have that in stock. We then head back to building two and this is a wood workers paradise.We pick out the lumber and 3 minutes later we are back at our house using the lumber. Win, Win!
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,4/5/2013,73,47,22,12,12>I had caviar and cocktails on the patio.  Along with whatever my company had ordered, all of which was fantastic. Great food.  Wonderful cocktails.  A friendly and helpful staff.And as a bonus, If you sit on the Patio on a Thursday/Friday/Saturday night you can experience the mating dance between the Oil & Gas executive and the Gold Digger.  Or the River Oak's Cougar and the GTL douche bag.  Plus it's also neat to see the River Oaks crowd file in a with one impressive sports car after another.One of the best French restaurants in Houston.  Check it out.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,4/4/2013,225,440,17,17,14>When I come to MKT I dream of city living and visiting on a daily basis...unfortunately for me I'm stuck in suburbia hell.MKT offers a lot of bang for your buck, and a trendy yet cozy atmosphere to sit back, relax and sample a few beers or cocktails.  I love that they offer a varied menu and also have espresso and gelato available as well.  They have plenty of specials on different week nights, including 2 steak nights and 1/2 priced wine bottles on Wednesdays.  The prices are vary reasonable by downtown standards and the service is always great.I recently visited for happy hour with a friend and some family and we sampled one of the cheese plates (so much more than just cheese!), a pizza, and two flavors of gelato.  Everything was tasty and the gelato left me wanting more (try the pistachio orange blossom...the bomb.com!).  MKT has easily made it's way onto my HH rotation schedule, so I will be back...and you should be scared.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,4/3/2013,233,113,15,21,20>I couldn't stand the thought of a crepe before I tried a Sweet Paris crepe. All the crepes I've ever had.. once in Houston and twice in Las Vegas, they were bland or TOO sweet. Bleh. I'm SO glad I've given it another try. I went to meet a friend and he suggested crepes for brunch. Of course I flinched a bit when he said "Crepes" but decided not to tell him what my face really looked like and gave it another try. I told him the truth during lunch and thanked him in the end :)Indoor and outdoor tables get filled quickly but they clear out at a decent rate.. Just wait, it's worth it.The Chicken Carbonara (without bacon) was perfectly savory for me.. I loved it. I devoured it and surprised myself. Next visit I had the croque madame. I don't usually prefer pork but if you love it, then I very much recommend this dish. The ham portion is generous. I'd been craving an original croque madame but the crepe version surprisingly hit the spot. For dessert, I tried the Nutella with bananas a la mode.  It was gone in seconds. I looked like that emoticon with BIG eyes.. I couldn't believe it. And that's when I realized, I-love-crepes.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,4/2/2013,269,274,11,18,17>Who doesn't LOVE good pizza! Well Pizaro's is serving up some great pizza.  The idea at Pizaro's is "keep it simple".  That extends to their location out in West Houston. Nothing fancy. It sits in the middle of your typical Houston strip center and nothing fancy inside. I guess the pizza and Pizza oven should not be upstaged.  I'm not going to bore you with what everybody has already written about, brick and mortar oven made from the sands of Mt Vesuvius, and the VPN Certification as a Pizzauolo from Pizza Master Chef Peppe Miele, or the authentic Italian ingredients, I will bore you with my observations. I had no clue there was a Pizza Master Chef.  Seriously Man, an oven made from the sands of Mt, Vesuvius. Wasn't Pompeii destroyed and buried by Mt. Vesuvius? Hmmm... and in my line of work VPN is an acronym that means something completely different.Anyhow, there have been some really good pizza joints that have popped up in Houston in the last few years. I remember when Dolce Vita was the only game in town. Don't get me wrong, I still love Dolce, but it's nice to get some different interpretations of pie.  Bombay, Piola, and both Grimaldi's locations are good but Pizaro's is my favorite. I think it's because how small it is and how easy it is to get in and out of. Great pizza, fast.. The charred crust is my favorite and the San Marzano tomatoes they use makes for a great sauce. While I can rave all day long about the pizza, Pizaro's has my favorite Caesar salad in Houston. For those who like their Caesar dressing with more of a citrus flavor this where you want to eat your next Caesar salad. So, if your in the area, stop in for some great pizza. They have a great lunch special. 8" single topping pizza with a salad for $8.99. My recommendation, 8" Calabrese with a side Caesar salad.Your Welcome!
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,4/1/2013,223,269,13,19,21>I thought I'd start the year off right by writing about my favorite bar in Houston, Khon's. This is the only bar in Houston that I could see myself being a regular at, not out of proximity or inoffensiveness but because I just like it that much. Khon's would have had me at their great beer selection (Abitas and Belgians galore!) and superlative Vietnamese coffee. I live for both so Khon's was going to get four stars from me no matter the transgressions afterward.However, there have never been transgressions. In fact, it is the one bar in Houston that has not only exceeded my expectations but even opened my eyes generally to why people become bar regulars. Khon's is truly unique in terms of its completely unpretentious but cool atmosphere, broad cross-section of Houstonian patrons and excellent jukebox selection. Prior to visiting Khon's, I used to think of jukeboxes as antiquities that were of avail for embarrassing oneself. Khon's jukebox selection is not pandering to any specific clientele, attempting to forge exclusivity or full of Alvin and The Chipmunks. It is just focused on quality music, whether it's David Bowie, the xx, The Flaming Lips or Chicago. Khon and one of my two favorite bartenders in Houston, Troy (the other being my "older brother" Jay at South Beach-more on him in a forthcoming review) inimitably hold the fort down here. I have never found any bartenders or owners elsewhere who are as warm, kind, tasteful and fun to talk to. After chatting with him, Troy feels more like an old friend that I come to grab drinks with than a bartender. I loathe this phrase but Troy, if you are reading this, I heart you.Khon welcomes everyone with familial warmth. While I immediately knew Khon's was special upon the first visit, it was on Thanksgiving that I realized just what a gem Khon's was. Feeling slightly deranged from cabin fever and family time, we headed to Khon's on Thanksgiving after Troy answered the phone. Unbeknownst to us when we arrived, the regular patrons were holding a potluck Thanksgiving dinner at the bar. We had a delicious Thanksgiving dinner against the backdrop of Midtown, replete with love and kindness. Thankfully, I had my mom's guacamole to contribute. After all, don't you always travel with your mom's guacamole? That's a separate aside. It was a big hit though. I think that night spoke to just how special Khon's is to foster love and a strong sense of community amongst such a diverse group. That to me is uniquely Khon's-and uniquely Houstonian. There's really no bar that better represents the essence of Houston like Khon's. It is imperative that you stop here for a beer or coffee, whether you're a dweller of our fair city or passing through. It is what Houston is all about, in my book.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,3/31/2013,38,362,5,11,10>Local and healthy doesn't mean squat to me if the food doesn't taste good. Local Foods is beyond good, it's incredible.I had a truffled egg salad sandwich. I was worried that truffles could ruin a perfectly good egg salad sandwich. But there was just enough hint of truffles to make it interesting - the egg flavor dominated. And the pretzel bun was simply one of the best sandwich buns I've ever tasted. All the ingredients were spot-on. My sides of beet salad with wheat berries and tangy kale with raisins and pine nuts were both so good, I wasn't disappointed to have missed out on the great-looking homemade chips. Next time.David had a roast beef sandwich with cheddar, kale and curried cauliflower. He also had the beets and a cabbage slaw with edamame. It was so good he wants to make curried cauliflower. We both had the mint-ade - lemon, lime, orange and grapefruit juice with mint. We thought it was nice but competed too strongly with some of the other flavors like my tart kale salad. The decor is lovely, modern and clean with eclectic touches like the green cushioned chairs that looked like ones we both grew up with. Staff were friendly. If there's anything to complain about, it's the price, $28 for two sandwiches and two drinks. But you won't hear a single complaint from me. Local Foods is worth every penny. We will be back very soon.This is my second five-star review at 2424 Dunstan. So long Antone's. At least you have a very worthy successor. And it's nice to see your name is still on the sidewalk.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,3/30/2013,152,396,7,18,10>PICK-YOUR-OWN-STRAWBERRIES!!!  That's the main thing you need to know about this place.I'm always looking for fun things to do with my daughter to build lasting memories.  About 4 years ago, I was listening to the Michael Berry Show on 740AM KTRH and he kept talking over and over again about picking strawberries at a farm in Alvin.  Thought this could be a fun thing to do with my daughter who was 2 years old at the time.  Since then, we've gone at least twice a month during strawberry season for the past 4 years.  Received a Facebook update that strawberries are ready for picking on 2/23 so we made a beeline towards Alvin after eating Gatlins BBQ for breakfast.  This year, they moved the entrance to Highway 6 instead of the county road to avoid the train tracks and there were more police officers directing traffic to the farm's small parking lot.  If its your first time here you will need to purchase a Froberg bucket.  Since we're vets, me and my daughter brought our own buckets that we bought 3 years ago.  This year they opened up a few more plots to ensure more fresh ripened strawberries for picking.  Once you pass thru the market, you'll see endless strawberry fields and that's about all you can smell.  It can get crowded here, but the fields are large enough to accommodate everyone.  This year the strawberries are a lot larger and sweeter than the crops in the past.  Occasionally I'll sneak a strawberry or two for my daughter to eat straight off the plant while we're picking them.  Oh there's nothing better than chomping away on a sweet giant freshly-picked strawberry.  There's also a neat beautiful giant oak tree near the Froberg's house that makes a great opportunity to take pictures.  Once we fill up both buckets, come back to the market so they can weigh it ($2/lb).  The farmers market is wonderful filled with fresh fruits and vegetables.  They also sell fresh hot homemade fried pies.  This is an absolute must to get (comes in many different fruit flavors).  Their strawberry and fig fried pies are awesome.  Favorite here is peach, but wasn't available when we went recently.  If you decide to come, March is the best month to go.  Usually ends in April.  The people who shop and pick strawberries here are interesting.  Since its really only 20 minutes away from the Medical Center and Missouri City/Sugar Land, you'll find people of all backgrounds here whether you're black, white, hispanic, asian, indian, young, old, suburbanite families, hipsters, doctors, rednecks, Martians...it's a perfect diverse microcosm of Houston itself.  I love Froberg's!  So many great memories in the past and many more to build on with my family in the future.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,3/29/2013,210,276,5,11,10>Ok so I been wanting to try this place real bad. Finally I had the opportunity. I decided to visit and order to go instead of just calling it in. I figured that was the best way to get a feel for the place. Right off it is quaint, eclectic, and edgy(my teen called it that and was impressed). I love the whole feel of a local place like this. Now on to the food.  Not a huge menu. Just your basic pizza type stuff. No wings or fried cheese. I went with the Menage which is a 3 cheese pizza with Swiss, mozzarella, and Feta. I added some pepperoni.  I also went for the pizza rolls with pepperoni and sausage. The pizza comes on an amazing crust and the toppings were fresh on plentiful. Just the right amount of sauce(the sauce was not too sweet either which I appreciate). The pizza rolls were awesome with the sausage being my favorite. Once again the dough is the real star though. They come with a really nice fresh homemade dipping sauce you will appreciate. All this said I will be back and support this place. The staff were great and friendly, the food was awesome, and it is a local place I want to keep in business. They are open super late and deliver. You can BYOB and dine in the oak covered outdoor seating area. Join me in supporting a quality local business!
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,3/28/2013,158,137,8,17,10>Washington Gym is deeply differentiated by the fact that James, the owner and one of the trainers, is on the constant pursue of knowledge of overall health.  This makes the gym hard to define as it is anything but routine and is constantly evolving.  He, as well as the other trainers, regularly attend different conferences and meet with experts in their respective fields of fitness and nutrition.  They have a long list of credentials and certifications and is well beyond what I've seen at most other gyms that, at first glance, seem similar.  While this is "group personal training", the workouts are not one size fits all.  There are multiple workouts each day (focused on the same muscle groups) based on your physical ability and goals, and they are happy to customize the workouts for any injury or handicap.  They also take the time to educate members about the workouts as opposed to just barking orders.  There is constant attention to form from the trainers to ensure a certain movement targets the ideal muscle group.  The workouts are constantly changing and incorporating new techniques, so plateauing is impossible and I find myself sore on a regular basis.Also, the trainers will help guide your nutrition.  Instead of just throwing out a broad recommendation of fad diets, they will help you establish some guidelines to help you obtain your goals.  Since I've joined the gym 8 months ago, I have reduced my body fat to single digits and can do workouts/movements like muscle ups and handstand push ups.  My net weight loss was about 20 lbs, which consisted of losing 30 lbs of fat and gaining 10 lbs of lean muscle.  I am sure I would have achieved the same results in a shorter amount of time if i worked out more than 3 days a week at the gym and/or adhered more to the nutritional plan (beer and fried chicken, y u taste so good?).The demographic of members is pretty diverse and everyone is cool and very encouraging.  I definitely would recommend this to anyone wanting to lose a lot of weight or has plateaued with their own routine.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,3/27/2013,343,368,5,15,12>Not one, not two, not three, not four , not five, not six, not seven..Unlike Lebron's questionable decision, you don't have to feel guilty for splurging on A 2nd Cup of coffee.  As many people have echoed, the proceeds go towards the abolition of human trafficking in Houston.  The volunteer baristas here are all friendly and well trained.  They know how to make everything and don't charge extra for soy milk.The pop-up coffee shop is split up by the lighting.  The dark side of the room is lit up by ambient lighting and year-round white Christmas lights.  This allows for pleasant conversations with friends and dates.  The other side of the room has plenty of tables and chairs for getting the other kind of "work" done.  Wifi is easily accessible and fast.Currently, A 2nd Cup is located inside Vineyard Church of Houston and is only open Sundays and Tuesdays.  Park on the street or in the church private parking lot.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,3/26/2013,231,233,8,12,6>WHY DID I WAIT SO LONG?Tutti Frutti's soy-based frozen yogurt means several things:- healthy!- happy lactose intolerant people!- gluten-free!- protein-enriched!- non-GMO!Also,they have really awesome MOCHI as a topping.  Which I will get to later. Tutti Frutti is hidden in that corner of Hawthorne and Montrose, with the really bad parking lot. Be careful parking your car in the tiny spaces, this parking lot thinks that it is in New England. The store itself is tiny, and sparkling clean. The yogurt flavors are lined up at the back, toppings clearly displayed towards the front. It's self-serve, and you can get as much as you'd like of anything, and mix anything you want. They are generous with free tastes of the flavors. I was so happy to be able to have frozen yogurt without popping Lactaid pills every few bites, and I tried all the flavors. My friend and I both settled on Raspberry Pomegranate. And now, my confession is that I really only eat frozen yogurt as a guise for my obsession with mochi! The ratio of mochi to yogurt in my cup was a little crazy, but this is why I love self-serve places. The guy at the register looked at me curiously as I scooped practically the entire bin of mochi into my cup. Fortunately, Tutti Frutti's mochi lived up- soft, perfectly textured, multi-colored fun!There are a few tables outside, and we enjoyed our frozen yogurt drenched in Houston's infamous balmy 80-degree humid mid-December weather. Thank you, Tutti Frutti, for nourishing me as I continue on my epic quest for lactose-free dessert!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,3/25/2013,77,534,9,12,12>Just got back into Houston after spending some time away with the family.  What is the first thing I do after being on the road for 15 hours?  Hit up this wonderful hole in the wall burger joint.  The building is ancient, and looks like an old grocery store from the 60's.  Oh wait, it is an old grocery store from the 60's.There is a counter up front to order at.  Then some plastic and metal picnic tables to sit at, or get it to go.  Some coolers with various beverages.  Anything from cokes, lemonade, to a cooler of beer.  A surprising bottle selection to be had.  Service is awesome.  Family run and they are so friendly and helpful.  I ordered the Blue Moon burger (smothered in blue cheese).  A half pound burger that is ridiculously flavorful.  A bit of heat from the secret spices.  Add amazing curly fries and some Karback.  What could be better?  Oh ya, total bill was only $11.  I can't believe people actually go to crap joints like Becks Prime or The Counter over this.  Best burger in the city, with some strong competition from places like Cottonwood.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,3/24/2013,78,161,6,8,9>You know, I usually opt for quality over quantity but sometimes you just gotta get your grub on!The Kelley's location on Park Place (which is also the original to my understanding) is the most convenient to me and I feel has that certain "charm."  I'm pretty sure there has been little changed about the place since the opened in 1983 (as far as décor goes - I think it's a guarantee).  To me, that's A-Ok, because it just shows that they are doing something right.  They advertise reasonable prices and from just a quantity perspective, they are on point.  Even though the Houston being the fattest city statistic is on unrepresentative statistics, we still seem to gravitate to the bigger = better.My typical choice is right at the top of the menu and is considered their "Specialty."  Yes, it's the Kelley's Grand Slam Breakfast (which clearly beats out the "Grand Slams" from their breakfast competition.)  It's a huge portion of Chicken Fried Steak or Chicken (go with the chicken - less breading and more protein), Three Eggs, Biscuit and Gravy or Toast, and Hash Browns.  I actually really like the CFC (although I think their gravy might just be condensed Cream of Chicken Soup), and the Hash Browns don't have that slight crispy texture that I prefer but are fresh and not frozen.  Plus, this is so much food that even Joey Chestnut would need a To-Go Box.I'm not sure why, but when I feel like grubbin down it's always breakfast food.  For my money, if I am going to a diner-like establishment - I prefer a place like Kelly's.  Fortunately for me, breakfast is served all day.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,3/23/2013,251,713,14,32,29>Have you been here?   Yes: Skip to the last paragraph (or read on anyway).No: Continue on to next question.Oh.  Well, you've heard about it and/or followed them on the Facebook then, yes?Yes: Skip to the last paragraph, unless you don't follow them on Facebook, then start following them on Facebook (their previous and current media gurus post cute pictures of happy cats and dogs and their new friends), then continue skipping...to the bottom of the page, moron.No: Continue on to the next paragraph.Friends for Life (FFL) is an amazing organization.  That's to put it simply.  They rescue dogs and cats (FFL is a no kill shelter) and find foster or adoptive care for the animals.  Actively.  Well, the cats have their own communal rooms at the shelter, but the dogs live in foster homes.  The dogs are brought by the shelter on the weekends, but really I'm more interested in the cats.At most shelters, they are an afterthought.  The poor dears live in cages, in a giant "cat room."  Talk about second class citizens!At FFL, they live in communal rooms.  They're separated by age and such, and they're free to roam around lots of cat cubby holes built into the wall, in the centers of rooms.  Everywhere.  Free, mostly.  What really impressed me beyond this feature is that there was a Feline Leukemia room.  How freaking cool is that?!  Their last few days, weeks, months aren't spent locked away from the world.  You can go in and sit with them, pet them, talk to them, play with them, if Fiona Apple stopped by, she'd probably sing to them.  (She postponed her current tour because her older dog is deathly ill, and she wanted to sing to him as he died.)Beyond offering foster and adoptive services, they also offer assistance and education on dealing with and changing difficult pet behavioral issues.  They also offer a pet food and supply bank for people in temporary difficult situations.  It seems their main goal is to help keep pets in homes and off the streets and out of shelters.  The new facility is pretty amazing.  It doesn't smell like a animal shelter and it's very open and airy.  Here's why: It is built to circulate in outside air fifteen times an hour.  Each space (animal and human) receives direct sunlight.  There is also a state of the art wet vac cleaning system.So, what are you going to do now?  Adopt?  Foster?  Volunteer?  Stop by?  Donate cash adoptfriends4life.org/ho or in-kind gifts adoptfriends4life.org/ho ?  Adopt?
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,3/22/2013,305,161,41,33,29>Sometimes luck just heads your way.  Who knew that when I moved to the sleepy hamlet of Garden Oaks six years ago that so many great businesses would flock to that part of town and create so many great food and beverage destinations so soon thereafter?  Not me, but the Rancor awaited at Petrol; cold beer and good times were soon to be found at Cedar Creek and BSB; the hottest bingo night in town was for the taking at the ole SPJST Hall; yet the most surprising of all was the crazy legit cheesesteak that arrived out of nowhere and was to be found in the bright white, orange, and blue lair of Pappa Geno's.  Pappa Geno's is the the love child of a local couple that decided to fill the void in the cheese and meat oasis that is Houston.  For all our great burgers and enchiladas, we Houstonians seemed to almost entirely overlook one of the great sammies of North America: the venerable cheesesteak.  Pappa Geno's rose to that challenge at one of the oddest intersections in town, and in a neighborhood long since forgotten as a dining destination.  Not only was their version of the cheesesteak fantastic and served with a smile, but the decor gave the impression it had been there forever, and the taste lended credence to that notion.  And as luck would have it, the Shady Acres/Timber Grove/ Oak Forest/Garden Oaks area was starting to pop up on the culinary radar as well.Well I've since moved, and not without regret.  So being the responsible citizen I am, I decided to pop into a local office to update some personal business when I noticed a serendipitous sight:  a Pappa Geno's staring me right in the face .....in BELLAIRE!  Even better, the sign out front said: NOW OPEN!!!  Winner Winner Chicken.....er....CHEESESTEAK DINNER!!!! First day open....ever....and I just happened to pull into the lot during lunch.  I walk in and....what(?!?).....no line(?!?)....free drinks (?!?)....Hello....Vegas?  Yes, it's me....the balla fo reelz here..... please book my usual room tonight and dinner for two at my normal spot.  What's that?  No....I'm alone, but I'm feelin lucky as a mofo.....Bellaire, I got good news and bad news for ya:1.  You just got one of the top two cheesesteak joints in the state in your backyard.2.  You're about to get fat.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,3/21/2013,216,95,14,16,15>So you could say I come here a lot.  I don't get carded because the door guys know me, and many of the bartenders don't need to ask me my name when I have a tab open.  I guess that makes me a regular.  (=The reason I like GP has mostly to do with the drinks.  They aren't quite as fancy as Anvil, but then they don't cost as much either.  I know people who think a bartender is a bartender is a bartender, but they would be misguided.  If my recent trip to NYC taught me anything, it's that mixing and blending drinks can be an art similar to the way cooking is.  There are a couple of bartenders here who do a great job making consistent drinks, and, as a result, I find myself here on a frequent basis.The other plus is the atmosphere.  I have met some really great people and friends here and had some very intellectually stimulating conversations while hanging out on the patio, and I wasn't even (that) drunk!  haha  :D  This place used to be über hipster, and, while hipsterism still abounds, many of them have made their way back to Poison Girl.  I want to give this place five stars, but I am a little sad about the death of the back patio.  I know there were some permit issues, but it is sorely missed.Find a better bar for me to hang out in.  I dare you.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,3/20/2013,232,157,8,14,10>Food Challenge: Chicken & Rice "NYC 53rd and 6th VS Jones Fried Chicken"Now lets see what the judges have to say (Mich of the Boogie Down Bronx & Farhan of Jersey City)Meat: The Lamb at JFC is move flavorful than that of NYC.  But NYC has better chicken.  If we had to choose to eat only one meat, it would be the lamb at JFC.Rice: JFC has this spicy rice.  No comparison its that good!Portion Size: JFC, I had way too much rice left over after my meat was done.  At NYC, I have enough rice and meat for every bite, until the very end.Price: Prices are the same.  However, JFC accepts debit/credit cards as where NYC is cash only (as of 7 months ago).Convenience:  JFC is rugged and you leave smelling like fried chicken but there is seating.  NYC, has long line regardless of the weather conditions, you can't park, you have to eat standing up or driving but that is NY for ya.  NYC has NO convenience factors, but I don't like smelling like fried chicken either...so you both receive two thumbs down.  Well four, including Farhans.White Sauce: The white sauce is the most important element of the dish. JFC has good sauce, but NYC still manages to out perform their competitors!  And the winner is....NYC 53rd and 6th!!!  At the end of the day....its all about that "white" sauce.  Don't be discouraged Jones Fried Chicken, it was a tight race and you still gained two loyal NYC customers for the time being:-)  We highly recommend the lamb w/t spicy rice!!
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,3/19/2013,258,154,10,12,12>My go-to sushi spot for lunch. I will not deter. I will not cheat. I will not look to another sushi spot. Randomly came upon this sushi restaurant and yes when you walk in, it looks like tables were just placed in diff spots but I try not to judge too much on how aesthetically pleasing the exterior/interior of a place is, I care about the food. The first time I came in, I ordered the sushi special from the lunch menu which included a california roll and 5 pieces of fish (chef's choice), along with a pair of spicy scallop nigiri. The nigiri pieces are a lot bigger than most other sushi restaurants will give you, thumbs up and smiley faces all around! The fish is very fresh and the maki rolls are perfectly proportioned with not too much rice packed into it where you're asking, "Can I have some sushi with my rice?"This is a true mom and pop joint with a wife and husband duo owning the establishment. Reading other people's reviews I see the biggest complaint is the wait time but honestly people, give them a break! The lady is SOO nice and the sushi chef (pop) is working his ass off to get your order in front of you. Love this place and will be back!
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,3/18/2013,289,404,13,14,9>This may easily become a Sunday tradition. My husband and I have been waking up late on Sunday and then staring in to our empty fridge before lazing around on the couch until someone declares they're hungry. Do you want to put on real pants? No. Do you want fast food? No. Perfect solution: Let's call China Doll and pick something up, then we'll eat ourselves silly today and still have leftovers for our lunches tomorrow which means we can avoid the grocery store for one more day! Scoreeeeee. The woman who answers the phone is the owner I believe, and she is so sweet and already recognizes me after just a few visits. We order before 3 PM to get the lunch specials because the portions are HUGE and the prices are cheap. If we weren't so ravenous on Sunday afternoon, we could probably eat 3 times from our order. We'll each get a lunch special and then we'll get an extra order of egg rolls and our total is right at $15. Each special comes with an egg roll and pork fried rice, but we add an extra order of 2 egg rolls because they are, in fact, amazing egg rolls. I don't usually like egg rolls, but these are GREAT. The spicy and tangy chicken is my favorite. It's ridiculously fattening between the battered meat and the sweet sauce, but it's a wonderfully comforting Sunday food. The lunch special list has all the usuals done right: general tso's, beef & broccoli, sweet & sour chicken or shrimp, mongolian beef, hunan chicken.Try your favorite Chinese dish here, and I bet you'll like it even better. :)
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,3/17/2013,137,234,8,18,9>BIryani Pot frequently has a line out-of-the-door at 10pm on weeknights, and for good reason - it's some of the best Indian food in the area, which is the same as saying its some of the best food in the city. I'm not saying there are drugs in the food, but IF there were drugs in the food, it would be pure meth; two bites of anything medium spice-level or higher and you'll be tweakin' for hours. Call it Breaking Hyder-Bad. My favorite item on the menu so far is gongurra mutton curry. I'd not tried it before eating here, but the owner recommended it. It's a dark, rich curry sauce with big chunks of bone-in goat, and it's amazing. Other stand outs are goat korma and malai kofta - both incredible. An appetizer called chicken-65 is tounge-melting spicy - small pieces of fried chicken covered in bright red seasoning. I'm not sure about the name, but it is definitely delicious, and easily top three spiciest dishes in Houston. Their palak paneer is great, but not as good as the dishes mentioned above. Seeing as they've named their restaurant after it, the biryani was strangely uneventful. It's good - mine had a whole chicken buried within and a hard-boiled egg on top - but not good enough to distract me from the curries.  Unfortunately, the service is awful, so my last few trips have been take-out. Despite that, the food is absolutely incredible, and it more than justifies putting up with inattentive waiters.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,3/16/2013,162,230,10,17,8>Instead of chocolates and gifts, my man & I have our own Valentine's Day traditions: namely, massages by candle light and some damn good eats -- also, preferably, by candle light. Kata Robata did an excellent job at taking care of the latter; and the former? Well, that's neither here nor there. ;)* Ambiance: Kata Robata is perfect for a date night -- it's low-lit and intimate, though not overly-so, so small group gatherings would still fit right in. Aside from booths and small tables, there's also a sushi bar and heated outdoor patio. There's also this ONE particular booth in the middle of the restaurant that kind of sits on its own, has its own liting and decor, and it practically screams "special occasion"... I wonder what that's all about.* Food: My fiance and I decided to order a bunch of plates to share. Kata's menu offers so many interesting and delicious-sounding dishes, so I'd definitely recommend going family-style if you don't want to break the bank!-- Uni + Alaskan King Crab Spoons: this off-menu beauty is one of Kata's best kept secrets. It. Is. Amazing. Small, seemingly not worth it. Then, you take the bite. Rereshing. Sweet crab. Velvety uni. Oh yeah. *So* worth it.-- Uni Chawanmushi: the first few uni and mushroom filled bites are delish, but once that's gone, this egg custard falls flat on its face.-- Miso-Glazed Bone Marrow: this app's fattiness and richness levels will spoil you rotten. No, really. You're going to be bloated at the end of it. If you've never had bone marrow before, it's definitely something different. Whether you end up loving it or hating it, it's worth trying. For me, it was something to finally knock off my culinary bucket list.-- Miso Lobster Mac n' Cheese: YOU GUYZZZ, you were so right. This dish has been praised a hundred times over by Yelpers and I whole-heartedly agree. It's rich and velvety, not overly cheesy, and there are chunks upon chunks of sweet lobster meat. My man is usually a gentleman when it comes to letting me have the last bite, but I swear, we were having ourselves a good ol' fashioned stare-down.-- Foie Gras Nigiri: if you follow my reviews, y'all already know I'm a foie fanatic, and Kata's foie is damn near perfection -- so close that I *almost* didn't notice the lack of the slight, crunchy char that Uchi's foie boasts. Still, I was definitely on Cloud 8.99.As amazing as dinner was, the cherry on top was definitely our server and personal friend, Jenny. She is THE absolute sweetest girl on the planet! Even if I didn't know her, there's no way I could not appreciate her knowledge of the menu, honest [and rewarding] recommendations, careful attentiveness, and her glowing, gracious smile.Another lovely V-Day dinner to add to our growing collection. Domo arigato, Kata Robat...o... (I tried.)
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,3/15/2013,229,174,5,11,13>This is probably one of the easiest 5stars reviews I've ever had to give. Simple recipe here: great unique food,great service, and good pricing all equal out perfectly! Well last week my wife purchased a voucher from Voice daily deal so we went here on this past Saturday night. We chose the SL location because we didn't want to deal with downtown parking. First thing I noticed was the place was packed and everybody from the clientele to the staff was very friendly(which is a good sign). We ordered a large 16" pizza(1/2 saag paneer and 1/2 slum dog for $19). And we both opted for ceasar salads as starters $5 each( which was probably one of the best salads I've had with fresh homemade dressing). The pizza was thin crust with a perfect crisp almost like a cracker but not burned at all. Both versions of the pizzas were on point but I did however enjoy the saag paneer side more. I will definitely be adding this joint to my rotation and this is really one of the "best things I've ever ate!"
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,3/14/2013,387,597,9,15,10>We went with a huge group for a birthday. They were very accommodating since the first reservation phone call: seating for 15? No problem! 6pm on a Saturday with a 2 day notice? No problem! You want separate checks for everyone? We can do that!Basically, I heard "yes ma'am" the whole night. That's what a lady wants to hear. And before I begin this review I should add a disclaimer: whoever says yes to chicken and no to medium rare meat, is no friend of mine. The 'salad' bar aka the vegetable, cheese and more meat bar, was kind of amazing. And you do want to sample a bit of everything because it looks so amazing, but you know you shouldn't! You are NOT there for the salad bar!! RESIST THE SALAD BAR. Keeping that in mind, their filet mignon was alone worth the $42. PERFECTLY cooked and season, it was mind blowing (medium rare, tender, beautiful). The filet mignon wrapped in bacon served with chicken wrapped in back -- overcooked, and I don't eat chicken when I'm out at a restaurant. The picanha and sirloin -- also perfectly cooked, seasoned and just amazing. The lamb? Overcooked and a bit tough. So it oscillates. Perfection and overdone meat. They give you the option of what you'd like in terms of doneness, but I felt so rushed!Also, I resent that chicken is an option. Chicken should never be an option. I did love those cheese puff balls, wow. I've never had something like them. They are gooey airy things of cheesey delight that just melt in your mouth with each bite. Think croissant taken to a whole new level.For someone with ADD this place is overwhelming with activity. I felt overwhelmed by the onslaught of choices and skewers of meat coming to my plate. It was too much. But every time I was 2 sips into my water, it was refilled. Every time I got up, my napkin was refolded. Every time I tried to sit back down, someone pulled out my chair for me. The service was kind of mind blowing amazing. I have never seen a waitstaff trained so damn well in Houston. Like Michelin star trained. Kudos to the house manager for doing such a great job. Unfortunately, they do not have a remarkable regional per glass wine selection. I would have loved to see some Brazilian vinters on that list (I actually cannot name any, would have been nice to taste some regional flavor!), or even more Argentinian and Chilean vinters. It was a really bland list for the per glass section, they could afford to be more daring.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,3/13/2013,2219,1117,26,37,32>I ended up here since The Burger Guys downtown were dirty liars about being open for business on Saturday, as I am not the only one that was ensnared with these false promises of burgers on Saturday downtown - see Steve C.'s review of that restaurant for another upset burger-eater's experience on a Saturday. So on Sunday, on my "let's eat our feelings" day of the week, Burger Guys was also closed. But guess what: Elevation is open for business and ready to rock. So they started out on the right foot - ready and willing to serve a discriminating hungry hungry hippo who is jonesing for a tasty burger. Not like one of those Hawaiian burger joints like Jules Winnfield alluded to - there is nothing very tropical about this, just a big burger ready for you to consume. I also had been staring at the new Elevation that just opened up in Dallas all weekend and unable to taste that one, so I had to taste this one to see what the burger was all about.I had previously been online and curious about the chain. What precisely they were elevating.  As a useful tip, I discovered that you could place an order online. I have never understood how my friends can find random strangers to have sex with when I don't even like ordering pizza over the phone because it involves talking to people. So this wave of the future ordering food online and not needing to talk to anyone, as such pizza delivery places have instituted, is something I like very much. It's good to have in the back pocket even though on this occasion I dined in. A review of their food in three acts:Elevation burger is up first. Starts at $5.89 for double meat patties. Ketchup, lettuce, pickles, caramelized onions, Elevation Sauce, and jalapenos all gratis. Organic bacon is $1.39, but I'm cheap. So no bacon today even though I have only eaten kosher over the past 72 hours and this was my first meal away from prying judgmental-about-bacon-eyes. Maybe their good influence is rubbing off on me this year, finally. The burger is presented In-N-Outty style wrapped in a sleeve. No plate. Kinda weird. But new wave. It comes on a platter so it's not like Elevation is calling you a peasant and making you take your food at a trough like a peasant. But yeah, no plate. Stock up on napkins. You're going to need them. The burger is quite juicy and moist. Despite all of his rage, Nicolas Cage would still emphasize how moist the burger is. When you add in the ketchup and the Elevation Sauce the bun becomes structurally unsound and kind of collapses in on itself. I told you that you were going to need napkins. The entire bun fell apart. From what I could taste it was alright. But it was so sopping wet a lot of it did not go in my mouth, and was eventually discarded as drippy refuse. The patty is made of real meat. Not like fast food meat. Even though it is a fast food place. This meal is not going to give you the itis and make you go take a nap afterwards, unlike the effect of consuming Whataburger where you're going to need to take a Whatanap and lose some Whataproductivity in whatever it is that you do (read: looking at cat pictures on tumblr.) Overall I would say this one of the better "fast food burgers" I have had around the country - it is far superior to an In-N-Out burger (tbh not a huge fan of them) and slightly better than The Habit though most of that has to do with the allure of the badass soda machine. It's not a Lankford burger by any means, but I am definitely coming back here for more (and will likely add some bacon on it in lieu of the Elevation Sauce to make it a bit less of a drippy mess.) The only weak point in the entire burger was the Elevation Sauce which was just not that great honestly. I was expecting it to kick my taste buds and chew bubblegum after said kicking. Instead it was kind of like meh. The portion size is appropriately 'merican. Filling. Especially when you add in the delicious soda and fries.The fries: when you check in with the Yelp app at the moment you get a free order of fries. Sweet! Thanks Jeremy for hooking up your french fry craving user base. The fries are thin and relatively crispy as far as thin fries go. Thin fries are not my favie, but these are actually quite tasty and fulfilling. They are salty enough you know it's there, but will not send you into the street looking to lap up a puddle of water to offset a bucket of salt like at Whataburger. Whataburger is in the dog house if that was not apparent with this review yet. The fries are necessary to keep the meal stock full of 'merica so they are worth paying for when the check in deal ends. I want to try the fancy fries with cheese next time because cheese fries are just amazing - but they were not free with the check in.The soda machine: this thing is next level futuristic. It's a touch screen. You click on the kind of drink you want as the base (e.g. Coke or Dr Pepper) and then can flavor it (e.g. Vanilla Coke!) Delicious.Four stars. Daniel approved. Check it out.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,3/12/2013,3161,3020,10,23,21>WOW!  This has got to be one of my favorite food trucks.  Everything from the outside of the truck, to the actual bowls the food sits in to the food inside of the bowl, pure genius! I had the Indian inspired bowl, it was packed full of flavor.  Chicken thighs on top of quinoa? with veggies galore.  The bowls are deep and packed to the brim.  You get a lot of food for what you pay.  My friend had their simple meat and mashed potatoes bowl, it had lots of chunks of beef on top, this one was a bit more simple, but again lots of food.  I usually walk away from food trucks feeling still hungry due to the small portions, these guys do it right for about 7/8 bucks a bowl.Now onto the bowls.  These bowls are super sturdy, You don't feel the heat, the ingredients don't soak through, but in the end they are biodegradable!
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,3/11/2013,419,749,15,25,19>BHLDN was the perfect wedding dress shopping experience.  My sister and I got engaged within three weeks of each other, and although I bought my dress with a quickness, my sister had a harder time picking something out.  Once we went to BHLDN, that was sorted in good time.This is Anthropologie's wedding brand, so they carry gowns that are eclectic, whimsical and romantic.  If you are looking for a run-of-the-mill fluffy satin ballgown, there are other stores that can satisfy that craving.  When they made the teasing announcement that they were opening their first brick-and-mortar store "somewhere in the south", I immediately groaned and said "It's Dallas or Atlanta", since those seem to be the only "south" cities that people outside of Texas know exist.  When word came that nope, it was Houston, I was pretty shocked.  At the time of this writing, Houston and Chicago are the only places you can try on a BHLDN gown in person.I made an appointment for sis and I to go wedding dress shopping together on an afternoon after work.  Our consultant was lovely--she explained they don't work on commission so we could try on pretty dresses for as long as we liked, and her sales pitches were decidedly low-pressure.  We took her at her word, and dressed Sis up like a doll in everything we thought might be remotely flattering.  After a few duds, we found some dresses that were working for her body type and one in particular caught our attention.The salon is light and airy, with lots of accessories and bridesmaids gowns to try on.  Shoes, hairpieces, wedding decor, and even some things for the gents--like tie tacks and cufflinks--are available for perusal.  Another welcome feature of BHLDN that isn't like other wedding shops is that there is no silly "order six months in advance" rule.  Gowns are shipped to your door within seven days if they're in stock and you can return them for a full refund if it's not to your liking.My sister ended up deciding on a cap-sleeved lace gown that fit her like a glove.  It has flamenco-inspired styling that made our Latin grandmother very happy.  And the best part of it was that it was the cheapest gown in the store--when Sis tried it on and I squealed, in the back of my mind I was wondering if it was $3600.  (Drop the 3 and you have the real price.)  You can try on a variety of gowns for under $1000, which not only makes this a destination for vintage-loving brides, but the budget-conscious as well.  Houston brides and beyond, give BHLDN a look!
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,3/9/2013,105,237,6,10,12>We happened upon this place on OpenTable and it was a wonderful find! They've been open for about 8 weeks, so are still working the menu, but the dishes and cocktails we had were excellent. Here's our order and comments.Food- Papaya salad with pork belly was our favorite dish we ordered. Very fresh and great texture.- Seared Tuna - sadly the least favorite thing we ate, but the rub was very good- Gangnam Ribs - we obviously got them because of the name, but wow, delicious! the meat fell off the bone and their BBQ sauce was a little spicy combined with sweet. Very good!- Curry wedges - again a home run. They aren't wedges so much as steak fries, but the curry sauce they are topped with has a taste of coconut to it as well. We sopped up the bottom of the bowl it was so good!- Chicken Samosas - our 2nd favorite dish. Full of flavor, well stuffed and not too greasy. Yum.Cocktails- Muay Tai Martini - wonderful balance of sweet and spice, with a fresh jalpeno slice floating for garnish. Loved it.- (something) Goa Martini - sorry I forgot the name, but also a wonderful cocktail.We loved the ambiance, even though it is a small space, our table still seemed intimate and they have a wonderful patio, which will make for awesome spring al fresco dining. One thing I will say is that the chairs were a bit uncomfortable, though obviously very stylish (isn't that how it usually works out?) But never fear, just ask for a booth.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,3/8/2013,195,262,9,13,14>$1.25 a tasting, and may I add worth it. If you have time grab a glass for $3 and enjoy some porch sitting in the front of the establishment on a beautiful afternoon in Old Town Spring or even splurge and go for a smaller bottle for $7.99 or a large bottle for $14.99. Any way which way you taste it, I'm sure you'll enjoy! Always seeking ways to support local shops and was in the market for a birthday gift for a wine loving friend. The actual winery is based in between Driftwood and Wimberley in Texas hill country. But this branch of their awesomeness is located in old town Spring, not to far from home. You cannot imagine how ecstatic I was to think wine tasting close to home and a local shop why don't mind if I do love that combination. Had a couple tastes before making my purchase, and that made me in turn purchase both the Sweet White, (pineapple and a clean citrus finish) and the Sweet Blush, (raspberry and lime flavors). I most definitely do intend on returning after hearing they will have a Sweet Blueberry brought from the winery in a couple weeks and starting in December a Sweet Plum as well, can you say excited! Super friendly staff, quiet quaint shop that has a very relaxing homey atmosphere full of wine gifts. Plus there is nothing like some porch sitting and a great glass of wine!
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,3/7/2013,61,186,7,12,9>Drink for a cause or just because? Either way, I don't feel bad spending 'extra' at this establishment knowing it goes to charity! With that said, I wouldn't normally order an appetizer and dessert after we just left another establishment for dinner. It's the first time I've seen fried pickled okra on a menu so I had to try that. It was good, hot and crispy so be careful. Don't put one in your mouth right away! After our 2nd round of drinks, I can't help but had to order those cookies! It stated on the menu to allow 15mins but our bartender did acknowledge it's going to take a bit longer. I didn't mind because I was 'stuffed' and we weren't going anywhere anytime soon. Turns out the delay of the cookies were because they burned the first one and the server wasn't going to bring that out to us. So they re-baked another batch. It came out super fresh, warm, and gooey (oatmeal cookies btw)! I was tempted to order milk at the bar lol jk. It is sad that this part of downtown isn't 'happening' but maybe it's best that way. It will keep it exclusive if you know what I mean. I love the space and minimal decor. Enough tables and chairs with plenty of standing room. There is a pool table, juke box, and shuffle board. There is a vending machine for candies and cigarettes $8 for a pack. I can totally picture a group of friends dominating the 2nd floor space!
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,3/6/2013,155,207,9,15,14>Just think of Fat Bao as an Asian take on Torchy's Tacos, serving up delicious versions of Asian soft tacos.For the past month, my hubby and I would stare at the large "FAT BAO" sign as we drove by the NE corner of Richmond and Kirby wondering what it was.  It wasn't until a few days ago that Fat Bao had an official Yelp page, so we decided to try it out for dinner last night.  Coincidentally, we arrived during Fat Bao's grand opening (right before they ran out of food after a very successful night!).  The restaurant is pretty small, with an order counter and no more than 40 seats.  However, the service was extremely friendly and efficient.Now, I have extremely high expectations of gua baos, which are steamed fluffy white bread shaped like taco shells and filled with yummy meats and fillings.  And I'll have to say that Fat Bao does a great job of making and presenting these yummy snacks to the Houston crowd.  Popularized by Momofuku's David Chang, the gua bao is the Chinese/Taiwanese answer to tacos and banh mi's, and I hope it catches on fast!When you're there, you should definitely try the:Pork Belly Bao or Peking Duck Bao (4.0) - These are the closest to the traditional versions of gua bao - savory/salty braised pork or roasted duck with a sweet hoisin sauce and cucumbers/green onions as garnish.  Although the duck was a little dry, it still was a solid serving.Memphis Bao (3.5) - Similar to the pork belly bao, the Memphis has a ginger slaw, which in my opinion, was a tad too salty for the sandwich.  It was still good though.Crab Daddy Bao (4.5) - This was clearly the winner of the night.  Deep-fried soft-shell crab with a spicy mayo and cole slaw. Yum!Roasted Cauli (3.0) - I LOVE roasted cauliflower and curry flavors, but this was a tad too greasy for my taste.  I spoke with the manager/chef about this dish, so I hope they'll try to tweak it up for future diners to enjoy a little more.  Be sure to have this with the spicy mayo!Fried Ice Cream Bao (4.0) - This was such a clever way to make desserts out of baos! They simply deep fry the baos and fill them with your ice cream flavor of choice (vanilla, strawberry, chocolate, buttered pecan, or cookies & cream).  Simply delicious.Apart from the opening night hiccups (nervousness, running out of food at 7:30pm), slightly high prices (think food truck prices/serving), and using pre-made frozen baos, I think Fat Bao has a great idea going for them.  I really hope they stick around the Upper Kirby scene for awhile, as I think foodies and college students will love this concept!
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,3/5/2013,309,304,4,14,9>I have been waiting for this place to open for so long! I became a fan of them on Facebook a while back and was so excited to see that they finally opened their store today. I went right after work to pick up some macarons. This place is so pretty inside! There are 14 macaron flavors to choose from and I couldn't decide. They are $2.25 a macaron or $25 for a box of a dozen. I got the box of a dozen and I couldn't decide which 2 to leave out of the box so she gave me 2 for free since it was opening day. I went to Starbucks next door to pick up a drink and ate the 2 she left out of the box...they were amazing! So delicious...I think one was pina colada because it tasted like coconut and the other was lemon. I split the other dozen in half with friends and my favorite was the nutella macaron! The salted caramel and vanilla were awesome as well! I can't wait to go back and try the other desserts they have to offer. :)
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,3/4/2013,124,267,15,21,20>Are your taste buds crying out for an excellent made Banh Mi?  How about a large roll with the perfect exterior crispness and soft fresh inside generously filled with quality tasting Vietnamese meats and the freshest veggies with a kick of jalapeno. This place uses the freshest most delish rolls I have had in Houston.  They outsource them locally on a daily basis but they must put them in the oven or something to kick up the wow factor of the crispiness.  My roll had some secret spicy mayo like spread on it and 2 meats.  The only thing I noticed which was different is that they use dark meat pork.  At first I thought it was beef because it looked like beef and had a different taste than the usual white cuts of pork that I'm use too.  I would of preferred the white meat cut but nonetheless it was still one outrageously delish Banh Mi.  I added some fish sauce and wow my taste buds were so aroused with such incredible flavors (tip- go light on the fish sauce).  I would of never guessed a $3.50 Banh Mi could kick ass over a $35 steak.  .Plus I received friendly and prompt service by a young man  They do close at 6pm and I believe by 4pm on Saturdays so come early.  NN2 please keep on serving those awesome sammies.  My taste buds are in love with you!
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,3/3/2013,173,192,11,11,10>You know how two-in-one products never really work? For instance, shampoo-conditioners, tablet-laptops, and toilet-showers. Well, Brasil somehow defies that preconception and serves up good food AND good coffee.I've been here many times, mostly for the Vanilla Latte, which is the best I've had in Houston. It's always consistent, with the perfect balance that doesn't need any sugar. Note that I like my v-lattes a tad more sweet than bitter, so you be the judge.I also came here for a birthday dinner, and the food is nothing to bow-down and build a shrine over, but it's surprisingly good for a place that's better known for its coffee. Plus, it's not like other places that are known as "coffee shops that sell sandwiches" -- no, Brasil is a restaurant AND a coffee shop. Somehow this 2-for-1 model works.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,3/2/2013,17,631,7,14,10>I made it to, and through, The Pass.If anyone's been following my reviews, they have likely realized that I'm not the most adventurous eater: I avoid nearly all seafood and what I refer to as "sad meats" (veal, foie gras). I love when places with tasting menus work with you on your weird requests, and The Pass was no exception. We decided to do all eight courses, and I had the wine pairing while he had the cocktail pairing. Those of you who've remarked that the wine pairing could be shared are absolutely correct; I would have been blitzed had I finished even half of my glasses. Additionally, I would not have been able to finish my glorious food.My favorites: Incredible truffled egg, my raw course of tofu (substitution), beef with a perfect marrow brioche, short rib. With the chefs coming out to dish on dishes, I really felt like a judge on Iron Chef. My stomach was so close to exploding after the sixth course. The trick is to finish the dishes you LOVE and just taste the ones you're meh on. (For me, the dippin dot veggies and French onion soup.) Do not feel as though you must finish everything. You will likely not be able to. Seriously. Don't feel bad about it though; this is the best meal you'll have in Houston.Because we were there during the holidays, we got an ADDITIONAL course that was like eating a Christmas tree: tiny pine needles, an incredible presentation of some flavored cream shot into a cast-iron dish full of liquid nitrogen and cranberries. The idea was super cool and it was a nice touch for Christmas.After dinner, I said this was the kind of place you could only eat once a year, but I realized I'll need to check their menu with the seasons. BONUS: Elijah Wood waiter is the sommelier on The Pass side now! Sorry if my Provisions review embarrassed you, Travis. :)
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,3/1/2013,127,176,13,16,12>I'm officially a HUGE fan!!!Before my visit to the brewing company, I've only tried Saint Arnold's beer a handful of times. But one Saturday, a bunch of us decided to spend a whole morning and a large chunk of the afternoon here. We didn't know what to expect so we came a little unprepared. We did however, show up 45 minutes before the first tour started and got a decent spot in line. Once we got in, I had an empty Saint Arnold's glass in one hand and 4 chips for beer in the other for only7 bucks.The beer hall was huge. I didn't expect the place to be so big with rows and rows of tables. The room filled up pretty quick and within 15 minutes of opening, Saint Arnold's Brewery was filled with mostly 20 and 30 somethings mingling and drinking beer. Most people brought food along with them like it was a picnic and we even saw some that brought board games. To our left was a birthday party and sitting behind us was an out of state tour group. Most of the people that were there looked like they did this every weekend and there were a select few with fanny packs and cameras strung around their neck. My point being, very diverse and lively crowd at Saint Arnold's on a Saturday morning. So the beer? My favorite had to be the Christmas Ale and the Santo. My friend kept raving that the Christmas ale tastes just like pine and honestly.. I just tasted really good beer. At one point after I took a sip of the Santo I held the glass up and yelled out "This is almost as good as Christmas!" and my friend goes "beer. You mean almost as good as Christmas beer". We had laughs, we met new people, we sampled generous portions of beers, and we toured the company. The tour was alright, the tour guide was sarcastic, witty, and funny. We took pictures, we ooh-ed and ahh-ed. But mostly we had nearly 6 hours of nonstop fun and I can't wait to go back. Next time we'll be prepared. We'll bring food and more friends.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2013,2/28/2013,178,1288,6,21,12>Delicious banh mi in the suburbs! I love that this 2nd location of Don Cafe opened in Stafford. Living in Sugar Land, I typically travel to Chinatown for my banh mi fix, but now I can travel to this much closer location.We walked in to find it extremely clean! Counter service with very friendly staff. I was amazed that the prices haven't gone up from Chinatown. $3.50 for a grilled pork banh mi. My husband and I shared 3 banh mi and 2 sodas for just under $13. That's crazy cheap. Not only cheap but extremely delicious! I wonder if they can keep their prices this low in their new location. We are absolutely going to be regulars at this location.As we sat there, we watched the kitchen staff meticulously clean and hose down the cooking equipment in the kitchen. They were thorough and I felt that the cleanliness level was different than what I've seen at Chinatown restaurants. It's much better here.  The other entertainment while we ate was watching a Vietnamese movie with horrible subtitles. My husband was cracking up watching the movie. Fun Fun!The owner/manager was super nice and gave us a free Flan as she left. She just seemed so happy to have us there.They have been open 5 weeks and are giving a 10% discount until the end of January as a grand opening special. They are across the street from Dulles high school and behind the Shipley's. Currently, they are cash and check only, but I bet that changes as they get more set up. They are open 7 days a week, 9am - 8pm. They also mentioned delivery with a $15 minimum.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2012,2/27/2013,42,383,16,28,22>I love science and I love history so I am very much loving the Houston Museum of Natural Science. With interesting permanent exhibits and unique temporary exhibits there is always something to see that will entertain as well as educate. Purchasing a membership is a useful thing to do. Often it pays for itself on the first day it's used. Memberships are offered in different levels and can work for any budget. Purchases can be made online, over the phone or at the ticket window in the museum. Benefits include a year of admission to all permanent exhibits as well as admission to the new location in Sugar Land, discount admissions to the Cockrell Butterfly Center, Burke Baker Planetarium and special temporary exhibits, invitations to events and a discount on merchandise. You'll also have access to a member's only ticket line. Check out hms.org for complete details.The Hall of Paleontology, one of the permanent exhibits, has been redone to include more dinosaur displays as well as a mummified dinosaur. You'll find dinosaurs from every era of the prehistoric age as well as early mammal and ice age creatures. Other permanent exhibits are: Gems and Minerals: beautiful as well as fascinating. Chemistry: educational and fun. Malacology: all you ever wanted to know about the cool world of mollusks. There are also exhibits of African wildlife, Egypt, Texas wildlife and more. All the exhibits are well laid out with enriching information posted. Crowds seem to move in an orderly manner and that is always a blessing. The museum entails lots of walking, of course, so you'll get good exercise for your body as well as your brain. The Houston Museum of Natural Science is perfect for individuals, families or groups. It really is a fun and mind-expanding way to spend the day.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,2/26/2013,47,114,5,12,12>A mainstay of the NASA (Clear Lake) area, Frenchie's has been here since I was a kid.  It used to be our "treat" place on the last day of school, for straight "A's", etc.  I have not tried the hot dishes (although by the reviews, believe they hold their own), I usually go straight for the sandwiches.First of all, best bread in the sandwich game.  Warm, light and not filling, flaky but not flimsy.  The meats are stacked so high, you can't fit it in your mouth.  But they are thinly sliced, cool, and flavorful.  Nothing but fresh vegetables (lettuce, tomato, etc.) cool and crisp.  If I had a complaint, it's that it's too much, the sandwich is so big for such a moderate price.  All sandwiches are made to order, expect to wait in a short line during lunch, but they move things quickly.Atmosphere is above average.  Frenchies has had a long association with the NASA Space Program, with a lot of memorabilia around.  And there are more than likely astronauts dining along with you at any given point.  The dining room is nondescript, but intimate (medium dining rooms to the right and left of counter, tables in the corridor in between.The owners are the original, they're usually taking the orders and directing the kitchen.  Very personal service, the establishment is run very, very well.If you're in the area (perhaps visiting Space Center Houston or on your way to Kemah, stop in and enjoy this longtime Bay Area jewel.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,2/25/2013,447,558,6,14,15>I found this truck at White Linen Night in the Heights.  I was hungry and it was the first food I spotted, so I decided to give it a try.  The menu is all sandwiches. My husband got viet sausage, and I got grilled pork ($5 each). I would describe my sandwich as a baguette filled with awesome. The meat was really nicely marinated and hot and the sandwich was topped with marinated carrots and cucumber. The friendly employees made dinner that much nicer, too.  I would definitely recommend this food truck!
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,2/24/2013,128,285,6,10,10>WOW - Star Pizza is out of this world. I can say, without question, this is the best pizza I have ever had. The sauce makes these pizzas... and then there is THE CRUST. I really enjoyed my recent trip here with the family. We ordered four large pizzas and split them and each was exceptional. I only wish I lived closer to make this a more frequent stop!The staff is friendly and helpful, the joint itself has a lot of style as do the people working here. It's funky in a good way. They have a huge menu and are set up to make custom pies as well. Just pick your toppings and crust and they do the rest.I'm totally sold and a fan of this place, looking for any excuse to come back.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,2/23/2013,83,145,4,10,9>This is a review the of the café. The baristas here are just THE best and SO kind.Their coffee tastes good. I've had the best lattes ever here. They don't scald the milk; it's the perfect temp. I've brought my 3 little kids in here and the baristas were very warm and friendly to them. My son ordered a hot chocolate and the young lady showed him how she added the milk. She made a pretty design. He gets a little shy, but he was very pleased. He said it was the best hot chocolate he's ever had. The pastries here are also lovely. I especially enjoy the chocolate pecan scones. The breakfast tacos are really good too. My experience at the café left a strong impression. Many times, I'll go to the drive through coffee places to avoid bringing my kids into hip coffee places because of convenience or to avoid their bad behavior. This is why I'll be back at Revival Market. My kids can learn how to act in public from adults willing to acknowledge and interact with them. If you want to have a lovely coffee experience, I recommend visiting Revival Market.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2012,2/22/2013,34,20,14,16,18>I want to preface this review with a statement to save many of you time from whats going to be a very very GUSHY review.If you have taste buds and you like rewarding them, by all means stop here and go eat and drink at Nobi Public house. Go now and go OFTEN.WELL THEN LET THE LOVE LETTER BEGIN:The first Nobi was a monolith containing a revelation to descend on our fair (albeit boring) community. The food is mind meltingly good, it's so reasonably priced that it is downright suspicious there maybe some kind of sorcery at work and the owners and staff are the definition of affable. A few years have passed and as with any revelation a temple has been built to house the message it communicates. That temple is Nobi Public House and the message? EATDRINKBE HAPPYI wont mince words about the food because it's basically Nobi and I've said plenty about how delicious it is. Ok well maybe a few!The food is IDEAL to enjoy with a few brews even if on paper it's entirely out of left field for what you would consider "bar grub".FRIED RICE AND A LAGER? BAHN MI AND AN IPA?TACOS AND ..... well Tacos and any beer makes sense so thats a pass I guess!We are conditioned to believe bar food has to be one of two things:Cheap junk that we wouldn't dare eat sober, but after a few pints we are daring and desperate so in it goes! OROverpriced and overrated rubbish that is identical to the cheap stuff but sold under the guise that this is "more than a bar!" IM LOOKING RIGHT AT YOU TGI FRIDAYS.Burgers,Hotdogs, fries, nachos wash rinse repeat. Now those aren't by any means bad its just that  they are practically everywhere and we've come to accept them as "bar food". Nobi Public House is a testament to the wide variety of food we can munch whilst guzzling pints of purely picture perfect brews.The food is delicious yet so very subtle. It is a beautiful cooperator with the beers served here. It's as if both  things (the food and the beer) were two separate entities that understood each other and gave one another the space needed for both to be enjoyed. Now of course there may be a beer or two out there (depending on individual preference) that will simply not cooperate. For me it's the very dark and powerful IPA's, BUT those beers are the kind of beer that demand full focus on them and them alone. Speaking of beer, what a beautiful beer selection! If you are a fan of "craft" (I kind of can't stand that name because it's just a stand in for the word good, or the much wordier "anything that isn't cheap and doesn't taste like bubbly urine") beer then welcome to your new home. Why? Well the selection, which is TOTALLY stellar mind you,  isn't the only reason. The other reason is that there is really no other place in the area that insists on that kind of beer, has a casual (not tarted up to the 9's in pretentious fluff) ambiance and posses' great grub to boot. THIS IS NOT the kind of place one goes to just get drunk. Ideally you'd do that on the cheap with the cheap swill you desire, you sad sad alcoholic you. There are already dozens of places in the area for you to do that, your own home being one of them! DONT DRINK AND DRIVEThe beer here doesn't beg for your attention, it demands it. There are so many subtle flavors and smells in the entire experience that each pint is a mystery to unravel.....using mostly your tongue and nose. Even better is the fact that you aren't alone in this journey. The place is staffed and owned by passionate people who are always willing to help. They may not always be perfect, and sometimes might not be able to give you the time and attention you demand, but that's probably because they are super busy. If you are the kind of person who gets butthurt because you are in a popular and very busy restaurant and you don't get the "attention you deserve because you paid for it" then you are obviously very out of touch with reality and I can't help you with that. All I can say is that you are a spoiled child with a wallet and we probably wont get along. Lastly I want to do something very uncharacteristic and touch on the ambiance. I normally do not care for taking  setting into consideration. I'm paying for food and drink and thats what I care about. As long as the place isn't in a landfill or on fire I'll eat there and eat there often if the food is good. But when I first stepped in I was taken aback. Not because it was hip, modern and ideal for 20 somethings like myself. No it's much more vague than that. After eating Nobi for so long I've really come to understand the concept Andy and his brother Charles have been striving to communicate. It can be summed up in one word: subtlety. The decor is just that as well. I don't know of any other place in the area that so perfectly communicates it's concept in all aspects of its operation.I'd love to go on, but I've hit the limit! Now if you don't mind I'm off to the pub for a pint and some fried rice! Never thought I'd say tha
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,2/21/2013,148,79,6,20,12>After hearing so many great things about this place, we had try it and boy did it live to expectations! I came in thinking its going to be a quick stop~~get in, scheme the place, maybe have a drink and leave, well, here we are, still enjoying this place two hours later.The drinks are great, strong and stiff. For me its the Ladies Fedora which is right on. My husband tries the Gentlema's Fedora ~~boy is this drink strong, wowza! our next round is the Stetson and finally i had to try my beloved lemon drop...perfection!!!Pros: Great ambiance, mature crowd, perfect date night spot,live jazz band as well as a great DJ spinning some wonderful tunes. Oh, complementary valet.Cons: Do not come hungry, they only serve wings and veggie or cheese pizza from the spot next door ~~ i think. We tried the veggie pizza that was about the worst pizza i have ever tasted.  If you are a wine lover , not the place for you either. They have economy size moscato, chardonay and a red. Overall, loved this place, its has the neighbohood lounge feel and we will be coming back again.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,2/20/2013,320,212,6,11,16>I highly doubt that there is any new thoughts that I provide for this iconic landmark. The exterior is unassuming, but the food is so damn good! I had the Katfish and Grits and found myself eating very slowly to enjoy each and every bite. The staff is friendly - starting with a hug at the front door to multiple table visits and a big 'thank you' when leaving. The combination of delicious food and incredible service guarantees that I will be back. I was blown away by my first visit and can't wait to go back and try something next time.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,2/19/2013,117,159,12,11,9>So this is an interesting review for me to write  because my Houston Restaurant Week experience at Artisans Restaurant was filled with a variety of different competing emotions. I guess I would start by saying that when you see me there are three very glaringly obvious things that you would notice about me. I call them the "BBM". Or the Big Black Man, which obviously refer to my stature, race, and gender. So with the BBM, their are some things in regards to food that are simply encoded within my DNA. Here are a couple: The size of my course should equally match or exceed the price that I paid for the meal. AKA., when I order food off of the dollar menu at Wendy's I know not to expect a 3/4 lb burger. Or visa versa, if I pay $15 for a burger I am expecting at least to be taking some food to-go. Another BBM rule is that I can care less how great the food looks, the food better taste good from my tongue all to the way down to my stomach. So, if these two rules are not met at your establishment, then your small portioned sized expensive (insert expletive) meal better be out of this (insert another expletive) world. I better be leaving happy I'm not full and down 100 bucks, because you will have a very angry BBM on your hands and nobody wants that. :D (see Tony's review)Now how Artisans completely broke BBM rule #1 and still managed to be one of my absolute favorite dining experiences is beyond miraculous. I mean from the moment I sat down and began looking at other peoples plates, I was very close to running out of the door. However despite this, Artisans definitely made up for it by acing rule #2. For example, I started with the pan-seared scallops and spinach ravioli. The scallop was huge and very tender. The mild flavor of the scallop was paired well with the beurre blanc and it was served with a lobster cappuccino. Delicious! For my second course, I ordered the Spiny Lobster and this was my favorite part of the entire meal. Simply because the lobster tail was large, buttery, and prepared perfectly. Typically, I am not the biggest lobster fan because it too rich for my taste. But this tail had a nice smooth flavor and the creamy risotto balanced out the meal with added flavor and texture. As for dessert, it is all about the puff filled pastry filled with rum cream of Almond. Crispy puff pastry with a filling that has hint of rum and is melt in your mouth creamy. That is all I have to say about that......So Artisan, surprisingly enough you passed my Big Black Man test. This test is has some very specific criteria and if you don't pass this test typically it will lead to angry Big Black Man. However, you managed to not meet all of my criteria and I still walked out of your restaurant a happy Big Black Man. I don't know how you did it but whatever your did, you did it well.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,2/18/2013,427,838,8,21,17>I generally dislike paying money for Italian food--my hands-down favorite cuisine--because I find it's so easy and delicious to do it yourself at home. One thing that isn't easy to do, however, is make your own pasta. I had read good things about Paulie's new chef, Paul Petronella, and his stable of homemade pastas. And after I started visibly drooling looking at the Rigatoni Bolognese photo in Katharine Shilcutt's "Top 100" list (blogs.houstonpress.com/e), I knew I had to check it out.As far as neighborhood joints go, Paulie's looks and feels like a winner. It's nestled in a shared building at Westheimer and Driscoll, next to a mom-and-pop looking hardware store. I've likely driven by this strip 10 or 100 times in my life and never noticed either establishment before. Ordering is counter, with a menu posted on the board as well as hand-size documents for you to peruse. The cashiers are impossibly nice and helpful.The menu is actually quite expansive: salads, sandwiches, pastas, Italian plates, and pizzas. Prices are very decent. You should be able to get by for under $10, and the large pasta plates which go for $10 to $15 are enough for a full lunch leftover meal. I liked seeing the colorful selection of Schmalz's Coney Island beers, and Paulie's carries a few Texas brews as well. They also have a selection of Italian wines, either by the glass or bottle.But as I said at the beginning, I have unreasonably high expectations when it comes to Italian places. Frankly, the sauce has to wow me away: Patrenella's simple yet incredible pomodoro sauce, for example.  Paulie's Rigatoni Bolognese was quite good, but I didn't get the Meg Ryan in Katz's, eyes-rolled-into-the-back-of-my-head vibe. You know how that goes, now. For me, the sauce was a tad too heavy on the cream, light on the tomatoes. Or maybe, I just love red sauce a little too deeply.The wife's Canestri alla Funghi was right up her alley: creamy and mushroom-based. The sage was an interesting choice. Her summer salad had a delicious lemon-olive oil vinaigrette, which helped mute the spicy arugula.Like Shilcutt, I'm impressed with the pasta. It's hard to describe fresh-made pasta, except to say it just chews differently. My rigatoni was good, but those oversized elbow canestris were just spectacular.  The rigatoni was a slight bit too limp, making it difficult to hold the meat alongside bites of pasta. However, the canestri coddled the cream-based sauce perfectly, and the mushrooms were an easy complement.OK, I'm visibly drooling again thinking about Italian food, so I'll leave it here. Paulie's, I'll be back for more.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,2/17/2013,274,156,4,16,12>Serious, Hardcore Tamales -- Can you handle it?Tamales Dona Tere prepares these monster size tamales that are sized just shy of a hot dog bun. Usually prepared in a traditional corn husk, the tamales are made of a soft masa that when steamed just right are moist, light and fluffy.  Friends have told me that this style of tamale is popular the farther south you travel in Mexico.They are filled with an assortment of meats, cheeses and other savories:chicken/pork with salsa roja/salsa verde, chicharron with salsa verde, beef with chili, jalapenos & cheese, beans, and chicken with mole.I've made tamales at home and there's a lot of work to get the balance of flavor in your filling, moisture in the filling and masa, and the right amount of steaming.  That's why I always appreciate a restaurant that does it well.  Dona Tere definitely gets it right. You order at the counter where steaming pots are holding the tamales.  My favorite is the jalapeno with cheese & pork with red sauce. They also prepare two dessert tamales:  sweet masa with pineapple and sweet masa with raisins.You can't miss them, they're pink.  I have yet to try them because savory food comes first with me.  As Edward W states, the dining area is more bar/counter style without much atmosphere so I've only ever ordered tamales to go.  There's also quite a few other things on the menu from chili rellenos, tacos, gorditas, flautas, and breakfast served all day.  If tamales aren't your thing, you have options.  I've only come here for the tamales.Between the taste and a buck fifty a pop for each tamale, this is a good place to get stuffed for well under $10.My Tip:  Get 3 Tamales and skip the 2 tamale combo plate.  And get a little salsa to spice them up.My Tip x 2:  Try the Tamale (sandwich) Torta and tell us about it.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,2/16/2013,202,203,7,12,11>I grew up eating Antone's, and wish there was one in Sugar Land.  I'm not a big deli fan, but really look forward to catching lunch here whenever I'm in the area.  My favorite is still the Turkey Swiss with pickles, but, I adore that they now can toast the bread.  They do a real toasting, much better than Quizno's.  It is crunchy on the outside and tender on the inside!  Toasted or not, the tip here is to have them made while you wait, not pick one up from the case!  The case ones aren't half as good, just like those poor imitations at the grocery store. Now, I will admit, they have cut back a bit on the meat recently, (which is always fresh and tasty) but I still can only eat half of one anyway.  The service is fast and very friendly, and their menu has grown over the years to include all kinds of sandwiches, soups, etc., so this isn't your parent's Antone's anymore!
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,2/15/2013,140,307,6,13,13>Thank you fellow yelpers for rating this place!  I was in a SERIOUS NEED of declawing (refill and cut down) on my nails. I don't go to just any nail shop, but I was pretty desperate, so Yelp to the rescue!  I was in Humble and changed my filters to find the best rated place near my destination.  This place was the closest and was actually on my way home, so I decided to find it. When I pulled up and went in, I discovered a bustling room of feet soakers and cuticle pushers taking care of a multitude of customers, but I was still greeted upon entry and asked what I needed.  They assured me that I would be served momentarily (which actually happened 15 minutes later, but the service and the price were very reasonable, exceptional and worth the wait.  I asked about the price of a refill and gel polish, which cost me $30, the same price I would have paid at my usual standby, so that was reassuring.  What really boggled my mind was all the different types of gel polish they offered. It's like polish paradise lol Seriously, they have a lot of polish. They have something you will like.  I chose a glittery gold metallic polish that looks so fierce I wish I had the time to get a pedicure that day too!  Before the polish was applied, I had another technician who filed my nails down (without charge) and made sure all my nails were smooth and refilled properly.  I kind of like that because I've had people who could file and refill great, but their polishing skills were mediocre or vice versa. The only thing I would watch out for is the technician trying to get extra money for designs.  Based on the design catalog they had looping on their digital picture frame and the decor of the shop, they specialize in eclectic nail art. I'm a pretty conservative woman, so no designs for me anytime soon. But I am definetly looking gforweard to coming back soon formore services!
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,2/14/2013,114,138,9,24,8>Noticed this new pizza joint being put in about a week ago and then saw the "Now Open" sign out front today.  I remember my first thought being that it had a really strange name for a pizza place and figuring I'd probably never order from there.  My other (and usually better) half, being one of the world's biggest lovers of pizza, did a little Googling and found out this is actually a chain and even has a location not too far away on the other side of 45 which has some solid Yelp reviews.We decided to give them a try though there's another pizza place about equal distance away which we really love... just to try something new.  We were not disappointed.We ordered some cheese sticks and a large thick crust pizza with mushroom, black olives, breakfast bacon, and cheese.   The ordering process was pretty smooth for a brand new spot, the driver was very nice, and the food was off the chain.The cheese sticks were loaded down with cheese and was accented by a nice garlic sauce taste.  The pizza crust was perfect... thick, not crunchy but not overly greasy and chewy either.  The toppings were plentiful and everything tasted really fresh.  I have to make special mention of the bacon because A) It's bacon and B) it was thick pieces, cooked nice and crisp, and the perfect addition to any pie!Great to have another fabulous pizza option in the area... hope they stick around for many years to come!
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,2/13/2013,476,176,10,11,12>I bet this place hasn't changed a single thing since it opened in the mid-1940's, which is definitely part of its charm. BBQ joints should be just that, joints. Glitzy glamorous BBQ places invariably have food that tastes like crap, IF it tastes of anything at all. Lenox on the other hand is really good BBQ. But is it great? Sigh, no. It smells fantastic, but ends up tasting just "good". It's a great, old-timey BBQ place the way they always were when I was a kid! If you could bottle the smell in this place, you'd be an overnight billionaire!! It just reeks of "fantastic BBQ!!". But again, the BBQ is just "good". After the devastatingly luscious smell of the place, I was all set to have the BBQ knock me on my ass, but it honestly didn't. Don't get me wrong, it's good without doubt and I have not a single complaint, well...other than it's just not incredible. The sides are all good (particularly the potato salad) and I'm a big fan of the "old BBQ joint" decor, especially since this place really is. All the trappings of a world class experience are here: smell, decor, age, good prices, and serving sizes, but somehow, I left just a tiny bit underwhelmed. Definitely go to Lenox. It's really good BBQ. I'll certainly be going back, but I'll also continue my quest for five star BBQ!  PS: They're only open for lunch and only on weekdays. Do what!?!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,2/12/2013,234,331,6,14,10>NEVER will I ever pay more than $25 for a massage! I was a little hesitant about trying this place since it was in Chinatown and all and I've never gotten a massage from this part of town. But who can say no to $25 for an hour massage. Even though its called a "foot" massage they don't just focus on your feet, they work on your head, back and neck as well. I've recommended this place to all my friends and they can't stop going back now. It gets pretty crowded on the weekends so I highly suggest making an appointment.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,2/11/2013,364,610,9,24,20>We ate here tonight as the result of two things.  1) We had a horrible experience at a restaurant with noisy and obnoxious grownups last night  2) Laurenzo's is getting a lot of PR right now over the incident with grownups complaining about being seated next to a special needs child.  I've driven by many times and thought "I need to go there" and after the above two, hub and I made it a point to go.We had reservations at 7, but got into the area early and, being hungry, asked to be seated at a little after 6. No problem.  We were seated and I have to tell you I loved the decor and ambiance.  I can't put a finger on what to call it.  It's like a sports bar, but like a bistro, but like a nice restaurant, but like a local eatery.  Crazy, but true.  The wine list is pretty darned extensive.  The prices are a little steep, but they have Primitivo (Italian Zinfandel) and that made me happy.  They also have an extensive beer selection that I will have to try.  The menu is rather large as well and features an interesting mix of Tex-Mex inspired, American, and Italian inspired dishes.  Hub ordered a white cheese queso that ended up being really nice.  The salsa is darned spicy and it was a bit much for him, but I think it was good.  For entree, hub had shrimp and grits with lump crab.  It is not my thing, but what I tasted was pleasant enough and hub, who loves that kind of thing, really liked it.  I got prime rib.  That is one of their specialties.  They offer several sizes of cut.  I got the small cut and unlike other places, they did not screw it up by trying to sear it or some such.  It was moist, buttery in texture and full of flavor.  SCORE on the Prime Rib!!!!  Did I mention that Tony, our waiter, was wonderful?  He's awesome.  Ask for him.  For dessert, we had bananas Foster.  It was of epic proportions.  HUGE.  It was also tasty.  They do not do the table side flambe, but that's ok by me.  Honestly, I think they cheat on the prep, but I don't care.  I like warm bananas, cold Hagen Das icecream and rich caramel.  Sue me if I don't demand flambe.  I enjoyed Laurenzos very much.  I enjoy their service oriented attitude.  When I sent back my sliced tomatoes after they proved to be mealy and bland (winter 'maters are hit or miss) all that happened was they offered to make it right and said OK when I asked that they just strike it from the bill.  Awesome.  I do think they should talk to their produce vendor and tell the guy slicing them to look closely at the product, you can tell when it's bad.  BUT that is a small thing, in the grand scheme of things, especially when they handle it right.I'm sure that after the hoopla about the waiter standing up for the little boy blows by, Laurenzo's will continue to do things well.  I am very happy with my experience, will go back often and will recommend it to friends and take them there as well.  I recommend it to you.  Go, eat, enjoy.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,2/10/2013,100,119,19,12,10>In Midtown, Luigi is Player #1.. not the sidekick brother of a different color. I'm a huge fan of this 'Italian' pizzeria and gelato shop. I just hesitated calling it Italian because the flavor and consistency of everything on the menu is out-of-this-world delicious! Travelers from Napoli have even raved about how Luigi's pizza and gelato was better than what they have at home.Let's call it 'Luigi's Nintendonian Pizzeria'. It's also easy to imagine the owner as the actual Nintendo character Luigi that broke out from the shadow of Mario. Evidence can be found in the building, the owner's name, and the food.First, let's look at the building. It's a pixel-shaped block. On the patio, he's installed a bocci ball court aka practice zone for sliding turtles and knocking them into other ones.Next, I'm gonna raise the BS flag on his real name. The owner lives under the alias 'Bruce' in our world. BRUCE!? Give me a break! No one on Earth with the name Bruce can make Italian pizza and gelato this good!Luigi's absurd alias raises a big question. Why Bruce? Perhaps he wanted to shed the timid Player 2 image and sound more tough like Bruce Wayne, Bruce Banner, Bruce Willis, and Bruce Lee. Or perhaps he took inspiration from songwriters Bruce Springsteen and Bruce Hornsby to be 'The Boss' with a 'that's just the way it is, but don't you believe them' attitude. Other extraterrestrials like Bruce Jenner and Bruce Vilanch make me confident Bruce is an available MIB government-issued name.Last, let's take a look at the food. It's extraordinary fresh and unworldly delectable. He probably makes daily trips to the warp zone pipes to procure fresh ingredients.My original favorite pie was the White Pizza and it's loaded with mushrooms. I ate it all the time but had to give it up because it super-sized my belly! The Mexicana is now my current favorite. Hints of fire flower are in that pico de gallo. The Meat and Supreme pizzas are also both delicious as well as filling and worth the extra couple bucks. Your guess is as good as mine on what he had to jump on for those toppings.After eating several slices of pizza, the taste of the gelato tops off Luigi's incredible dining experience. My favorite flavor is the watermelon but they're all pretty great. Eating as much pizza as I do would make anyone sluggish but that sweet gelato gives me a temporary boost of energy.  I once saw a toddler eat two scoops.. strawberry and probably coffee. His parents drank their BYOB/wine while this kid got hyper and bounced all over patio. There's probably invincibility stars crushed in that gelato. I bet that little guy was one scoop away from turning into a strobe light.Bruce aka Luigi.. Your Nintendonian pizza is my favorite in Houston! I'll be sure to leave extra coins in the tip jar for your excellent service too.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2012,2/9/2013,203,77,1,6,9>As I journey to different fishing spots this resort tops them all. You can't get any closer to Lake Conroe than this, and feel safe(ladies), unless you're on a boat. Plus check out my fishing buddy's catch(uploaded pic). He reeled her in as I walked up. Bing! That tells me fish are biting and are big enough to keep.  Lots of shade provided by big beautiful trees as the one behind me(uploaded pic), check it out. Long spread access to Lake Conroe. I'll for sure book my weekend get away here as it gets cooler for fishing. Don't forget to check my pic! Happy fishing w/license!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,2/8/2013,356,305,4,8,7>The Union Kitchen is a great restaurant. We were seated promptly upon entering with our 7:00 pm reservation. We decided to dine outside on the patio since it was a pleasant evening and there was also live music there. The whole dinner was very nice and made for a wonderful dining experience.Service was top notch. We we greeted almost immediately after sitting down and offered wine menu and drink orders taken. I went with a shocktop draft which came out ice cold it a tall pilsner glass served with an orange, just like I like it. Our waiter took our dinner orders and asked if we would like bread. The bread was good served with a compound butter that had a lot of garlic in it.For appetizers we chose the crab stuffed avocado and Brianna's baked brie. Both were very good and nice choices. The crab avocados were lightly fried and tasted wonderfully. The crab and avocado combination was terrific. The baked brie was also tasty and the fig preserves it was served with complimented the brie nicely. They did not give enough crackers however and we requested more which were quickly brought to the table.I chose the Pete's filet Mignon as my entree and wife selected the bone-in veal chop. Both of these were really good. The filet was cooked perfectly and had a nice beef flavor to it. The vegetables it was served with were not raw and not overcooked so that was good. Potato gallette it had on the bottom was nice and crispy and soaked up the juices from the steak. The veal chop was absolutely delicious. I would order that in a heartbeat next time I go. The risotto it was served with was also tasty and cooked perfectly. The tawny port reduction on the chop put the whole thing over the top. We split a dessert which was the banana foster crepe. It was very good and I would recommend it highly. The crepe was tender and the banana mixture tasted great. It is served with ice cream and a nice ending to a wonderful meal. Service was good from start to finish. Drink refills were offered and not asked for which is a plus. Plates were removed promptly after we were finished with the courses. The music was nice and made for a good dinner experience. We will definitely be returning to this location in the future.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,2/7/2013,103,315,5,13,11>Fantastic. Utterly, wonderfully, engagingly fantastic. They had me at "we used the oil from the bones of the fish to sear the tuna". Excuse me? You did what? "We take the backbones from the fish, and broil them to extract the oil, which we then used to cook this dish". Really? Brilliant.Justin Yu and his wife Karen Man are, apparently, young cooking and baking geniuses with an incredibly dedicated and talented staff. With seating for maybe 25 guests in a very small but very welcoming space (much improved over the layout that the former Latin Bites tenants had), the kitchen staff here does it all. At any given point, the staff are either prepping a round of dishes for the next course for a table, delivering and explaining said dishes, welcoming or farewelling diners, busing tables and washing dishes... yes, that's right. They don't have nine layers of hierarchy here, the top dogs get their hands dirty with everything. And you get to watch it all, since the open kitchen is practically within arms reach (but is not noisy like so many Houston kitchens are, since it's not a typical line-cook set-up).The menu on our evening had three choices - their current summer tasting menu (4 courses, which we all opted for), their current summer garden menu (vegetarian, 4 courses), or an extended 7-course tasting menu. They also had the option of an extra cheese course for any of the three menus, served prior to dessert (3 of us opted for this). Of course, wine-pairing is also an option (only one of us could opt in on this school night, bummer).The wine list is small but includes some very different offerings; the wine-guy (seems like I shouldn't use the term sommelier since he did so many other things) told us they opted for high-acid, lower alcohol, older-world wines for the current food offerings, and they seemed to work well. The food was a blur - five courses + cheese course came and went in a symphony of cucumber, chick pea, monkey bread, smoked and seared tuna, braised leg of goat, pear, black garlic, rye cracker, lemon thyme, fig tart, caramelized date.... each dish was an adventure and presented as though for a photo-shoot. Like most tasting menus (which I wish were more common in Houston!), each individual course is small, and at Oxheart I would almost say delicate, as you spend more time discovering the flavor combinations and puzzling out ingredients than consuming vast amounts of calories. On the other hand, because we had 5 small courses, we left feeling very satisfied. Indeed, I would venture to say happy and satisfied and not uncomfortably stuffed. Oh, and amazed. And impressed. And already thinking about when we will return.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,2/6/2013,152,105,4,14,12>I already reviewed the other location but I figured it give this one a Yelp since they are very different in decor. This is the MUCH nicer location of the two I've been to (the other on Pin Oak) but the food is just as good. Whoever said this place is average or bad doesn't know what real tacos y Tortas are supposed to taste like. I'm a full blown Mexicana who was raised on south of the border Mexican food and believe me when I say that this place is the real deal. I'm so confused why the ratings here aren't higher but places like Chuy's (Ewwwww) have good ratings....
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,2/5/2013,251,161,14,16,13>I had to go to Nom Nom several times in order to formulate the most well informed review. Obviously I am a huge banh mi fan and the first few times I went here I ordered just that. The issue lies in the fact that this place prides themselves on their pho. So that being said, I could not properly convey my love without trying it first.First its banh mi time.. I love the pork. They have seemed to capture the right amount of moisture but still having a very nice well done pork strip. There isn't enough veggies for my taste, I also don't like pulling away from my sandwich with a big twig of cilantro sticking out of my mouth. This is not the go-to for a date night, there is no proper way of pulling away from this sexy. Point is, I didn't come here to be sexy and I ate by myself, so bows on the table and face stuffed I thoroughly enjoyed myself.Second pho time.. I got the pho with steak. I make pho at home all the time and still have not mastered the correct way of consuming this overly complicated soup. I guess it's the noodles that get me, how on earth are you supposed to get those squiggly things on a spoon? Starters is I love love love this broth. So many pho places like to clove and anise their broth to hell. As a previous reviewer said, it's more of a fishy broth, which is what true pho should taste like. Too much clove makes it taste almost floral so I was happy to find that my steak and vermicelli wasn't permeated by such flavors. The lunch combo, while being on the high end of the lunch budget, has quite a bit of food involved. You get a half order of pho, which when came out I couldn't believe it was half until I saw the full order (holy hell), a half bahn mi and a roll of your choice. I felt guilty leaving behind so much food but honestly, it would take two people to eat all this food for a total of $8. Customer service is fantastic every time I come here. They are all very friendly and helpful. I'm not sure if they took a previous reviewers advice but they have posted a banner of menu items outside of the restaurant to give you a hint as to what you might want before you look at the menu.Rule 1: Don't watch me while I eat like a barbarian Rule 2: Bring a friend to help you finish your meal Rule 3: Enjoy
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,2/4/2013,81,217,9,32,27>Best Pho in town!  Really cute, small restaurant in a strange (?) strip mall located on 1960.  The food is delicious and sooooo fresh.  The parents are the cooks and the daughters run the front.We had the spring rolls and Vietnamese egg rolls for apps. and I had the Brisket Pho, while the honey had the Flank Pho.  Both were delicious.  Definitely the best broth in the city.We'll be back, a lot!P.S.  It's BYOB!
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,2/3/2013,152,164,6,15,12>This has quickly become one of my defaults for Sunday brunch, and now when family is in town from the 'burbs they often request this to be our gathering spot.They have excellent coffee, bloody marys, and the food is on point. Personally, I haven't strayed much from the infamous chicken and waffles, but today I did take a bite of someone's pork hash and I may order it next time. I like-a da juice. They do not take reservations for Sunday brunch so you may have a little wait time, but once you get your order in the food will come fast. It is worth the wait. Also, this is in the dry area of the Heights. To get around TABC laws, you have to become a member to order alcoholic beverages. It's really not as big of a thing as it may sound. You just let them scan your driver's license and then they return with a fancy laminated "membership card" for you. Science nerds will get a kick out of the Darwin theme of this place. I'm embarrassed at how many trips here it took me to catch onto that, but I'll just blame all those delicious mimosas. ;)
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,2/2/2013,424,539,4,11,8>I really love rice.This is heaven to me.Whenever I come here, I get all flustered because they expect you to know what you want right as you sit down.  It's not as easy as pho where you just random pick what type of meats you want.  No, this is a SCIENCE.I'd have to refer to the menu to let you know ALL THE CHOICES you can get, so next time I'll take a picture and fill this in with more descriptions.But I almost always get Korean BBQ short ribs, shrimp paste, egg cake, and then whatever I feel like that day.  The first couple of rice plates are the combos that pretty much cover everything, so if you're a first-timer, just choose one of those.  Otherwise, try to read the next few pages!I could never find this place when checking into Foursquare, Facebook, or Yelp, so now that I have this place reviewed let the check ins begin!
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2012,2/1/2013,439,301,14,14,16>Breakfast tacos done right! Yes Jesus...Perfectly cooked tortilla goes a looooong way in the prep of a grand bfast taco! And Freddy's is on point. I hate to review a restaurant on one thing but when it's done so divinely, how could I not. This place would hands down win for the lousiest curb appeal but try it anyway. Def my go to spot heading into the office, there's some good food behind those doors.UPDATE: have now tried the cheesesteak, burgers, salmon burgers, pastrami...all very yummy!  Everything is made to order in an open kitchen and the staff is very friendly...I'd CAUTION against two items I've tried though...the fish & chips (I don't care too much for the batter and frankly it's a mystery kind of fish you don't see often) and the chicken goat cheese wrap.  I was not impressed, it had waaaaaaaaaaaay too much spinach in it for me and it was just not that good.  I love blue cheese but it's only bc dressing, wasn't feeling that.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,1/31/2013,305,198,10,17,13>This store makes me want to become a farmer.I'll keep this short and sweet. I only come here for dog food. Farmers have to own working breed dogs and can only feed their working dogs the best dog food. Blue diamond is the only thing good enough for my pooches.They sell all the typical farming ware plus clothing!They also have low cost vaccination every third Saturday of the month for your pets!
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,1/30/2013,229,569,6,14,11>Yummy is right! There are not a lot of empanada places in town, so I was giddy to hear of Yummy Mpanadas. First off, be warned--the suckas are huge. Order wisely! Definitely save room for dessert. The dough on the empanadas is the real champion--it's warm, buttery and comforting. There are a variety of empanadas. My favorite so far is the Cuban. Their real stars, however, are the dessert empanadas. Dulce de Leche with cream cheese is a combination so good that you'll feel like you did something illegal! I emphasize--save room.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,1/29/2013,43,170,13,18,12>*This review is for the Zeapod Cakery Truck. After going to HIN and then visiting Discovery Green I saw this cute little food truck and I was curious as to what they were selling. Before I could even get super close to the truck a lady in the truck happily shouted out "Hey! Come try our cupcakes on a stick! They're delicious!" She sounded so gleefully happy and proud of the cupcakes that I had to go and support this local business! Like another reviewer said, they had cupcakes but in a push pop form. I know, sounds interesting but imaging someone taking on of those huge syringes and then layering cake, frosting, cake, etc etc. She recommended Red Velvet so of course that's the choice I went with. The frosting is delicious, not too sweet, not overly cream cheesy, just right. The cake had delicious flavor, beautiful red color, but I would've liked it a little more moist. Don't get me wrong, it's not dry and crumbly either. The push pop idea? GENIUS! It's perfect for walking around Discovery Green with and the amount of product you get is probably the equivalent to a full sized cupcake from a shop. $3 for a push pop. Yum yum yum.She then greeted us away by saying thanks so much! Be sure to tweet us, facebook, etc etc. So I told her "I WILL YELP YOU!" And she said "YES PLEASE!".I love it when small business try to promote themselves through good word of mouth and social media.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,1/28/2013,556,161,7,12,12>This review isn't only for the food, but for the unique experience that Underbelly offers. Inspiration just leaks out of this place's pores. You will leave Underbelly feeling appreciative, exhilarated, and most importantly, satisfied.Let me just start by giving my compliments to their host. I remember that he was the Maitre d' at Hotel Icon a few years back and he'd given me the best service the first time I'd met him. Not much has changed now, and he is still doing what he does best, take care of people. We were very late for our reservation and were offered seats in the community room; we decided to wait for a table instead. After a short wait, we ventured to the dining room, passing a fun collage of photographs in the hall, and passing the community room.Before I go on, I must say I'm a huge sucker for good graphic design, and fun typography. Their menus made me giddy. Each food menu has a different cover. I flipped through the wine list for ten minutes thinking (possibly out loud), "I have that font, I love that font, I want that dingbat, and oOoOoh I've designed a logo with that font..." My nerd was showing all night, so props to whoever put all that time into making each menu so fun.Our waiter was very helpful and gave us a rundown of all the menus. He filled us in on the chef's concept, the in-house butchering, and explained all the local origins of the food. He was so enthusiastic, it felt like he cared just as much about the food as the chef does. By this time I was blown away with appreciation for the dinner I hadn't even ordered yet.Don't expect huge portions. These are definitely not entrees. Like everyone else said, it's a tapas style thing. Order a few and share with a friend. We ordered the Charcuterie Platter, the Warm Flatbread, Arugula Pesto, Lambcetta, Lonza,Mangalitsa Lardo, and the Korean Braised Goat & Dumplings. The Charcuterie was a great start and had an array of wild cured meats, what tasted like a caramelized onion spread, and pickled green beans. The Warm Flatbread was good but not everything I'd hoped it would be. When I read "Lardo" I assumed the Lardo would not have melted into the flat bread already. I've always dreamed of having a really good, solid piece of lardo melt onto my tongue, but not tonight I suppose. The Korean Braised Goat & Dumplings.... oh boy. I closed my eyes and forgot that there were other people around. It was just me and this braised goat and dumplings sharing a moment...  You can tell that the goat has been braised for a long time and it just melts away. The dumplings are so interesting, like light pillows inside, and sort of toasty on the outside. It was similar to the crunchy "burnt" rice that people fight over in my country.For dessert I ordered Vinegar Pie with Salt Brittle. Yes, you read right. It was similar to a custardy key-lime pie, but it was unmistakably vinegar. Separately, each piece is incomplete. The vinegar pie is sweet by itself, and the salt brittle is... take a wild guess. It's salty as hell. However, together, the two marry really well and make for a lot of mouth confusion. Salt is a flavor enhancer so it doesn't make the dish saltier, it just makes the vinegar pie taste more like vinegar. Sound weird? Well it was weird, and fun at the same time... like all the great things in life.What made me love it the most is the little pamphlet our waiter gave us at the end. There were lists of all the places that the chef loves to eat or frequent around Houston. Each picture featured in the hallway was a place in the pamphlet. I felt a huge weight of respect for the chef and restaurant at this point, and can't think of a cooler way to have ended the meal. I could go on and on for a long time about each thing I love about this place, but it doesn't mean anything if you don't go and create your own experiences at Underbelly like I did.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2012,1/27/2013,287,298,5,16,8>Finding and keeping a stylist you love is harder than you think. Most are flighty, here one minute and gone the second you build a relationship with them. Then there are the few that you really connect with and trust 100% with your hair. Those are the ones you will follow to the ends of the earth. Vicente is one of those rare gems.Vicente has been my stylist a little over two years. He changed my cut, adding layers that look great whether my hair is straight or curly. At first I was hesitant because adding layers to natural curly hair usually ends up a disaster but I trusted him & the outcome is phenomenal! Azur West is a gorgeous salon on the second floor of the multi-use residential/retail "mall" off of Kirby just south of Westheimer. The salon is modern, black & white with plenty of natural light. Sheer black & white curtains surround the sink area, giving the room some dimension & helps break up the natural light as it travels through the salon. Each stylist station is roomy with hooks to hang your purse under the counter & their hair dryers hang from the ceiling. No messy clutter here, everything is streamlined & minimalist. The lovely lady running the front desk is very friendly & accommodating. Very easy making appointments & the checkout is a breeze. Nice change from the harried front desk staff I've run across.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,1/26/2013,181,536,11,11,7>I've been really excited to check this place out because there has been so much hype around it. I usually go to Memorial Golf Course with vendors but I MADE them take me to TopGolf this time. A lot of them have been to the one in Dallas so they were game.This is an upscale driving range. 3 stories, sensors to disperse balls, a full bar, and decent food. I know people will complain about the price but it's called "upscale" and "high-end" for  a reason. I would say this is more of an occasion or event kind of place. Get a group of people together, it'll be a good time.The guys were hitting the balls over the fence every time so I don't think the field is big enough. We all brought our own clubs but there are also clubs available at the bay (no extra charge). I've only been playing golf for about a year so I'm a rookie, but the targets were pretty easy. If you're going to be a golf snob, then a regular golf course / driving range will be a better choice for you. This is just a place to get together for a good time. Kind of like bowling... not too serious.If you want to be competitive, each player has to have their own card to compete with each other. Otherwise, you just take turns on one game. When our time was almost up, I waved my club over the sensor to get as much balls as possible so we could have extra balls to hit. That gave us about an extra 15-20 minutes of play time! Our server didn't mind, we still had a bunch of food and drinks left. Rookie mistake: If you're on the second or third floor, don't chase after the ball if you flop because you will go over the edge! I almost did that... X_X Which makes me think it could be a little dangerous especially with all the alcohol available... someone is bound to do something stupid.The food were well plated. I had the Asian flavored wings, Street Tacos, and Quesidillas. The wings and quesidillas were good. Didn't like the tacos so much, not a fan of shredded beef.I was disappointed they didn't have Shiner. I think every bar in Texas should have Shiner, but I settled for a bucket of Dos Equis.Service was awesome! When we first got there, they gave us the far left bay on the third floor. We asked to be moved to a center bay with no problems. The guy helped me carry my clubs and was always making sure we were doing good.Overall, I had a good time. Next time, I will probably only take my 3 wood with me and not carry the whole damn set.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,1/25/2013,119,124,7,14,13>This is the third relocation for Genji's since it has been open (or I've been too) and this is the best spot yet. It takes over an old sushi restaurant (Nara). There is more room with higher ceilings. It doesn't feel like a cave or dungeon as much anymore. There are more tables and the bar area is larger too. The restrooms are clean (for now).The food here is always good and the drinks are cheap. The menu has light snacks, rice bowls, noodles, and more. So do what your stomach wants and feed it. So if you want to have a good time singing, eating and drinking come to this spot. Genji's can get pretty busy on the weekends. The staff is very friendly and the food and drinks come out quickly. The parking can get full but you can park in the back near the French restaurant.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,1/24/2013,193,129,8,11,13>I just came here with the family for Thanksgiving dinner, and loved it!  I've had recommendations from friends to try this place out in the past, and finally made it down.  It was a great change of pace from the other eateries I normally frequent in the Bellaire/Chinatown area.The 7 course beef (bò 7 món) is where it's at!  The set-up (as already well-described in other reviews) is perfect for a communal and group dining experience.  Basically they give you beef/meats cooked in several different ways, and you can create your own spring rolls.  One order can probably feed two people.  I recommend buying some of the vermicelli as well, as it adds so much to the spring rolls - one order of the vermicelli is probably sufficient for 2-3 peeps.  They also give you a couple of sauces - the fish sauce and the anchovy sauce - just to warn you the anchovy sauce smelled pretty horrible, but i'm told that's how it's supposed to be; I recommend trying it at least once, you might like it :)  For those who want a sauce gentler on the palate, you can always ask for peanut sauce.Thanks to Yelp, thought I would take a gamble on the baked catfish (ca nuong), and I am glad I did!  The fish was delicious - crispy, sweet skin, with a soft, moist meat underneath.  Not cheap, but great if shared as a group.A definite must-try for anyone who hasn't been before!
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,1/23/2013,180,247,10,16,11>The best BBQ in Texas!This has to be the best BBQ that I have had in Texas. I had the chopped brisket baked potato. It was was the size of a football, I have never seen a potato this large. It was loaded with butter, sour cream, cheddar cheese, chives and topped with the best brisket that I have ever tasted. All this for only 6.99, talk about a great value. The BBQ sauce here is outstanding, I could drink it by the gallon. I also tried the sliced brisket sandwich, Fantastic! Soft bread, tender flavorful brisket. WOW! Be sure to same room for a mini German chocolate pecan pie. Nom Nom Nom.They carry Hoffman's cheese and Poffenberger's beef jerky. I picked up some of the smoked cheddar, makes a great omelet. Be sure to get a few pieces of the dry smoked sausage for the drive home.  Next time I will be bring an ice chest. I haven't seen a meat market with this large of a selection in Houston. They even have a pork tenderloin stuffed with cream cheese and jalapenos then wrapped in bacon. Going to be picking up one of those on my next visit. No inside seating, but they do have covered tables outside. You never know who you will see. I think we just may have seen Honey Boo Boo's family sitting at the picnic table across from us. If you are craving BBQ, it's well worth the drive from Houston. Your not going to be disappointed. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,1/22/2013,215,403,7,19,13>Stoppng by Sonoma and checking it out during it's soft-opening period, I am already a fan.  A grand opening is expected in September, but folks do have a chance to check it out early.  They do have a selection of cheese plates and light bites, and more importantly a 6 page beverage list with 3 wine flights.  Happy hour doesn't appear in place yet.Like its sister store/mother ship on Richmond, the wine list is top notch.  The glass selection is good and pricing is in line with the quality.  I was impressed by the collection of sparkling wines, and the Pinot Noir flight I had was fantastic.  The lack of a single Syrah on the menu is disappointing (Shiraz and sweet sparkling don't count), but I look forward to seeing their choices in the future.The decor is distinctly modern, in hues of brown.  Big, open, attractive.  Different styles of seating around to accommodate different tastes--including a small patio that will be packed in good weather, I'm sure.  I'm a little disappointed they chose to fit in with townhouse-Heights rather than classic-Heights, but I understand the limitations they had to deal with.Service is attentive and pleasant.A big plus is the fact that you can purchase bottles of wine "retail".  Though I haven't compared retail pricing, it's nice to have a retail wine store in The Heights that sells wine that I actually enjoy drinking.Overall, a welcome addition to The Heights.  A good first impession.  Watch this space for review update.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,1/21/2013,320,247,9,19,15>God has blessed me!!  First off, this place is down the street from me and they have everything I need when I am in need of my New Orleans fix.And of course, it's a great butcher shop with good customer service.As you walk in, the cashiers are to your left, a small grocery section is in the center and the butcher case is towards the back.  The back section is where the action is.  On busy days, they assist customers through the number system so be sure to grab that number ticket thingy so that people are served in the correct order.I go here for the following:boudin - a few varieties - I like the jalapenosausage - I usually go for the smoked sausagecrown roastprime ribturkey necks - smothered turkey necks is the way to go.  pig feet - this feeds my NOLA soulpork belly - it's not in the case, so you will have to ask if they have any in the backThey also have poultry and seafood.  I've bought some shrimp from them and it was probably previously frozen, but it was way fresher than Kroger.And if you are too lazy to go to a regular grocery to get produce, there is a produce section to the right of the store.  But the prices are ridiculously high.Just go for the Butcher shop!!
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,1/19/2013,466,956,6,8,6>This park is Adorable! It's actually a playground for kids and quite a playground it is. It is very well maintained and gated, so the children are safe. You can tell they took their time building this playground. It says on the outside that it was created by the Heights Association. So, it is not owned by the city. The slides, swings, small bouncy bridge etc look like so much fun, I wish I were smaller so I could play in them!! LOL, I kid!Anyways, Well done Heights Association you've created a little gem.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2012,1/18/2013,202,374,13,13,10>Alright, it's sunday and it's game on!On Sundays, the parking lots are full, like post thanksgiving friday full.  Don't get choosy. When you see a space.  Take it. Tip: park at the far back corners.When you first enter, it's a bottle neck of carts created by the tables of special items on sale.  Ajjumma's make no eye contact and will not move.   I suggest leave the cart behind.  It'll slow you down.  Each person take a basket.  You'll be like the motorcycle on the highway during rush hour.  During checkout.  The lanes on the outer perimeter are longer and as you have no space in your basket.  Tell the bagger you want that 20lbs bag of rice or the box of gift fruit that you could lift/fit.  We're in and we're out!!!  I've got things to do!
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,1/16/2013,19,85,11,11,15>How in tarnashion does this place have only 3.5 stars?Yeah, there isn't much to the place, a nice long wooden bar, simple set up, galaga/pac man game in the front, darts in the back, brick walls, washers out front and some nice A/C.But what this place doesn't have in decor/etc. is made up in the drink selection as well as the tunes! The beers are all very cold, and the bartenders always offer a good recommendation. And for the heights, the beers are all local. That's an added plus to this area. The cocktails are awesome, we had some moscow mules, horses neck, etc.... all very good and strong and good and strong. The music isn't too much and makes for some good background songs for conversation. This place is exactly what you would want for a place to meet up and have a few pints and some good conversation with some of your buds. BUT if you are looking for more of a trendy club spot you have to fight ass to elbows to get a drink, carry your ass under I-10 and hit up Sawyer Park. Boom roasted.Then wander over to D'Amico's and stuff your face on pizza.Holla at a playa when you see 'em in the street!
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,1/15/2013,30,171,6,15,6>I don't often rate a place with 5/5 stars... but this is well-deserved by It's Ribs.  It's good.  It's damned good.  This is the best BBQ I've had in Texas.  It's better than Rudy's.  It's better than BLACKS!  The brisket was moist, flavorful, and plentiful.  THERE WAS MORE FOOD THAN I COULD FINISH!  I'm hardly a timid eater (in fact, I told my colleagues that I was starving and in the mood for a trough restaurant --er, "buffet").  Damn it, I tried.  The pulled pork (also very good -- with large, distinguishable pieces of meat -- which I prefer), potato salad (mayonnaise-based -- mustard-based is also available), coleslaw, and Texas toast were just more than I could manage.The service was really quite friendly and good (counter service -- and food is brought to your table via numbers).  If there's a flaw in the food, it's that you can't really find anything spicy to add to your meal.  The jalapenos were very mild (I must have eaten more than a cup of them) and the sauces were also mild.  I will absolutely jump at the opportunity to eat here, again... but I won't be foolish -- I'll ask for a to-go container.  I was so hungry when I arrived that I was disappointed to not see an option to add more meat for a surcharge.  It's kind of them to not tempt you with this.  It was a LOT of very good food for relatively little money.  I'm grateful that this is far from my home and office.  Trucks with bench seats were invented because of places like this.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,1/14/2013,387,536,10,14,12>Um, one of my new favorite coffee place in Houston. Why I did not check it out earlier, I am not sure. Especially with a name like Boomtown. Great atmosphere - although it gets super busy. Came here with a friend on a Saturday morning and it was poppin' (or should I say, boomin?). Why are these people not sleeping in?! But hey, props to my fellow morning people :)Great coffee / espresso drinks, all made carefully and beautifully. I got me an iced toddy with vanilla, and it was delicious. Nutty, bold, and perfect with the soy. My friend tried their breakfast taco too, and it was simple but delicious with a great corn and black bean salsa on it! They also source coffee to Bungalow Coffee in Montrose (yes, I tried it there as well, and yes, it was just as delicious. Double win!).
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,1/13/2013,413,275,12,13,9>It's a hard knock life for an Asian person living up in Spring, TX. It's a pilgrimage to get to Chinatown to get the authentic meals. Banana Leaf (another Malaysian restaurant in Chinatown) has greatly deteriorated in quality and was not worth the 40 minute drive. Lo and behold, a gem of a place opens up right across from my local Wal-Mart 10 minutes down the road from me!I went with a group of friends who were craving great Malaysian food. We shared the Roti Canai, Satay Chicken, Beef Curry Puffs, Hainanese Chicken, Curry Laksa, and Beef Rendang. Yum!!! My favorites were the Beef Curry Puffs and Curry Laksa. Laksa is a national dish of Singapore/Malaysian. It's a definite must get. The curry and coconut milk mixture is so good I wanted to bathe in it. It was the crowd favorite. There is this tumblr online called "Asians taking pictures of food". Yes, I fit that stereotype. I love food so much, I have to take pictures so my moment with food can last longer. At Asam Laksa, it was a playground for me. I started taking a picture of the Laksa, my friend took of picture of me taking a picture of Laksa, another friend took a picture of her taking a picture of me taking a picture of the Laksa, and alast a 3rd friend took a picture of the entire chain. This place marked our epic Asian taking picture of an Asian taking picture of an Asian taking a picture of an Asian (me) taking a picture of food.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2012,1/12/2013,233,113,9,16,15>I like to call this one of Rice Villages best kept secrets. The good thing is that you'll never have to worry about Simone's being too crowded. It's a petite bar, not meant to be crowded. Has off street parking with a few extremely small lots (house driveways) that allow Simone's patrons to park in.. Just look for the signs. Keep in mind, you are only allowed to park along the side of the street that Simone's is on. (I'm sure those tow trucks at the Valero next door are anxiously awaiting their next victim.)They have great happy hour specials that go on til 8! They have a one page menu of light bites and pizzas. This is bold but.. they have some of the best specialty drinks I've ever had. I'm not the type to choose from a specialty cocktail menu, but when I do, I never go wrong with what I order. My most favorite recent drink is The Moscow Mule. OH muh guh it's so good (if you absolutely adore ginger then you should love this drink.) It's served in a mule and by the end of the night, I was drinking as if it were a goblet. Cradle of life is an oldie but goodie.. I still get a kick out of watching them make it. Lemon lovers should def order this.This is my type of sit back, have a drink and a conversation environment. They have a cutie little patio with twinkle lights for your date. They have a new room in the back for a bit more lounge space. I love this bar any time, any day of the week. A big bonus for me is that the owner keeps her television at the bar on The Food Network. I so love that.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2012,1/11/2013,543,497,12,26,20>How could you not like a drive-in theater? Such a nostalgic feel, being in your car, with the family, & taking in the new flicks with that huge speaker hanging in your slightly opened window. Wait, fast forward to the 21st Century, and you just tune your radio to the appropriate station. Always a double feature so the pricing is awesome. Decently priced goods at the concession stands. If you get there early, let the kids play on the play area until night falls. Definitely a family memory maker coming here.ADULTS $6 * KIDS 3-12 $4 * BABIES FREECASH ONLY (ATM LOCATED IN SNACK BAR)SUMMER HOURS:OPEN 5 DAYS A WEEK! WEDNESDAY - SUNDAYGATES OPEN AT 6:30 PMMOVIES START AT DUSKPlease call for bad weather updates.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,1/10/2013,223,269,21,27,27>We wipe tears from our eyes and smile at each other. I dab my nose as daintily as I can and my friend asks rhetorically why we do this to ourselves. I shrug and say little and we both giggle through our tears.No, we were not at a funeral or re-watching "The Notebook." We were at Thai Gourmet. If you like your food to "hurt so good," come here.When you ask for "Thai hot" here, you will receive Thai hot. There are few dinners as invigorating in Houston as red curry and triple spice tofu at Thai Gourmet at the maximum spice level. We don't look like eaters who enjoy challenging ourselves in that dimension (maybe I do because I'm brown) so the waiters enjoy the shtick of asking us each time if we "reeeallly" want "Thai hot." We always try to say yes as nonchalantly as possible, our smiles belying our arrogance and masochism. The food is wholly excellent here so just order what strikes your fancy. Everything I've tried has been great except for the basil eggplant. I wish they would fry the eggplant with basil as a dry stir-fry but I'm quibbling now. If it matters to you that your green curry, red curry and panang can be differentiated within a single meal (hey, there are nights when I don't care), this is the place to come in Houston. This also satisfies my family's diverse palates. The modern philosopher Alain de Botton declared that "family as spiritual discipline [is] the art of living without mutual likes." He clearly hadn't been to Thai Gourmet. I'm impressed with how our party of eight was seated on a Saturday night in a timely manner with no reservations and how they kept everyone's annoying requests straight. The food came out piping hot and delicious about ten minutes after we ordered. The rice was even served in heart-shaped mounds. Guys, this place is sooo legit. I'm 'thai'ed up in knots just thinking about it, which is why I couldn't review this stand-by of mine earlier. Go now.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2012,1/9/2013,152,257,6,12,13>I have a crazy cat named Gage. He was supposedly a rescue that I got from "friends"...so truthfully I really do not know his background. From the way he acts I assume he has been abused. He was declawed which made him over aggressive with his teeth. But we have worked long and hard with him and while he's usually grumpy and pretty anti-social unless it's on HIS terms, he's gotten a lot better. Still, we love his grumpy ol' self and want to give him the best life we can.Friday morning I noticed spots of blood on the floor where he had been sitting; I tried to see if he had maybe gotten scratched by our other cat but couldn't find anything. Until he moved and I saw his rear end. I won't be graphic but suffice it to say something was wrong.This vet's office used to be right by my office so I knew Dr. Adams a little and I knew one of the vet techs as she used to pet sit our cats. So I felt comfortable calling them, even though neither cat has been here before.The girl I talked to was super sweet and said bring him on in. Doc Adams was off that day but her relief, Dr. Smiley was there. Ok, that sounded good. Gage needed to be seen by someone that day. Plus she mentioned that there was a 20% off coupon for new patients on their website. While that wasn't a major concern at the time, I knew that this could potentially be super expensive and I appreciated her letting me know.There wasn't anyone there and they had me fill out the paperwork. The girl I spoke with was super sweet and I wished I had gotten her name but I didn't. She told me but I forgot. The vet tech that I knew came up and after talking to her it sounded like what was wrong with Gage was definitely not life threatening and while not common it wasn't too rare. They did get backed up and didn't call me until about 1:00pm (I dropped him off around 7:30 am) so that was a little disappointing but I understand that I did drop him off last minute and I did appreciate them getting him taken care of in one day. They called and let me know they couldn't even look at him without sedation which did not surprise me. So I agreed to that and after that they called me about an hour later with the diagnosis.Warning: possible TMI below!!They said he had a ruptured anal gland that explained everything they had to do, plus that they could give him a two week antibiotic shot so we wouldn't have to pill him. Which was super awesome, but man I wondered how expensive this was going to be. Not that Gage cat isn't priceless, but it's always a consideration, sadly. What she quoted me was a very pleasant surprise and very reasonable. I hate to say cheap as that sounds tacky and that they are providing inferior service, and maybe this isn't an expensive procedure but still, I was very happy with the cost.I got a call about 4:00 pm letting me know he was ready and explaining everything that needed to be done and answered all my questions. So off I go to pick up my boy.They were once again super nice and helpful; one of the vet techs even carried the carrier out to my car for me (it's a big carrier, y'all....).I was seriously so happy and pleased with everyone at the office and how well they took care of my little (um....ok, he's not fat he's big boned!) fur guy. If you need a vet for whatever reason I highly recommend Pet Medical Center!
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2012,1/8/2013,225,440,13,20,17>Like my Yelp friend Sonia T. I've been cheating...but it feels so good!I have my regular stylist who I love to death, but when she was out sick and had no appointments for a week...I had to strike out and find a new friend.  I have super short hair, so once it gets to a certain point you have to get it touched up or else I end up looking like I stuck my finger in an electric socket.  And I've done that before.I digress.  I called up White Salon as I had been there for color work once before, and was able to get an appointment with John the same day.  The receptionist told me he'd be the perfect guy to get a fun, edgy update to my do, so I booked it and headed over after work.John was the bomb.com...tattooed up, long hair and gages in his ears - to be honest I thought he might be too edgy for me, but I couldn't have been more wrong.  He talked to me a bit about what I wanted and then suggested some ways to freshen it up.  After we set out a plan it was off to hair transformation land I went! A little less than an hour later I had a fresh new cut that was super cute, edgy and easy to maintain - all this girl could ever ask for!I've since been back to see John for a trim one more time, and really love what he can do with a pair of scissors.  I still feel bad for cheating on my regular gal, but at least I know I have two people in town that get me and my hair!
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,1/7/2013,269,274,15,22,17>Craft Beer... BOOM! oops, I got excited there. I meant, there has been a craft beer boom in Houston and Premium Draught is a part of that boom.  Premium Draught is located in the space that was once occupied by that book store that everyone gushed about, Kaboom. Haha.. I did it again kaBOOM! So that being said, it's next door to Antidote Coffee. You know that place you can get the Goat Milk Cajeta Latte. Yes that same place. The space is small and acts more as a retail space. As you walk in they have Reach-in Coolers lining the walls to your left and right.  They have single bottles of craft beer from all over the country. They also have a big selection of bombers. Bombers are bottles of beer that range from 21oz - 750ml (25.4oz), so if you want more that just a 12oz bottle you can move up to the the bigger bottles without breaking the bank. By no means is the selection as big Specs, but for the guy that just wants to test the waters of Craft Beer I think you should start here.  Specs can be intimidating with their huge selection. Plus, Johnny at Premium Draught will be glad to help you. His motto " Beer should be fun".  If you walk past all the reach-ins you will approach the temple in Premium Draught. A counter with what I believe is, 10 taps of craft beer. They do a growler exchange with a deposit of $6.00. What's a growler you ask? A growler is a 32oz or a 64oz bottle of beer an individual can fill up with draft beer and take it home with them. I know right! How awesome is that? So a one time $6 deposit and the cost of the beer gets you a 32oz or 64oz growler filled with your choice of beer from the tap list. Next time you come into Premium Draught, bring the growler back and they will exchange it for another one that has been washed, sanitized, and chilled. They do fill other growlers other than their own, but they don't wash or sanitize them.  They also have glassware for purchase and other beer centric items.I'm so ecstatic that Premium Draught has opened. Support Craft Beer and support local business! Cheers..Your Welcome
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,1/6/2013,27,77,5,12,10>Kudos go to yelp and the other reviews for making it possible for me to find this place.  It's tucked away in a very shady strip mall, replete with a "spa" and game room, with next to no indication it's there.  The arrangement inside reminds me of a smaller version of Savoy, because it is part of a convenience store.Two things leap out instantly once inside:  (1) the menu is extensive, with pictures of all dishes hanging above the register and (2) the food is cheap!  I tried the spicy pork dish and my friend ordered the seafood stew.  A few minutes after ordering, the cashier hustled out with the full spread of side dishes one would expect to receive at a conventional Korean restaurant.  To my taste, the radish served here is as good or better than anywhere in town.  The other side dishes were also quite good with the exception of the seaweed, which simply wasn't my thing.   I can be quite an eater, but even I was surprised by the size of the stew bowl.  It made large pho orders look puny by comparison.  Even more surprising at the price point, it contained big chunks of real crab and large head-on prawns, which are not included at the other places I like (which charge a little more).  The flavors were well developed and the proportion of ingredients to broth was just right.  The pork was a mix of pork belly and conventional meat, with onions and broccoli and probably something I'm forgetting.  It wasn't spicy to my taste, but it was good even if slightly one-dimensional.  I will be back to try the stone bowl bibimbamp and dumplings.  If those are equally impressive, I'll probably end up eating my way through half the menu.   The bottom line:  great prices, big to enormous portions, and tasty food that stands up to Noodle House Myung Dong.  Pay a visit and become a fan!
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,1/4/2013,133,272,6,15,11>Okay...I wanted to re-write this review completely...This restaurant reminds me of little Italy. It is such a cute restaurant! As soon as you walk in, there is gelato galore, cheeses, meats, all sorts Italian condiments, various olive oils...it's a wonderful combo deli and gelato shop! Then walk past that area is the adorable little restaurant where the walls are filled with every Italian wine ever made practically! This is definitely the place to come enjoy wine with your Italian food. The pizza from here is absolutely fantastic! Order your pizza with pancetta on it. It is so scrumptious! And they can make their pizza with white sauce instead of marinara if you'd like too...which is what I'm all about!It is a perfect, quaint little restaurant that gives you a warm, fuzzy feeling.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,1/3/2013,305,161,16,32,19>You're looking for an emergency vet so here's the lowdown on this here clinic:1. Don't go if it's not really an emergency.  If it can wait until morning, you're better off going to see your normal vet that's familiar w/ your animal.  2.  It's $95 to see the doc and the cost goes up from there.  They'll want to secure payment first, and they will not take payment over the phone or internet.  The good news?  You can haggle - kinda.  I got my bill lowered almost $500.3.  They're only open at night, and they stay busy.  If you can't pick your pet up in the morning to continue treatment at your normal vet or just to get home, there's a pretty steep hourly rate.4.  That means get ready for a wait, so stop wasting time and get your ass on the road.They go by need, so if you didn't listen to #1 and you're headed in because your cat has a rash or your toucan won't eat his fruit loops, you're probably going to be there awhile.5. The front desk staff is incredibly friendly and understanding.  My vet was exceptional with both bedside manner and a deft hand with the needle and thread.  Overall good peeps.6.  I would take my dog back here in the event of an emergency because when it comes down to it you are there for an unfortunate reason, and the best you can hope for is someone to render quality care to your companion/lil buddy/baby girl/etc.  And while I could point to some obvious areas for improvement, they did a great job with the most important part.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,1/2/2013,343,368,14,19,13>Once upon a time, Alexander W. entered the working world and started buying dress shoes.  He loved his Ferragamos and Brunos so much he was saddened when the soles and heels started getting worn out.  Alexander the great searched far and wide on Yelp for a reputable cobbler and found Houston Quality Shoe Repair.The shoemaker and his magical team of elves were able to breathe new life into Alex's worn out leather.  $19.95 gets you a sole protector, $7 gets you a heel and toe guard, and $12 reconditions your leather.  Using elvish magic, they also were able to mend a pair of Nikes that were becoming unglued.  The turn around time took 4 days and Alexander was very satisfied.The owner is very friendly, personable and remembers his customers.  They also sell shoe polishes, shoe trees, and many other shoe related items.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2012,1/1/2013,210,276,4,14,11>Ok so this place just opened up. First off this is a real pub run by real British people. This is an upscale pub though with a great decor. It is such a relaxing atmosphere. They staff are very formal. I really just wanted to stay there for hours and chill and drink beer. On the subject of beer they have a very eclectic selection of beers on tap and in bottles. Really I did not recognize 90% of the brews they sell. The food which I have yet to try is upscale. Cheese and meat boards, steaks, sardines, salmon, and a fish and chips I will be going back to try. I see this place really lasting as they really seemed to have a lot of fans even though they have only be opened a few weeks. The chef herself was out talking with customers and she was so sweet. Check it out. It is unique, upscale, and soothing.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,12/31/2012,151,258,7,15,11>I'm really digging Pondicheri. Saturday brunch with my mom and it was a toss-up between the always reliable Backstreet Cafe or Pondicheri. Glad we went with Pondicheri because I'm smitten. As first-timers, we wanted to try everything and the thalis are perfect for that. Went  a little overboard ordering and ended up with the yogi thali, rancher thali, spinach samosas, potato parathas, and extra naan. And enjoyed it all. The rancher thali was especially delicious and included a sample of the butter chicken that I've heard so much about. Overall, a pretty safe choice especially for novices.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,12/30/2012,73,202,6,13,11>Midtown Reflexology is my new favorite place in Houston! For $35 (increasing to $40 starting in October), you get a blissful hour of reflexology applied to your head, feet, hands and back. The interior is dark and ultra clean and you drift off to soothing ambient music playing softly in the background. So far, I've had Leon and Yogi as my therapists and both have delivered firm reflexology massages.  My husband raves about Mary.There's also a "happy hour" special of reflexology for $20/hour, Monday-Friday from 11-2.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,12/29/2012,267,368,6,16,13>I am constantly on a quest to find the best burger in town...and I think when it comes to Pearland, Jax Burger claims that honor!These are the kind of burgers that make you proud to be a Texan. Big beef patties, loads of toppings, and everything is cooked to perfection!There is not a single bad burger on the menu...and I have had them all. Not sure what you want? Just close your eyes and point at the menu. You are sure to get something you'll like.The fries are the only thing that could use some improvement...not on the taste, but on the quantity. For 2.99 for chili cheese fries, you don't get much. However, I am sure it's because the size of the burger more than makes up for the fries. Either way...the fries are really good and I could have used about 1/4 of a potato more.There are a few other Jax locations throughout Houston...so wherever you live in the Greater Houston area, there is sure to be a Jax Burger close by. I am just glad one is close to my hometown! Even if it wasn't...I will still make the trek for this great burger!!!
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,12/28/2012,52,88,10,11,11>When I feel the need for live music but don't want to sell a limb to get a ticket this place rocks! - there are numerous free shows, and the most I have ever paid for a ticket was $15!- Super easy to get a drink at the bar...pretty much no lines! - Nostalgia! I used to come here as a kid and smoke cigarettes and pretend to be cool...still pretending to be cool here...sans cigarettes. - Place looks great since they fixed it up a bit...amazing what paint can cover up...- Back patio is wonderful! Beware of attack cats!! - I have been surprised by the bands the last few shows I went to...this place can bring in some amazing talent!!Cons: - The upstairs shows can get super packed if it is a well known band...and then because I worry about everything my brain starts to think about the age of the building...the amount of force being emitted by all the people jumping and dancing on the beams....the floor moving under my feet....me dying in a pile of collapsed wood beams...So if you worry like I do, and are going to see a big show there, it might be wise to drink heavily/medicate yourself so you can enjoy the show :)
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,12/27/2012,196,278,6,17,10>The Houston City Council is making it tough on food trucks.  While many are operating in the city, they face an unaccommodating legal environment that makes it tougher for these creative mobile kitchens to offer a great experience for their customers.Seating?  No can do.  Shaded seating?  You're kidding, right?These factors alone put food trucks at a huge disadvantage compared to standalone restaurants.  Eating standing up isn't any fun.  Eating standing up under a hot Texas sun is even less fun.  Yet customers will endure these inconveniences if the food is good enough.Even with these stumbling blocks, food trucks persevere, and some even thrive.  Hopefully the city council will someday change these anticompetitive regulations and let trucks compete without artificial barriers (that seem to be written by brick-and-mortar restaurant associations.)Until then, some trucks will take refuge outside the city limits of Houston, where the regulations are based on health and safety, and not make-believe fantasies of back-of-the-truck drug deals and apron-wearing terrorists operating behind the grill.  (You can't make this stuff up.)Enter the Rockabilly Diner, a food truck located just west of Kuykendall on FM 2920 (the first major road south of the Woodlands.)  Eschewing both the hipsters and the silly regulations found Inside The Loop, Rockabilly converted a vacant spot near a busy intersection into an al fresco dining spot.Parking is ample, and the bright yellow trailer houses a modern kitchen that would be right at home in a small mom-and-pop restaurant.At the back of the property is a small seating pavilion, with a pair of picnic tables and a sturdy fan providing a breeze even when Mother Nature isn't cooperative.The entire property is clean, neat, and well kept, with little homey touches that remind you that Rockabilly isn't a corporate concept cashing in on the food truck craze.Stepping up to the counter, we're immediately greeted by Chad McMullen, a Brooklyn transplant who's been in Texas long enough to add "y'all" to his vocabulary.  Chad is passionate about burgers, and his enthusiasm comes through loud and clear.  And his excitement is resonating with customers - Rockabilly has recently extended its hours from 11am to 8pm, serving the dinner crowd as well as those craving a burger for lunch.On this, our first visit, we followed Chad's suggestions, and ordered a Bacon and Cheese Rockaburger.  Based around a hand-formed one-third pound beef patty, it's topped with your choice of several cheeses, generously sliced bacon cooked on the griddle right beside the patty, and the usual array of traditional burger toppings.Nothing was started until our order was placed - no precooked patties here.  Or even precooked bacon, something that's very common at even the best burger joints.  We applaud Chad's dedication.  Another interesting observation:  Chad covers the burger patty with a lid on the grill, the same technique that Ricky Craig at Hubcap Grill uses to such great effect.After a reasonable time for cooking and production, our burger appeared, wrapped in foil and placed within an insulated foam carrier.  This burger is packaged to travel well, but the only vacation in its future was into my stomach.All this attention to detail was put to the test when we bit into the Rockaburger.  The coarsely ground beef was cooked medium well, but the covered griddling technique resulted in a nicely juicy patty, and perfectly melted cheese (pepper jack, as was Chad's recommendation).  The beefy flavor was front and center, seasoned gently with salt and pepper.  The hot-off-the-griddle bacon added a nice smoky counterpoint, and had a firm, dense, chewy consistency.  Veggies were crisp and fresh.  Our only disappointment was a slight one - a rather pedestrian bun that was neither toasted or griddled, but it did it's job holding everything together. All in all, a very good burger, and one that we look forward to enjoying again.There was a considerably lunch rush of Houstonians enjoying a burger in the great outdoors, comfortably seated alongside friends and strangers under the pavilion.  It's a shame that every food truck can't offer this sort of experience to its guests, but we're happy that the Rockabilly Diner has picked a location that allows for this kind of great experience. We'll be back.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,12/26/2012,78,161,9,14,11>I have been watching and waiting for Crisp to open up for months!  It's right down the road from the Matt C. Casa and after giving this place a try last week - a very big welcome to the neighborhood!Did I mention I love a good "Gastropub?"  Is it trendy - very, but who cares?  Good drink selection plus awesome creative menu - why would you complain that this is becoming more and more popular?No one is going to confuse the beer selection with Ginger Man, but they have a very nice selection of local/regional and import brews on tap.  Even a beer enthusiast like myself would not put up much of a complaint.  Also, bonus points for having a "Cask Selection."The menu is fairly diverse, but there is one recurring theme - Italian inspired - more specifically pizza!  I'm not sure what "Stone Deck Fired" means exactly, but I am guessing is a similar process to brick oven style pizza.  Whatever the case - it is very good.  My dinner consisted of the "Cluck you BBQ" pizza - Beer Can Chicken, Smoked Gouda, Pickled Jalapenos, Grilled Red Onion and Dr. Pepper BBQ Sauce.  Sometimes I think BBQ pizza's kinda taste the same because the sauce is so overpowering - this was not the case here.  I can honestly say it was the best BBQ pizza I've ever had and the chicken that tops the pizza is really incredible.  I also had a starter - Baked Texas Goat Cheese and Marinara.  Wow, their Marinara is good and throw in some Goat Cheese and you have one satisfied dude.  The bread that came with the starter was really excellent too - it is some sort of super toasted garlic cheese bread.  My only complaint was that I had to request more because the Sauce/Goat Cheese to bread amount was not at all proportioned correctly.I'm not sure if the high gravity beer made the food just that much more enjoyable, but whatever the case all of the folks dining with me on this occasion had the same reaction - freaking awesome!
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,12/25/2012,607,68,7,11,13>Oh my goodness......ummm, I have so much to say about this fantastic Nail Salon, & a lot of it was said in my Quick Tips & Pics, so like I've said before, I'll TRY & keep it short....I know, I'm Waisting my breathe!!! Lol. So, I stumbled upon this place yesterday when I was waiting for my mom's A/C to be fixed in her car. Of course, like everything else, I checked the biz out on Good ol' Yelp 1st, & thought, Yep, they should be just fine!!!! (I'm picky when it comes to my nails, so new places can have me on edge at 1st). Walked in and there are pedicure chairs (massage of course) & nail stations galore! This place is huge compared to Nail Salons in my neck of the woods, but this happened to be smack~dab in Memorial City area so I wasn't too surprised. I didn't wait 5 min before they were ready for me!!! Nice touch!! (called other locations in the area & each place had at least a 30-60 min wait). My pampering of the feet started out with one lady & that quickly changed, not sure why, but it was all good!! The next girl workin on my feet was a Lil Young thang!! Super cool because she, much like myself, LOVED to talk!!!!  About 5 min into my pedicure, another woman, Lynn, pulled out a seat & started on my hands. Now, a lot of women that wear tips, or get acrylic overlay, usually start with a new set every other month or so, but that's not me. MY nails are long & it helps being that way as long as I keep them so they don't break. But yesterday I figured, what the heck, chop them bad boys off & let's start from fresh. After all, I had nothin but time on my hands......literally!!! My pedicure was fantastic!!!! Only $26 & $5 extra for sea salt, not bad compared to how they jack things up out my way (depending on where u go). She, & I'll get her name to come to me soon, used the Hot Rocks on my legs & feet. Somethin else I've never had done in Spring AND it was included, no extra charge!!! YAY!!!!Lena had my feet on point!! The feel soooo good!!!! About the same time my pedicure was finished, Lynn was just about done popping all my original nails off. This may seem like a long time to some, but it's been 3 years since I started over with a new set, & if you know me, you know I wear my nails LONG!!!! Lynn proceeded to put my new set on. We laughed and talked and joked and talked....& about 4 hours after I walked in, I was done!!!! Perfect timing, bc my mom's A/C was done being fixed at the same time!!! Now, I know what you're thinking, 4 HOURS!!! For a full set & pedicure!!!! No way Jose!!!! But again, I was far from in a rush & Lynn usually doesn't do nails as long as mine so she was making sure everything was perfect!!!! My total for removal & LONG full set, solar, $57 (Reg $35 if you're not me, lol). So I paid my total of $88, tipped Lena $5 for my pedi & Lynn $10 for my beautiful nails!!!! A little over $100, that's my kind of shop. To y'all that keep a normal length, you'll walk out paying $66 (that's with the $5 extra for sea salt). I would have NO problem driving from Spring to Memorial City next time I need a refill!!! I'll def be going to see Lynn & Lena again in 2-3 weeks!!! Oh, there's a Bally's, I believe it's Bally's, above the nail shop. After about 6pm it can get a little noisy overhead, but Nails Beautiful service is worth a Lil bangin around. Another plus, there's a Starbucks right next door, yes, Right next door!!!!! I was able to control myself from going over, but next time I'll hit them 1st.....yeah I got a little jealous watchin all the Starbucks cups walkin around the salon & walkin past the window. I really don't see needing to make an app at this nail shop,Unless you just want someone in particular to do your nails.Nails beautiful gets five stars in my book, because I thoroughly enjoyed my pampering and my entire afternoon with the ladies over there yesterday! I definitely recommend this place to anyone in the Memorial city area!
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,12/24/2012,251,713,10,10,8>Okay, so the problem is: when baked items are reasonably priced I tend to stock up.  Not crazy stock up, like there's a Hurricane entering the Gulf stock up, but rather a vast swath of variety stock up.  Like a cornucopia or a buffet.  I have lots of freezer space, so I'll generally freeze most of the baked items, then when I need a bit of a pick-me-up, let whatever it is sit on the counter for a spell (five minutes), then devour.  Not directly on the counter, on a cute little plate which is sitting on the counter.My problem with Six Ping is that I didn't get enough blueberry cream buns.  It's a mixture of cream cheese and blueberries that was piped into a giant bun.  I only got one; I should have gotten the entire tray.  It's giant, like a mini-bun pie, so it lasted me for a few days.Really, I should stop there.  That's all you really need. There were a large number of items with western flavors and fruits (aforementioned awesome bun, almond, cinnamon roll, brownie sandwiches, and so on), but with an twist.  Mainly the style and the breading.I got an assortment of things, but really the only ones worth mentioning were the blueberry cream buns and the red bean buns (with black sesame seeds on top).  What didn't I like?  Ha!  It's hit or miss this whole grab a tray and create your cornucopia of goodies.  Just go.  You'll grab some winners and some losers.  It's like going to a panaderia, talking to people at a networking event, or getting drunk and buying random songs "you have to listen to right now!!!" off of Amazon.  Do try the blueberry concoction, it's like the Electric Avenue of Six Ping.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,12/23/2012,80,118,32,18,14>agedashi tofu.  DAMN.  The agedashi tofu was so damn good.  Ok, let me start by saying, the service sucks.  The wait for a table sucks.  The wait to get more water was long and sucky.  BUT this is not a main stream restaurant.  It's ran by a little Japanese Grandma and Grandpa.   The service is going to suck.  But if your mom was serving you, and she didn't bring you water promptly, would you give her a bad review?  If you said yes, stop reading my review and move on.  This place is not for you.  For those of you that are still reading, good.  More room for us!  If you didn't know, I'm a big fan of the agedashi tofu.  After the first order, the wife, the brother, and I wished we had ordered two orders because we didn't want to share with each other.  Yeah, I didn't want to share with my wife and brother.  SO WHAT?!?!  It was delicious!  The wife got the sashimi and loved it.  The brother and I got a bunch of makis and that was pretty good.  This is old school REAL sushi.  I should have said this earlier, but if you want fancy fusion, you're in the wrong place.  The meal (including the time we waited for a table) was 3 hours.  Fair Warning:  Don't come here if you are already hungry. I don't give 5 stars to every place and most places, I just don't review because they are just TOO AWFUL to put into words.  But I really enjoy this place.  Really, I don't want anyone new to come here.  It's going to make my wait for a table longer and that part already sucks.  DON'T GO TO THIS PLACE IF YOU HAVE ANY OF THE FOLLOWING ISSUES:1.  you expect good service2.  you expect to be seated quickly3.  you need super fancy surrounding4.  you are in a hurry5.  you are looking for fusion sushiDO go to Sushi Miyagi if:1.  you have time to kill (at least 2 hours)2.  you want really old school authentic sushi3.  you love your grandma and grampa and you miss them..  Bottom Line:  I love this place.  Please don't go.  The wait is already too long and I don't want to wait behind more people.  Would I go back?  YES!  YES!  YES!  YES!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,12/22/2012,3161,3020,16,22,15>OK this place has been getting a lot of comparisons to the famous food cart in NY.  Well I have yet been to this famous cart but I like mediteranean food, so I was down to check this place out.  When I looked up the address I was like whoa...SW SyDE?!It's even more shady than you think as you roll up, they share the lot with a used car lot, very confusing.It's called Jones Fried chicken, but located in an old james coney island, but the best food is the rice dishes?!YES YES YES.I was told to get the Lamb and chicken over mixed rice large with extra white sauce.  I must admit the lamb clowns the chicken, so just get only the lamb and the spicy rice is better so why bother mixing it?So my recommendation, get the lamb over spicy rice.BTW I did try the fried chicken in the form of chicken wings, they were on the dry side, prices were fair, some customers came in very confused, because even though they do sell the fried chicken it's by far just a sideshow compared to the main event of the halal meats.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,12/21/2012,142,119,6,11,10>This review is strictly for Tuesday steak nights. I haven't seen my homies in awhile and I thought Tuesday steak night would be very fitting for catching up chill kind of place. We got there 7ish and there were still tables left. We circled our steak preferences on a piece of paper: how well you want your steak to be cooked, what you want on your baked potato, and what kind of dressing for the salad.Our food took awhile but that was pretty expected since almost everyone there was down for the steak. When our food came, I wasn't expecting that much food. I took one bite and literally said "Damn, that's some good a$$ steak!" Right after I said that, my friends Essay and Jeffrey, literally agreed in unison that it was one piece of fine a$$ steak! The steak was seasoned well with salt and pepper. I got my baked potato loaded. If the steak doesn't fill you up (you must be crazy it's 16 oz!) but the potato will. The side salad was fresh and felt like I wasn't totally pigging out on meat. I know it's not good but, I even ate some of that fat on the steak. It was juicy and flavorful! Service was not bad considering it was super full. By the time it was 8, there were less and less tables unoccupied. Band starts playing by 9 but after eating all that food, the food coma was already starting to it. While it was driving, I could feel a food baby growing. Yes so much food for such a good price! $12 for all that food including tax. Also, there's $12 Maine Lobster on Thursday.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2012,12/20/2012,439,285,6,8,8>Remember Pacman and the maze?  Once you memorize the tunnel pattern, getting here is NO problem :)That being said, this is a really good addition to the food court here!   yes, it is 5 blocks from work, but its all in the tunnels and once you work your way past Blinky, Inky and Pinky, you can dodge Clyde and you're home free to some delicious Mexican food in the tunnels!   I've been here a couple of times and I can say its the best Mexican food downtown so far --- and while you're paying a bit more than normal, its really good!  That being said, it can get expensive for lunch (over $9) so be prepared for that.  However, it IS that good that I don't mind.  This is NOT Don Julio's on the street level -- its MUCH better.So, if you are looking for a decent place for lunch for Mexican food-- stop here.  Its good.  But remember its tunnel food:  only open Mon - Fri.Edit:  people asked for what you get for your money:  think 1 full styrofoam container full of food-- beans, rice and your entree.   Its a food court-- its all "to go".Enjoy.PS:  can't find any dots to turn the ghosts into blue ones.  Maybe I'll find that in the tunnels too!
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,12/19/2012,229,174,14,27,21>Ok so I've been hearing about this place and I just figured it couldn't be any different than Fogo. So last night the wife and I got dressed up to go down the street to a local eats place and we were like "man we are dressed way to nice to go to a casual place", lol so we decide to make reservations here about 45 minutes before stepping out and head out. They have complimentary valet parking(my cars are not cool enough IMHO for that so I always park myself lol). The hosting staff are really polite and seat you to your table very quickly. Now this next thing is definitely what already started them off with a 5 star in my book: we were sat down by a family with a child who was kind of annoying but didn't pay any attention to it, so we went ahead and we to get our salad, as soon as we got to the salad bar two of the servers approached us and asked if we would like to be moved from that family and into a more secluded area. We were like yes please and while we got our salads they moved our things from one table to another(now that's great service). Ok back to the food! They had a very well maintained salad bar with great items about 32 different items and were very tasty( I went back twice for two salads lol) the service of the chefs were standard for a Brazilian steakhouse, but the cuts were all superb. I've always thought of Fogo as top in my Brazilian steakhouse book, but now "Houston we have a problem". The servers kept our beverages full the whole time(another 5 star symptom for me) and all the sides were delish, especially the plantains. One of the best things about this place is that it's about $15 per person cheaper that Fogo so that definitely places it on top of the rest!! Great service,food,ambience, and staff=5 stars in my book. Definitely will return
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,12/18/2012,2219,1117,14,22,16>Esquire liked this place - "one of the best new restaurants in America" they said. My concurrence Yelper Cee B. gave this place five stars. I predictably blew my shot at bringing a first date here, which would have been my first date since last November, so it remained on my "must try when I get back to Houston" list. And I needed a nice, fancy place suitable to take my brother out for his birthday, so I pitched this place and he was interested in giving it a try. Plus this month is Houston Restaurant Weeks so $10 from our bill was going to be sent over to the Houston Food Bank, which makes everyone feel good about sending a little bit of money their way, especially since my pro bono activities have had to be significantly scaled back since I spend so little time in Houston these days. So the stars were aligned for a visit to Mockingbird Bistro to eat dinner.If you want to skip the hallmark of nouveau riche excess by valeting your car, you can quickly and easily find parking on the surrounding streets even at peak "goin' out" hours. As you walk in it seems like you step back in time, almost the same way that Dolce Vita feels, that it harkens back to a kinder, gentler, and simpler time. There is a lot of history, atmosphere, and character in the design of this place and I like it. The first floor has the bar and a large seating area, the hostess stand is off to the left of the door in a nook. They pulled up my reservation and we were off to the food. We were walked around the bar and up the old, slightly uneven staircase to the loft area with a few tables and right next to the restrooms. I like that loft area. Just like the upper floor of Dolce Vita the tables are close enough you are going to be up in everyone elses' business through no fault of your own. But you are not crammed in like sardines or anything. If you are on a date you would want to be in the loft as opposed to the genpop downstairs. Just like the hostess, the waiter was very polite and friendly, nobody cursed us under their breath for coming in under the HRW menu. The bread basket and olive oil appeared immediately. There was the standard issue white bread and then a whole new level of awesomeness and flavor in some other kind of bread. I tasted garlic and other spices, it was very pleasing. Even better when my brother and I quickly ate through the first basket we had another one presented for our satisfaction. The olive oil came with a spoon, which won them points, and it also had a fair helping of spices at the bottom of the bowl-ish container. It was basically like how Josephine's did it downtown years ago - just ten times better. And I take notice of these kinds of things.For the first course I went with the Sweet Corn Souffle. It had the consistency of flan, very wibbly-wobbly in a pleasing sense, topped with a piece of lobster, surrounded by a tasty sauce for dipping purposes, and corn pieces dotted the landscape. Delicious, colorful, great texture, and very pleasing from start to finish. My brother went with the Chilled Tomato-Basil Soup and I don't like soup, so I did not try any, but it looked colorful and good. Portion size for an appetizer: healthy.For the main entree I went with the CAB Filet. There was one big stalk of asparagus, a roasted tomato half, potato halves, mushrooms, and what I assume was a blue cheese crumble kind of topping. Very colorful, incredibly tasty, I definitely approve of everything. It was even cooked medium well as asked, instead of something else I did not order. So extra points for taking orders. My brother went with the Bass and the little piece I tried was just as good, just more fishy than my steak. Portion size for an entree: good sized.The dessert they presented small helpings of all three options on a tray for each of us - the brulee was pretty good, I don't typically eat such things so I can't be snobby in picking it apart but I ate it; the truffle was extremely chocolately and thick; but the apple bread pudding was the show-stopper and the absolute best. There was nothing wrong with it - everything was right and it was the most flavorful and most memorable of all three. Portion size for a dessert: huge.My only complaint regards the restroom. The little tiny hall-closet was not air conditioned, it was hot, and the restrooms are one person only restrooms so you stand there and wait a bit, which is frustrating sitting there in a sauna as you get increasingly frustrated that you are standing in Rubeus Hagrid's armpit.I'm a huge fan of the Bistro and feel like this is one place in Houston, like Hugo's, that actually deserves all of the praise they garner from Yelpers I trust as well as other sources I might pay a bit of attention to when they start talking. Just like with Hugo's I would definitely come back, even though I memorialized this experience with an unfortunate Hagrid reference. There is still time left in August to check this out for HRW if you are on the fence.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,12/17/2012,289,404,5,17,5>I am SO excited that we found this new joint via Groupon. It's not far from our house and is all around a great establishment. You may think it's a negative since it's located in a strip center right off the freeway, but I actually find that to be quite positive. It's easy to find, there is always adequate and free parking and the interior is very open with large front windows. There are quite a few booths on the right wall, tables in the center and a combination of seating on the left. It's very clean and bright. Our waiter was great. He came when we needed him and stayed away when we didn't. The menu is easy to read and simple, but with solid offerings. I really dislike that most Vietnamese places have 18 page menus and no descriptions in English of what the dish contains (a nightmare for picky eaters or people with allergies), so I find myself asking the server about every dish. This menu was 4 pages, and DOES contain descriptions in English. You can also find their menu online (without prices) and the homepage features some nice large pictures of dishes.We usually stick to water, but to reach our full Groupon total ($20), my husband ordered a strawberry limeade with sparkling water and we loved it. This was like a flavored limeade from Sonic except more fizzy and less syrupy -- very refreshing and a great accompaniment to our meal!  We plan on trying the mango next time. I HIGHLY recommend the beef tenderloin spring rolls which were my favorite taste of the meal. The meat was juicy and flavorful and the rolls were large and well rolled and served with a tasty peanut sauce. (No cucumber in the roll, yay!)I enjoyed the chicken pho, though I did have to double up on the hoisin and the siracha and even add some soy sauce to achieve the spice balance I like. The broth was smooth and not greasy, but my husband thought the broth was a little heavy on the fish sauce. The white meat chicken was sliced very thinly and tender, and there was a large amount of meat. I definitely did not feel like I was eating mostly noodles and broth -- I got my protein, too. My husband ate 2 BBQ pork bahn mi sandwiches, and he liked the meat a lot, but thought the bread was a little soggy. I thought the bread was perfect because sometimes the crispy crust on french bread hurts my gums. They also sell a bahn mi with the beef tenderloin that we had in the spring rolls, and I think we'll try that next time. I'm interested in trying the sauteed cashew chicken, the fried rice dishes and the pad thai (kind of odd for them to serve pad thai but I'm on board!) Even without a Groupon, the prices are more than fair, and you could easily feed 2 for less than $20.  We'll definitely be back, and if our first time was any indicator, we'll become regulars.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,12/16/2012,387,597,11,15,9>I have some seriously effed up eyebrows. I blame bad genes. I do everything -- stencil, dye and use latise to get them to be fuller. I sat down first with Shazia's assistant and she asked me a funny question for someone who has funky eyebrows "Do you want them thick or thin?" -- um... "I want them even!" She did an alright job, they weren't perfectly symmetrical. She molded the shape to something she thought they wanted to be, rather than the shape she ought to FORCE them to be. Trust me, my eyebrows are evil, they need to be punished. The assistant then tried to get me to elect for a full face (I am very fair and I really don't have the need for a full face threading). I thought that was odd too. I decided to give them another try despite not loving the first results. I am glad I came back! Shazia herself? Eyebrow whisperer. She asked me no questions, I just pleaded "Please make them even, gaps are OK, I will fill them in" -- and she did. Perfect. Symmetrical. Sculpted. Even THICKER than I am used to. Brava, Shazia. Brava.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,12/15/2012,64,239,7,12,8>How in the world did I not know this place existed?!I stumbled upon this place while in search of a fascinator for my sister's wedding, she's marrying a Brit after all. Sadly a regular yelp search failed me, shame on you yelp! So I had to fall back on a regular internet search. There was a news clip from around the Royal Wedding, I guess when these things were a little more in demand. So this is where the fascinators were reportedly found. They had them, but sadly they weren't any quality that I would feel comfortable wearing in front of an actual British person. I would be laughed out of the room! They're cute I'm sure for little girl dress up, but an adult should not be buying them from here. Otherwise this place is crazy! By far not a secret, it was hoping! So not having a yelp review already is just a little mind blowing!Accessories out the wazoo, jewelry every which way, purses, belts, luggage, hair accessories. It's Charming Charlie on crack! It's all cheaper quality but most of it you won't find anything as neat and interesting, and a lot of it doesn't look as cheap as it is. I found several pieces that looked like they could have been Kenneth Cole and Guess. You can get a necklace and earring set for less than $12. They have cute little baskets so you can stock up. The only thing that threw me off and actually irritated me quite a lot is that they didn't have a single mirror in the store! I bought a few necklaces that I didn't like how they sat on me once I got home, not so terrible since they were so cheap. They have security and the register in a little birds nest in the middle of the store. I'm sure they have a shoplifting problem because the store has so many items, inventory is very hard to keep track of, I saw over five employees that they only duty was restocking.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,12/14/2012,232,157,13,13,14>As I was watching the food network (best steaks) I began craving a cheese steak....like the kind of craving a pregnant mom would have.  So, I pulled out my trusty old side kick (Yelp) and Pappa Genos appeared like magic.  Living within driving distance from Philly, I have had the pleasure of trying some of the best cheese steaks in the world, Pats, Gino's, Ishkabibbles...etc.  When I read Robert K and Mike W reviews (thank you guys).....I KNEW I hit the jackpot!  AND it was only 5 miles away...yippe!40 seconds later (yes, the craving was intense) I arrived to this bright orange/blue checkered restaurant AKA Heaven.  No line and extremely sanitary  (please keep that up)The 3 keys to the perfect cheese steak is the bread, meat and cheese (in that order).  The bite should flow in that order as well.  The french bread was PERFECT.  Lightly toasted but fluffy like it was fresh out of the over.  The minced meat was flavorful, with a kick of pepper and the cheese....BUENO!  Whenever you bite into a GOOD cheese steak, it should always taste like the "best thing you ever had"  It was so good that I had to bring my beau back that same night.  Morally, I knew two cheese steaks in one day is a SIN so I didn't eat.  But watching his reaction after his first bite was as good as me eating one myself!!
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,12/13/2012,195,254,5,16,11>This is more of a calm and relaxing place to have a meal. It's not brightly lit, and is definitely not as noisy (or crowded) as some of the other restaurants around.When you walk in, there is a menu placed on a podium that you can use to decide what you want to eat. Once you've made your decision, walk on over to the counter that says 'order here' and place your order. They give you a buzzer, and when it's ready, just walk over to the section that says 'pick up here' and retrieve your delicious food :).The food is always prepared fresh and is plenty. Entrees typically start around $10. My personal favorite is Max's Grilled Chicken sandwich. If you're a cheese lover like I am, you'll be VERY pleased because it's very cheesy :).  They have a few condiments to choose from so if you're a hot sauce lover, you'll be pleased to know they have a variety of options beside the drink area. Something that stands out about Black Walnut is the fact that they have free wi-fi AND  a bunch of outlets around. That being said, I found it to be a great place to get last minute assignments done, since I didn't have to worry about my battery dying mid way though. They do have gelato there and it's as delicious as it looks. My personal favorite flavor is Amaretto, but they have quite a few for you to choose from. I believe you can add up to two flavors in one cup. They also have the traditional coffee drinks, and some are even better than Starbucks! Overall, it's definitely worth paying a visit to. Go ahead and check it out the next time you're in the Town Center area!
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2012,12/12/2012,231,233,10,12,13>So, it was raining after the BON Undies Run- but we braved the rain to go out to where the three food trucks were parked. Good Dog looked the most appealing. We ordered and the dogs were ready in less than five minutes. We were standing underneath a big umbrella that was separate from the food trucks, and and the Good Dog guy ran out in the rain to give us our carefully covered hot dogs! Kudos for that. All the other food truck people stayed in their trucks and waited for us to go to them for our food. I got the Guac-A-Dog and oh the deliciousness. Of course, you could put guacamole on a hot Texas driveway and I'd probably still lick it off, but I'll take guac on a hotdog any day.  and the Chillin' dog was really yummy as well. Um, and can I just say, the buns were amazing. We were surrounded by people's buns in undies, and then we were eating these amazing Texas toast buns... Who doesn't love some good buns (on people and around hot dogs)? Overall, the bun situation was fan-tastic.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,12/11/2012,101,74,25,17,16>I'm a little torn with this review. More with myself than with this place. Do I like the classy bar downstairs or do I like the lewd den-of-passion upstairs...or do I like them both equally?It's a great place to get a stiff drink and a stiff...drink for your significant other. Being young and hopelessly in love, I sneakily made this the final destination on a date night with Muneezeh K and it was a fantastic success.[Sparing the gory details] We drank likes kings and queens and snogged liked Ron and Hermione. The classical music makes PDA seem inherently classy, and since we do such things about as frequently as J. K. Rowling releases a new Harry Potter book, I think you can excuse us.It's definitely more my style than the Washington club scene just down the road, since as a 24 year old, I already value1)  the ability to hold conversation and 2) the absence of a crowd to get a drink more than being in the "name brand" club of the week. But I guess I'm just old already...
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,12/10/2012,137,234,8,16,11>3 year's later and I still eat here weekly. Sharon was the first restaurant owner to write me a note to say 'thanks for coming in, see you this week.' Probably just an afterthought to most, but it always stuck with me, and may have had some impact on why I continued to eat here so frequently. Well truthfully, the proximity to my house, and the fantastic food are the true motives, but restaurant owner appreciation is nice too. And the place has flourished since I first became a patron. The original location is packed on weekend morning and afternoons, and they've opened a thriving location in the heights. But rather than get popular, expand, and go down hill, which is the usual order of operations for restaurants, Taco's A Go Go has grown and only consistently improved. The food was always good, but its gotten even better. Beef and chicken fajita meat are markedly more delicious than they were when I first started coming. The queso is fantastic as well. The breakfast tacos are still top 3 in the city, and I dont give that honor lightly: (bacon chorizo and cheese all the way) they're fluffy and always bursting at the toasty tortillas' seams.  Old school Tacos A Go Go had only two salsa options. But now, Fire and Devil (in spanish) are additional salsa flavors, where only Red and Green (in spanish) existed previously. None of them are really spicy, but all four are delicious. And there is still a shelf of bottled hot sauces for those who require the kick, though unfortunately, the bottle labeled 'ass burn' has been conspicuously removed. Comfortingly, there is still a framed picture of Jesus captioned by the phrase "you must be guilty of something," hanging beside the salsa bar. I always try to ignore it on the mornings where I'm valiantly fighting off hangovers. Also, there are remarkably more things hanging from the ceiling than when I first entered Tacos A Go Go, so watch your head. Most notably, Jarritos Chandeliers!Tacos A Go Go is one of the restaurants that made me start yelping. Three fun food filled years later, I'm glad to say that there have been only few changes, and all for the better.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,12/9/2012,216,95,7,10,10>I've been long overdue for an update on B&B.  I now trust Vaishali exclusively to manage my brows.  While the Hillcroft locations may be less expensive, the shape of my browns is much improved compared to before.  It's worth the extra cash for improved technique.  It took me a while to come to this conclusion, but even picky people can come around.  (=
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,10/6/2012,12/7/2012,124,267,10,19,13>Edit:  Multiple pieces of clothing damaged in May and June 2014.  Dry Cleaning in The Woodlands has been a big problem issue for me for years.Many dry cleaners take you to the cleaners by not quoting you prices and/or then surprising you with exorbitant prices at pick up time for their dry cleaning services.   I have had the employees write the prices down on my ticket and upon picking up my clothes was demanded to pay higher prices.  So battles ensued.  I won but what an effed up company.How about getting your men's shirts back and feeling like rigor mortis set in permanently???Do you like your men's shirts faded, buttons smashed, clothes permanently ruined?  How about your men's shirts coming back smelling like more BO then when you took them in???  I'm sure an all time favorite is your dry cleaning coming back reeking with so much dry cleaning solution you're afraid to wear your now chemical, toxic clothing!I've been using Premier Cleaners for several months now and HALLELUJAH everything has come back PERFECT!!!  They are a nationwide franchise kind of business.  This is the only one I have been to.  They have a friendly staff which makes it a pleasure going to plus they speak English.The negatives:  There is no a/c so it gets real warm in the middle of the summer dropping off or picking up your clothes.  Plus a bit tricky pulling in off Sawdust.Prices as of this review: Men's shirts $1.25.  Dry cleaning for clothes $1.99 each piece. This means men's and women's suits are only $3.98 and women's dresses are $1.99 dry cleaned.  Awesome!!!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,12/6/2012,64,77,9,16,9>Oh beautiful Monday ... I couldn't have asked for a more perfect eve. It began when my best gals & I finally got together after many moons. We met at Mockingbird and indulged in the most wonderful happy hour ... but you can read that on their review ... then my dining companion got a text: Did we want to go to Pass and Provision's soft opening? HELL YES. It's not often I get the opportunity to attend a soft opening of one of the most anticipated restaurants of the year ... ok, let's make that never. The pup could wait a couple hours longer. The sign out front still says Gravitas and admittedly, I never made it to Gravitas - a travesty, I know - but I can only imagine it didn't look like this. Upon entering the dining area on the right has gym floor walls - but in the most classy, awesome way [just take my word for it -- or, rather, go make a reso and see for yourself]. We made our way to the bar area to the left with the a very cool community table. I admired their outdoor patio through the windows. Side note: the water closet off the bar ... I probably spent more time there than I should ... more gym floor walls and high mounted faucet over an industrial ceramic sink. What can I say, I'm a sucker for a well designed water closet. I feel like such a fraud for the next part -- you see, I had already had more than dinner at our previous adventure and this was an unexpected stop, so I absolutely could not indulge [much] on food. All I can offer on the munching menu is "OMG you have to try the Kimchi bread." It was served with a decadent, fatty brie-type cheese I wanted to finger scoop and lick off my fingers and a warm egg yolk to dip. Holy crap. I died. The cocktail menu, although categorized by "House Offerings" and "Tried and True" was all unique, well thought-out concoctions. I immediately spotted one with corn whiskey, apricot brandy, jalapeno syrup, peach bitters and more and decided to take the risk [it's called The Coots Matthews & I highly recommend it.] It was like Willy Wonka's magic gobstopper. One sip was apricot. Another jalapeno. And then a peach. Yet it was all understated and perfectly balanced. My dining mates ordered The Wiley Post with chamomile, lemon, cava and vodka which turned out to be one of the best lemonades ever with a kick. And the "Remember the Maine," a rye whiskey concoction that goes down super nice and tasty. Cocktails are around $10 each but rival any other in the city. An hour later, I realized my dog was going to hate me but I just couldn't bring myself to leave the kimchi bread and egg yolks that we all were slowly savoring. Our waitress has just relocated to Houston from LA and was the nicest, most attentive woman ... as was all who I encountered tonite. I gotta say, y'all, if you ever get the chance to preview a restaurant and it's anything like tonite, you're dog will forgive you. My dining companion has already made resos to return.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,12/5/2012,117,159,18,16,15>There is something about being near middle age and still enjoying things that make you feel like a complete kid again. Typically these particular adult indulgences are limited to activities such as laser tag, putt putt, and the good ole skating rink. These activities take you back to a day and age when life felt just a little simpler and you didn't have a care in the world, expect maybe wanting to know if the girl who sat next you in class actually liked you. So for all us adults who are looking to be taken back to the good ole days there is a new game in town and it is found at Sky Zone Sports. I decided to have my birthday party here, my 31st birthday party. And when I walked in the door I was immediately taken back to childhood, but not because of a unique smell, instead because of all the damn kids running around like mad. I mean this place was swarming with rotten little brats running all over the place. But then again I was once one of those little brats, so I couldn't hate too much. Beyond the raging children, I couldn't heIp but noticed was how big this place was! And there were courts upon courts that were filled with trampolines. There was a large trampoline court to free jump, another to play trampoline basketball court, a foam pit area, a trampoline court for small children, and two large trampoline courts for dodgeball (YES!!) You pay for 30 minute increments but I decided to go with 1 hour which was plenty of time because after about the 20 minutes parts of my body were hurting in place that I had forgot existed. I spent most of my time playing dodgeball with a bunch of adolescents and teenagers. Forgetting exactly how old I was and how agile and full of energy they were.  And let me tell you that kids these days are competitive and totally vicious. But it was all in great fun. I may be old and slightly out of shape, but I still know how to throw hard and aim for their damn heads...hehe. They play the game by pretty standard dodgeball rules and the refs are good at managing the games. You can jump as high as your body will allow and you can have as much fun as your heart desires. I must say that this was one of my most favorite birthday parties. Sky Zone Sports provides a great, family friendly venue for people of all ages to have a great time. They will let you rent out private courts for parties of all sizes and they even throw in pizza and birthday cake. Although my body felt like it was 50 by the end of the day, my mind felt like it was 13 all over again.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,12/4/2012,82,127,3,12,9>This tea house recently opened near my apartment so I def wanted to try it out.Just as most tea houses: black teas, green teas, cream teas, fresh juices, and coffees are offered. We all worry about our badonkydonks expanding after the consumption of sugar but no worries here my friends. You have the choice of choosing the sugar level of your drink: 0, 25, 75, 100. I think this is the coolest option yet and have not seen this offered in any other tea houses. This pretty much seals the deal for me. I asked the owner for a custom order of a strawberry and coconut cream tea with 75% sugar. Pretty good! My boyfriend ordered the peppermint green tea with 0% sugar. It is easy to confuse GREEN tea with CREAM tea and accidentally received the cream tea instead. Be sure to clarify clearly. Although it was creamy, man oh man was it delish and refreshing!This place is definitely worth checking out!p.s.: their furniture is super comfy
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,12/3/2012,195,262,10,15,13>It's like walking into a large, loud, drinking hall of beer, wait no that's exactly what it is. First note, I want the "Mmmmm beer" stamp that I got on my hand. Secondly, for $7 bucks you get 4 tokens and your own Saint Arnold taster glass (Note: Buy a larger glass before utilizing your tokens, I know the sheer wait and holding back of the excitement of obtaining delicious libations might be excruciating; but, a bigger glass=bigger pour). Thirdly, this hall allows for an indoor picnic atmosphere so bring your games, chairs, lunch, friends, maybe even your family. Saturdays even though gawd awful crowded, put beer in the mix and good times are always had, and new people are always met.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,12/2/2012,42,383,22,26,25>Oh. My. Goodness. I have found THE ultimate place in Houston for down home New Orleans poboys  and seafood. I'm so very happy I came to this little place. Discovering it was like a dose of Felix Felicis, i.e. good luck potion. Do you crave poboys? If you don't now it's very likely you will after trying one from here. Poboy offerings include: oyster, crawfish, shrimp, catfish, soft shell crab, hamburger and that unbelievable addicting creation, the roast beef poboy. Other menu items consist of fried seafood such as shrimp, oysters, catfish. There also fried chicken breast fillets, gumbo, fried shrimp salad and grilled chicken or shrimp. Boudin balls are available as well as frog legs and alligator and red beans and rice. The poboys come in small, regular, large and extra-large sizes. The regular is a good size meal with large being definitely enough for two people (or an immensely hungry person) and the extra-large will feed three or four depending on appetites. Poboys can be ordered half and half meaning that if there are two types of poboys you're interested in (like sloppy roast beef and hamburger) you can do a half of each. The French bread used for the poboys is amazing and perfect. It has that toasty, crisp outside coupled with a soft inside. Too good! Poboys come "dressed" with mayo, lettuce and tomato but you can customize it with or without these ingredients. For a gratifying and who-cares-about-calories indulgence try the French fries with gravy and cheese. Sinfully satiating. While you're on an indulgence roll, order up a dessert for a scrumptious ending. The sloppy roast beef was my first item to try. It was tender, perfect goodness. Extra gravy was served on the side. A messy-marvelous meal! The catfish were huge, golden fried and light tasting. Fries with gravy are sinfully satiating. Shrimp are nicely battered and fresh. Service is very friendly and helpful. They make sure you are truly satisfied. It's apparent that they care about their customers and take pride in serving great food. I can now appreciate the New Orleans attitude of "living to eat" rather than "eating to live". With such delectable foods, it's only right to do and I will be back as often as I can.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,12/1/2012,419,749,7,12,18>I'd like my coffee with a few shots of social justice, please--so I order it at A 2nd Cup.A 2nd Cup is coffee with a cause; it's a 501(c) nonprofit and the folks serving up drinks are volunteers.  All the proceeds go to fighting human trafficking and helping rehabilitate those who leave modern-day slavery.  They host a variety of events that relate directly to this cause, such as sponsoring charities to come in and talk about their work or showing documentaries about child slavery.But on top of that, the folks who run this place have put some real thought into what makes a great coffee shop.  It's roomy, with free wi-fi, plenty of outlets and eclectic decor.  Whether you're looking to do some studying or hanging out with friends, they have spaces for each.  I've only had the iced coffee so far as it's too hot for anything else, but they've been able to jazz it up with a variety of syrups and offer more unusual drinks such as cafe sua da.Currently, they're only open on Tuesday 4-10pm and Sunday 8am-2pm as they "incubate" in their starter space and raise the capital for a permanent one.  But I find myself coming back as it's a great, quiet spot to write, and I can feel good about supporting their mission.  I'll have a second cup, please.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,11/30/2012,178,1288,,12,11>Houston and the rest of the country could use more places like The Ronald McDonald House. I recently went on a tour of the facility as a potential volunteer and I was blown away by what they do. The Ronald McDonald House is an extremely low cost ($25/day) facility for families of pediatric patients undergoing treatment in the Texas Medical Center. The facility provides housing to patients who are undergoing treatment at several hospital including MD Anderson, Texas Children's, Memorial Hermann, etc... Priority housing is given to patients undergoing cancer treatment, but many different families stay here.  This is so much more than a long term hotel. There are community rooms, computer access, playrooms, outdoor playgrounds, community kitchens, laundry facilities, and more! They even have special kitchens for transplant patients to store their food. Most days of the week, volunteers bring and serve food to families staying here. Best part of the whole place? The house dog, Mogie.  Mogie was running around, playing with kids, and was putting a smile on everyone's face.  Pet therapy is so important for patients and their families. Mogie was so cute, I wanted to scoop him up and bring him home with me! For $175 a week, a family can stay here, get free shuttle service to/from hospitals, and enjoy many free catered meals. I can't imagine how important a facility like this is when you are from out of town and your family is devastated by a life threatening medical diagnosis.  I can't wait to start volunteering here! If you are interested, check out their website: rmhhouston.org/Volunteer
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,11/29/2012,40,41,17,17,13>Telwink is the restaurant equivalent of a Japanese car manufacturer- highly efficient and great quality for the money.  For the record, this blue collar breakfast joint is better than Breakfast Klub.In an efficient manner, see below for my version of a 'Telwink-esqe' review:- A line when we walked in.  Waited 5 minutes- They clear tables faster than it takes to read this line- Waitress was courteous and helpful, we ordered waffles, eggs and hasbrowns- Get the waffles!  Waffles: golden, hot, fluffy and smelled like melting butter- Hasbrowns: not too greasy, crispy and tasted like a freshly picked potatoes- Left tip on table and walked up to the cashier to checkout ($10 for a meal for two)See below for supplemental info:- Price: Pretty much free!  Spent $10 for a breakfast for 2.  Valets at a douche bag club cost more than 2 meal here- Atmosphere: 4/5 stars (decor is out of date but clean)- Service: 5/5If you have a morning flight through Hobby, be sure to stop by Telwink for breakfast.Big turnoffs:- They ran out of biscuits.  Traaaash...- It's in SE Houston.  With the exception of Telwink, nothing/no one good has ever come out of SE Houston...
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,11/28/2012,361,477,,29,13>Great organization of volunteers who devote a great deal of resources to rescue beautiful dogs from BARC who might otherwise be put to sleep.  As a no-kill rescue group, they are dedicated to rescuing and caring for dogs until they can find forever homes.  As an additional plus, they are also dedicated to making sure the dogs find compatible homes based on their knowledge of the dogs through foster care.Open each weekend (Sat from about 11-6 and Sundays from about 11-3), they are open for patrons to say hello to the dogs as well as open for volunteers to come and help everything for feeding to walking to just plain giving the dogs the attention and love they have been missing in their lives.In addition to adoptions and volunteering, foster parents are always in need as well to give the dogs temporary homes.  P.S.  It should be emphasized that this is an entirely volunteer-run group.  If you are visiting for the first time, please understand that the volunteers on duty may have their hands full at any given time.  Although this is a storefront, it is not a pet store, so please be patient and feel free to ask a volunteer about any dog that you may be interested in knowing more information.    P.P.S.  Please also don't take it personally if your application is not approved.  All dogs should go to homes where they will be kept indoors primarily and understandably some dogs will be friendlier than others.  The volunteers hold the welfare of each dog in the highest regard, and the group works to ensure that the dog goes to the best possible home, not simply the first home available.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,11/27/2012,62,146,1,13,11>This is my new brunch place!  My husband and I hit up BWT on a Sunday afternoon during peak brunch hours, and the place was only about 30% occupied.  This worried us, because brunch seems to be a huge deal in Houston.  Our waiter approached to take our drink orders.  When we explained that we had a Travelzoo voucher for brunch which included two entrees and two bottomless mimosas he said, "Say no more, I'll take care of you."  And he did!  Our bottomless mimosas were truly bottomless, and when we lingered over an hour after paying the check he STILL kept them full.  Even though our voucher didn't include an appetizer, we indulged in the fried oysters.  Even though my husband barely eats seafood, even he couldn't resist the crispy oysters topped with fresh slaw and a dash of hot sauce.  We finished the plate in no time!  For entrees, I had the shrimp and grits and my husband had the short rib benedict.  The shrimp were huge, and they definitely did not skimp on the quantity.  Grits were nice and creamy, and complemented the spice of the shrimp.  Husbands entree was also delish, but at this point I wasn't really paying attention to his food too much as the drunken hunger had taken over.For dessert, we had the famed sticky toffee pudding.  This is, quite possibly, the best dessert I've had in Houston.  Warm, rich cake with a delicate pistachio ice cream.  This is what dreams are made of.Service was friendly.  When the waiter kept refilling our drinks, we made sure to leave an extra cash tip on top of our CC tip.  Parking was kind of strange...although it was Valet, the valet dude just told us to self park.  Fine by us, I hate valet anyway.  Curious to why they waste the valuable space with the valet stand though.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2012,11/26/2012,38,362,9,8,7>Awesome vibe, lovely menu, artwork on the wall, and lots of good people watching. In our two visits we haven't progressed beyond pizza because the pizza is really great. In fact David has not moved beyond the sausage and goat cheese pizza which he's had twice now. First time I had the Alsace with pesto, red onions and prosciutto. Great. Today it was the chicken verde which had parsley, chives and mint plus a squeeze of lemon. Not a bad pizza at all, but the Alsace was better. Such a funky place we can almost forget that we're two old fat white guys. Almost.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,11/25/2012,199,182,10,10,6>I love tapas bars for two reasons: 1) people always think I'm saying "topless bars" and 2) there's a great variety of things to munch on and delicious drinks to wash it all down. To be honest, when I first walked up to Oporto, I was not that impressed. I was being a bit snooty and thought, "hmm, it's in a shopping strip next to Chipotle. How good can it be?" Boy, was I wrong. Every time I've come, this place is packed! I recommend sitting at the bar because you get to chat with the bartenders who serve up a mean sangria. Very fresh with a great fruity aftertaste. My favorite dish is the crab and avocado. Damn is that thing good! It's my go-to every time I come here.Lesson learned at Oporto. Never judge a restaurant by its location.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,11/24/2012,162,230,8,10,9>They say first impressions are everything, right? Well, my first impression with Masraff's involved some stuck up hostess giving me attitude when I wanted to change the date and time of my reservation, and in the end, she stiffly said they had nothing available. Funny thing, someone else from my party called an hour later and they miraculously had an opening for 8 people at 8:30 on a Friday - right during prime time. yeah, so uh...what's up with that?Lucky for them, my fiance - who isn't as easily enchanted by delicate, frou-frou cuisine and fancy decor as I am - was quoted saying, "This is the BEST decision we've made allll HRW!" Quite the claim, my love, but you know what, I have to agree with him.* PARKING & AMBIANCE: First off - FINALLY, an upscale restaurant with its own damn parking lot! Gone are the narrowly missed reservations due to circling around the block for 20 minutes scavenging for street parking. No longer do we have to rely on valet to park our cars a few measly feet away from the front door, and then TIP them for it. I love it, I love it. Once inside, you realize that Masraff's is very classy restaurant - it's nice and sleek, dimmed lighting, lots of private rooms branching off here and there. My party sat in the main dining room near the windows, with a clear view of their cozy patio and gorgeous "MASRAFF'S" water wall.* FOOD: Okay, now I want you to listen closely. "Calamari, Walu, Berry Pudding." Got it? Now, recite that over and over in your head. Calamari, Walu, Berry Pudding. Because THAT line-up is going to MAKE your evening, buddy.a.) For appetizer, the Garlic Seared Calamari is the way to go. Note, this is *seared* as opposed to breaded and fried, but it's amazing. It's buttery, it's tender, it melts in your mouth...and the sauce is delicious too! I, unfortunately, went with the Risotto Du Jour - which happened to be pork and shrimp that day - and it was just okay. Luckily, my man didn't mind me taking over his Calamari. What a keeper.b.) For entree, the Seared Walu w/ Leak Couscous did not disappoint. Once again, I couldn't get enough of the soft, sweet, delicate escolar and its wonderful miso emulsion sauce. I definitely recommend it. The NY Steak Strip was also a hit at our table - seasoned perfectly, juicy, and that velvety potato with all its truffle goodness.c.) For dessert, the Berry Bread Pudding satisfied my sweet tooth, but the cream cheese mousse didn't cut it. If there was a dollup of ice cream on there, it would've been golden.d.) Finally, my cocktail - Sammy's Pear, I believe? - was crazy good. It was smooth, sweet, and the alcohol wasn't overpowering and disgusting. Just what I need to unwind.* SERVICE: On a Friday night during prime time, service was a little slower than we liked...almost to the point where we were thinking of just getting our dessert to go. However, when our server, James, was around, he was helpful, knowledgeable, and lively. And he didn't give us a hard time when we did Restaurant's #1 Unmentionable: splitting the check 8 ways. Ouch, sorry James... One of the restaurant's owners, Mr. Tony Masraff, dropped by to chat with us for a bit and he was a delight. It's always a good sign when the actual owner of a restaurant visits with his patrons - it reflects well on the establishment and you can't help but feel pretty peachy and special afterwards.So...in the end, not a fan of their snobby hostesses. Big fan of everything else. And luckily, the bigger picture snuffs out the littler, trifling details.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,11/23/2012,155,207,2,12,6>A great Vietnamese restaurant in the Rice Village serving up deliciously authentic Vietnamese fare... but at steep cost.I'm very particular about my Vietnamese food, and I always go out of my way to the Bellaire area to find me a nice bowl of pho or bun. Over in Chinatown, I'm not only guaranteed flavor authenticity, but I'm also met with such affordable prices for my lunches and dinners that it makes me drive from the Rice area on a weekly basis to fulfill my Vietnamese food cravings. So you can imagine my immense interest and anxiety of waiting for NAM to open in the Rice Village, since I always see it on my commute to and from work. And once my prayers were answered, my hubby and I decided to dine at NAM for dinner on a Thursday night, and we were pleasantly surprised by our experience.The Restaurant: NAM's got the Pei Wei feel, with the huge menus on the wall to the left upon walking in and the few registers to take your order in the back.  Once you've placed your order with the cashiers, who are friendly and quick to help, they hand you a number and direct you to the super-Vietnamese condiment station.  Yes, that's right - super.  It's super because they have (almost) everything there for you that you could possibly want with your Vietnamese dishes.  And forget about having a heaping pile of veggies brought to your table that you will NEVER finish with your pho (typical pho places are so wasteful)! This condiment station has a mini veggie bar for you to pick the greens of your liking for you beautiful bowl of soup.  Clever and genius, if you ask me! The only things I wish they had at their condiment bar are their NAM fish sauce, some chili garlic sauce to make the fish sauce spicy, and some crushed peanuts for my vermicelli and rice dishes. There are plenty of tables to sit at, and service is quite prompt and efficient.The food: Yes, this IS a (and dare I say the only?) place in Rice Village that serves authentic and tasty Vietnamese food! However, the prices suggest just how high their rent is for their restaurant:Viet Egg Rolls (Cha Gio) - 4.0 - This appetizer comes piping hot from the deep fryer, with 4 perfect rolls with lettuce for wrapping and NAM fish sauce for dipping. The egg roll filling is yumm-o with pork and mushrooms.  The only qualm I have with this dish is that its egg roll wrapper was ever-so-slightly too thick, making it chewy. Its price is pretty expensive too, at $6.25 a serving.The Un-PHO-gettable Pho - 4.0 - I must say they have a solid bowl of pho.  It's just the right size, with just the right balance of noodles to meat.  The broth is a little thin for me, as if it hadn't been simmering in beefy goodness for more than 3 hours. It also had too much red onion, which is unusual for me to have in a pho dish. And again, its price ($8.95) is pretty high.The V-Bowl with Marinated Pork (Bun Thit Nuong) - 4.0 - Another great dish for lunch or dinner, this rice vermicelli dish is so delicious and healthy all at once.  Again, the noodle-to-veggie-to-meat ratio was great, and the meat was deliciously grilled to perfection.  Be sure to douse your dish with plenty of NAM fish sauce for flavor (I wish they gave me more!).  And for those who are hungrier, be sure to order their rice (com) platter alternatives.All in all, NAM gets a solid 4 stars in my book.  The only reason why it doesn't earn that extra star is because of the high prices.  (C'mon, $7.95 for a banh mi + a side soup? Really?) This may even be better than Huynh, which has a mean bowl of pho but terribly slow service!  NAM will definitely be the go-to place for me whenever I'm too lazy to drive 20 minutes out to Bellaire and willing to dish out a few extra bucks to get some yummy Vietnamese food. Highly recommended!TIP: Delivery and takeout are available too! So excited. :) And there's more parking behind the restaurant.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,11/22/2012,33,71,3,6,6>I like this Benjy's better than the one in rice village. I think the parking situation is better (decent sized lot with plenty of street parking) and it's more spacious so less of a wait (if any) to get a table. They are very good at accommodating large groups. They have a room off to the left of the entrance that can probably fit 40 people comfortably. The last two times I have been here have been for wedding related events. I was here recently for a friend's rehearsal dinner. It was buffet style and everything was on point. The chopped asian salad was fresh and crisp. The braised beef was so tender that you only needed a fork. The salmon was flavorful and flaky. We had pot stickers too, which looked good but were all gone by time I got my food, sad. I was pretty full after my first plate but I went back for seconds so that I would have that feeling of regret later that night. Well I still wished I had eaten more later that night, but that happens to me every time I'm at a buffet with really good food. In addition to the food, the service was excellent. We had two servers and they were very attentive. They didn't have to bring us food, but they were always refilling our drinks and they were very good about knowing what dishes we wanted served at what time. If you're looking to host a large group, check out benjy's. I don't think you'll be disappointed.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,11/21/2012,242,106,6,11,7>Maybe it was because it was 10 pm and I was starving, maybe it was the diversity of the menu, or even the really reasonable prices for sushi. I really liked their food, ther rolls, and also that they had a ton of different non sushi options for the non experimental latins I was dining with. I needed food ASAP so as we waited for our party of 11 to arrive we ordered edamame for the table that I had to dig into to keep my head from getting too fuzzy. Then looking over the menu I kind of wanted it all, the interesting tofu appetizers, the seaweed salad, different miso soups, udon noodles, 5 or 6 or even more vegetarian roll options, steamed or stir fried veggies, etc etc. I ended up trying the natto roll because I've always been curious! It didn't have much of a strong taste but it was very sticky and slimy! I had slime kind of clinging to my mouth that was probably not the most appealing thing to watch, but I enjoyed it! The hand rolls were just what the bf had been craving for weeks and only $4.50! He also got the fishy eggs thing that was pretty cheap for 2 full rolls of it. Other orders were the noodle soups, that I definately have to try! Udon is the only kind of pasta I enjoy, something about the texture is so comforting! And I love anything in broth. The beef and chicken teryaki's came with sides of salad and veggies and were perfect for said Latin Americans not into Asian foods, and the steamed fish just looked so cool and healthy in the foil packet! Not to mention the portion sizes. I like LOTS of food. I'll be coming back here for sushi dates for sure.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,11/20/2012,100,119,5,20,8>Hey craft beer drinkers! Have you heard the news? Houston's 5th and newest craft brewery is now offering tours! If you haven't been to one already, I'd highly recommend it.Buffalo Bayou Brewing was founded in 2011 by Rice and Harvard alumni Rassul Zarinfar and is backed by a team of 50 professionals ranging from corporate lawyers and accountants to microbiologists, Nasa scientists, and even a couple of homebrewers. With that kind of educated backing and management, it's no surprise that they have grown so fast and kept consistent high quality.Under the company mission "to create great craft beer that is unapologetically Houston", they have put a new twist on an old craft.  By combining cutting-edge technology and technique with wildly sourced flavors, their innovative beers break all the rules and radically alter the beer landscape, while paying tribute to their deeply traditional roots. Each brew has been well planned and prepared with a unique story behind it.Their flagship beer, the '1836', is definitely one to try. It's a copper ale that's flavorful and slightly sweet, yet highly drinkable. They also have other limited quantity releases. My favorite is their double IPA which apparently was the favorite among many others at the tour. They ran out before I could get a second!Their initial brewery tours are limited to 100 craft beer drinkers to ensure a great experience. When my wife and I first arrived, we were greeted by Rassul himself and given tasting tickets along with a full beer. Inside the brewery, they had set up picnic tables for seating, provided clean bathrooms, and had multiple serving lines with no wait. We will definitely be back for another visit!Tickets for the tour are $10 ticket which includes a glass and can be bought at:buffbrewtours-eorg.event
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,11/19/2012,125,92,9,39,9>I can now officially say that i'm a regular and here are the reasons why...Pros:-Regardless of who you get, you will have beautiful eyelashes!  I get the "cute" and loved it!-Waterproof!  -last about 6 weeks if you do nothing, but I would recommend getting them refilled every 3-4 weeks.  -Hang and Tina are the best -I always get a quick power nap when I go inCons:-Costly, they're my new "nail" obsession-Just like you brush your hair, you need to brush your eyelashes-Can't get them wet for the first 24 hours of getting them done, can be challenging-Making an appointment is tough!  They fill up VERY fast, must book 4 weeks in advanceTips:-never pay full price, they have first time specials (50% off), referral discounts, yelp discount and wait for their groupon/living social/bloomspot-Go to sephora/ulta and just get the free mascara brushes they use when you are sampling make up... they make for good brushes so you don't have to buy-I have weak eyelashes in the inside corner of my eyes so I request not to put eyelashes there as those tend to curl under in my eyeball
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,11/18/2012,64,143,6,16,8>The things women do to themselves...why?!This was the thought running through my head as I arrived for my appointment. "Stupid beach vacation. Why can't I go hiking instead?!"But the Pretty Kitty and its wonderful staff put me at ease.  I arrived 45 minutes early for my appointment (I really wanted to beat traffic home) but that was no problem, Laurie welcomed me back and said how she had two folks cancel that afternoon so my timing was perfect.  Laurie was wonderful! She was easy to chat with ("We keep it kosher here at the Pretty Kitty.") and reassured me that the pain would be minimal at times and ummmm more substantial at others.  Employing a Buddhist pain management technique ("Recognize the pain as a new feeling and focus on it diminishing..."), I found the experience not that bad.  Sure, some of it did hurt but my mind had built things up to a hysterical level.  My Anthrax shots were worse than this.Loved Laurie and loved this placed! Super girly, super clean!
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,11/17/2012,328,306,9,16,9>I may have been the lone holdout in Houston's foodie army to visit Uchi, but coincidentally the week I decided to take the leap turned out to include a visiting Paul Qui! A friend was lucky enough to snag an early reservation so off we went (even taking off work a bit early to make it!). Parking is pretty much just valet behind the building. All the spaces are a little tight, but not uncomfortably so. While waiting on the patio, you can get drinks and snacks. Staff was very welcoming and friendly. Our server was knowledgeable and thoughtful, offering suggestions and explaining the menu options. And here we go!hama chili - baby yellowtail, ponzu, thai chili, orange supreme: great opener, clean and refreshing, bright citrus, touch of heatbrussels sprouts - crispy brussels sprouts, lemon chili: salty, syrupy, savory goodnesskaki no shiki - kusshi oyster, lemongrass, green apple: fresh, nice acidity, apple almost overpowered the oysterkabocha japanese pumpkin and onion rings togarashi, white soy: great light and crispy tempura texture, tender vegetablesmachi cure - smoked baby yellowtail, yucca crisp, marcona almond, asian pear, garlic brittle: stack like nachos to get a bit of everything in one bite, a myriad of flavors and textures - sweet, salty, smoky, crunchy, tendermadai - japanese sea bream: very clean tasting fish (recommended by our server!) sugi gama - cobia, wild mushroom, thai chili, golden raisin, lime: beautifully perfumed broth, firm but flaky fish, hint of sweetness from the raisins, lime acid cutting through the rich flavorskaraage - fried marinated chicken, sansho pepper, seasonal pickle: tender chicken (thoughtfully prepared less spicy than usual for the baby at our table), spicy sweet pickled vegetables, including cauliflower and tiny brusselssunchoke dashi (pqui) - sunchoke, baby carrot, watermelon radish, uni, creme fraiche: cold, creamy, and refreshing "soup" over super crunchy vegetables, salty uni powder to highlight the natural sweetness of the vegtruffled congee (pqui) - koshi hikari, black truffle, lemon, collard green, shiro dashi: truffle was surprisingly light, creamy congee, salt from the dashi, lemon to cut the richnessjar jar duck - countryside farms duck, kumquat, endive, rosemary smoke: smoke smells an awful lot like weed (ahem or so I heard)... but once you get past it all the duck deliciousness comes through. Duck is tender and rich, endive is pickled for acidity, the kumquat is small but a perfect bright spot at the end of the bite.bacon tataki - pork belly, black lime, coriander citrus, espresso fish caramel: basically cubes of pork belly (which is never bad) in a great balance of sweet and salty, paired with fennel, some of which was thinly sliced and crisped up like a chipyokai berry atlantic salmon, dinosaur kale, asian pear, yuzu: a great palate cleansing dish of creamy salmon, crisp pear, salty and bitter kale (so good!), and blueberriesuni - sea urchin: just because uni crab (pqui) - peeky toe crab, uni, trumpet royal, yukon gold, cipollini: O.M.G. sweet crab, crispy chips, chewy mushrooms with an amazing rich uni broth poured around. Best dish of the night. Even thought about ordering another, but they were sold out! foie nigiri - seared foie gras, quinoa: also just because, and also fatty, savory amazingnesspeanut butter semifreddo - apple-miso sorbet: creamy and sweet with a mix of textures, and as we were told, tasted like pb&j when eaten all togetherfried milk - chocolate milk, toasted milk, iced milk sherbet: the signature dessert, rich but not heavy, another good balance of flavor, texture, and temperature What a fantastic meal! Yes, we were there for 3 hours, and no, it wasn't cheap. But yes, it was totally worth it :)
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,11/16/2012,427,838,8,16,16>Holy spicy meatball, does Pizaro's make an excellent pie. I daresay it rivals Luigi's for the best pizza in Houston.I have a nasty habit of playing the "it's not as good as..." game (as in, that beef bourguignon is not as good as the one I had in Paris). Now, I'm a New York slice guy, and I've eaten pizza in Italy, but I've never been to Naples. I will, however, boldly venture that if and when I do go, a Pizaro's pizza will compare favorably.That's because Pizaro's owner Bill Hutchinson has made every effort for authenticity. He is VPN certified, and no, that has nothing to do with the remote access key you use at work. The wood-fired brick oven, which spits out pizzas in 90 seconds, was actually crafted in Italy and shipped to Houston. And the ingredients: my, oh my. Perfectly made dough from Italian flour, house-secret sauce derived from San Marzano tomatoes, and nothing but the best mozzarella (with an upgrade option to Bufala, if you must).Now, this isn't pizza for your Domino's crowd. Pizzas aren't cheap, it's easy to demolish half a pie and still feel hungry, and take-out is almost a waste of the artisan, ready-to-eat nature of the product.Almost. I'm sad to say that both times I've been to Pizaro's, it was for take-out, as it is close to my work but not to my home. For the Bunker Hill/Spring Branch residents, this is the perfect neighborhood place. For the kids: it makes pizza, a natural childhood favorite. For the adults: it doesn't just make pizza. It makes Napoletana pizza. That's GROWN-UP. Oh, and it's BYOB!OK, now to talk about the star of the show: the pizza. If you're unsure how to start, go with the margherita, the gold standard of Italian pizza. At Pizaro's, it's simply made: sauce, cheese, and diced basil. The best way I can put it is it has an understated awesomeness about it. The flavor and magnificence doesn't overwhelm you; instead, it seeps into your pores until you say to yourself, "Dang. That tasted GOOD."As you start to get more adventurous, check out Pizaro's specialty pizzas. My second try was the patata e funghi, a delicious concoction of truffle oil, Yukon gold potatoes, mushrooms, mozzarella, rosemary, and garlic. Even without my precious red sauce, I found it delicious.Go bolder by picking your favorite ingredients. If you're a meat-lover, try some prosciutto, speck, or Italian sausage. For heat seekers, the imported Calabrian peppers are divinely spicy. Or add some drops of truffle oil and let your nose go to work.As previously mentioned, Bufala mozzarella is also an option, though I feel it's wasted when melted into pizza. The regular mozarella works just fine on the margherita. If you want a taste of the bufala, the huge chunks in the caprese salad is the way to go. Having the thickened balsamic vinegar to top on the caprese is just an added bonus.The far west location will be a nuisance to ITLers, but the trek is worth it. And hey, while you're out there, you may as well drive a little bit south and hit up Burger Guys and Phoenicia to maximize your gas to gastronomy ratio.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,11/15/2012,124,325,6,10,8>WOWZA!!!!!!Had a teambuilder with my coworkers at HMNS and this was the chosen place for lunch. PHENOMENAL FOOD AND SERVICE!I'm not big on grilled cheese but this was their staple so I went with it. The owner was working the register and took all 8 orders. You can customize the grilled cheese so i chose white with american and she instantly stopped me. Told me to experiment and do something different so I let her help me chose -- WIN! French loaf, 3 cheeses- I think she said cheddar, fontina and something else, turkey, tomatos and sprouts - DELISH! Also ordered tator tots which were good -- not greasy at all.For dessert, my coworker Jesse and I split an order of fried bananas and ice cream - can we say OMG? The fried bananas come with a hazelnut dipping sauce and all I have to say is sweet perfection. And for the location - so close to the zoo, museums, etc, the prices were beyond reasonable, almost on the verge of cheap.I am truly a fan and since it is close to work (and home), I will def hit it up again. Even told my guy that next time he visits, we are going to hit this place up.Two gigantic thumbs up!
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,11/14/2012,447,558,3,13,8>Rosnovsky's is not a destination restaurant, but if you're in the area and want a traditional burger, they offer a perfectly acceptable meal at a reasonable price.  Honestly, the place looks a little run down.  And there's nothing else on that corner that I would ever recommend you visit, but at Rosnovsky's for $12 you can get 2 burgers, 2 fries, and 2 drinks. The burgers are decent sized, and while not exotic or creative, they are fresh, lean, and tasty. I actually like their onion rings even better than their fries. Next time you're in Garden Oaks/Oak Forest, don't hesitate to give this place a try, even if it is a little scary outside.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,11/13/2012,284,893,,13,7>Located next to Pearl Bar, this is the old Salt Bar. They did some great renovations. There are now wood floors and a great patio area with a large TV. All of the artwork and decor are Texas, and more specifically, Houston themed. See pics.I came here last night to watch some Monday Night Football. There are tons of TVs in here. I was super excited when I saw Karbach and St. Arnold's Oktoberfest on tap. I can't wait to come back on a Saturday and watch some college football!Another awesome thing - there is a private parking lot that is FREE during the week before 9:30. Pretty hard to find on Washington!!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,11/12/2012,85,161,3,11,4>This restaurant is any "Foodie's" Dream Fanasty. Imagine Iron Chef Kitchen Stadium, infront of you!! Most of the seating is centered around the Open Kitchen, which by the way is Impeccable. You get to watch your food being prepared and it is truly an interactive experience. The Wine list is great, because they have good wines at different price ranges. They also offer a 5 course tasting menu, which basically gives you 1/2 portion of nearly all of the items on the a la carte menu. This is the way to go, for the price: especially if it is your first time. The attention to detail in this restaurant blew me away- salt scrub in the women's bathroom, le creuset pots scattered around the restaurant, knives that sit upright and steak knives engraved with the restaurants name on them, whipped butter served in a cute little pot- wow- this restaurant easily, easily can hold its own among top restaurants in NYC, not to mention Houston. The crowd is not your average mid-town crowd, thank God! It is a sophisticated, conservative crowd who is there for the good food and wine, not there to be "seen" My night ended satiated and highly satisfied- Reccomend this place, and will be adding to my favorites list. Oh, and the 3 best things on the menu: Steak Au Poivre, Fois Gras (of course) and the Apple Tart served with home made icecream and a drizzle of Caramel.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,11/11/2012,364,610,,9,7>Wow, this place is not what I expected from old downtown La Porte!  We had been across the street at one of the funky old antique places and thought we would stop in and get a drink.  I was expecting one of those throwback to yesteryear type joints.  Boy, was I wrong.  Instead, it was a lovely, contemporary space with local art, fine coffee beans, a very nice imported beer selection and wines.  Not just wines to drink, wines by the bottle to buy.  And they had some obscure Italian wines, like Primitivo.  OK, you got me there...now you're telling me you have food like steak coated in gorgonzola and a cheese cake with Ancho chili sauce?  Really?  I'm all there.  We had unfortunately just eaten lunch, but I partook of a wonderful glass of Italian wine, bought a bottle of the same and a bottle of 100% Primitivo.  I also had chesecake.  Num!  The service was attentive and helpful.  The owner's husband helped me look over the wines and made suggestions.  It was really nice to visit with him about the wines.  We don't go down to La Porte often, but I think that we will consider doing so more often now.  If you live in the area or are down there and looking for something other than seafood or a burger, please do go by.  You might just find a favorite.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,11/10/2012,229,569,6,6,6>Nick's Place feel's like a bowling alley. . .  I'm not talking Lucky Strike either. I mean the real deal type of bowling alley, with the old school decor and awesome regulars. Oh--and minus the smell! I was in the neighborhood and passed the sign. I did my research right quick and shook my head as the low reviews came from people expecting gourmet bar food or something. The exterior is a give away that this place is not vying for a write up as the swanky new place to be in 002 or something. Instead, Nick's sign touts pizza, so that's where I put my money. Despite shaking my head at the low star reviews, I ordered gourmet on the pizza. I had a small four cheese and added pepperoni. O.K., so maybe I just ordered weird. Thing is, it's pretty solid pizza. It was like comfort pizza. Like there's the stereotype where a girl rewards herself with ice cream and chocolate--this is the man equivalent. This is what I'd binge on after a breakup. Bravo Nick's!
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2012,11/9/2012,120,112,3,13,13>I awoke this morning in a mild fog.  I ate too late.  Had Vietnamese Coffee at Van Loc close to midnight.  Didn't want to go to sleep at 1AM still in afterglow from a night out with friends.  Dinner at 'sparrow' was the impetus for our evening plans; we were excited to see what had become of 't'afia'.A strange inspiration hit me within minutes of the realization that sleep had ended.....too early considering how late I dozed off.  My mind became flooded with thoughts of 'sparrow' and the experience our group of ten had enjoyed just a few hours earlier.  This "review" may turn out to be more of a blog.  I will discuss the food and restaurant initially; however, readers interested in a more philosophical take may want to read past the usual eating establishment observations.Chef Monica Pope is in the process of transforming her labor of love 't'afia' into 'sparrow'.  The new interior is no longer mod-ish but industrial-rustic.  Yur and Becki van der Oord of Installations Antiques in the Heights have imbued the restaurant with machine shop chic;  a combination of natural textiles and re-purposed industrial parts.   I love cement and steel and natural wood.  To say the interior is simply "industrial" is not accurate because the intimate space remains warm, very tactile.  I want to touch all the surfaces.  Caressing the metallic, but textured bar or the irregular solid oak bar table is a physical connection with place that is an introduction to the common theme we observed; TOUCH.  "sparrow" connects in a visceral way that may be difficult to describe.  There is a spirit here that feels new.  It's more than the food.  The waitstaff make contact with each and every patron.  Eye contact.  A touch on the shoulder, a squeeze on the arm.  There is an intended connection, I sensed, with community.The Medjool dates are still here!  We were relieved.  See the bar menu for some of your t'afia favorites.  King Mackerel, with chermoula was hearty, a little over cooked, and almost cold when it arrived at our table.  Squash bisque was perfect.  Grits with black-eyed peas were a favorite at our table.  Bone-marrow, my second attempt, turned out to be better than than the last time I tried it.  It's creamy, but maybe an acquired taste.  Beef tartar with Japanese eggplant was spot on.  I shouldn't have shared it!  Must return and indulge.  Do not split with a friend!  It is too tasty and too small a portion to be generous.  Mac and cheese with peas and spec was delicious.  I could eat a bowl of that on a cold day in front of the tube...comfort food.  Swiss chard tasted like salt.  Maybe the soy reduced too long.  We didn't finish it.  The beef filet was divine!  Raves from very experienced diners.  From the bar menu, we ordered Rosemary biscotti with honeycomb and blue cheese.  Holy MOTHER OF GOD Batman!!  If Heaven is real, there must be honeycomb and blue cheese.  I said to friends at the table "How can we question whether a creator exists when we can enjoy such perfection."  I think honey is proof that God exists and loves us (...thanks Ben F.  I continue to steal your quotes).  Bring cash if you need to split your ticket.  It was a nightmare splitting for 10 people.  Our waiter was willing to split five ways only, causing a few people to pay almost double what they had consumed.  I was embarrassed and felt responsible.  Everyone seemed to be understanding.  It may not have gone over so well with a less motivated group.If you are still reading, I'm about to stray from the restaurant review.Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi writes in his book "flow - the psychology of optimal experience":"The key element of an optimal experience is that it is an end in itself.  Even if initially undertaken for other reasons, the activity that consumes us becomes intrinsically rewarding.  Surgeons speak of their work: "It is so enjoyable that I would do it even if I didn't have to." Sailors say: "I am spending a lot of money and time on this boat, but it is worth it - nothing quite compares with the feeling I get when I am out sailing."The term 'autotelic' derives from two Greek words, 'auto' meaning self and 'telos' meaning goal.  It refers to a self-contained activity, one that is done not with the expectation of some future benefit, but simply because the doing itself is the reward."Csikszentmihalyi goes on to discuss how perception of time is warped during flow experiences.  I heard Amy Grant once say that the things you do where you lose track of time and are fully immersed in a creative process are a connection to divine purpose.  I believe that 'sparrow' exists because Monica Pope has tapped into flow.  She exudes a sense of purpose.  Last night, time itself seemed to be altered while we were at sparrow.The experience of sparrow is more than the food.  We came for food, some perhaps for celebrity, but we received connection, community....and happy palettes, and full tummies.  Still beaming inside........
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,11/8/2012,278,508,14,9,6>I've seen some fish stores in my time as a young clown fish in California.  I used to go with my dad, Marlin.  Then, I swam upon The Fish Gallery.  Never have I seen such a clean store with beautiful displays, a very good selection, and an amazing and knowledgeable staff.  I was really impressed with the range of services provided including 24/7 on-call help in case your scaled friends need an extra hand... or fin as it were.You can easily spend big bucks here, as the tanks and species (plant-ish, fish-ish) can get more elaborate and exotic!  (I say "ish" because biologically I'm not sure all species sold here fall under these taxonomy classifications.)They sell tanks, decor, lights, saltwater fishes, koi, Chinese goldfish, plant life and coral, pebbles, freshwater fish, agressive, semi-aggressive, non-aggressive... the list goes on!  Sharks, eels, seahorses, star fish.  My geeky scientific roommate exclaimed, "Echinoderms and blue lobsters!"  Shrimp.  (Remember, "Fish are friends, not food!")  Ohhhh, and the awesome yellow sea cucumbers!It's amazing, and they have decently long store hours.  Try not to get too carried away, or you might find it hard to es-ca-pé.  I will admit that although you'll see Crush, Dori, and others, you won't find it terribly useful to speak whale here...Overall, you'll have a good time, even if you're just looking.  Try to say hi to the little longhorn cowfish for me.  What a cute, flirty li'l guy!  Hi, I'm Dori.  What's your name?
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2012,11/7/2012,48,167,12,11,8>The best dessert place I've been to in Chinatown. We actually went here the day after we returned from Paris and thought the macarons were comparable to Ladurée. That sounds crazy, but it's true. They aren't overly sweet. Make sure you try the more peculiar flavors like lavender.The real highlight here is the cream puffs! We're kind of addicted though, so we don't visit Parisian Bakery every time we go to Chinatown. The beignets are also legit but will make you feel like a fatty. Oh wait, I am a fatty.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2012,11/6/2012,957,233,10,11,11>Washington has seen better days. During its "prime" I would visit Houston and often times Washington was always a solid go-to. Diverse crowd, a mix of clubs/bars and ample cabs to get home... oh, and pizza guys. Tons of pizza guys. One of them even sold me a phone charger once when my phone died... go figure.Fast forward about three years. Houston, being the fickle city as it may be, has bounced to other "cool" areas. Midtown is growing, Montrose is hip and west ave is swanky... all while Washington is trying to hold on to its clientele (loafer wearing polo shirt post-college frat guys). It is putting up a fair fight.Taps is probably one of my favorite places on Washington. Anyone who knows me knows that I do not fit in with its "typical" clientele. I am not a frat guy. I don't own a single polo shirt nor do I own any cargo shorts (I mean really... how much stuff could you possibly want to carry to justify wearing cargo shorts to a bar?!). What I will give taps credit for is their beer selection and games. In my humble opinion, their selection of beers is a few notches behind flying saucer yet a few steps ahead of yardhouse. For you beer drinkers, this is more than acceptable. Almost every time I pop in they have new IPA's/double IPA's, Belgians and local brews. The bartenders are usually pretty knowledgeable when it comes to taste. A few weeks back I requested rodeo clown double ipa. They were out, but suggested a similar double ipa (I am bad, forget the name) which turned out to be amazing... if not better. Not only is it important for a bar to have a great selection it is also important for the staff to be knowledgeable of what they have and this is where taps excels for Washington standards. They have a few arcade games and bean bag toss out back (see: frat bar) which tends to bring the patrons together as alcohol doesn't do this enough. Few tips: avoid the weekend crowds; this place gets packed with frat guys. Not only is it sardine packed, but some of the clients obviously have a chip on their shoulder and will make it a point that you know. There is a punching bag game near the front door that has a line of affliction/Hurley bros punching a bag whilst gripping on to a bud light. Mixing alcohol with high testosterone and low self-confidence is a hilarious mix. For a good show, stand back and watch this act of "manliness'... it's quite entertaining.Also, yelp has a check-in special. It changes from time to time but last time I got a free beer out of it. it may not be much, but a free beer is a free beer.Cheers!
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,11/5/2012,115,296,4,17,7>This is my new favorite restaurant in town. I like it more than all the other new restaurants including Uchi and Underbelly. I like that the tasting menu prices are not completely outrageous, and it's still super good.We got the 7 course tasting menu at $75. The menu changes quite often so they probably won't have what we had by the time y'all read this. However, the bass was one of the dishes and it was the best bass I've ever had in my life. Before Oxheart, Candela in San Diego held that place in my heart (even better than a ton of sea bass I had in Chile). It was perfectly prepared. When fork met fish, it just fell off and then melted in my mouth. Delish.I also really loved the okra dish. It was the perfect marriage of crunchy okra seeds with the mushiness of the actual okra. Awesome.The wine (and beer) pairings were perfect and they don't give you just a taste. They fill 'er up! Not gonna lie, I left dinner super buzzed.Service was great. Be prepared to sit really close to your neighbors. We got lucky and didn't have to wait 6 weeks for our reservation, but in normal circumstances, have that expectation. Parking is street side.This building used to be the old Ray's Franks/hot dogs location.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,11/4/2012,287,298,4,17,12>About a month ago I notice the Olde Heidleburg restaurant was replaced by Harvest Live Grille & Bar. With a name like that, I knew the food choices would be organic & healthy. While some of the menu items seemed contradictory to healthy (like the burger), the majority of the menu is laden with delicious sounding, good for you items. The interior is rustic-chic & I noticed that the kept some of the Olde Heidleburg charm. We were greeted immediately & seated in the bar/ lounge area. Our server was a bit green behind the ears and while he seemed nervous & "rehearsed", the service we received was professional & courteous. He gave us the welcome to Harvest spiel, took our drink order and we were left to peruse the menu. Everything looked tempting: from the crab cakes, ceviche or edamame dumplings listed under appetizers, vegetarian specials, burgers & sandwiches, grilled skewers, pasta to the house specialties. But what stood out for me was the harvest pesto pasta with the option to add a protein (chicken, shrimp, tofu or beef). I adore pesto during the summer months so my mind was easily persuaded to stop reading the menu. H decided on the grilled beef skewer with the baked sweet potato. For $5 extra we added the harvest raw salad bar ($13 if you want to make the salad bar your meal). The salad bar is tucked in a corner and everything looked fresh & popped with gorgeous colors. Wait a minute...is that kale? Yes, I am in heaven. I grabbed a plate & filled it with chopped romaine & kale. I topped it all off with assorted veggies and their pesto-honey dressing. The sweetness of the dressing went really well with the kale. My only complaint is the plate choice at the salad bar; they are square and for some reason I had a hard time keeping things on the plate (and I fixed a small salad). I think there are bowls offered, go for one of those in lieu of a plate. Our meal was served a bit after finishing our salads and Oh Heaven! did it smell divine! Basil, cilantro & garlic perfumed the air, making my stomach scream to feed it. The pesto was served on spinach fettuccine with chicken and topped with fresh tomatoes. The chicken was cut into bite sized pieces with a tender consistency which went well with the pesto. Oh the pesto! A perfect combination of basil, cilantro, garlic & olive oil. My last experience with pesto was heavy on the olive oil but Harvest's version is balanced. H loved his meal, saying the beef was cooked perfectly, tender & juicy. He also loved the corn & baked sweet potato. I am very keen to try their handcrafted cocktails (which start at $8 for premium spirits!). Perhaps happy hour? Anyone?Delicious food, great service and reasonable prices will definitely bring me back to this delightful place
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,11/3/2012,413,275,13,13,11>Hi, my name is Erica and I'm addicted to kim chi fries.wooo that felt good to get off my chest. I spent many nights craving, dreaming, and reminincing about the good old days when I had Chilantro's on the weekly.During my Austin college years, this taco truck was a block away from my apartment. I had at it at least once a week either walking back from class or after a night of belligerence on 6th street. There's nothing like savory kimchi fries and bulgogi tacos to finish off a good night.I could hardly contain my excitement when I saw Chilantro's in Houston! I had to pinch myself - is this a dream come true?Now they are located 5 miles from my office and have enabled my weekly-must have addiction to kim chi fries and korean bbq tacos. There is nothing else in the world like Kim Chi Fries. I am addicted to french fries especially when they are lathered in a creamy, spicy sauce, kimchi, cheese, bulgogi and tofu. I get both beef and tofu in mine. The tofu is fried and marinated in a tasty sweet sauce. The bulgogi burger is great too when I want to change it up. The sweet, savory marinated beef bulgogi is so yum in between a buttery sesame bun.Thanks Chilantro for continuing my addiction and making my dreams come true.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,11/2/2012,83,111,24,17,14>THIS REVIEW IS FOR ALL MY GUYS.  HEED MY WORDS.Crepes aren't a man food, and "Sweet Paris" isn't really a chest-out name to say... but my god your girlfriend/girl you're seeing/girl you want to see will LOVE IT.Yes, that's right, this adorably decorated Rice Village creperie will be a win for your lady friend, and therefore a win for you.  You might not appreciate it, agree with it, or even understand it, but your oh so lucky courtee's eyes will sparkle with excitement, her lips will purse with the sweet cooing sound of "oooh!", and her once carefully guarded heart might show a kink in its armor.  Sweet Paris' decor is an explosion of Easter blue and French cafe effects.  Cute little Eiffel tower number holders, a giant plush booth that lines the entire wall, white ceiling and rafters, and chandeliers with romantic dim lighting will all soothe her brow and make her think you're a man of excellent taste (when you're really just another dude if you went here solely on my recommendation) with a thoughtful mind, and an acceptance of your feminine subtleties.To you, the gate at the entrance is to stop thieves and vandals.  To her, it's a renaissance homage that fits perfectly into the theme.  It welcomes her into the City of Romance, Bowchickawowowww.To you, the chalkboard stand outside is a way for the business to let their potential patrons know their hours of operation.  To her, it is a cute French style board with welcoming baby blue and pink chalk marks carefully penned into words with swirling letters as if to emulate the savory aromas that will rise from the delicious buttery crepes.To you, the young Asian with the beret behind the cash register is just another guy trying to make a living.  To her, he is a monsieur ready to a serve a well educated and tasteful gentleman (you) and his madame (her).To you, the crepe is an inefficient French quesadilla.  You will feel as if there isn't enough food to justify the $18 (excluding drinks) you just paid.  You will wonder if you can eat it without a fork or knife, but instead with your grubby hands.  SHE WILL NOT.  She will think you knew exactly what you were going to pay and that no amount of money is too small for her affections.  She will think that a man who eats with a fork and knife is a man worthy of her graces.  A man who controls his portions is also a specimen of good health and therefore a beacon of excellent decision making (and a good gene donor).  She loves decisive men.  She will also feel as if you are a regular patron there, because you will hand the cashier your payment (go for plastic without a picture of Optimus Prime) before he can even tell you the price.  Remember, money is no object and you already KNOW she and the food are worth it.  Impress her by ordering an expresso or cafe au lait.  YOU ARE A CONNOISSEUR, SO ACT LIKE ONE.Do not order a ham and cheese crepe.  You are not a 6 year old, but a MAN.  You will think "OH SHIT I LOOOVE ME SOME HAMMY AND CHEESY," but do not give into your caveman instincts.  She must believe your taste has evolved, that your palate is only for the culinary creations of the utmost caliber, that you are a man she can move forward with!  Comment on FOREIGN INGREDIENTS as if you are considering them.  Things like brie, truffle oil, prosciutto, capers! DO NOT TRY TO SAY THINGS YOU CANNOT PRONOUNCE, OR YOUR COVER IS BLOWN.  During your lunch or dinner date, make sure to savor every bite.  Do not scarf it down, Garfield. Offer her a taste of your crepe.  Hell, even offer to share if you're brave.  Of course you're brave!  EAT THE INCLUDED SALAD.  I know, I know; It's rabbit food!  Unfortunately, that's also life; she will eat it and therefore you must show that you can appreciate it too.Don't order desert there. Tell her "listen here, my sun and stars, mon cheri, I got something better in store for you." JK, don't say that shit. Just say that you have a better idea for desert and that y'all should go for a quick stroll beforehand.Walk her across the street after making it evident that you just looked both ways.  Ladies like to feel protected, and you will safeguard her from getting put into distress by perilous automobiles. You are her knight in shining armor. Do not wear anything shiny.Continue walking south until you reach another Rice Village gem, The Chocolate Bar.  This destination is dual purpose.  It will tell her that you know Rice Village, her 3rd most favoritest retail haven in Houston (teehee!) , and it'll also give you an opportunity to flex your sophistication even in the face of something as simple as chocolate.  Consider things with nuts, scary and unfamiliar flavors (anything but choc/vanilla), and velvety cake slices.  Avoid sprinkles and chocolate covered strawberries as they're both too creepy. The rest is up to you, soldier. You must take your momentum and charge forth even deeper into the mysterious world of courtship. Because I've hit the 5000 character limit.4 stars.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,11/1/2012,233,113,10,11,11>It is what you think it is.. Plus more. A wide variety of chocolate and non-chocolate ice creams, TALL cakes served by the slice or whole, chocolate cookies and cupcakes, etc.The chocolate tres leches is yummy and the Boston cream cake is freakin' delicious! It's an extremely moist yellow cake and a thin layer of ganache on top. Holy smokes batman, it is gewwd! They have gourmet chocolates to the right of the store.. and they have a small selection for sugar-free chocolates :) They have "chocolate" (carob) dipped dog bones for your dogs! Dog friendly sections are appreciated.It's such a fun bar.. Even though it doesn't fulfill my Willy Wonka's Chocolate factory dream, it sure gets close to it. So don't go trying to eat the chairs or lick the walls.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2012,10/31/2012,193,129,5,12,7>If I had to describe my ideal coffee shop, this would be it!Great drinks, spacious seating, simple but elegant decor, reasonable prices, chill vibe, super friendly staff, plenty of plug sockets, fast wifi, and a laid-back crowd.  Food menu is decent too - much more than I'd expect from a coffee shop.  What more can you ask for??This is the perfect place to grab a quick drink, study, surf the web, or just plop down on a couch and read.  If I lived close by, I'd be here all the time :)
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,10/30/2012,476,176,9,9,9>I LOVE good Turkish food!!  Eastern Mediterranean food in general is great. Houston has loads of small Turkish places, but when a friend wanted to meet for lunch here, I was eager to go, as I love trying new places. Often (generally) I'm underwhelmed, but not this time. Istanbul Grill really impressed me.It's a small place tucked away in the heart of "I'm rich and tacky, so worship me" Rice Village and for that reason, I had my doubts, but this little place couldn't be less pretentious. Laid back decor, great food, really good waitresses, and it won't break the bank. What more could you want from a restaurant?  I recommend you try the dish called Iskander Grill. Honestly beyond delicious!!If you're in Rice Village and tired of the wanna be millionaires (don't look directly at them, it'll burn your retinas) and you just want to chill out and relax with some great Turkish food, this is the place for you. For my money, and it was my money, one of the better Turkish places in the city. Oh, if you see me, yes, I DO love baklava, thank you!!
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,10/29/2012,24,66,8,14,10>First off, this place looks scary!  Outside and inside.  But if you can get past that, then you will get some tasty Korean food here.  There is an initial challenge of trying to find this place since their sign is half gone on the shopping center's pylon sign but just look for the green windows.If you are looking for a Korean BBQ joint, where you just want the grilling experience, this is not your place because you aren't able to grill your own meat. But from what I saw, I think you can just order some of the meats and they cook it in the back for you.It is run by an elderly husband and wife couple (which I found cute) where the husband takes the order and the wife is in the back helping others cook.The side dishes are amazing, probably the best I have had in Houston.  Everything is so fresh and they even bring out this cold Kim-chi soupy thing which I loved along which a couple of other side dishes that I haven't seen at other Korean restaurants in Houston.  By the time our entrees came out, I was so full by just the side dishes alone that I had to force myself to eat my entree.Instead of the typical white rice, they bring you out a purple rice that has a little bit of black beans mixed in to give it that color.  It is supposedly healthier for you.They also give you "bori-cha" which translates to barley tea.  I grew up with this tea so it was pretty nostalgic for me.  I'm not sure how other people would like this tea.I ordered Kalbi-Tang which is a beef boned soup. The portion sizes are HUGE, packed with a generous portion of meat and very flavorful.  My companion ordered some kind of goat dish.  I didn't get a taste of his but it looked good and his portion size was pretty generous as well.We also ordered a side of the dumplings in the pan fried style and it was packed with meat, it was huge and we could barely finish them all.If you want authentic home-styled Korean food, this place is a definite must try. You will most likely end up leaving with a to-go box since their portions are Texas Sized.  I know its a new favorite for me.  I'm actually not sure how I never heard of this place.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2012,10/28/2012,86,91,,9,6>For me seafood in Houston has always been a huge let down especially when I compare it to the west coast where I have had some of the best...well Chef Aquiles Chavez has changed all of that. La Fisheria is not tex-mex, its fine mexican seafood cuisine. Yes the prices are $$$, yes the portion sizes are smaller compared to the "we do it big in Texas" attitude, yes the decor is quirky, and yes they serve receipts in little beach bags, but at the end of the day you are coming here for a taste of Chef Chavez's art and amazing skill in combining flavors. Simply put...the meal was incredible. btw I have no complaints with the service.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2012,10/27/2012,88,98,5,13,7>We'd been to Waterman several times before Ike and its closing after that storm was our loss. So we headed out there for dinner as soon as we learned it had reopened. The location is beautiful with a perfect sunset view over the water. Outdoor improvements are obviously coming along and indoors the place is in perfect shape. One would never know that several years have elapsed since the doors last admitted us.The first thing I noticed upon entering, other than the beautiful wood the place is made of, was the delicious and hunger-inducing aroma coming from the kitchen. We were seated quickly by a window as we requested. We preceded the arrival of the liquor license, and forewarned had brought a bottle of wine with us (all should be fully functional after the grand opening in late May). Our waitress did not rush us to order and uncorked the wine for us.Everything on the menu looked good and we wanted to try out as many items as possible. So I chose Lobster Bisque as a first course, and my companion a house salad. The Bisque was creamy but light, and not too sweet with the hint of sherry, yet a bit salty for my preference,. Chunks of fresh crabmeat tastied it up but it was a bit short on flavor and something of a disappointment. The salad was everything you could want: fresh greens, onion, tomato, and cucumber in a deliciously light blue cheese dressing.I craved a shrimp entree so I selected the Tequila Shrimp. Several of the lovely crustaceans arrived sautéed in tequila, olive oil, onion, garlic, tomatoes, cilantro, and lime juice. The sauce was juicy and savory with the perfect touch of lime. Sides of crispy roasted potatoes and lightly stir-fried asparagus were the perfect accompaniment; the best vegetable sides I've enjoyed in awhile.My dining companion chose the grilled Southwest Snapper. A fine filet was tortilla-crusted and dressed with pico de gallo, avocado, lump crabmeat, and lemon butter. The snapper was crunchy on the outside and perfectly tender and flavor-infused on the inside. The same vegetable sides were perfection. He announced that this was the best preparation of this popular dish that he has found.We could not leave without checking out a dessert. We were tempted by Tres Leches cake, but opted for the Bread Pudding with bourbon sauce and ice cream. We were fortunate to share this huge serving. It was very tasty, if a bit dense, and the sauce was what we expected. We cleaned the plate.The menu has something for everyone: some appealing salads that could serve as a meal; seafood grilled, fried, or blackened; beef, chicken or pasta dishes; even lamb chops.If you knew Waterman in the past, you'll be happy to discover it anew. If you haven't been there before you must try it out. The food is excellent, staff is friendly, and the ambiance of the place is like nowhere else in Galveston. Enjoy!
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2012,10/26/2012,320,247,7,19,15>For those who live around this area...you should definitely check this place out and try the sandwiches!I had lunch nearby and since I drove so far to have lunch, I thought I would pick up some stuff for dinner.  A buddy of mine suggested Nguyen Ngo and I trusted his input (along with the Yelp reviews).I bought three sammies:tomato based sardinedac biet - vietnamese cold cutribeye and onionEVERYTHING WAS GOOD.  I requested that the sammies come with the mayo, veggies and pate!!  My hub and I enjoyed it very much..there was the perfect amount of pate, mayo and veggies..yum.The service was great when I placed my take-out order.  It's a young group of people working the restaurant so they are way more personable compared to the elder viet workers at other viet places.If you live/work near here, this place is definitely worth a try.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,10/25/2012,439,301,28,15,16>Drive thru daiquiris and margaritas on the go...whaaat I'm in that thang like a chicken wang!!!!! Take a couple of sips on the ride home. Wait, I meant you should put that drink in your cup holder and stare at it until you safely arrive home. Yeah, cause that's what I do.STRONG drinks and they have a HAPPY HOUR Monday - Friday 3-6pm! Ok I admit to spiking my HH drinks from Sonic but when there was no licka at the crib, I decided to stop and wet my whistle after a long day at the plantation. Sometimes a quick and convenient drink is all you need or have time for to have a relaxing evening after a hard day's work.HH prices are about a dollar less than regular prices: $3 - 12oz  $5 - 20oz  $8 - Quart + other varying daily specials on drinks, extra shots, and food. Over 30 flavors to choose from or they will let you combine any of your choice, you are sure to find something that hits the spot.I haven't tasted the food but the drinks were yum yum, definitely tasted the alcohol and the drive-thru filled up quick but went by even quicker. Guess I wasn't the only one having a hard day. They accept credit cards which is a super duper bonus for non-cash carrying folks like myself.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,10/23/2012,215,403,12,18,16>It's all about the bread.Take it from a girl who moved here from New Orleans--when it comes to the regional sandwich, the key is getting the right bread.  And they bring it in direct from New York.This place knocks it out of the park on the sandwiches alone.  #1 on the menu is the Papa Geno's Steak & Cheese.  The provolone is a perfect gooey consistency, and coats the delicious steak and onion mash on that pillowy bread...it makes your mouth water.  The #2 is more classic Philly, with Cheez Whiz instead of the provolone.  As much as I love man's answer to natural cheese, it is a clear #2 when compared to the former sandwich.  The Cheese Whiz is too fluid for my tastes...I'll let the Philly-stines keep the product sales up.Scientifically speaking:Papa Geno's Provolone (melted) Viscocity = 100 cPCheez Whiz (melted) Viscocity = 0.1 cPI had the cheese fries, which were a little lackluster.  The server at the counter flipped my fries over when she handed them to me, making the inside of my bag a nice neon orange.  Unfortunately, denuded of the magical elixir, the leftover Whiz coating turned into shellac.  The fries looked like a piece of modern art.#1 Cheese Steak!
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,10/22/2012,109,105,,6,5>Although Phoenecia Deli will always be my FAV spot for Mediterrean, after one visit, this place is my second!  The service is IMPECCABLE- the manager (maybe the owner) personally waited on our party of 15 and we could not stop talking about his service.  The feta cheese with the fresh pita bread filled us up quickly, but luckily, we had room for the moist and tender chicken!  The hummus is perfect, with the right balance of garlic and onion.  If you like trying out new restaurants, this place is a must!
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2012,10/21/2012,115,42,3,12,9>L'Olivier means "the olive tree," and you can see the visual pun on chef Olivier Ciesielski's name cast in leafy, reddish shadows on the brick walls and gleamy zinc tabletops of his new French restaurant. In a home of his own, former Tony's executive chef Olivier Ciesielski's modern Franco-American bistro fits in perfectly with the rest of his eclectic mix of Lower Westheimer neighbors. The patio is casual and playful, the bar elegant and refined, the dining room sumptuous yet modern. The menu and the impressive wine list offer relatively inexpensive French standards like Boeuf Bourguignon with nontraditional offerings, such as a tropical ceviche in pineapple and yuzu juice. The menu offerings are frequently updated, prepared with fresh produce, and feature innovative items and seasonal creations, all with the signature taste and artful presentation of Chef Ciesielski.L'Olivier is a fantastic addition to Houston's restaurant scene. On a recent visit each course was well thought out and perfectly executed by Chef Olivier. Sommelier extraordinaire, James Watkins, was tableside to offer advice. Chef Olivier was kind enough to allow me into his very busy kitchen to speak with him. He revealed himself to be an extremely competent, hard-working, talented and humble man possessing an extraordinary skill for creating dishes that are at once both innovative and savory. On my next visit I'll ask James' permission to take a peak in the cellar with him to check out his organizational system and the restaurant's amazing collection of wines. In addition to numerous splurge bottlings, they have over 100 wines which are affordably priced at under $65 on their list.I look forward to trying out their lunch menu soon. I highly recommend this establishment for their ambiance, quality, good value and service.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2012,10/20/2012,27,291,6,6,7>Much like David Attenborough I enjoy watching creatures in their natural habitat. At Empire Cafe you can watch hipsters in their natural habitat.There's the classic hipsters: drinking black coffee, wearing ripped tights under shorts in 100 degree weather, and trying to look ironic.Then of course the faux hipster: Drinking lattes and trying to look edgy while simultaneously showing off their $1000 handbag.I also really like the brunch here. They make a great cafe mocha. I had the Verdi (egg on spinach with sides of fruit and hashbrowns). The hashbrowns could have been brown-er, but other than that it was really good. The hubby enjoys the Italian toast. It's not French toast.. it's a good brioche that's just well toasted and covered in fruit. That probably makes it a bit healthier. The last time we went I had some type of oatmeal pancakes. They weren't as good as the eggs or toast I've had. The eggs Florentine is also really good. If you haven't had that before, it's eggs benedict for vegetarians.Although lunch/brunch seem to be their busiest times, it's a great place to lounge and enjoy a cookie or piece of cake anytime. Despite being very busy they got my picky dietary changes right. That alone is enough to elevate the cafe in my opinion.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,10/19/2012,180,247,2,9,6>Great way to spend a Saturday afternoon. Live music, lawn chairs, sitting in the shade under a silo, talking to friends and drinking great beer. Its also dog friendly, how great is that!5 dollar admission will get you 4 beer tokens and a small souvenir glass. Be sure to purchase a large NL souvenir glass, it holds more beer :)You can bring snacks, they have a food vender as well. Free parking in the grass lot, you will only have to walk a few feet. Be sure to get here early, as it can get packed.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,10/18/2012,119,124,8,9,10>In the battle of the "The Flying Rock" vs "My Breakable Windshield", the loser this round was my breakable windshield. Damn you huge truck (Shakes fists in the air)! My poor car has been on a bad streak with a door ding now a crack in the windshield. I did a quick search for a windshield repair around my area and this one came up with really good reviews. It's located right at the corner of Westheimer and Fondren. There is a small white tent that has the windshield repair sign on it. It is run by Clint who is very friendly. I drove up and asked him how much to fix it and it only cost 20 bucks! He had a rolling tool box which had the drills, resin and etc...  And started working on my windshield. It took him about 15 minutes to seal up the crack. (Note: It's always better to get the crack fixed right away rather than waiting as the crack could grow). Lucky I was the first person there because three other cars pulled up after I did. Clint told me that he has been at this location for 15 years. Fast, efficient and professional are words that can describe the service here.  I hope not to be back again but if I have to then I'll be back at Clint Chips & Crack Windshield. Note to self: Stay away from trucks in Houston, if possible.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,10/17/2012,305,198,4,14,10>You know.... I never really thought much of this place before. My mom would just pick up interesting pastries and bring them home for us. I enjoyed most of them. Other times I couldn't help but think... "Who in the world thought this was a good idea?" Anyway, for nearly a decade and a half, I've been getting what my mom brings to me and have never once stepped foot into a Koryo Bakery. This summer after watching a Korean drama that made patbingsoo look really delicious, I saw that  Koryo was selling  fresh fruit shaved ice (patbingsoo). Talk about perfect timing! The weather was getting ridiculously hot and when the temperature hit its first over 100 degree index, I found myself headed to Koryo after church.I've had patbingsoo before it was never good. Rough chunks of ice with snow cone syrup and canned fruit? Bleh! But Koryo offered something completely different from what I was expecting.Sure, It had the same chunky ice and fruit.... but it also had small chunks of mochi, your pick of ice cream (the green tea was delicious) and a nice and creamy syrup. It was  the perfect way to cool down! And when  the green tea ice cream started to melt into the crushed ice, it created one of the more fantastic slurries I've tasted.They have a coffee patbingsoo option as well. No fruit! Just crushed ice and coffee with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top. YUM!
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2012,10/16/2012,30,171,1,7,8>I'm a coffee snob.  I use a micro-gram scale to measure my shots and am building a roaster.  I "kinda" know a little bit about coffee... but really nothing compared to these guys.  Their knowledge of coffee is... well, to draw from the Jack & the Beanstalk analogy... they're either giants... or magic beans... or both!  These are friendly, very awake people.  They're also passionate about coffee and willing to share knowledge.  They worked with me for quite a long time to understand my flavor preferences, discuss how to best achieve results with different beans, and, well, just a ton of stuff about coffee.  I adore finding people that love what they do.  There need to be more people like this in the world.This is NOT a cafe.  They're primarily a coffee roaster.  There aren't comfy chairs to sit in as you talk about coffee.  Instead, you stand amongst thousands of pounds of green coffee on pallets and, well, tell 'em what you like.  They'll make a roast/blend for whatever you want.  They even *shudder* make flavored coffees (bleck -- some people just have defective taste buds... or don't actually like/taste/appreciate coffee?).    So, while I went for single-origin stuff (although I did learn an interesting technique for making a s.o. blend, today -- kewl), you can get whatever you'd like.Again, this is a great place for coffee lovers, for those wanting something specific, and possibly for those ordering larger quantities.  It also smells nice, there (well, except for the "flavoured room").  They have a good reputation around town for a reason.  You can find their coffee at Central Market and a few other places.  NB: if you're making espresso, you need to consume coffee within 4-5 days of roasting (for best results/crema/flavor).
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,10/15/2012,387,536,6,10,8>My fellow foodies, Muneezeh K. and Kyle C., ventured to see what all the hype was about a few months after this placed opened. Inside decor is beautiful - all seats in view of the semi-open kitchen and a "glass room" hanging with meat that they butcher in-house. We were asked whether we want the "full Underbelly experience". Fascinated by what this could possibly mean yet confused / a smidgeon worried at what it may entail if we say yes, we were seated at the Communal Table. I guess our wide-eyes answered for us. The Communal Table is just a long table where you can dine with others and get the "full dining experience". Long story short - no one else ended up sitting next to us. Which was good cause we were able to comment / make orgasmic food noises as we pleased. Inside decor is classy and antique at the same time, with a twist of modernity. Dimly-lit, beautiful yet simple decor, and everything feels earthy, kind-of like you're in a tavern-like home. But home nonetheless.Their menu is constantly changing, depending on the seasons and what Mr Shepherd thinks of with Houston's local foods / ingredients, so I will list out a few of the ones that we tried that tends to stay on the menu from what I've heard. The menu that week veered more towards the Asian-side (coincidence?). We started off with some piping-hot rye bread with a delicious onion butter spread. For small plates, we ordered the Korean Dumplings, which reminded me of duk-bok-ki for those of you familiar with Korean food. Great spices and nicely prepared, though I was looking for something more on the American-dumpling side? Be prepared for small portions, btw. Especially for the small dishes (they aint joking on the name).For our main entree, we ordered Akaushi which came out on a piping hot black cast iron skillet with well-seasoned chopped veggies beneath a bed of beautifully sliced Wagyu beef. At first look, it seemed a little dry and lacked sauce, but once you bit into it, NO SAUS NEEDED, no sir. It was tender, full of succulent juices, and the roast rub they used was perfect - spread through every bite. There were large grains of honey mustard that were delicious as well and paired perfectly with the vegetables and beef. For dessert, I just remembered there being popcorn in ours. :) Delicious!We were lucky enough to see Mr Shepherd perusing around the kitchen, and Muneezeh K. and I were apparently making it obvious that we were about to pee in our pants because after Kyle C. convinced us (i.e. pushed us) to finally go and talk to him after our meal, he left us with a "you know, you girls don't have to be scared to come and talk to me". Thanks Mr Shepherd.. keeping it real. And us embarrassed. We will be back to redeem ourselves, promise.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,10/14/2012,466,956,5,11,8>Massages are awesome!! My friend Linh and I were pleasantly surprised when we went to Triple Tree for a foot massage. The ambiance is very relaxing and the massages are amazing. I was a little skeptical at first, since they massage through your clothes (I'm used to laying on a table in my underwear! lol). I have to say that I am a fan. I felt super relaxed after my massage. We got the 60 minute Reflexology for $30 and I thought it was worth every penny! It is a foot massage, but they massage your entire body. I don't think I'll be paying $60-80 bucks for massages anymore...I'm a fan!
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,10/13/2012,274,156,3,10,8>A lot of great things come in a box......like the delicious Greek food from this satellite location of the original Niko Niko's.  Read the reviews for the big store and expect the same quality, but a more compact menu. Not surprisingly, I find I enjoy my Greek food out in the wild at the beautiful Market Square Park.  As crowded as the original store is, I find that I'm more comfortable here in the wide open spaces.This a great lunch spot when the weather allows, and a great place to people watch.  I take great joy in seeing tourists buzzing around on their Segways around the historic square.  My Tip for You:  Daily Special is always a great value and chances are you'll be taking some of it back to the office (includes a hefty Greek salad).My Tip x 2:  Plan ahead:  There appears to be only a single bathroom on the side of the building (I've never had the patience to wait for it to open).
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,10/12/2012,223,269,13,9,13>I just don't get it. How do they make these simple cookies so good? We're not talking those hi-falutin', fussy cookies with fair trade chocolate chips and organic butter that was churned by some former financial analyst outside of Austin. Tiff's just makes the best darn simple chocolate chip, M&M and white chocolate macadamia nut cookies and snickerdoodles you'll ever find. They're perfect.I'm not embarrassed to admit that I've dreamt of these cookies. The cookies freeze beautifully too. I stash them in corners of my freezer to reward myself for finishing bags of frozen veggies and leftovers. Or really, just to reward myself for being awesome. All that nibbling through frozen stock hasn't yielded any further insight into how to recreate them at home though. I can only conclude that they have this special "baller salt" that they add a pinch of to the batter. Actually, that makes it sound as if  they're adding cocaine to the batter. That must be it.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2012,10/11/2012,77,240,8,11,11>Would have been five stars but the noise level of the live music was appalling. You couldn't hear yourself speak let alone anyone else and this was from the side seating near the check-out, not in the restaurant itself. The food was delicious, I had the curry prawn skewers and they were lightly seasoned and drizzled with Balsamic vinegar on a bed of eggplant. Perfectly cooked and despite the fact I usually prefer my curry to be extra spicy, this subtle curry flavor was more suited for this dish, it did not overwhelm the veggies. The sliders and salad were all pronounced good by my companions and we sampled the Happy Hour wine which was very tasty at $5 a glass. The best part was the service, our waitress was funny and kind and understands that if you work in a service industry it helps to smile at your customers. I may avoid the live music next time, or take earplugs, and although I may be 'the Mother of all Yelpers' it does not mean I don't appreciate good music, I would just prefer to eat in a relatively quiet environment where you can converse with your friends and then have my ear wax blasted into a zillion fragments in a different setting.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,10/10/2012,90,126,5,14,9>You know those people having fun making all those twisty turn-y moves at salsa clubs.  I'm not one of them.  I tried learning salsa by taking those free dance lessons at salsa clubs and I tried learning it online through Youtube but I ended up making me and any girl unfortunate to dance with me look really bad.  That's why I'm taking lessons here as apparently you have to put in some hard work to have fun.  No, this place isn't at the Omni hotel.  It's located near the corner of Richmond and Chimney Rock next to Popeye's chicken and an middle eastern restaurant.  The parking lot, which seem to be under some major construction at the time of this review, gets full as the time for salsa classes approaches.  The class room consists of a good sized dance studio.  Everyone checks in at the desk by the door to and writes their name on labels so everyone knows your name, but I could call myself "Cornelius" and no one could care less.  Class then starts up with everyone going though salsa drills:  basic steps, side steps, right turn, left turn, suzy qs, 3+3, slide, coombia(?) and others that I don't remember.  When I first went through this I was wondering if I was in the right class but If you don't know them all it's okay since they are all steps you will learn eventually as you go through the classes.  Everyone then guys and girls will pair up.  If there are more guys/girl during class, they would have the extras spaced between couples so that everyone gets to dance with a partner as rotation of partners goes pretty quick.  I did a full month for Salsa I in which I learned to do the basic steps, right turn, left turn, and the cross body lead.  We also learned how to lead and the hand positions while turning.  But what's important is that they help you learn by developing muscle memory so to speak and by dancing with several different people.  The class progression is as follows:  1 month at level I and 2 months at level II to advance to level III.  I still have a ways to go since my move set is still limited, I have to verbalize 1, 2, 3...5, 6, 7, move around with large steps, etc...but hopefully I'll be able to pull off impressive combos with out someone calling out the moves.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,10/9/2012,543,497,14,23,19>Okay...I know it is just a day later, but I could not stop thinking about getting another snoball!  Yesterday, I dealt with the female half of the ownership, and today, I had the pleasure of dealing with the male half of ownership, plus their daughter.  I have to say, that these people are beyond friendly...I can talk about how nice these people are, but I am sure you are curious to why I gave them the extra star!!!I had a blind eye to the sugar free flavors yesterday.  I NEVER see sugar free on a menu.  That is such an evil word to whereas I never have the desire to let those words creep out my lips without having soap and a bible handy!  The owner was so animate about making sure he had flavors that everyone could enjoy.  That consideration alone made them earn the 5th star.  He knew people are health conscience more and more each day.  He took lots of time to develop a wide assortment of sugar free flavors so those of us...well, them, with tiny waist could enjoy a New Orleans treat as well!Also being considerate of others, he made sure to let people know he has Tajin spice for their snoballs.  That is the spice that you find on top of a lot of Mexican candies...hard to describe the spicy, not so spicy, tangy, not so tangy taste of that spice, but he has it for all the people that make up the great state of Texas.  I already mentioned that he has treats for dog lovers as well, just another example of him thinking about the entire family.The owner also stated that he wanted people to experience all his flavors.  He is offering samples of flavors so you can really know that you want it before you purchase it.  This guy is looking to make sure you are not only a satisfied customer, but a repeat customer as well.I can go on and on about the great experience I just had with this establishment but just know one thing...they made the snoball juicy, so that let's you know how committed they are to excellence here!  Make your way here and taste the goodness!!!
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,10/8/2012,356,305,,8,7>Believe the hype people. This is hands down the best steakhouse Houston has to offer. The fact that I was able to take advantage of it during HRW was just the icing on the cake. I have been to the mountain top and it is Pappas Bros Steakhouse.From the time you walk in the door, your eyes are filled with sights and smells that excite you for the great meal you are about to receive. The dark wood interior screams classy, elegant and the smells coming from the kitchen are incredible. You see the plates being carried around and your mouth begins to water. The desert cart they have right there by the entrance also adds to your excitement.We were seated promptly after arriving for our 6:45 pm reservation. We had a table in the room off to the side of the main dining room which allowed us a more private dinner than others. There are only 5-6 tables in that area which gave us an intimate dining experience that was great. Our drink orders were taken and then we placed our orders.I started with the house salad with avocado ranch dressing. It was fantastic. Easily one of the best dinner salads I have ever had. It came with 2 strips of bacon crossed over the top. Very fresh and the dressing was amazing. My wife had the Caesar salad. It also was terrific. She said it was the best Caesar salad she had tasted. This was a great beginning to the meal. The bread they bring to you pre-meal is also delicious. Nice and crunchy on the outside, but soft and pillowy on the inside. Great with the butter they bring to you.For entree, I had the NY strip and she went with the fillet. The NY strip had great beef flavor and was perfectly cooked to medium. It was served with mashed potatoes and haricot vert. The star of the show was definitely the fillet. This was the best steak I had ever tasted in my life. It was like buttah!!!! She probably could have cut it with a fork. It was that tender. The steak came served with a wonderful mushroom sauce that went perfectly with the fillet. I will definitely be getting this when we return.By the time dessert came, we were both really full. The portions they give you are not small. I chose the cheese cake and my wife had the chocolate silk pie. The cheese cake was great. Served with a sour cream sauce to cut through some of the richness. The chocolate silk pie was good too. Nice and creamy and served with whipped cream and fresh fruit. A perfect end to a wonderful meal. We both agreed that dining here was one of the best meals we have ever had. I cannot recommend this place enough. You will not find a better meal than the one you will have at Pappas Bros.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,10/7/2012,424,539,8,18,12>Craft beer in 16 oz pints? You say it's 12% ABV? WE DON'T NEED NO STINKING TULIP!Yeah, major props for pouring me barley wine beer with no pretentious glass that's supposed to enhance the flavor of my beer. You just want to charge me the same amount but pour me less!But yeah, sorry for that rant/praise.  They now have their beer menu categorized, as before it was one big hot mess and you really had to know your beers to know what to order.You can still ask for a sample of beer, as it's all good. If a place ever denies you samples, you can tell them to go to hell and you're heading back over to Petrol.Sign up for their facebook page, as they always tell you what's new on tap and when it's on like donkey kong for the America's Most Bitter Beer contest. And if you're the first to correctly guess the beer they post, you get a free beer! I don't know how they do it but more power to the alcoholics!Kitchen reno's are now complete, so no more waiting 30 min plus for your delish bundle of joy know as the Rancor burger.  It's actually named after the animal in Jabba the Hutt's pit, so very fitting. I don't like the lamb burger as much since it's not as fatty as beef. Or maybe because there's no egg...Fries that come with the burger are amazing with the feta cheese and rosemary sprinkled on top.Grilled cheese sandwich is actually delightful, as a slice of tomato is added to break up the monotony of cheese flavors. Served with chips as well.Reuben is crazy good as i could taste a wine glaze.  Someone please confirm I'm not imagining this!There's a water cooler at the far right of the bar for those who want to stay hydrated, as you're supposed to do 1:1 ratio of alcohol to H20.  Like that ever happens...Very limited seating indoors, so come at night to cool off on the patios out front and in the back.  Parking is available in the lot across or anywhere on the streets.Chris, one of the bartenders, has moved on to greener pastures as an employee of mastermind Brock (owner of Saint Arnolds and he visits Petrol as well). But no worries, as all the guys here are great and will help you, especially if all you've ever drank was Bud Light!You can buy a growler (big jug) and fill up on a beer you like to take home. This is a great recommendation since they go through kegs like Joey Chestnut eats hot dogs.Monday's are bomb for their special - beer and burger for $10!In summary, best place for beer in Houston hands down. Yes, more than Flying Saucer, Hay Merchant or Mongoose & Cobra!P.S. I've been here a lot more times than the Yelp check in suggests! =D**** Update ****So sh#t....looks like they've updated their menu to now include sniffers, so the menu reads as follows - Beer/$/P or S (P for pint and S for sniffer).  The prices for the sniffer aren't too bad, as they can be as low as $4.  Also your standard "gateway" beers are cheap too at $4.  These are usually the beer your first timers will love, as they make the transition out of Bud Light.Also their Point of Sales system is integrated with a iTouch and iPad, so no, the bartender is not texting someone while you order.  They're punching it into the system!  Plus the iTouch doubles as a credit card swiper and signature reader.And no water cooler, as now it's been replaced with a permanent water dispenser at the same location on the far right of the bar.If you want to see what's on tap. check out their menu offered on beermenu.com.Still great place! They just won Houston Press 2012 Best Beer Bar!
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,10/6/2012,78,161,7,7,7>Is Grand Prize a total Hipster Bar?  Well, yes but...I must say, I really like this place for "day drinking."  They have pretty amazing drink specials, plus their happy hour occurs every day from 4-8pm!  I am a whiskey man, so I particularly like the $3 Buffalo Trace during happy hour.  Besides that, they have $2 wells and a special on Lone Star and PBR (go figure... BTW, I am old enough to remember when that wasn't cool.)You will still encounter a high percentage of bicycle helmet wearers and people who want to sue the city, but it is far less prominent during the day.  At night, you won't find me there - period.  The place is crawling with hipsters.  Last time I was there at night was to grab some Phamily Bites (Grand Prize hosts a variety of food trucks.)  Big mistake - my suspensions were confirmed, hipsters are nocturnal creatures.Back to the positives - the bartenders know their stuff when it comes to cocktails.  Personally, I am a big fan of the sazerac.  They make it well.  Also, they have a variety of fresh squeezed fruit juices.  That certainly doesn't hurt cocktail quality.Finally, I do really like an "old school" jukebox.  This one in particular might be the best bargain in town - $1.00 gives you 3 plays!Even if hipsters are annoying, I make sacrifices for a good deal!  Plus, they have an "I am T-Pain" mic on display above their beer fridge.  That scored them a few points with me.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,10/5/2012,115,362,4,11,8>Hai Duong is in the same space previously occupied by Cuu Long and Seng Hoat. They have the Chinese lunch combos, but the specials on the whiteboard at the entrance and the extensive dinner menu, consisting of 148 items, are Vietnamese. The modern decor of Seng Hoat has been retained though improved upon, while the staff has completely changed over. My first few times in, I set the small Chinese lunch menu aside and went for the familiar Vietnamese standards, like the pho, bun, and com dishes I've ordered at previous iterations of this restaurant. The broth for the beef pho (tai, gau - steak and flank) is rich and complex with anise and coriander seasonings, with fresh greens like basil and cilantro served on the side. But the sheer ubiquity of these dishes in Houston, especially along this 249 corridor, raises the bar for a restaurant to stand out. The Com Thit Nuong was the only one that really impressed me, with its savory chargrilled pork, slightly sweet from the caramelized marinade, on a traditional bed of "broken" rice, topped with a fried egg, and served with Vietnamese quiche on the side. A hearty meal that left me craving more.Another time, I thought maybe if I ordered something a few pages into the menu, that would throw them off their game and make them devote time and attention to that single order. I haven't observed the kitchen, so I don't know what exactly is responsible, but the hand-battered, pan-fried squid called Muc Rang Muoi was some of the best damn squid I've ever had. I hesitate to call it calamari, even though that seems to have become a blanket term, because this goes well beyond the small, fried cephalopods you get as a Mediterranean appetizer. This is emphatically squid, with large, perfectly tender morsels coated in a salt and pepper-seasoned batter that doesn't flake off, but also doesn't overwhelm the squid. Served on a bed of lightly sautéed vegetables, the savory bites are played beautifully against the mild sweetness of the browned scallions, onions, red and green peppers.I also wanted to order the pan-fried duck tongue, but the kindly waiter advised me that the dish was more appropriate for long, casual, beer-drinking lunches, which really only made the prospect more compelling, but he was right, probably not appropriate for a work day. As if Hai Duong needed another reason to lure me back.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,10/4/2012,269,274,13,18,19>What a great find, thanks to Albert N. and his passion for everything Woodlands. I saw his post and twitter timeline filled with mentions and pictures of @corkscrewBBQ and I couldn't help but bookmark it for future reference.  I finally found myself in Dallas errr... The Woodlands (a little ITL humor) so I took the Sawdust exit and turned left at Budde Rd. and was happy to see the trailer with a smoker next to it with picnic table, just in case you can't wait to get home to eat your 2 meat combo plateIt's my first visit and I typically would wait for another visit to write a review, but I thought the BBQ was really good it warranted a review and a update when I get back to try those ribs.  I ordered a 2 meat combo which comes with 2 sides.  Everything on my plate was delicious.  My meats of choice, brisket and sausage, and sides, macaroni and potato salad.  The first thing I noticed about the brisket was the smoke ring 1/4"-1/2" and the crust was beautifully dark and the meat was moist and the fat was rendered nicely.  It wasn't cooked to fast.  It had a slight smoke flavor, which is OK. This allows you to taste and appreciate the beef.  The sausage also did not disappoint.  I would put that sausage up against any BBQ joint in the greater Houston area. Good smoke, spice, and juicy. What I like about Corkscrew was they didn't loose focus after the meat. They did a really good job on their sides. My macaroni and potato salad were also very good.  The potato salad was nothing like I've had, it was unique. I liked it.  It also came pickles, onions, fresh sliced jalapenos, and BBQ sauce.  I typically don't do sauce, but for the everyone out there that has to have their sauce, it is very good.  It was sweet and peppery.I will send all my friends from the North side to these guys. I think they will be happy to have another option besides Rudy's.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,10/3/2012,3161,3020,13,22,17>You're going to be shocked, but up until a few weeks ago I had never been to Fitz.  But then again it wasn't until a few years ago that I even enjoyed live music.  Before that I was listening to crap, remix of crap, and a dubstep of some more crap.I went on one of the chilled nights where they had local bands downstairs.  I really liked how you could basically get as close as you want.  On this night it was free if you are 21 and up and I believe a couple of bucks for 18 and up.  I was silly and bought my free tickets online thinking there was a huge line, wasted 2 dollars on fees.  The bouncer Curtis explained it to me after I tried handing him my printed pass.  He was even nice enough to give me a quick tour of the upstairs.  The upstairs reminded me of one of the smaller rooms at House of blues.  Bigger and much more of a bigger venue.  It's up there with some of my new night time activities.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,10/2/2012,210,276,7,7,7>Ok I won't lie. At my house we worship at the alter of Buc-ee The Beaver. Now while most people  trek clear across the state we actually moved to our house just so we would be close to the alter   err   Buc-ee's store in League city.  Now this is no mega Buc-ee's but it a very large and clean store with multiple check outs and clean rest rooms. It has most everything you could want from Buc-ee's. Plenty of gas pumps, cheap ice, Beaver Nuggets, smoked meat products, made to order sandwiches, great ice tea a ton of drinks, T shirts, bumper stickers, and more. Imagine all your beaver needs close to home. So next time your need to get your Buc-ee's fix don't drive hundreds of miles just come to League City.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,10/1/2012,173,138,15,19,17>1st Star - location2nd Star - ambiance/ decor3rd star - customer service4th star- live music5th star - THE FOOD!!!!I wish I could say OMG in several languages. After seeingnthe numerous "check-ins" and food pics from a yelp buddy - Rasteen W, we finally decided to try this South African Cuisine spot out. It's located in the Vintage Park strip which is a smaller City Center off of 249. We all know that true customer service is just hard to find but they have it at Peli Peli... Someone from the kitchen came to our table and apologized to our friend because they had to start his order over to assure it was perfect. They also told him they would take it off of his ticket..We were like WOW!!!! I am impressed at the fact  the waiter asked if it was our first time and treated us as such so that we would want to come back. That curry chicken that I had has got to be on the menu in heaven. Everybody at the table has planned to come back for that dish. PLEASE DON'T start me to talking about the egg rolls that's an appetizer...whew!!! We've already planned to have two orders of those next time. needless to say, I am in love with Peli Peli and anticipate my return.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,9/30/2012,343,368,13,15,11>Halal at your boy.  Those who are familiar with Manhattan's 53rd and 6th Halal cart, Jones Fried Chicken is sure to take you back to that street corner of savory eats.  The workers here even wear hats with "HALAL NEW YORK STYLE."  As Kt T., points out this store is on the sketchy side of town next to what used to be Sharpstown Mall.  What is strange is that the parking lot doubles as a used car dealer lot.The last time I was in New York was three years ago, so I do not have a chicken clear memory of the late night munchies.  Jones's offers about 6 scoops of plain (neon yellow) rice, spicy rice or a mixture of both.  I would say I have an average tolerance for spicy foods and the mixed rice was a perfect kick for my tongue.  My friend got the spicy rice and started chugging milk after his meal.  Choose between lamb, chicken or a mixture of both.  The aluminum bowl comes with lettuce and tomatoes for your veggie servings.  White sauce covers your meal and who doesn't like white sauce (TWSS)? You also get a few containers on the side for those who are addicted to that white substance.  The large is 6.99 and is ginormous.  I saved half for my lunch and am pretty excited to finish my meal.The atmosphere is like most places in the area.  The office's entrance is literally a small door under the stairs, which would magically explain why I have never heard of this place.  Harry Potter must've thrown his invisibility cloak over the whole establishment.  Knuts, Sickles, or Galleons are probably not accepted forms of payment but credit cards are welcome.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,9/29/2012,607,68,7,12,14>WOW!!!! That's the 1st word that comes to mind when I think about how fantastic these cake balls taste!!!! I can honestly say that I have NEVER had cake balls like these!!!! So, let me back up a bit. Angel Wings Bakery is located in Old Town Spring. It's a small shop, next to a larger shop, soIf you're looking for it while driving....drive slow. You can pull in front of the quaint little shop & park curbside, but your best bet is to drive down the back street to grab a spot in the parking lot. The shop itself is soooooo cute!!! Seating if you need it, good size selection, & the majority of the balls are only $2!!! The pecan ball, is $2.50 I believe. It may be $2.25, I'm trying to remember at this point but either way it is definitely worth every penny. I think that was probably our favorite one to buy! We also had the pleasure of being able to try the wedding cake, marble, recess, strawberry, birthday cake, and one of the chocolate cupcakes with cream cheese. Every Saturday evening from 5:30 PM to close, which is at 6 PM, angel wings bakery has what they call a brawl brawl. This is when all of the cake balls that are two dollars go down to one dollar each. It's crazy how people act when it comes to this ball brawl but the name says it all!!! After experiencing the ball brawl last Saturday, I definitely think I will pass on going in and making a purchase at that time. When I say they are definitely worth two dollars and more, I mean it! Plus, the owner has a check-in offer on yelp. Get 12 cake balls for $20 when you check in! You can't beat that, especially for the quality and taste of these cake balls that she puts her hard work & time into!!!! I know from looking at several peoples check-in's & reviews on yelp, that there are a lot of dessert fans out there! You definitely need to make a trip over to old town Spring and check out angel wings bakery! The best part, you can put in special orders, they do more than just cake balls such as full-size cakes, and they are also open during the week... Not just on the weekend. So get on over to Angel wings bakery soon and try out some of these awesome cake balls!
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,9/28/2012,556,161,23,13,16>Do you remember going to the zoo when you were a kid, and what a great time you had? Well Sammy's Wild Game Grill is like you're all grown up now and you get to eat those animals and have an even BETTER time.Morbid? Maybe. Delicious? Hell yeah.I accidentally found this place while I was lost with a friend. I should get lost more often. A friend and I went all out and ordered the sliders (elk, antelope, and llama), the pheasant sausage dog with purple cabbage, feta, and cilantro aioli, and python snake chili fries. Go wild or go home right?The sliders were fun, tagged with little flag toothpicks. Each burger had its own flavor and texture. I think the slider trio is really the way to go on your first time if you've had no experience with exotic meat. That pheasant sausage dog was just a damn good dog. I had heard pheasant was a tasty bird anyway and this sausage dog did not disappoint. Juicy, flavorful pheasant dog snuggled inside of a pretzel bun. The pretzel bun is the perfect vessel for flavor because it holds everything in and is tastier than a normal hotdog bun. The toppings were all exceptional as well. I hear that crispy onions put the dog over the top! Lastly, the python chili fries... just imagine damn good chili that sort of melts away in your mouth. Yes, it's that good. The chili fries were addicting and I vote that all chili be made of snake.It's fun to come and try something totally different in a familiar way. I highly recommend this place. They happen to have a sweet little selection of beers too, so if you don't have the courage to try something crazy, you can drink til you change your mind.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2012,9/27/2012,151,258,5,12,8>My current favorite nail place in town right now despite how annoyingly busy it is all the time. For being in such a small space, it surprisingly has enough room for each customer to have their own sort of alcove. I love the partition of space and if you are coming here with a group, there are group rooms as well if you call ahead. They have your basic manis and pedis but unfortunately for me, I really enjoy their pedicure spa treatments which are pricey but so amazing. The cooling cucumber pedicure is usually my stand-by but I've tried their pedissage, sole relief, and revitalizing oxygen pedicures as well. The girls working at this location are always so sweet and accommodating. Cleanliness is a biggie for me so I'm willing to shell out more for a place that *fingers crossed* won't give me an ugly infection on my toenails. So lessons learned after coming here for the past year or so? Always make an appointment or risk being turned away. And have their number on speed dial.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,9/26/2012,29,177,5,10,9>I have needed to update my review for some time now, as I am in here at least twice/month (often enough the wait staff knows me).The new location is lovely and there is plenty of parking.  Wait staff is always pleasant and accommodating.All of that is fine, but the reason I keep coming back is the FOOD!  Consistent, fresh, delicious seafood every. single. time.I have come up with the perfect dish (2 different waiters think so too):  The Sea Bass Bebe with the Champagne Citrus Butter Sauce (from the Champagne Sea Bass dish) and add Scallops. Sea Bass Bebe:  Grilled Chilean sea bass w/ grilled shrimp, jumbo lump crabmeat and tri-color peppers in basil wine butter.All of their dishes are wonderful and I have never had anything that wasn't just mouth watering deliciousness - That includes the desserts too!!  :-D
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,9/25/2012,25,138,7,8,15>I love Monster PB&J so much.  The truck's concept is genius in its deceiving simplicity.  At first, I thought to myself, "buy a peanut butter and jelly sandwich... how lazy am I?"  But when I sidled up to the colorful happy-wagon, I was greeted by a multitude of natural nut butters loaded into caulking guns for speedy delivery, jelly, nutella, fruit, honey and a variety of chips and sides.  When the melty grilled almond butter and nutella hit my lips, I was blessed with instantaeous satisfaction.  They park at Firkin and Phoenix on Monday evenings and frequent the museum district at lunch time.   It's a great option for vegetarians, vegans, and people who like to be happy.  The purple monster makes me smile.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,9/24/2012,214,99,12,11,13>There was some major eye humpage going on with me and the display case of gelato the night I wandered over here after dinner next door. Didn't care who saw, didn't care about judgement. I just wanted. it. all.Walking in, it's a cozy, little shop that seats about 16-18 people max with comfy black chairs and barstool seating against the storefront window. Looking at the menu, they have a list of coffees, espresso, capuccinos, lattes, the usual. They've also got brownies and other pastries...But I was here for one reason and one reason alone.I think there were about 12-14 flavors behind the case and the guy behind the counter was my gatekeeper. The kindest, friendliest, and most patient gatekeeper as he let me sample each delicious flavor. Cardamom salted caramel, Taj Mahal (also contained cardamom), chocolate chunk, stracciatella, strawberry, pistachio, butter pecan, blackberry...and on and on and on. Every single flavor was creamy, rich, and had a flavor that spoke to so much more than it's name alone. I finally settled on the blackberry and the Spumoni (a Neapolitan of sorts, which included a layer of chocolate, pistachio, and strawberry). The experience was heavenly. I don't know what else to say. Sigh...this love affair is going to continue for a very long time. Believe it.Side notes: Bella Coffee & Gelato opened July 9th and is a sister business owned by the brother to the owner of Bombay Pizza Co. (That last sentence may have been a little confusing. Oh well!) Apparently it's all in the family. A smart one at that! My fiancee and I wandered over after dinner next door and *score* we got 10% off our purchase here because of their grand opening. Seating is kinda limited and a bit awkward, but it's usually not too busy in there when I've gone enough to where I didn't have a seat.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2012,9/23/2012,265,191,3,18,10>I love my neighborhood. There are so many bars, lounges, and restaurants that are just waiting to be discovered. We walked into this one on a Thursday night not really knowing what to expect. The last time I was in this building was when it was still called Touch & was the usual spot for Sunday Funday. The establishment has since morphed into a myriad of other bars and has now transformed into the elegant 18th Cocktail Bar.  From the outside, we didn't really know what to expect. We saw valet parking lot and asked the attendants if there was parking elsewhere. They pointed to the side streets and such and we found a spot easily enough. The entrance to this establishment is through a side door with a long red carpet and a mysterious,dark door. Odd, I thought, and slightly creepy. Once I opened the door, it was nothing but darkness. Luckily, there was a server there to welcome us and validated that we were actually in the right place. We would later find out from the co-owner that this was done on purpose to simulate the "basement, underground entrances" of Speakeasy bars. After a slight turn to the left of the hallway, the space opened up beautifully with high ceilings, lovely low candlelit areas, and tasteful decor done in what appears to be Prohibition-esque era. Then, we got it: 18th Cocktail Bar  = 18th Amendment = Prohibition = Speakeasy joint. Had we known how beautiful this place was, we would've dressed up for the occasion or at least kept our business clothes on (we were in jeans/tshirts/etc). A few people were scattered here and there in lounge areas , mostly appearing to be an older crowd. Though there were plenty of seating (think giant luxe couches --- Restoration Hardware style), we chose to sit at the bar. There was a three page menu offered to us that consisted of cocktails, light bites, and a wine list. Since this appeared to be a craft-cocktail type of place (think Prohibition, Anvil, etc), we stuck to the cocktail menu and tried almost all of the 8-10 drinks listed (between three people). Of all the cocktails, I favored The McCoy the most since it reminded me of Thanksgiving: rum with some cloves, cinnamon, and other spices. Bathtub Gin was a close second favorite. After enjoying a cocktail or two, I was surprised to discover that an old acquaintance was one of the co-owners of this establishment. He came over, greeted us warmly, introduced us to his business partner, gave us a tour of the place and we ended up chatting with them outdoors on the generous patio. Here's what we found out:GRAND OPENING: mid-June. At this time, they are in their soft opening stages & are tweaking the cocktails and menu. Grand opening will be co-hosted by several Houston PR machines & magazines in mid-June.CLIENTELE: the bar/lounge is trying to appeal to the 23 & up crowd. Though there  are no strict age restrictions, they are trying to build up a loyal  following for the Happy Hour business crowd. The co-owners emphasized "this is NOT a club" but will have a DJ on certain nights (Thurs, Fri, Sat).FOOD: the one page menu consisted of light bites like tuna tartar, deviled eggs, shrimp cocktail, oyster shooters, sliders, and some salads. Did not order any of the above so I can't speak for the quality. Price point: $8-12 per plate.DRINKS: strong (maybe too strong) craft cocktails of the variety: gin, whiskey, rum, etc along with a one page menu of wine. I tried The Bootleggers Punch, The McCoy, and Bathtub Gin. Of the three, The McCoy was a favorite. Again, they are still tweaking this menu and the bartenders are still learning to make these cocktails. PARKING: though there is valet parking, the owners pointed out that after 6pm, guests are allowed to park at the two parking lots across the street. Generous parking, from what we saw.There is great potential for this new bar. The strong points for me were the beauty & class of the interior and exterior space, the flavor of the cocktails, and the location. Also, the bartenders and servers were very kind & personable. Nothing ruins the experience more than rude staff & so far, we encountered none of that. Best of luck to 18th Cocktail Bar. Hoping this establishment becomes a permanent fixture.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,9/22/2012,251,713,10,20,17>Green Seed Vegan is now a restaurant.  An enclosed, air conditioned place with tables and chairs.  They expanded their menu, and now even have a list of raw items, and things like Kombucha and fresh juice.  I'm living in exciting times.No, really.  I am.  Healthy food that is healthy and good and not "healthy" and good is such a relief.I've followed their food truck around (well, at it's old location and then for the brief stint at the Fall 2011 City Hall FM), and have tried a great deal of the old items.My stomach makes odd requests of me at times, so it's really awesome to know that there are restaurants that are willing to accommodate me, and thrilling that there is at least one that can actually pull it off seamlessly and with very tasty fare.  If you have any food allergy or combination of food allergies, Green Seed is your BFF.I typically get my sandwiches wrapped in a collard green.  If you are a celiac, or just want to up the health ante, this is a great choice.  Their bread is fabulous, but I love the collard wrap option.  If your internal organs don't care for a particular item on the menu, you can sub it out for something else.  I tried the Tosh with a portabella instead of the in-house-made tempeh.  Their tempeh is very awesome (see my original review), but sometimes I don't want to push my stomach's luck.  Plantains with a portabella and spinach wrapped in a collard.  It was like savory/dessert wrap.  The Sweet Porta Panini was essentially the same, but with sweet potatoes instead of plantains.  I'm also a big fan of the Dirty Burque.  It's their version of a burger with avocado, chilis, arugula, tomatoes, etc.  It's the health conscious' version of a Houston foodie burger. Wrapped or with the whole grain bun.  They make the patties in house, as well and if they don't add crack to them, then it's just pure magic.Each wrap or sandwich is just shy of $10, so I normally don't get an accompaniment.  I really don't need anything extra as I normally eat just enough for lunch - who wants to return to work too full?  The times I have gotten "snack for later," it's usually the root brownie.  A brownie sweetened with root veggies (think carrot and beet - both high in sugar).  I like, no adore root veggies, and really can't taste them in the brownie.  That's not a bad thing, but just wanted to float that out there in case you (or you) were skeptical.  It's just a healthy alternative to sugar.Of the new items, I now am fond of the Big Tex Burger.  Fried zucchini "bacon" and some sort of non-dairy, non-soy cheese (that melts like a nice mild jack), house made vegan mayo, house made vegan burger, dressed and on a bun, or in a collard green.  With a frothy beet, apple, carrot, ginger juice to wash it down.  It was a bit steep ($17), but it was a Friday, I rarely eat out for lunch, the drink was $6, and everything tasted like magic.  Healthy, perfectly filling, magic.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,9/21/2012,67,173,9,6,6>It's called Shrimp and Stuff and, for me, that's appropriate because as far as the food goes, there's the awesome fried shrimp, good catfish, and then a bunch of other "stuff". Either by itself over fries, alongside a piece of fried catfish, or on a po-boy, the fried shrimp is easily my favorite offering.That's not to say I haven't dabbled. And that's not to say I haven't regretted it every time since some items don't live up to what you're expecting. In particular, the seafood platter is just about the most expensive item on the menu but is actually quite small and does not include a piece of fried catfish (WTF!?). A recent disappointment was the Fish Tacos. I had read they were good and had "huge" pieces of fish in each one from a fellow Yelper, which led me to believe they used fried catfish filets. They don't. And they're definitely not huge. Oh, the shrimp I could have had instead. Next time, you bastards. Next time.3.8 stars.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,9/20/2012,124,267,9,12,12>If you like Bison burgers this family owned lil restaurant knows how to make them very well.  These burgers are 5 star +.  Large meaty and cheesy awesomeness on a mild jalapeno bun.   Now all I need is a cute mountain cabin, stream and wooden rocking chair to relax in and enjoy this awesome burger next time.  Actually the restaurant has a cute Texas theme.The Bison burger is an 8 oz patty with a little gaminess to it with a slice of American and Swiss cheese.  They give you a side of romaine, thinly sliced tomatoes, pickles and onions,  Now the secret to this awesomeness is the crisscross charring on the burger and ordering the jalapeno bun (slight charge) which is toasted on the grill with something brushed on the bun to give it a slight char and great  flavor.Don't get the regular bun -blah.  Just listen to the pretty blonde lady there she knows her stuff.  I also got the mac and cheese which was good.So I also ordered a 2 meat combo meal with brisket, mild sausage and 2 sides to go.  The brisket and mild sausage were very average.  I guess once you get a taste of the awesome BBQ restaurants in hill country most places in The Woodlands have a hard time competing with that smoky wood pit flavor.  The green beans and BBQ beans were overcooked to my liking.An added plus - their diet Coke had a perfect mix of carbonation and flavor.Definitely will be back for that Buffalo sized awesome Buffalo burger.  Oh Yeah!
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2012,9/19/2012,137,234,16,14,14>I can finally get some of the best, most authentic mexican food around without having to plan a day trip to get it. All the other Julios require a good long drive, so I'm ecstatic about this new location. Many things they serve look delicious, but I've never strayed from the especiales del trompo. 5 incredible marinated pork tacos with cheese and avocado. All locations have a running contest: if you can break the previous record for most tacos del trompo consumed, you win something or other from them. Last time I checked, 28 tacos was the record. I can barely eat 4, so I'm guessing what you win if  you can eat 29 is an intervention.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,9/18/2012,133,272,7,11,13>So, because it's the start of Houston Restaurant Weeks, the boyfriend and I made reservations here...he had never been to Max's and I haven't been in a few years. We were both looking forward to it!Luckily we had reservations because the place was completely packed on a Saturday night and we sat right down. Now...it was probably one of the worst tables in the restaurant but who cares...we were inside and we were sat immediately.Because it was HRW, the menu was definitely smaller as was the wine list. But we didn't care, we knew what we were paying for. To make a long story short, we ended up with 2 glasses of pinot noir, max 'n cheese, pan borracho, 2 caesar salads, a kobe burger, a grilled cheese with tomato soup and 2 apple pies in a glass. Now, I know that sounds like a lot of food but everything was in smaller portions than was they would normally serve. So, that was good b/c we were still stuffed at the end of the meal! Plus, it was fun to try a little of everything!The food was very delicious and very fresh. I would definitely recommend the max 'n cheese, pan borracho, kobe burger, caesar salad. The grilled cheese sandwich was good but it was built with too much bread therefore too soft. The cheese it was made with was very delicious though. So, all of that food plus the wine was $90 without tip added yet b/c of the HRW deal. It would've been WAY more normally b/c it was a 4 course meal.Max's is definitely a fun place to enjoy wine, especially in the company of a group setting. It stays open until 2:00 am on the weekends afterall! Just beware, they crank up the music kind of loud after 8:00 pm so don't go there if you're hoping for a lot of conversation.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,9/17/2012,101,74,4,11,4>With this review I find myself torn. Part of me wants to keep this a secret, but part of me wants everyone in the world to know about this place. With 60+ reviews, it's not as though it is unheard of, but for this caliber and this close to the galleria, I'm surprised it's not substantially more reviewed.I've decided. I want to share my joy with all. Read on.We originally bought a LivingGroupSpot (they've all morphed in my mind) deal for this place because Caribbean food sounded nice and Muneezeh K. and I love a good deal. This particular deal included a four-course meal, and I don't think I've had a more completely successful meal to date.For the first course we got - and you should always get - the wings. These are most likely the greatest wings in Houston. You hear me Houston Press? Come check em out. Also, split your order to try a few sauces.-Jerk is their delicious sauce that you may see on a jerk chicken entree. -Buffalo solider is a spicy, Caribbean take on the classic. Has a little kick.-Sweet Reggae was fantastic and savory-sweet.-They used to have a BBQ that was awesome, but I think it's discontinued.The 2nd course was a revelation. I was least excited by the soups, but their Red Bean soup ended up being one of the greatest soups I've ever had.Main course was a very difficult choice. We settled on the jerk chicken and Red Stripe BBQ ribs, but they all looked great. These ribs were enough to make the return trip for and the jerk was exactly what you'd hope for.The desert choice is the world's most ultimate win/win. You have a delicious bread pudding that could put any Sweet Tea drinkin, southern United States granmama to shame. But the Chocolate Rum cake...wow. MK said it tasted "like someone's grandma just baked it." And she did. The owner, who used to be the chef for the Jamaican Prime Minister, baked it in the back.I hear its a great place to watch soccer (and probably bobsledding), and you should try to be there when a steel band is performing (Fridays I believe?).We have been back a dozen+ times, and this has become such a staple. Do yourself a favor. Follow suit.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,9/16/2012,216,95,5,14,13>I know we're in the electronic age, but call me old fashioned - I like books.  I like holding them and flipping actual pages.  I also like the smells.  As a result, I use and frequent this library on a regular basis.  If the book I want is not on the shelf here, they will ship it from another branch and notify me so I can swing by and pick it up.  Score!Also, they have an awesome movie collection which includes many Criterion Collection and foreign films.  Only in the 'trose right?  (=As far as the building condition, it could definitely be improved, but I don't spend a lot of time there so it doesn't bother me.  Also, I've always found the staff to be very helpful when I have a question.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,9/15/2012,231,233,5,13,9>Nestled in the heart of Montrose within a block of the Menil Collection, this unassuming building houses rotations of small but powerful photography exhibits. When I arrive here to see an exhibition, I can guarantee that I ask myself the question, "why don't I come here more often?" If you have complaints about crowded "touristy" art museums that are at times more stressful than inspiring (oh, you know, maybe....the MoMa in NYC), this is the complete opposite. With free admission daily and generally small, quiet audiences, the HCP feels like a haven- whether you are into photography or not. After spending some time in the main room, you can wander over to the back library room where you can spend very pleasant afternoon browsing through photography books and other related media. Even if you just want an air conditioned place to walk into and take a deep breath and rest, the atmosphere at HCP lends itself perfectly to that, too.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,9/13/2012,305,161,11,16,22>Here's the skinny:  If you want the best falafel in town as a side or stuffed in a split pita, then get your ass over here.  Zabak's is a fast, friendly, and tidy place to get your ME fix.  In a intersection crowded with options and traffic, this is the place that I come to in a pinch.  Closer than the cluster of gyro/shwarma joints that reside up and down the length of Hillcroft, you'll feel welcome the moment you walk in.  The caveat is that though the falafel is unrivaled in it's crispy flavorful goodness, the gyros and shwarmas can be somewhat uninspired.  There are better to be had for sure, but not as conveniently or in such a pristine environ such as can be found here.So Mike, you're a straight shooter, what's the deal with dropping a 5 star review on a chickpea patty?  Well I'll tell you gentle reader that food, undoubtedly important and life sustaining,  is not the sole comfort that can be had within the confines of these walls.  There are three siblings here that are worth their weight in gold, and they do their heritage a great justice by the way they not only treat customers, but perfect strangers as well.  Sandra, Don, and Pete are holding the fort down here and sustaining the memory of the business that their parents started 30+ years ago.  Family owned businesses are not unique, and kindness is not the unequivocal provenance of the Zabak clan, but I'm happy and grateful to tell you what is unique and special about these people.  A few years ago I had just been hired by a very large and well known company.  While sequestered away at a local hotel for training, I had been playing a frustrating game of phone tag with my mom, who was in another part of the country.  After a day of meetings, we were about to board a bus to tour a local facilty and meet the "boots on the ground" when I was finally able to reach my mom.  What happened next was a seminal moment in anyone's life, a point that changes your perceptions, and recategorizes your priorities.  In that brief conversation, I learned that my mom had just been diagnosed with cancer........again.  Fancying myself a man's man, replete with the stiff lip and upward held chin that so many John Wayne and Steve McQueen movies had instilled as a requisite, I boarded the bus and filled myself with the thousand emotions, thoughts, and questions that fill me again now as I write this.  After an orientation that passed through me with nary a single synapse firing, the tour began."Hey Mike, hold up for just a second," asked one of the head trainers as the tour began.  "Is everything alright?""Sure, never better, I'm excited to be here", was my quick response."Ok, just a couple of the folks on the bus said it looked like something was bothering you.""Nope, I'm good," I answered."Well, they said you you were on the phone, and that maybe something was wrong....."Shattered.  A million pieces. I broke.  Someone was there to comfort me; put their arm around my shoulder; give me a moment and a phone to have the conversation that had been so brief and yet so laden with gravity that its weight could bend the light of your soul.  Don, I'll never be able to thank you for that brief moment of kindness that will never leave my thoughts, though I've repeated those words that mean so little compared to the gratitude from which they spring.  So again, thanks....a million times over.When I walk into this fine establishment, tucked into one of the many strip malls that blanket the banks of Westheimer, I come for the good food and impeccable service.  What nourishes me, however, is the reminder that there are great people on this planet, and the Zabaks are some of the easiest for me to find.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,9/12/2012,52,88,4,6,6>One word to describe Backstreet....well that's not possible! It's charming, delicious, lovely, romantic....okay my mind can't come up with anymore words...I think since college my brain has started to melt slowly...anywho, I love this restaurant because they really focus on fresh, seasonal foods. I really appreciate when a restaurant has an entire menu dedicated just to vegetarian cuisine (it makes my heart flutter!) They also have fabulous deserts that never disappoint. The ambiance is very romantic/comforting. The soft lighting, and the fact that it's located in a house all contribute to the vibe. Great place to go for a date! From what I have read from other reviews I really want to try the brunch!
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,9/11/2012,219,206,5,8,9>I REALLY REALLY like this place. First off it's nestled around a bunch of other places I really like. It's in a neighborhood that doesn't attract the Washington crowd and also does a pretty good job of weeding out the Montrose idiots. The decor speaks for itself, kind of has a mid-century modern feel with great attention to detail. I even love all the iron works in and around the building. You can get a regular cocktail such as a jack and coke, but you can also get one of those fancy schmancy cocktails with gin and other special stuff. You know what  I mean... And of course one of the aspects I really like about Double Trouble is that the staff is nice. We all know there are plenty of places around town that you can go and get service without a smile and a side of attitude. I'm not generally a big fan of those places. Bar Hopping in this area just got even better. Double Trouble Rules. Okay Buh Bye.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,9/10/2012,43,78,5,8,7>I used to pretty much hate crawfish when I was younger. It was something about the combination of the smell and the taste that would trigger my gag reflex. So, if you were to tell my pre-teen self that I would be addicted to crawfish in my young adult years, then I'd call you crazy and as one of my good friends likes to famously say, "you're on drugs." I live for crawfish season and I'm always excited to try a new crawfish place, especially in Houston. My sister had mentioned Jolynn's and how amazingly good it was. One day she brought a couple pounds of the garlic butter seasoned crawfish home to share with all of us just exactly she was talking about. Verdict? Yeah, I kind of fell in love. Okay, truth it was love at first sight...or bite, whichever. Whatever they put in their crawfish or seasonings I don't even know but please keep doing it because it's absolutely addicting and tasty. I've pretty much made up for all the lost years of being a crawfish-hater by trying several different places, and Jolynn's remains my favorite. I've had it both for take-out and I've actually eaten there. They can get pretty busy during crawfish/Lenten season and like many have said, one of the downsides is that they are understaffed and sometimes forget about you. I recall one time that we went, my sister had ordered another round of crawfish that we had to repeatedly ask for/remind them of. That aside, I still love this place. The bonus? Their corn. I don't know what it is about their corn either but it's just the right amount of sweet and I normally skip over the corn and sausage at other crawfish place. But not here, I have to make sure I at least have two mini cobs otherwise it's not a successful Jolynn's trip. Oh, and the other drawback? After you're done, especially if you get the garlic butter flavor, you'll notice that that garlic smell is extremely pungent and really hard to get rid of. I'm probably one of the weird ones who actually doesn't mind the smell, but there's your warning. Find yourself some intense hand wipes, lotion or squeeze some lemons on your hands. Jolynn's seriously makes me question why I hated crawfish in the first place. Where have I been? And why have I been depriving my taste buds of this blissful heaven? Advice for those who have friends who deny your suggestion on getting crawfish for dinner when it's your turn to pick? Take them to Jolynn's. If they still don't like crawfish after that, then it's probably a lost cause. That or something is probably wrong with them, and I'm willing to bet it's the latter.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2012,9/9/2012,117,256,6,10,12>Houston's own beer can house actually made the national blog Apartment Therapy recently. They featured it as both an example of eco-art, and even as a potential idea for others to attempt to keep their own houses cooler. Anyway, I sort of accidentally ended up here with my visiting parents recently; we had been driving around the area, and I thought "well, why not?" We didn't actually pay to go inside this time, although I'd gone with my husband's parents once. My parents just wanted to glance at it quickly. It was a really hot out, and despite the rattling of the cans, in a decent breeze, we were all daydreaming about air conditioning. So we poked around a bit and left.My dad marveled a bit at the number of beers that the original owner and his neighbors drank over the years, and the work that went into the back patio. Things are looking a bit sun-worn and faded these days. I hope they get sufficient funding to maintain the place as a point of interest. (I say guiltily, after having not taken the tour this time.) That neighborhood seems to be increasingly conquered by overpriced condos, so the remaining bungalows, including the beer can house, are a welcome point of resistance for me.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,9/8/2012,195,262,6,6,6>This wasn't my first outdoor venue to attend nor will it be my last, but its probably been close to the best one I have encountered thus far. I am surprisingly glad I got seat tickets, actually I'm more than glad given the time of year I attended. Lawn was just a no go, more so a hell no, not to mention it looked like a cattle roundup in the sense that it appeared overly crowded and to chaotic for my liking. The seating area has large fans keeping air circulating, thumbs up for that. My only gripe is that the security guard at the bottom of the aisles in the upper seats needs to sit down, NEEDS, its not an option, I hate human barriers. Though luckily I was able to relocate my seating situation after meeting some cool new Houstonians. Parking was a breeze, just used the parking structure straight across from the Venue.Personally I have found the ticket prices to be a lot cheaper out here in Texas across the board, makes me wonder what in the hell I was paying so much for in California, no WAIT its California that in itself gave me my answer. Beers, oh sweet beers, they are a little on the steep side. Being a Shock Top fan I paid $12 a beer. It's semi horrible but the size of the beer I cant complain I've paid worse for a lot less. The pour in my opinion is the size of two beers, still heavy on the pockets but its a concert/performance ridiculous prices are to be accepted. BTW the permanent concession stands take debit/credit cards so avoid the ATM's if your going to be charged a fee and just use those.All things in their entirety I'm pretty sure I'll attend another show here given its proximity to my home and now that I have a little more knowledge of the ins and outs of the venue which isn't all that bad.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,9/7/2012,42,383,10,16,17>I decided to go to this place for lunch on a Sunday. I arrived at opening time and was seated straight away by a friendly host. It was quiet since the lunch crowd hadn't started arriving yet. For me its always a wonderful thing to have that peaceful calm. I was happy to hear there is a choice in hot teas. the green tea I chose was very good in its light, smooth flavor. Steamed dumping appetizers arrived hot and flavorful. Crab puffs were also hot and crisp outside with a wonderfully creamy texture inside.This place offers lunch specials on Sundays with several options to choose from. The orange chicken entree had that perfect amount of spicy/sweet. The sauce was delicious! The chicken was tender with no nasty fatty or tendon-y pieces. The fried rice was nice and light and the vegetable spring roll had a good savory taste. I wasn't disappointed in anything I ordered. As I was happily eating, several more people began to arrive. Most seemed to be regulars judged by how well they knew the waitstaff and many asked for their "usual" meal. I noticed a fine looking dessert menu on the table but sadly I was too full to consume any more food even if it was sweets which I can usually find room for. I wound up taking some of my meal home and it heated up nicely for lunch the next day. I found this to be a nice little place. I would come back here. Happily.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,9/6/2012,178,1288,4,13,12>Hermann Park is truly a 5 star park in Houston. A free large open park with plenty of free parking and a variety of different things to do and places to go. There is something for everyone! There are plenty of things to do but some of my favorites are the train ride that brings you around the park and the Miller outdoor theater area which is great day and night. Other favorites:picnics with friends and petsa day at the zoovisiting the gardens and the museum of natural sciencelunch at Pinewood Cafe while watching the paddle boats wandering around the park to find some cool hidden treasures I'm so glad that the zoo area has a new restaurant, Pinewood Cafe, so there is a great place to grab a meal. I can now make a whole afternoon of wandering around the park. If you haven't been to the park recently, check it out. There's so much to see and do. Also, look for the "Portable Trojan Bear" - one of my favorite hidden treasures in the park.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,9/5/2012,419,749,7,16,16>E*WOW.  I'm so glad I didn't write a review after my first visit to E*Tao, in which I ordered something unremarkable and received exactly that.  My second visit was quite a bit different thanks to what I ordered, and now I'm already dreaming of potential visits number three, four and five.Tucked away in a small, narrow storefront in Galleria IV, E*Tao is a Canadian transplant that's offering Chinese food a step above your regular Americanized fare in terms of authenticity.  It's easy to miss if you're not looking, and if you're coming with a large group, I'd strongly consider reservations, because this place does fill up at lunch.  I called the day of to make a rez and they accommodated us nicely.My recommendation?  If you're going to E*Tao, go with friends, and order about one less dish than you think you're going to need.  The portions are mahoosive, they encourage family-style dining here, and you're going to want to try a little bit of everything because it's so flipping tasty.  Bonus recommendation?  Order something that makes you just a little uncomfortable.  You're not going to accidentally order chicken feet here--we're still in the Galleria after all--so go a little wild and try something that you'd never see on the menu of your typical Chinese mall fare.  I can almost guarantee it's going to be good.The softshell crab fried rice was recommended to me as a standout dish, and I was not disappointed.  Fried with delicious brown rice, fish eggs and pine nuts, I actually had a moment when I took my first bite.  Other dishes at my table I had the pleasure of sampling: the shrimp and pork dumplings (delightful and dense); Shanghai Noodles with Chicken (savory and spicy); and the Crispy Egg Noodles with chicken (intriguing texture).  On top of all the food-related ecstacy, we were in and out in under an hour, but never felt rushed.I can pretty confidently say E*Tao is the best in dining the Galleria has to offer.  I'm unreservedly recommending it to my coworkers while we're still trapped in this consumer palace--and I might just invite myself along as well.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,9/4/2012,64,239,5,18,16>Finally more food options in the Museum District. To fill a hole that is severely lacking the Museum of Fine Arts hosts a different food truck for every day of the week. They have committed and even painted and roped off a section of their parking lot just for them, just right outside the Cullen Sculpture Garden. All of the tables and chairs have been moved to the front of the Garden, I guess so it's more convenient. I absolutely love eating a relaxing lunch in the Sculpture Garden. I have definitely noticed more and more people in the Garden since they brought the food trucks in. The trucks are there everyday from 11 am - 3 pm. When the Museum is busier I've noticed that two trucks will be there instead just one. The first time I attempted to try this new set-up wasn't the best day. I got there at 2 pm and Bare Bowls Kitchen was already out of food and were packing up to leave. So have to be careful about planning your day around it. My favorite feature is the Lunch + Look loyalty card program that they just started. You can pick up the stamp card from any of the food trucks. Whenever you get lunch at the food trucks, or Cafe Express (although I don't recommend Cafe Express), you get free general admission that day for the Museum between 12 pm and 2 pm. You won't get into any special exhibits and it's a little short, but you can't knock what is free. After 10 visits you also get half off an individual or dual MFAH membership. Pretty nifty. Monday - Bare Bowls KitchenTuesday - Phamily BitesWednesday - Good Dog Hot DogsThursday - The Waffle BusFriday - LadybirdSaturday - Bernie's Burger BusSunday - The Rice Box
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,9/3/2012,242,106,2,6,4>Alright, I checked in Friday so that I'd remember to give the full low down on this place after. I was really excited to try this place after having their catering at the Big Yoga opening. Everything was soo delicous there! I'm a major veggie eater, but even I cannot make my kale taste like this. I again was able to meet German, the chef and owner, and some of the other workers at the Last Chef Standing competition at hotel Zaza. Also delicious, and everyone was really nice. It helps that I'm friends with the chef's girlfriend who works for Urban Harvest. It's the perfect duo! Local foods and vegan chef, power couple right there. On Friday I was invited to go with a friend who had the groupon, I am one lucky girl! We are both vegetarian/ vegan so we didn't really look at the "land" menu items though I caught a glimpse of some of the side items that come with them and they all sounded great. The Verdure menu wasn't long but still overwhelming because I wanted one of each. Or two of each...We finally decided on: Oyster mushrooms and yukon potatoes- First of all, presentation for every dish was beautiful. I'm not a big fan of potatoes but love mushrooms. These were a little bit overcooked as I couldn't really recognize them as oyster mushrooms anymore, but the seasoning was perfect. It came with a yellow sauce and a bright raspberry sauce, and I was pleasantly surprised when the raspberry sauce was spicy! Cool combo. Kimchi with avocado- was perfectly not too spicy fresh kimchi with whatever spices made it taste amazing...I have yet to develop the palate to decipher these things but give me time. And on a bed of guacamole. I don't have to say much there other than "guacamole" I think this may have been my favorite. Ramp onions and brocolli- This was very good but probably the least distinct of the dishes, just sauteed onions and roasted brocolli. It was also smaller and came with only one large brocolli stalk so it was hard to really feel it out. Brussel Sprouts- Do not be decieved by the word, I feel like they get such a bad rep! It's one of my favorite vegetables, and this dish just put my love over the top. It had a rich sweetness to it, probably from some brown sugar, and they sauteed only the outer more delicate leaves. Check out the pics I post! Fiddle fern and carrot-  I also really liked how this was seasoned, though I can't quite name what spice it was. We ordered it because I had only ever seen pictures of cute little spiraly fiddle ferns, but they really just taste like brocolli stems. I feel like I might be missing something here, but overall, everything surprised me in a really really good way. The trick is to roast the veggies at high temperatures, which I think is what they do here. It really brings out the flavor and sweetness of almost all vegetables, but German adds in a special touch to each dish, creating very distinct flavors on each different plate. My remark soon after the dinner was that most people wouldn't be so hesitant to try out being vegetarian if they could eat this every day! The waiters were also very attentive, my water was refilled about 15 times, and they were quick about brining everything out. My only gripe has to be that it's not a meal I could afford without a groupon, but that's just me, since I don't really ever do upscale dining. One day maybe, but I have to make a lot more first. For the category this falls under however, this is 5 stars all the way.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2012,9/2/2012,152,257,3,9,8>Do I love this place because of the food or the company I was with? I think it was a little or a LOT of both!David T. organized another amazing Clear Lake lunch UYE here yesterday and the company was fantastic, as was the food! I met Jolyn B.,  Sheira H, and Eddie S. and they are such fun, amazing people....so glad they all made it! And of course Ken J. and David T. are always super company! We had fun conversations about silly things and serious things and we definitely didn't have any awkward pauses or whatnot. Or if we did, I sure didn't notice!The place is really nice; I felt a little out of place in my faded jean capris and shirt but it was lunchtime and I saw others dressed casually. I'm sure dinner is more of a dress up occasion, but I wouldn't try to wear anything overly casual there even at lunch. The service was fantastic, even with the little mix up about the Yelp offer. Note: the lunch offer listed on the page is ONLY for the steakhouse. The manager honored it for those that wanted it, and there is a different pork chop special that they offer there.They don't have a lot of variety on the lunch menu but that's ok; what they do have all sounded fantastic (except the veal; I don't eat baby animals) but as soon as I saw the pizza and salad combo I was hooked. Everything on the lunch menu is $10 so I figured it would be a slice or two, but they delivered a whole mini pizza! I got the Margherita and it was delicious! Sadly after the bread and the house salad I was full after two pieces, but I took the rest home and it sure tasted good cold today!The service was great; a little slow, but that's just because I had to get back to work and was running late. But I don't think I would come here here I only had an hour for lunch, unless you mentioned it to the server. Maybe ours thought we were all off work for the afternoon? I wish! This was a great time with awesome people and good food.....and that makes me a fan!
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,9/1/2012,143,27,5,12,7>It's been a loooo-ooooong time since my last review. But, since I now have free time, and since this place seriously warrants some good buzz, here I am. So, first of all, it's located a bit out of the way if you're an "inner-looper." But, rest assured, it's totally worth the hike out to Stafford. And, really, from our home in Midtown, it was a pretty quick 20 minute drive.The restaurant was recommended to us, actually, by a friend who'd visited Houston from out of town, and who had stumbled upon it randomly -- our friend, who is Indian (just dropping that part on you to give some credibility), told us that this place tops most Indian restaurants he'd ever been to. But, we had no idea!To sum up, before I add details about our experience, the service was impeccable, we were greeted and frequently visited by the Chefs/owners, were given passionate historical accounts of the recipes and recommendations, and were served some of the best Indian food from various regions that I have ever had. Oh, and I am Indian (just dropping that part on you to give myself some credibility)!First, you have to try the goat biriyani. It's prepared in the traditional style, sealed with a chapati dough to safeguard the steam and flavors, and tenderize the meats to a succulent consistency. The biriyani dishes are made to order (which is extremely rare), so you have to allow them about 35 minutes to prepare. We took a chance and ordered the second we sat down, before we'd even ordered drinks. Absolutely the right choice! Now, while I have not yet been to Hyderabad -- the biriyani capital of the world -- I can honestly say that the Great W'kana Cafe's biriyani is tied for first place as the best I've ever eaten in my life. Along with my father's recipe, my second-mother's recipe (who was with us at dinner last night, by the way), and a couple of street vendors' recipes in Mumbai, this place has a handle on it. If you don't get anything else here, order a biriyani! Trust me!**The only big issue that we had was there wasn't much meat in the biriyani. Hopefully W'kana will read here and improve on this. It's been mentioned in other reviews, too.We also ordered the okra. To this day, there are stories of my childhood addiction to okra. And, I know a lot of people don't like okra... but, trust me, it's only because you haven't had it prepared correctly. This dish will blow your mind! It's sliced lengthwise, something that impressed and awed our entire table, and cooked in a delicate blend of spices, with raw mango (I think).... It was simply heavenly - I couldn't get enough.The chole (stewed chickpeas) was made in a style that is far different from any you'll find in other restaurants, and really allowed the melange of spices to work on you, especially since the onions and tomato are added fresh at the end (as opposed to being cooked in, as in traditional recipes, which tends to overpower the entire dish with their own flavors).The house special Paneer W'kana (it's Indian cheese cubes, stewed in a light creamy tomato-based curry) was, again, something we'd never been introduced to. Fantastic -- as was the Chicken Kolapuri, although this was not as spicy as we'd expected. However, as mentioned above, all dishes are made to order, so you can ask for any degree of spice, flavor, or HOTNESS that you are in the mood for.Complement your order with the pesto naan (seriously, it sounds strange, but it will "WOW" you into coming back for more!), the garlic naan, and the roti -- all breads are made fresh, and brought to you steaming and delicious.We were a table of 6, celebrating a very momentous occasion in my life. But, in spite of the additional tables in the restaurant, we were afforded the same, if not more attentive, service. The owners are gracious hosts, and they probably have a combined experience of over 50 years -- cooking internationally at 4- and 5-star establishments, teaching in culinary institutes, and writing recipe books.All their spices are ground and blended in-house -- which, along with their fresh produce, accounts for the fresh and vibrant flavors you'll find here, as opposed to some other Indian restaurants that cut corners.Finally, in keeping with some of the other reviews here, my family is now seriously committed to going back repeatedly, to try every item on the menu -- this place is really just that good!And, in regard to some of the negative reviews here. I'm sure that every place has off nights, perhaps, and sometimes there's a glitch in the system. But, I also noticed that some of these reviews were a bit old. All I can counter with is that these folks really have it together now. Our experience was not only perfect because of the amazing culinary experience, but because of the service, the ambiance, the cleanliness of the establishment, and last, but not least, the wonderful and welcoming Chefs/owners of the restaurant who make you feel at home the moment you walk in the door.Go, eat, en
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,8/31/2012,43,170,10,13,9>We had the #24. (Octopus and Spicy Pork Combo!)We also ordered 5 fried dumplings as appetizers. My boyfriend & I agreed that it was eggroll filling in a dumpling. Confused my mind a little bit but it was pretty tasty nonetheless.You get to cook your meats over a coal fire and their vents are great! CaptiveAire is a known for having high standards on their vents. We weren't ever suffocated by smoke.  SIDES GIVEN:RiceSteamed EggSeaweedNapa Cabbage KimchiTripeDried FishDaikon RadishBroccoliPickled PepperRaw Garlic & JalapenoSalad with Sesame Oil & Chili Pepper DressingCucumbers The ladies are VERY attentive. BORDERLINE overbearing...but not yet. I like to cook my meats, including hot pots A FEW AT A TIME. I don't like to pile it on and cook portions all at once because it takes away from the experience for me and I like to eat slow-er when out. Our attendant came over about twice, and piled on my poor little grilled and literally started cooking for us. That's very nice and everything but it got awkward when she started putting pieces of meat on my plate to eat. THANKS. The complimentary dessert/drink at the end is so good. They serve it in a chilled tea cup filled with some kind of juice and rice at the bottom. I can't even describe it but the cold drink going down your throat after having some hot sizzling bbq is refreshing. Absolutely loved this place!
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,8/30/2012,229,174,5,11,11>Ok so a buddy at work told me about this place months ago but I kind of ignored him. So then one day after work instead of running at my usual spot, I decided to give this place a try. Omfg!!! This place is a runner's/cyclist's dream trail. The trail stretches from Hwy 6 and goes to the beltway 8, it has a couple of loops and all together they add up to 10.6 miles(not too bad). It was easy for me to run my 10 mile stretch being that I didn't have to run a loop over and over again to get my mileage, but just one time and I was complete. It is shady with trees and you run along the side of Buffalo Bayou so you get a real good scenery. Plenty of water fountains(about every 1.5 miles I think) so you can stay hydrated in the hell of summer. Bikers are courteous saying "passing on the left" when passing by and so are other runners. People walking there dogs are well mannered also keeping them on a leash and not allowing them to use the restroom on the trail. It's cool to run under the streets of Houston during rush hour traffic and see cars at a stand still while I go right past them inhaling the pollution(lol). My only grip is that I wish that the trail wider or they had a seperate path to seperate the runners from the cyclists because I'm sure they get annoyed going around us as do we. This park just gives me another reason to be envious of the folks who live in the memorial area, lol. Definitely a place worth keeping out if you are a runner,walker,cyclist, or just want a place to unwind and feel like your out of the city, oh yea, this parks doesn't feel like you are in the city at, feels like you wondered off into the woods! This review is more of a 4.5 stars than an actually 4.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,8/29/2012,155,207,4,9,8>Forget cupcakes! Bundtlets are SO much better!I've always been a sucker for cute desserts, especially beautifully fluted and petite bundt cakes.  Groupon had a $20 deal for Nothing Bundt Cakes, and I purchased it to try their delicious baked goods.  The staff at the Sugar Land location was very nice and helpful.  They even gave out a few samples to let their customers try their flavors.  I was happy to find out that the Groupon got me FIVE (yes, FIVE!) different bundlets, which are their 4-inch cakelets, without charging me any tax! I got the Red Velvet, White White Chocolate, Lemon, White Chocolate Raspberry, and Pecan Praline , and I LOVED every one of them! Every cake was extremely rich and moist, but not too sweet. Just the way I like it. The cream cheese frosting is delicious and beautifully iced on each bundtlet too!For $3.99 a pop, these bundlets are so much better-tasting and bigger than any cupcake I've had in Houston or New York. You can definitely share each cake with 2-3 people, unless you're a fattie like me and want to hog one allllll to yourself...I can't wait to try their Bundtinis and other flavors!NOTE: Nothing Bundt Cakes treats their baked goods much like Edible Arrangements with their creations - you can decorate them for any special occasion and gift them to any of your loved ones.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,8/28/2012,60,74,10,18,10>Best brazilian EVARrrr.  I have frequented a few brazilian waxing places in the Houston area, and this place wins in my book!  I had been going to places that use a hard wax - purple/blue in color and the aesthetician let me know I was probably scarred because of it, being so terrified of going to get my wax done.  Seriously - I used to dread going to my appt. - I'd much rather go to the ob/gyn!!!  This place uses a soft pink wax and strips, and previously I had read that the strips were worse than the purple hard wax so when I saw them (and was already laid out on the table bottomless) I wanted to run away!  But, to my surprise - there was hardly any pain whatsoever!  Seriously, I'm the biggest baby when it comes to pain, and I didn't think it hurt that bad at all.  So in conclusion I suggest every lady should treat their kitty to a visit to Pretty Kitty!  :-)
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,8/27/2012,83,145,3,9,7>Alex goes above, and beyond to treat your skin right. The short and sweet: cash & checks, appointment only, clear your schedule because it's not your typical 55 minute in & out facial at a day spa.At Skintopia, it's a very personalized experience. Alex is a very kind, warm, and energetic person. She is really passionate about skin and the products she uses. She really takes her time, and works on making you look good, and feel good. Have you heard of holistic skin care? I hadn't. But I'm into trying integrative-progressive health stuff.Initially, I visited her by chance because she's in my 'hood. I wanted to get my eyebrows done quickly. She did some complementary  work on my skin. I could not believe how good my skin looked and felt afterwards. I wasn't sure if I wanted to go back for a facial because 1. I'm on a tight budget. 2. I'm a little careful about committing to a place. It's pretty personal to have someone work on you. It's almost been a year though, and I could not get over how good my skin looked after that first visit. What I can't get over is how generous Alex is with her time and the attention she gives her clients. She could charge way more than she does for her services, but doesn't. She is a rare gem of a person.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2012,8/26/2012,439,285,7,12,9>Delicious food?  In the Houston Tunnels?   YES!!!  It is there folks, and it arrived in the form of Italian Meatballs and pasta!  Okay, some of you have complained about the price:  good food costs a bit more because its made with quality ingredients and not mass produced.  This is the case here at Brooklyn Meatball Company.Joey cooks it all by himself -- it takes a bit of time to prepare one meal at a time, but its totally worth it.  Hence, you will have a line when it gets busy at lunch.  My advice?  Come a bit earlier than the normal crowds from 11:30 to 12:30.  Not too early, as he hasn't quite gotten the Gorgonzola sauce ready yet.    11:15 seems to be the sweet spot --  anything earlier and its not ready -- any later and you'll be in a line resembling most rides at Disneyland.I'm sure Princes and Rico's are jealous of the long lines -- yes, the food IS that good.  Quality food has been lacking in the tunnels for quite some time -- and there are notable exceptions -- this is one.So, why not 5 stars?  One:  the process isn't down yet:  it all seems too new for the crew.  Some of them bounce into each other, get confused as to what order is what, who ordered what, etc.  Give them time:  they will get it down.  Two -- consistency:  sometimes I get bread, sometimes I don't.    This is mostly due to the crew not knowing who is doing what.  Once they work these small issues out, I'll be a regular here - the food is delicious!Bottom line:  Off the charts Italian meatballs with pasta!  Lunch has a new meaning in downtown Houston!Buon appetito!
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,8/25/2012,2219,1117,16,15,17>In the process of writing this review mentally as I was huddled under the overhang of the counter area to avoid the rain with three other people waiting, to actually hitting "Post" after eating, my thoughts ranged from three to five stars. At the end of the day it was an easy foursies to give because (a) I am a fan of this place, (b) I want my followers to know that even with my hypercritical review style it is still a place you SHOULD check out if you have not been, but (c) it is not like the best thing I have EVER eaten that I would be happy to be tortured by Ned Flanders as Satan in Hell with a Homer Simpson inspired never-ending deluge of hamburgers (or donuts.)Things you should know:(1) Phone in your order ahead of time. For serious. The woman on the phone was VERY nice, very accommodating, even offering to ring me when my order was finished. If that is not AWESOME customer service I do not know what is. The phone number is (713) 225-8044.(2) This is not in the nicest country-club gated community. But you should not be concerned about safety ... it is not a good marketing tool when your establishment has to deal with people being gunned down as they wait for their hamburger. It really is safe. If you are from Sugar Land I understand how it can be scary, but trust me, you will be fine.(3) Unless I went on a really off day where everyone was just high and giddy, everyone behind the counter was nice and friendly. Based on some of these reviews I was expecting the phone call to begin with "What the flying F do you want?" and to be greeted at the window with "Who the F are you cholo?" Everyone was nice. Makes me wonder if some of the more negative reviewers have ever eaten downtown in the tunnels or up above on the surface to experience some truly hellish piss-poor (sorry, pee-pee soaked heckhole thanks to the Simpsons again) customer service skills.(4) Get the fries instead of the onion rings. Haters be hatin' on the onion rings. But I love their fries.(5) Cheap lunch/dinner/linner.I went with the jalapeno cheeseburger and the chili cheese fries. Less than ten dollars by a bit. But more filling than spending twice that at a sushi place. See the attached photo for the monstrous amounts of food you are presented with. The burger is huge. The fry portion is outrageous as compared to other similarly situated burger places.Jalapeno cheeseburger: not as many jalapenos as I heap on my bad boy at Fuddruckers, but about double the amount Whataburger thinks you want when you need to pay EXTRA for them. So. Me gusta. The cheese is not fancy gruyere or anything but it gets the job done. It comes with mustard so just note that if you hate mustard, ask them to not unleash the mustards of war on your burger. Pickles, lettuce, and all that jazz in sound proportion to the size of the burger. The bun is large and thick. Not buttery and orgasmic like Fuddruckers, but again, I don't see the negative criticisms in other reviews. It is larger, doughier, and more complex than the typical corporate monstrosity like Whataburger. I wouldn't sell my soul for a truckload of these buns, but they are far superior to a Hubcap Grill experience. Oh wait - they regularly run out of buns since maths are kind of hard to those people to understand supply/demand and they have to turn away customers en masse at high noon, who I hope I run into on the street to send them somewhere much nicer (and recruit new Yelpers with the additional "You've been Yelped" cards that Farrah keeps supplying me with)Chili cheese fries: gangsta' like Stringer Bell taking an Economics course in the Wire. The chili is piled on high. The cheese is a melted slice of American cheese on the fries. The fries are heavily seasoned. This equates to awesome in some Neil deGrasse Tyson mad science that is unknown and inaccessible to many. Skip the tots (unless you are Napoleon Dynamite) and the onion rings as well. You want these fries - because you are not ready for this jelly.A hidden gem of "downtown" (Kim Son isn't downtown and neither is this - for the purists) but if you have a car, you live in Houston so you must, this a place you should definitely check out for a big ass burger and tasty fries. If you saw my ROTD for the Lankford Grocery & Market you should know that big ass burgers are like a batsignal in the sky for me. Sparkle's can call me at any moments notice to come eat until I split my pants.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,8/24/2012,95,300,4,5,4>If pizza was a drug, this would be it.  I am addicted to Brother's Pizza.  It's greasy goodness in a box--NY pizza the way it should be made.  At other pizza joints, I would add several toppings, but at Brother's I go straight up pepperoni and cheese.  It's served piping hot--so if you are eating there, take your time and have a beer or two.  If you're picking up, it'll still be hot when you get home. There's room for large parties inside and some tables outside if the weather is nice.   Would you drink O'Doul's if you had other beers to choose from?  So why order from a Domino's or Pizza Hut?  Seriously, try this place out!
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,8/23/2012,65,187,6,11,5>How the heck have you beer drinking Houstonians not reviewed this brewery more!? For Realz!?  I finally made it over to this brewery and was not disappointed!  For a mere 10$ you walk right in to the belly of the brewing beast along with your souvenir glass and drink tickets (4 drink tickets).  Try to plan ahead and get your tickets online (for now, the tours are limited to 100 lucky guests!) The brewery is still fairly new and like any brewery starting out with public tours, bare bones, but comfortable enough for some card playing and beer drinking!  Right amongst the tanks, sit yourself down at a picnic table, and enjoy some cold brew!  My favorite for the summer time heat???   The Hibiscus Wit!  One of my favorite beers to date!  Another must is the 1836!Like most other brewery tours, feel free to bring some munchies and maybe a game or two!  On Saturdays, you have a few hours to relax and enjoy some local craft brews!  Bravo guys!  Bravo!
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2012,8/22/2012,48,167,11,12,9>I believe someone airlifted this restaurant from a Beijing hutong to a Houston strip mall. It's small but you'll usually be able to find a seat on one of the wooden benches. This place is casual even for Chinatown. You have to try the lamb skewers and green onion pancake for starters. The lamb is perfectly seasoned but can be a little chewy if that turns you off. The pancake is greasy, flaky, and amazing. For the main dish I recommend Dan Dan Noodles. It's spicy and will sneak up on you. Once, I picked up Dan Dan Noodles to-go at Xiong's and I was so excited that I backed into another car in the parking lot. I left a note and told the security patrol, so don't judge me.I'd avoid the dumplings if for no other reason than the close proximity to Sandong Noodle House which serves up the best in Houston. You might even stop at Sandong for a plate of dumplings then head over to Xiong's for some Dan Dan Noodles. Man, I need to do that... possibly tomorrow.I also didn't love the beef noodle soup. There was something weird about the broth for me, maybe the acidity.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2012,8/21/2012,84,107,10,15,5>First impression upon walking in: I felt like I was entering some shi-shi boutique that specialized in Maneki Neko (good luck cat figurines). Pristine shiny white tiled floors, contrasting dark walls, massive back-lit photo murals of various glossy and airbrushed female body parts (eyes, lips... nothing risqué) and 2 rows of the Japanese cat figurines in glass display cases in the entrance way. Very sexy. Very LA.I hate LA.I'm a vegetarian so sushi enthusiasts would probably want to skip my review. However, I have lived in Japan (if that gives me any credibility) and the food that I tasted was just average. Then again all I had was vegetable tempura ($11) and a vegetarian roll ($8) - really hard to get wrong, but yet again, really hard to make it outstanding. The non-veg friends I was with seemed to enjoy their meal but with most experiences at high-end sushi restaurants, you leave thinking "I paid X-amount dollars, but WTF did I eat?" Drinks were delish but pricey - $15 for a specialty cocktail. Service was awesome. They give you the traditional Japanese welcome "irrashaimase" when you walk in (although they forgot to bow, damnit! And they need a little more practice. It's "ee-ra-shy-mah-seh" heh). Our waiter was super enthusiastic to help and offer suggestions. Timing was on the spot, considering they just opened.Katsuya found the perfect spot (West Ave) to attract what I assume is their targeted customers - the glossy, ritzy (dare I say pretentious and douchey) crowd who will probably flock here for dinner before they head over to Roak down the street. When I said it's so LA, it means it's sooo not my kind of atmosphere. But for that I can't knock off stars. With other locations in California and Miami, glad SBE saw potential in Houston. I hope it's a success!
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2012,8/20/2012,203,77,2,11,10>Zanzibar I must say was a first for me. Who'd of thought to combine a bar with an option to canvas paint by booking. Well it turned out to be a winner. Let me start by saying how organized the painting session was. I had the opportunity of observing set up BC I arrived early. Yes, I said early... The outside appearance of the blding. is a lil shady but once I entered I was totally comfortable. The bar area is set up like an island in a kitchen, lots of finish seating through out the facility. I particularly like all the mirrors on the walls and that nice dainty seating in the back of the blding. I took some nice pictures there. Anyway back to canvas painting. The seats are set up to accommodate the number of ppl. in your party. Each seating area had their own supplies, that was a plus in my book. They even had some cute aprons to use if you prefered. How thoughtful was that. The instructor I had is teacher and does painting classes has a hobby of hers. She explained all the utensils and their purpose, cool. She was also very patient and kind, she even made cupcakes for the session, how thoughtful was that, very. She was very open to answer questions and she made sure no one got left behind or stuck through out the session. In between canvassing, eating, and drinks we played games. It was a lot of fun. So the next time your thinking about doing something different for your Bday or whatever look em up. You won't be disappointed. Enjoy! }|{
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,8/19/2012,89,202,7,21,10>This site has held, dang, I dunno, way too many Mexican restaurants over the years, each of which lasted 3 months - 2 yrs.  Somebody finally decided to break the spell and try Indian food in here.The $9 lunch buffet doesn't have extensive choices, but what it has is good.  The Spinach Pakora is excellent - oily and crunchy with a nutty flavor.  They have lamb on the buffet.  Ken J. accompanied me on my second trip here and he praised the naan. He'd inadvertently wiped the Yelp app off his phone, tho, so I didn't get the Sharing-is-caring badge. :-(I've also ordered from the menu.  They have about 7 different Indian style meals, each with your choice of beef / lamb / goat.  I tried the lamb curry, fixed extra hot.  Solidly good, and a deal for the price.I will be back for goat soon.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,8/18/2012,79,113,5,18,8>All About Cakes is a nice and new spot in Sugar Land. This town just got sweeter! My sisters and I came in a few minutes before closing. We were greeted warmly by the staff who told us they were closing, but let us in on some cupcakes anyways. Chef Michelle came in afterwards and greeted us as well. I love the charm of this place. There's not many seats inside,  but that's okay, as most probably order or cater their desserts anyways. My sisters and I tried an assortment of flavors, such as red velvet, key lime, mocha chocolate chip, and banana pudding. All were nice and moist, with the right amount of frosting to cake ratio. The cupcakes had a very home made feel as well. My favorite was the banana pudding, as I have never tried it anywhere else, and banana is one of my favourite flavours. I like the concept of having classic southern favourites, such as the ones mentioned, and a few others Ive never seen before, such as peanut brittle, and butter pecan. A unique concept like this will definitely keep me coming back.As mentioned, everyone was friendly and treated us kindly. I call that true southern hospitality! I will be back soon to try out their other charming flavors.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,8/17/2012,142,119,13,10,6>I've never had a banh mi that made me say "bang me" until now....The boyfriend and I wanted something small to eat since it was almost 9 but didn't feel like Subway so we stopped by here. 10 minutes before closing we got there and there were soooo many choices to choose from but the cashier recommended the bbq pork vietnamese sandwich. We got the bbq pork vietnamese sandwich and added an egg inside and got it togo. Once we got home, I took a bite and the bread was still very crispy. I'm pretty sure if we had eaten it when we got it, it would've been even more delicious. The meat was marinated very tasty and the egg just made me have a foodgasm over and over with each bite. I think my sandwich was only $2.77 + $1 for egg + tax. So very worth it! Also, they accept credit cards. I must go back!!!I only wish they opened a little later. They close at 9 so get there before! :)
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2012,8/16/2012,38,362,3,12,10>We waited over a year to visit Hugo's after moving in just down the street. Not sure why - maybe it was the cars clogging our neighborhood streets, or the fear of grasshopper tacos. In any event, we went for lunch on the 4th of July and it was a star-spangled experience.We chose to split a salad from the special squash blossom menu. A mix of greens, cucumber, zucchini, flavorful sweet corn, and delicate squash blossoms in a very subtle lime vinaigrette. It was fantastic. David had a chile relleno stuffed with chicken, which had a nice avocado sauce and was served with a pyramid of rice, along with black beans in a too-small ramekin. He also complained that the relleno was too small. I had Tlayuda, a blue corn tortilla stuffed with skirt steak and homemade cheese. Every ingredient was flavorful and the flavors blended well, but the cheese really elevated the dish to a high level. For dessert we decided sharing was impossible, David got flan with passion fruit sauce and candied pistachios and I got bread pudding with sugar cane syrup, peanuts and a sweet cream ice cream. Both were incredible.The building is beautiful and service was first rate. It is one of the better dining experiences I've had in Houston, and if it were solely up to me Hugo's would get five stars. David had enough reservations that Hugo's will have to work harder if it wants that fifth star. One thing that's certain is we won't wait another year before returning.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,8/15/2012,107,90,3,9,8>Sunday Brunch is where it's at!A few weeks ago I came here for brunch and the small dining room was packed. Our group of 5 ended up waiting for a few minutes for an empty table. While some people might be annoyed at this we were all THRILLED. Having this much business at a vegan restaurant. It means they are doing well, and I'm always happy to see a vegan eatery thriving in Houston!The brunch was awesome, as usual. The only thing missing were the chocolate pancakes, but they said they were having a bit of trouble with the batter that day. Otherwise, we feasted on battered green beans, grits, greens, and a breakfast scramble. So YUM!!If you don't make it for the Sunday brunch, try coming for dinner. Recently my fella (who is NOT vegetarian) and I had dinner there. When we arrived for dinner at 5:30 (we're old), we were the only ones there. After they took our order, the staff told us to feel free to dig through the records and put some music on. We gladly obliged. The avocado tacos are amazing, for a meat-eater or veggie alike! We also got the vegan cheese "queso" which was a surprise hit with us.Don't come here expecting it to taste like the meaty versions of your favorite food. If you judge vegan food based on what it isn't, you will always be disappointed. Instead, just enjoy the food for exactly what it is.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,8/14/2012,413,275,6,7,6>Holy mackerel this place is the bomb diggity, no diggity no doubt! This is paradise for me... from Indian food (Chicken Tikka Masala) to indian-mexican fusion (Tandoori Chicken Enchilada and Baked Chicken Tandoori Quesadillas) to your British comfort food (Fish & Chips, Shepard's Pie). Sooo many tastebud exploding choices!!I got here around 7:30 on a Wednesday and it was crowded! We didn't get seated until 8:15... on a WEDNESDAY! But you know, that's wassupwidit. I got a Sweet Tea Lavender Lemonade cocktail while I waited. The cocktail was delicious and the food was definitely worth the wait.We started off with the Vegetable Samosas and since it was a Wednesday (Curry Night - what what!) we went for the curry and a pint. I got my fixing for Tikka Masala and washed it down with a Stella. The samosas are a flaky, crispy, soft, potatoey goodness. There's a plum sauce and a cucumber sauce that comes with it. The Tikka Masala was to die for. It's buttery, creamy goodness with basmati rice and naan was a taste of heaven with every bite. I was so full halfway through but I couldn't stop eating it.Needless to say it made for a very satisfying food coma. I will be dreaming of Tikka Masala tonight!
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,8/13/2012,99,168,8,17,9>What defines JUST PERFECT?It's like that thing when every aspect you want out of a restaurant actually happens.I feel like I just crossed something off my bucket list that was never really on it in the first place. When I made my reservation at Just Dinner, I knew it was going to be special, but I did not know it was going to be one of the best meals I've ever had.Properly equipped with 2 bottles of wine, my party of two settled in to the back corner of a charming, BYO bungalow in Montrose. It felt as though we were in the home of some great retired professor who took a chance and opened his living room up to a new lease on life....cooking.Our waiter, as likable as the home itself, welcomed us with chips and house made hummus as he presented us with a surprisingly long double sided menu of starters, pastas, fish, and meat.My boyfriend and I immediately looked over to one another after glancing at our options, and exclaimed: "TONIGHT! WE FEAST!" without ever uttering a single word.Alas, a chef after my own heart; enticing me with cheese plates and baked brie for starters. I came to my senses and carefully selected some seafood and greens as we knew gluttony was in our future.Out came a plate of inarguably, the best crab cake mankind has ever tasted. So meaty, I could be convinced not a single saltine was crushed in all of its glory. Meanwhile, the browned outer crust was seared in a way that it perfectly held the cake together without compromising the sweet natural crab juices inside. This app was so delicious, one of us may still be holding a grudge over who got the last bite. In other words, GET TWO!Joining the crab cake, we also ordered a wedge salad that came with a serious dose of blue cheese dressing, not that I'm complaining....girl's gotta get her greens in somehow.After much debate, we finally completed the challenge of selecting our main course. My biggest hurdle was deciding between the lamb shank and short ribs, but the short ribs  prevailed. It helped that the boyfriend ordered the filet mignon on a bed of Just Dinner's infamous garlic mashed potatoes. It was at that exact moment, where I made my one and only flaw by subbing the potatoes that came with my meal for blue cheese polenta. Who is a sucker for cheese?But before we could fully indulge in our tribute to red meat, our faithful waiter came out with bread and Just Dinner's signatures herbed butter - whipped into total submission. A clutch move.Our meals came out shortly after. My eyes grew in astonishment  as I watched the initial cut into what appeared to be a perfectly cooked (or not cooked) medium rare filet mignon. This could only be the foreshadowing to my very own short ribs. Indeed, my short ribs were so tender, my knife became obsolete. I honestly felt blessed to be enjoying such a delicious plate - I must be doing something right.I excitedly dipped my fork into the blue cheese polenta when I quickly realized I had ordered too much flavor (that's possible, ya know). Shame on me for questioning the chef's decision to accompany these blessed short ribs in some sort of port wine reduction of heaven with simple potatoes. Sure enough, I sampled the mashed potatoes off the filet  - holy moly; the smoothest most fantastic potatoes ever. A true gift from the starch gods.Feasted - we did, to the point where we could no longer indulge in their dessert menu.What could make such a romantic, delicious and comfortable restaurant even better? It's commitment to SLGT. Just Dinner is the most "local/sustainable" restaurants of its kind. Oh, you want me to prove it? They use the finest / most organic ingredients no amount of money can even buy. I'm talking HEART people. Just Dinner uses heart in every aspect of their establishment - right down to the Paper City magazines they use as table cloth. Talk about green!I understand that I just wrote an encyclopedia of one of my most prized dining experiences in a long time, so here are the Cliff's Notes: Crab Cakes, Short Ribs, Mashed Potatoes. YES, YES, and YES..There you have it, folks. Just Dinner. Just Perfect.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,8/12/2012,182,219,7,5,6>Sweet Paris is hardly the first Creperie in Houston, but I think it's the best. Don't get me wrong, there are other great crepe spots in Houston, but this place has the best location and ambiance. Also, this place has something the other ones don't have- Orangina (which I much prefer to Pellegrino's Aranciata). There is no WiFi, but this place lends itself for reading a guilty pleasure, catching up with old friends, for gossip and chit chat - more so than for answering work emails or writing papers. This place is too cute for that.Their crepes have the perfect texture.. they are sturdy enough to hold the delicious Ham and Mozzarella, but absolutely fluffy and easy to eat.  The Alaskan crepe is the perfect breakfast crepe with smoked salmon, egg and capers!! I like it without the egg, but that's just me. Their Nutella with strawberries might be my favorite, but really, how can anyone mess up Nutella and strawberries.I like the flavor of their Argentinian dulce de leche, but I wish they were more generous with their dulce de leche. My crepe could have used more of that sweet concoction. Their chicken Pannini was good... it was huge though! I couldn't eat half of it! It's better for sharing :DI have tried both their lattes and cappuccinos, and I give both of them the thumbs up. I was recently recommended the S'mores crepe, and I can't wait to try it. I'm sure it won't be long before I do. It's such a shame that I just started working out, and that this place is walking distance from my house because this will thwart my fitness endeavors. Alas, at least I'll have good crepes.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2012,8/11/2012,156,143,6,7,8>Regardless of your palate or desire in wine, you can find something here you will enjoy.    From the highly knowledgeable staff to the simple industrial Tuscan feel of the establishment there are many diversions of 13 Celsius to appeal to ones senses.If you expect to get a wine by the glass and pay 5 dollars for it, that is about what you might expect.  This isn't the kind of place you go for a simple "house wine", so leave that mindset at Chili's.   Its one thing to be ignorant, its another to be a useless troglodyte. Speak to the staff, they know what they have and in many cases they are more than willing to pour a taster.You will not find a better wine bar with more education and selection in Houston.While it can become quite crowded and noisy there is always a very friendly and inviting vibe even with the concrete walls.So put on your good shoes, spend a little, invest some time and you may find yourself drinking something you wouldn't expect and meeting someone you might just like.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,8/10/2012,108,130,10,19,11>ok. let's just get something out of the way.i love all things Asian. i love the food. i love the art. the drinks. the language. the soap operas. the spas.i especially love Vietnamese coffee.  In fact, i am considering a trip to Vietnam, in part, to bask in the glory of daily Vietnamese coffee for a short period of time.  but ALAS, ca phe phin has SAVED me thousands of dollars (for now) by opening their shop in Clear Lake. Their coffee menu is vast.  They offer standard western coffees (Lattes, Cappuccinos, etc) and Viet coffee.  They also offer their own spins on Vietnamese coffee.  They have a huge variety of teas, and smoothies too.  don't forget the boba, coffee jelly (YES!) and ice cream (matcha green tea, FTW!!).they have live music occasionally.I would offer 5 stars if they were open earlier when I was on the way to work.  they don't open until 9am ): They are closed on Tuesday...why....? Also, if they offered banh mi, i'd be knocked up a star too.  (they do have some croissant sandwiches, but i just like the standard banh mi).They do print on their menu that you can call your order in ahead of time and they'll have it ready for you when you pick it up!here's a tidbit for ya: ca phe phin is the metal french drip filter used to make Vietnamese coffee!  *rainbow* the more you know!!
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,8/9/2012,233,113,11,14,12>I've been to Bedrock about once a month on average for the passed year. (and every time we're eating at Les Grival or The Counter we travel across the street to browse the comic store.)I absolutely love it. They have everything from Fraggle Rock dolls to Wonder Woman boyshorts to classic figurines and of course, old and new arrival comics.. it's never ending. They have TokiDoki vs. Marvel tees and Archie comics!The store is spacious, extremely well organized and the employees are always helpful, polite, and knowledgeable. Growing up, I used to pass on playing with my Rainbrow Brite doll to see what new X-men mag my bro was reading. I may not be the biggest comic nerd but I still consider myself a fan.Do I get into the actual stories? Not as much as I'd like, but I love comic illustrations.. I love vibrant colors and the capture of movement in a drawing.. it's such a brain stimulant even stepping foot in Bedrock! (Ok so maybe I'm just a geek.)
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2012,8/8/2012,287,298,8,15,14>After driving around 2 hours looking for a parking space at the Rodeo's BBQ cookoff, we decided to throw in the towel & head somewhere that has a decent martini & pizza. Thinking about the experience we had at The Hideout a few weeks back had me suggesting Capone's. Capones' is located off of Mid Lane & is part of a small shopping village. They have valet & some parking in the back. You can park across the street at the bank but only after they are closed or you risk being towed. When you walk in there is a nice sized bar that features their brick oven which they use for all of their cooking so the menu is limited, pizza heavy yet creative. Entrees/pizza names like Two Murdered Birds: quail stuffed with "none of your business" & Stinky Chick: pizza with smoked chicken, bacon & blue cheese crumbles will have you chuckling to yourself. If you just want a drink (martinis are above average here) and appetizer I suggest ordering The Essential: sliced pizza bread served with garlic infused EVOO, goat cheese, gouda, assorted meats, roasted mushrooms, spicy pineapple, pesto, artichokes & olives. Yumm-oh-my-gosh!!!!!But we wanted pizza so we ordered the Godfather and Caesar salad to split. The salad had very fresh, crispy romaine lettuce & their dressing was very light. Topped with herbed croutons this salad is refreshing. The Godfather pizza has tomato sauce, sweet Italian sausage, pepperoni, fresh jalapenos (which they deseed so you get the flavor of the jalapeno w/out the sting) and mozzarella on top of a thin, crunchy crust which is charred around the edges giving a nice smoky hint. I usually don't like meat on pizza but this baby changed my mind. Capone's has a nice sized dining area with a bar in the back called The Hideout (read my other review for the scoop & hours). They also have a front patio with about 10 - 12 tables. Tuesday - Saturday they serve food till 2am so for those of you looking for a new late night place to hit, I highly recommend this place. They also feature a live band Tues - Sat. Go. Eat. Drink. Listen to music. Enjoy.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2012,8/7/2012,320,247,14,14,11>Wait a second...I looked up Bodard Bistro to update my review, but as it turns out...I never did a review..whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa???....TROI OI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!It is probably a good thing anyways because I went here recently and the food was delicious, fresh, came out at a decent time AND service was great!!!When I lived on this side of town, I went here for their pho...which was always good.  Then management/ownership changed and they got skimpy on the food.  So we stopped going.  This was 2 years agoSince I live far far away from this place, there is no reason for me to check this place out......but I went here because a NYC gf of mine was craving their special nem nuong spring rolls.  And of course, I was craving it too!It was about 7 of us and we ordered the special spring rolls, salt toasted squid, chinese broccoli with beef, vietnamese catfish in claypot and the lotus/shrimp/pork salad.  Everything was delicious.  During dinner, I had to text my hubby to tell him that we need to head back here because the food was so darn good!!!Service was great, prices were cheap and of course, food was good.  I hope they are doing well because I will REALLY miss this place if they ever closed.I may just head there again this weekend!
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,8/6/2012,439,301,9,11,11>First off, I'm a novice to Korean food, so take the review as you wish. The place is a nice size, average strip mall size. The staff were all nice and homey. Carlos was the best and very welcoming. I guess my WTF face was evident since reading the menu on the wall was not gon happen since you need a little translation for the dishes. He politely asked if it was my first time, if I liked spicy food (which of course I do) and made the suggestion of #2 or #7 with pork. I chose the latter for $8. It came with tea, a bowl of miso which my taste buds did not care for, and a very good but super small cup of salad. Make it bigger + the pork from my meal and I would have had the perfect lunch combo. Now to the main dish, the rice dish had a fried egg on top, was spicy but not too bad, and filled with what appeared to be onions which I loved. But the pork was the star. Really good, wish it had been more considering the large amount of rice. It was served in a cast iron skillet on a wood block and was steaming hot long after it was brought out.  Probably the cause of the rice being crunchy and stuck to the bottom. Clearly I can't compare it to other Korean fare but it was OK tasting, I didn't gag lol and I enjoyed it more, the more I ate it. I like my eggs cooked a little harder. Based upon the fact I was the only non-Asian person in there, I'd assume the flavors to be pretty authentic. It was a good new tasting, I prolly won't order that again but I'll definitely return. That pork is too good not to. I was told it also came on the #2, so I'll try that next.They have paper menus on the counter btw with descriptions of the food in English. Decent food, great value for the money and nice service. Check em out!
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,8/5/2012,215,403,6,15,13>In an excellent year for restaurant debuts in Houston, Oxheart is one of the standouts.The main concept you need to embrace to come here is one of trust.  You need to be able to close your eyes, fall backwards, and hope the chef catches you.  Yes, this place is prix fixe when it comes to menus.  It's a very personal, handcrafted experience.  If you're the person who needs to substitute half the items in a dish in a "regular" restaurant, please move along.There are two...err three...choices.  The "Spring" Menu (meat), the Garden Menu (vegetarian), and the Tasting Menu (spring+garden).Small plates, local ingredients, strong and balanced flavors.  Exquisite food.  Delicate.  Every spoonful an explosion in your mouth.  Examples?* The best "generic" table bread.  We had focaccia with olive oil and garlic, some nights are pretzel rolls with mustard-butter.* Small tomatoes, some raw and some cooked, with bay leaf, small cheese crisps, pureed pine nuts, herbs.  They had me at this.* A crawfish plate, with the crawfish wearing tiny fermented carrot hats (my pic is posted).  The rice was phenomenal--cooked in the stock, permeated with flavor.* A delicious stew of barley, herbs, and brandade of hake.* Perfectly flaky, seasoned, slow-cooked beef shank with yellow grilled carrots.  I despise carrots...well, until I had these.* A tasty peach mulberry tart, but I'm a chocolate girl so no comment.The wine list was reasonably priced with a good selection.  I did note that they are very heavily tilted toward lighter styles.  They do corkage for that special bottle.The decor was a melange of interesting concepts.  Overall, a very open space with a view straight back to the kitchen.  A lot of bar seats, and even the "back" tables had a pretty good view.  Bright, large windows.  The next level down was a rustic Depression Era American (the one from the 1930's, not this one) with distressed unfinished blocky tables.  Silverware and dishrag napkins in drawers that you pull from.  And strangely, twigs everywhere.Finally, an undercurrent of steampunk.  I'm talking the very awesome leather aprons the servers wore, with utilitarian pockets that had pens and pulltaps in them, but you could just as easily put engineering tools or implements of cruelty in them.  An elaborate copper piping ending in long-filament tube bulbs as a light fixture, though it would be less cool if you walk into it and destroy it.Overall, an excellent culinary experience with a great vibe.  Come with an open mind, or check your closed mind at the door.  And don't look for the sign (they don't have one).
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,8/4/2012,196,278,8,14,11>Food trucks are one of the hottest trends in urban dining.  If you're in central Houston or Austin, you have dozens of options for fast, affordable street food that puts fast food chains to shame.  But if you're in the suburbs, your choices are far more limited.Pioneering the food truck culture in the Woodlands is the Wicked Whisk food truck, a new truck from ninja chef Jay Stone.  Jay's truck is a big, black Mercedes van, decked out with a state-of-the-art mobile kitchen, plasma screen menu, music, and exterior lighting.But as cool as the truck is, we're here for the food.  Our attention was immediately drawn to the Texas Melt, a hefty burger featuring hand-formed Angus beef, applewood-smoked bacon, a schmeer of peanut butter, and housemade jalapeño jam, all on a fluffy cheddar roll.Biting into this substantial burger revealed a perfectly prepared medium-rare patty, rocking an aggressive char.  It was juicy without being runny, and comported itself with a bold, beefy swagger.  The crispy applewood-smoked bacon added a nice accent, and we were pleasantly surprised by the creamy peanut butter flavor, which melded beautifully.  The mild jalapeño jam was a wonderful finishing note, with plenty of flavor but only a smidgen of heat.  Even burger purists will enjoy this outstanding burger.On subsequent visits, we tried the outstanding bolillo - braised, pulled pork, friend plantains, smoky cheddar, and a peppery aoli on a fresh, toasted roll make for a very satisfying sandwich.  We also sampled the fascinating pork belly sliders, dressed with a minted cucumber - a unique flavor that really made for a delicious slider.The only downside of the Wicked Whisk food truck is that currently (as of April 2012) they're only in the Woodlands on Thursdays at lunchtime, and their location on Robinson road is a bit out of the way.  But we keep going back; they're worth the drive.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,8/3/2012,123,317,6,12,10>I really recommend this incredible BBQ spot.The guys have been cleaning up on awards at the Rodeo Cookoff for years, and now they have opened up a restaurant near our house!They won best brisket in 2010, and you have to come here to see why.  It is so tender and flavorful, and always hits the spot.  I have also tried their chicken, turkey and sausage, and all of their meats are really tasty.  They have combo plates available which is a lot of food for a great price.The kicker is that the owner's are so friendly, always going around the restaurant making sure people are having a great time, and it is hard not to with great food in a great atmosphere.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2012,8/2/2012,38,55,6,8,10>In Spanish, the word 'Pico' is an endearing nickname for the 'Toucan' based on the renowned characteristic of this colorful bird, its beak; similar to saying 'Hooter' in English to describe an 'Owl'.  The restaurants name makes it easy for figuring out what will be on the menu this evening and let me give you a hint; it's not fruit loops.More traditional than its English counterpart, the restaurant offers Yucateco style dishes showcasing moles, platanos, cacahuate, y mariscos in a soulful expression of pre-Colombian Mesoamerica demonstrating the uniqueness and variety of Mexican cooking, with plates exploding with flavors not found in the North, the standard to which almost everyone is familiar with.  A place fit for the Mayan Gods, satisfying their insatiable appetites with appeasing food and drink, quenching their thirst for life, giving us mere mortals a look inside their domain.To begin, I ask for a PicoRita Silver Mucho Grande (48 oz.) $15.00 - the house margarita consisting of clear and transparent 100% Agave Silver Tequila , the perfect drink to  accompany the delicious dark rich moles on the menu.For dinner, I go with the Mancha Manteles Plate (literally meaning Tablecloth Stainer) - a dark rich Mole (peanut and ancho chile sauce) from Oaxaca consisting of pork sautéed in plantains, sweet potato, apple, pineapple, and sprinkled with sesame seeds for $14.95."I'd rather die standing on my feet then to live on my knees", the famous words of Mexican revolutionary hero Emiliano Zapata decreeing his fighters will die defending their land-rights  in a class struggle against the hacendados, then to continue working it as the peonage.  Sipping on the delicious PicoRita, I'm wondering why Tex-Mex dishes are on the menu, especially when the restaurant proudly bills itself as Mex-Mex? Bowing to the masses is unnecessary, stand firmly on your feet and stay true to the food.Take a seat in their outdoor patio, enjoy your conversation, sip on drinks, take your time as there is no hurry at the restaurant. After 20-25 minutes, the server brings out the order. The plate is so beautiful one must stand back and appreciate its complexity. After the first bite,, the tanginess of the pineapple fights the sweetness of the mole; the sweet potato provides the body.  This dish lives up to its name.I wholeheartedly recommend Pico's Mex-Mex restaurant for tasting cuisine from Central and Southern Mexico; I promise it is totally different from what you understand Mexican food to be.  Enjoy!
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2012,8/1/2012,154,362,10,14,9>I guess since I'm currently the duchess of Myung Dong, I should finally write a review.  SO GLAD I found this place!  It's my favorite Korean restaurant in Houston.  The last time I was there, I thought we were going to get shot driving to Myung Dong (the bf decided to flash his headlights at a car who pulled out in front of us...that car followed up a good couple blocks yelling and sticking their limbs out the window.)  Moral of the story here is keep your road rage under control while in the hood!I think they have a tiny sign out front, if they even have a sign at all.  Browse through the pictures on here if you're heading there for the first time, so you know what to look for.  Go ahead and seat yourself when you walk in because it will be a while before the husband decides to greet you.  Order the spicy pork for sure...the galbi is pretty good too.  The bulgogi doesn't have much flavor.  If you have a big group, get the seafood pancake.  When the bf and I go, we always get 2 bbq dishes and have enough leftovers for ~4 meals.  I think each bbq dish is $15, which is significantly cheaper than most other Korean restaurants in Houston given the portion.  Oh yeah, bring cash.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,7/31/2012,102,148,11,5,6>Que Huong?!?!  I don't speak Vietnamese but I'm pretty sure this means Que Rico!  It's a divey Vietnamese joint in Alief/energy/westchase .... whatever this area is called ....  I was seriously starving and Yelp lead me to this place.  Now the place was a little dirty looking and it seemed like no one spoke English, and after an awkward exchange with the waitress, we got some great food!  I don't actually know what I ordered since we think the waitress came back and told me i was going to get something else.  I had ordered ga luc lac, which isn't on the menu but a lot of places make it anyway, well this place wasn't gonna make it.  So the lady came back and said some jibber jabber and ended with the "..., ok?"  so i just went ahead and agreed.  So the food is good, and cheap but the ordering is a little complicated, i saw many different types of people from various ethnic backgrounds so i think you will figure it out
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,7/30/2012,687,439,6,15,13>"EAT" the sign outside ordered us.  Fine.  I will.  Had the rock star parking.  Sat at the bar gazing directly into the kitchen as the food was prepped - no wait on a weekend at 8?  I will definitely eat.I really like the vibe of this place.  It is reminiscent of a lot of places in NOLA that I like.  Upscale diner yet not too fancy and uppity restaurant.  I loved everything that I had.  And everything that I tried.  And the service, Mr Handlebar Moustache that looked like the Progressive commercial guy?  He was cool too.  Try the deviled eggs.  If you like eggs and you like oysters.  You will love this.  It is a fried oyster, with pieces of ham on a deviled egg.  What puts this thing out of this world amazing is that the ham has hints of syrup as well.  I could have dined on this alone.Given my earlier dining choices that day, I decided on grilled chicken with gravy on the side.  I really enjoyed watching the preparation of my food.  Best seat in the house!  It was pretty good for a healthier option.  I'm sure the side of asparagus and bacon jam wasn't the best option as a side but I don't regret it.  That bacon jam should be a staple for any refrigerator.  Tried the fried shrimp sammy and was a little jealy.  Should have gone a little less healthy.  Extremely delish with fresh flavors that melded incredibly well together.  Tried some onion rings as well - they were big as your fist and more tender than crisp.  Also delish.This is by far one of the better restaurants in Houston.  I am mad at myself that it has taken me this long to make it out to try it.  And on that note, this is my 200th.  And I'm happy that it's for an establishment worthy of it.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,7/29/2012,225,440,6,14,12>Yes, Yes, Yes!I don't live in downtown Houston, but I'm there often enough that I can appreciate a great grocery store moving into the area.  Since I work nearby, it's nice to have a grocery close by that I can stop into on my way home from work for a few ingredients for that nights dinner.1.  Free parking...any establishment with this downtown is already a bonus.2.  Variety...you can find major label brands and lesser known specialty items for restricted diets (sorry you gluten-free-ers).3.  A top notch bakery...freshly made pita, loaves of bread, and desserts galore!4.  Convenient packaging...the meat department will help you with specific cutlets of meat, or you can get the items prepackaged.  They package most of the meat in smaller servings, which is much better when you are only cooking for one or 2.5.  Pricing...they are priced equivalently with most suburban grocers, which was unexpected in the downtown area. 6.  Multicultural items...I am not very schooled in the art of cooking many ethnic dishes, but I love a grocer that supplies different cultural foods for the nights I want to experiment in the kitchen!Phoenicia also does a great job with creating a nice shopping ambiance, with great customer service and no waiting for checkout.  I am definitely a fan, and will continue to visit here when I'm in the area!
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,7/28/2012,427,838,8,20,19>As a Texas Ex, I was both excited and saddened to hear Tyson Cole's Uchi was expanding to Houston. On the one hand, it's UCHI: not only a premier Japanese gastronomic experience, but also a top-notch service atmosphere. And now, for Houstonians, it's just 20 minutes instead of 2.5 hours away. On the other hand, eating at Uchi Austin just felt...special. It was something to look forward to, to salivate about, to want longingly. It was a mecca. Now, it's just...there.But for Houstonians who have never experienced the splendor of Uchi, I'm glad it's here for you. I'm here to tell you: it's real, and it's spectacular.Uchi has taken over the old El Felix space right off Montrose. The exterior, like the Uchi original, is nondescript. In fact, they've maintained the old El Felix signage, and you have to squint closely to make out the chameleon Uchi logo. Going to Uchi (loosely translated to "inside the house" in Japanese) should feel like going to a personal dinner party. (Albeit a dinner party with loud noises and very trendy people.) Reservations are strongly recommended, although Uchi leaves quite a few number of tables for open seating. If you don't have reservations and are coming during peak times, expect to wait an hour plus.I went on Mondays both pre- and post-opening, and the volume of people intensified greatly. Either way, service is always first class. Dishes are brought one or two at a time, in the order you're supposed to eat them, and with detailed explanations from the server. It's all part of the "intimate" experience.The menu is incredible, and you pretty much can't go wrong with any dish. There's some dishes that have stood the test of time since the original Austin opening, and some new ones from Cole's flavor experiments. Experiment is a good descriptor. The purpose of Uchi is supposed to be a daring, yet traditional, take on sushi. I wouldn't define it strictly as fusion, but it's not going to have a Japanese-only menu plastered to the wall, either.I'll talk about a few dishes that may be worth your while.From the cold plates, the Machi Cure is a fun dish. It's smoked yellowtail with a variety of "chips", and is meant to be a Japanese take on nachos. I tried the Hama Chili for the first time, and loved the citrus-sour taste of the yellowtail with Thai chili. My friend strongly recommended the Uchi Salad, a wonderfully simple dish with a chips and salsa feel.From the hot plates, the Hot Rock is always a fun dish, especially for children. I strongly recommend it for first-timers, though I don't think it's a value priced dish. Likewise, the Hamachi Nabe, a clay pot rice dish, is enjoyable but not substance-to-price friendly. My personal favorite is the saba shio, a grilled mackerel that's wonderfully salty, mellowed out by squirts of lemon.For maki, the Zero Sen roll has long been one of my favorites. It's yellowtail with avocado, shallot, cilantro, tobiko, yuzu; wonderfully simple, fantastically delicious. The Biendo used to come deconstructed, but at the Houston location it's a fully made roll. With frozen grapes and a spring roll, it tends to surprise in a good way. My dining compatriots loved the Ham & Eggs.Most people pass on the sushi/sashimi offerings for the more playful, fusion-ish dishes. However, I can't recommend enough ordering just pure fish here. It's some of the best, freshest cuts you'll find anywhere in Texas.But for me, these are four absolute musts:1. Waygu Beef Special - Hands down, the best beef I've ever tasted. It tastes like the best Texas brisket you've never had. Cooked sous-vide, it's amazingly tender, wonderfully fatty, and perfectly peppered. If it didn't cost an arm and a leg, I could eat this every day for the rest of my life. It comes with some other accoutrements depending on the day, but I'm all about the beef.2. Foie Nigiri - I'm not a huge fan of foie gras, but this piece of heaven made me change my mind. Recommended eaten upside down, it sits on your tongue and melts in. if your eyes don't roll into the back of your head when you eat this, we can't be friends.3. Scallop Special Sushi - This was on the specials list, and I can't remember exactly what type of scallop it was. It tasted silky smooth, with just a hint of saltiness and well-open to your personal palette's interpretation. If you're going sushi, pick one from the specials.4. Fried Milk - I still lament the extinction of the Cracked Black Pepper Sorbet, an impeccably constructed dessert (see my Uchi Austin review for more). The sorbet itself is on Houston's menu, just not the full dish. The fried milk, while not nearly as refreshing as a sorbet, is a nice, heavy alternative. The toasted milk looks like tongue-in-cheek Rodeo fare, but it tastes eons better than a disgusting batch of Fried Oreos. Crispy on the outside, smooth on the inside, and tasty throughout. It was by far the best of the three desserts I tried.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2011,7/27/2012,364,610,8,13,11>I've been thinking about writing a review for this place for a very long time.  The reason I have not written yet is because I could not decide between 4 or 5 stars.  This week, I took another group of out of town guests to the place and their reaction sealed the deal.  5 STARSZydeco is over in a corner of downtown that is not very heavily populated by the gleaming towers of wealth.  It's more off in a blue collar corner, near the Brown Bookstore (awesome), the co-cathedral, and a U-Haul store.  If you work downtown, ya gotta walk for it, or drive.  I suggest walking as you're going to need the exercise to work up a hunger for the huge portions and then you will need to walk off all that incredibly yummy food that you snarfed and chased with the bread pudding.  On the way, stop off and get a huge cup of coffee.  You'll need it to stay awake in a little while.  Walk in and prepare to gaze on the cafeteria style presentation of the victuals.  Be sure to turn off your cell phone.  It is a no phone zone.  Then, get ready and ask questions if you don't know what to get.  They won't steer you wrong.Everything at Zydeco is delicious, wait, no...DEEEE-licious. I've eaten the oyster po-boy, and it was tasty.  I've eaten the smothered pork chop and it filled me with divine tasty torpor.  I've eaten the crawfish ettouffe and it made me want to camp there so I could get some more once I digested the first batch.  The red beans and rice, NOM.  The gumbo, NOM.  Almost everything there is WONDERFUL.  Notice I said almost.  Yes, I have found one thing to be critical of.  I am not happy with the corn bread.  It has sugar in it.  Sigh.  Ok, no preaching here, you see how I feel.The  funky vibe of the Zydeco Diner makes me happy.  It's not that studied "We hired designers to get us a funky zydeco feel" that you get from chain joints.  It's that organic funk you get from a place that has been there for a long time and added things on, removed things that broke, and just had that internal inertia that causes things to accumulate.  Love it.Get yourself on down to Zydeco and take some out of town guests.  Feed them till they're silly and enjoy your own big plate of Zydeco love.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,7/26/2012,839,439,,17,12>This place was packed last Friday night. We finally found a parking spot in the weird lot with the car wash and headed inside. It was not that packed inside and I toured the place to find out why- their outdoor patio was huge! It was also open to the main dining room and chilly outside so the whole place was cold. There was a musician out on the patio too. When he was on break, they turned on a very loud radio which was actually louder than the live music.We grabbed a booth inside and were greeted by a very friendly and knowledgable waiter. Since it was our first time, he explained the menu and some of the unknown foods. We ordered a couple of drinks, mine being the Sweet Tea Vodka concoction which was tasty!The centerpiece of this dining area was definitely the bar. Several guys were bellied up and laughing it up with the cute bartenders. We ordered an appetizer to start, bread and dip which came out in 5-8 mins. It was ok, but when we were done, we waited another 30 minutes for our food. We had ordered the sampler for two, so we could try several different items. The waiter came by once to apologize for the wait and explained that there was a big group in front of us. We weren't in a hurry, so it wasn't a big deal, until the 2 women in the booth behind us, who arrived 15 minutes after us, got their food while we were still waiting. Hmpm.The food finally arrived and the manager came over to check on us and apologized again for the wait. He offered free dessert too which was nice!!The food was different but really pretty good! The cheese sausage was my favorite! The cream cheese struedel was also excellent!We were return!
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,7/25/2012,466,956,3,11,9>I had never been to a drive in theater so when the opportunity to go to one came up, I refused to miss it! My mom, sister, brother and myself drove to Hockley to watch a movie. We chose a movie that had just debuted the week before. We got there at about 7 and there was a long line of cars waiting to get in. You pay $5 per person and just park in the area designated for your movie. We found an awesome spot and waited for the sun to go down. They have a concession stand that sells a good variety of snacks. Only thing is that you must carry cash with you! No cards allowed.The movie did not start until after 8:30, so the wait for pretty lengthy. They said something about having technical difficulties. Once the movie actually started it was a pretty awesome experience. The weather was perfect and I ended up watching the movie outside with my brother and sis. This place is awesome for kids as they have grass in which the kids were having a good old time! lol. I love this family friendly place and other than my car getting super dirty, everything else was pretty cool.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,7/24/2012,117,159,38,28,28>Who says that a man can't enjoy the finer things in life. So I got a mani/pedi here and absolutely loved it...don't hate.So lets walk through the reasons why there is absolutely no shame in my game:Warm Jacuzzi bath for your feet= AwesomeWoman massaging your feet and hands= Totally freakin relaxingSmelling like cookie dough after hands and feet being massaged with lotion=SpladowNo longer have Fred Flintstone feet= CheckHands no longer looking like I just came from working in a coal mine= Double checkComplementary glass of champagne/wine= Where the hell has then been all my life!Being completely pampered for an 90 minutes of my life= Ill be back very soon!So hey guys, don't let those b.s. male stereotypes get in the way of you being pampered and feeling like a million bucks! So go enjoy yourself and I bet you will be sucked in just like I was.The End.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,7/23/2012,299,191,4,11,8>Mongoose vs. Cobra is located in a historic place in Midtown right across from Leon's Lounge. The parking is a bit tricky. They have a small lot next to the building, but I just parked along the street. The atmosphere when I walked in was dark and inviting with high ceilings. Crowds of friends gathered with their pint of brewsky. The service was attentive and informative. She was a doll for letting me sample a few beers before I decided on one. As a craft beer drinker, I liked how there were beer selections that I haven't seen before. Strong ass beer too! It's nice how they also have have half pints on certain beers. Cocktails are also served. There's a 2nd floor tucked in the back of the building for you to get away from the hustle and bustle with a TV to watch sports. Come here if you heart beer and dislike Bud Light!
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2012,7/20/2012,47,24,5,14,18>You have heard the hype, and maybe even how Bon Appetite magazine wrote that this is one of the top 5 most anticipated openings of the year - and deservedly so!Chris Sheperd has created a gourmand paradise in which the scene and the hype are upstaged by the strength of his culinary creations. Make no mistake about it, you come here to enjoy food that is prepared with a profound appreciation of its origins, and to break many concepts that we have about how to eat it as well as serve it. First of all I will refrain from writing any sort of 'review', since anyone that has worked in the industry, as I have for over 20 yrs will tell you that, that is simply not fair or indicative of a restaurant's potential strengths or weaknesses. All openings have little to no bearing on what a restaurant will become, because like any new endeavor it is a work in progress.Having said that, this is a diamond in the rough that is already shinning!Underbelly is incorporating all the things that I like about fine dinning, without the showy attitude or over priced pretentiousness that is often found in that world. The food is not overly technical, or sub-molecular - but rather elegant simplicity, that is well prepared and allows the quality of the ingredients to shine forth without too much fuss. The menu will change almost weekly and the wine list is equally thoughtful with the vast majority of the wines under $60, a small minority up to $100 and less than a handful above that price. The decor is stripped down minimalist design with lots of wood, and a warm inviting casual atmosphere. Overall the vibe of the staff and the place is attentive but laid back  - as if the food and the overall experience is being allowed to speak for itself. This is not a place to show off, work the crowd or network; nor will they mimic food trends or even break new culinary ground; but rather, it is a place to enjoy the greatness of food that is crafted with care, passion and love. It's a creative culinary expression of a city's history, and one that is often left out of the national conversation of regional influences and greatness.That, after all, is what we do around a table: we sit with good company to experience and appreciate all that food and life has to offer with appreciation, grace and excellence.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2012,7/19/2012,278,508,11,11,7>Holy cow!  (Did you get the pun?)  This place is freakin' delicious and a beautifully complimentary blend of two great cuisines!  My coworker and I braved a tunnel adventure, which quite frankly felt like an ant colony in a windy and torrential spring downpour, to partake in a yumyum-in-my-tumtum pizza. We split a 12" pizza between Mitul's Masala and The Slumdog.  This is a thin-crust pizza with that corn meal (methinks) sprinkled on it.  Then it comes LOADED with all these toppings.  The (male) coworker preferred the Slumdog; I prefered the Masala.  Nevertheless, it was delicious.Watch out - these pizzas have the "dim sum" effect.  You think you haven't eaten a lot, and then you stand up.  And then within five minutes, all those meaty toppings hit the main of your digestive system.  (Up until this point, they've been queuing at the base of your esophagus.)  Your poor stomach will spend the rest of the afternoon or evening mulching slowly on the pizza.  Such a pizza would easily suffice for two people.  This place isn't too expensive, but has an innovative, near-gourmet taste to it.  I highly recommend this place, especially if you work downtown.  It's worth the hike.  Or the ant colony.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,7/18/2012,84,184,5,10,9>Pricing for the samples listed below all comes with a blue token for the Rodeo Clown and 3 red tokens for their 4 other beers - eh, if my token counting was hazy the beers were still good.  $7 tour - small glass, $12 tour - larger glass with same glass for the $7 tour and then $25 both glasses and a T-shirt.  I tried the Karbach Rodeo Clown at the Whole Foods beer bar in Bellaire and instantly became a fan!  The awesome chick at WF said they have tours at the brewery and I was there the following day.I tried the Hopadillo and a bit of the Weisse Versa Wheat but my fave was the Rodeo Clown and it's a sneaky, sneaky beer like their site says, "Rodeo is nice if drank twice and if you drink thrice you'll be a Rodeo Clown."  No kidding. It reminded me of a brewery in Austin, since I adore Austin, I loved it!  The Flaming Patty food truck outside the brewery serving up some good ol' local burgers (I didn't try it) at a local brewery is local awesomeness!
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,7/17/2012,115,362,4,10,7>Crawfish and Noodles has moved just down the road on Bellaire to 11360, and is much bigger than its former digs at 10613, brightly lit, with particolored tile and flat screen TVs. We immediately ordered several pounds of crawfish and, in a moment of irrational exuberance, wishing to sweat out the previous night's toxins, requested them extra spicy. We shortly discovered that this means they can degrease engines. I also couldn't resist the nuoc mam chicken wings, and we also got the less exotic, though still delicious, Asian garlic honey wings. Once the marinade caramelizes on the wings, it becomes addictively sweet and savory, and the fish sauce imparts that ineffable umami flavor that you can't put down. The Asian garlic honey wings were good too, but everyone kept returning to the nuoc mam wings, topped with crispy fried shavings of onion and garlic.We ended up ordering 11 pounds of crawfish over the course of an hour or two between 5 of us. The first few pounds in the late-afternoon came out quickly, but as we drifted into the dinnner hour and the space filled, subsequent batches took longer. The service, however, never faltered, checking in on our table from time to time and refilling drinks, especially while we were eating those insanely hot "extra spicy" crawfish. The $7.99/lb. price tag might be a bit high, especially for small January-sized mudbugs, but these really are some of the best tasting crawfish in town. We backed it down a notch on the next round, or we thought we did - note that "regular" actually means no spice at all, not "regular spicy." For that, just order "spicy." Anyway, once we got dialed in on the spice level, we were set, and I can't wait till the crawfish get bigger later in the season.We also requested a platter of salt and pepper blue crab, which came piled high with 3 to an order, covered in diced onions, garlic, and green peppers.Cracking open the legs and compartmentalized bodies, fishing out the sweet, succulent white meat, we happily contented ourselves on the bounty of the sea. The slightly sweet glaze on the outside of the crabs was delectable to pick at, and would make an excellent preparation for soft-shell varieties so the whole thing can be eaten, meat and all.As we head into the spring and the proper seasons for these crustaceans, Crawfish and Noodles is going to be high on my list of venues. They've only been open at the new location for a month, so they're still waiting on their liquor license, but you can BYOB in the meantime.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,7/16/2012,387,597,8,14,12>Houston, sometimes you surprise me.After having some seriously gori style bland in flavor but rich in ghee and cream at Bombay Brasserie, I was heartbroken at the thought of being without great Indian food. I was actually craving some muttar paneer, but they don't have any pea-cheese dishes here. We had palak gosht, chicken hara masala (their 'green curry' chicken) and the baigan bharta (an eggplant dish). I actually tried to order the white person favorite, chicken tikka masala, but the owner swayed me into ordering their "house specialty" with the green curry chicken. NO REGRETS. I love that it is actually a little spicy. You like no chiles? You like to not sweat or blow your nose while eating? Don't come here. It's not overwhelming to my palate, but just perfect. Their food is not overly rich. You won't be feeling sick from eating too much cream. It's real, straight up Pakistani/Indian food. I love that you get an entire round of naan for every entree order. You do have to pay for rice, but you get a LOT of rice. I loved their green curry chicken and their palak gosht. It was so perfectly spiced and flavored with tender delicious meat. I was really impressed. The eggplant in comparison was pretty bland, but that won't stop me from trying some of their other veggie dishes. Definitely best for take out. Unfortunately, they don't seem to answer the phone reliably. However, a take out order does not take that long and you can always meander around the shopping complex. Take a look at the mural on the back wall. It's a nice rural scene in Mexico. For some reason this made me love this place even more.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,7/15/2012,269,274,9,15,12>I have always been a big fan of Little Woodrow's.  While I was sad to see Beer Island close, I was excited to see a Little Woodrow's opening up in that spot. Great covered patio and a lot of LCD screens with your favorite sports event playing.  Little Woodrow's has always had a decent selection of beer on tap and an impressive bottle selection.  Saturday afternoon I had Karbach Rodeo Clown and a couple of Phoenix Double ESB's from Real Ale.  As you walk in, the bar takes up the back wall and is to the left a bit.  On the right are the restrooms.  Just like Beer Island it's a huge patio destination and this past Passover weekend was perfect for such said patio. I saw people walking from BB's with Crawfish.  I also saw the Pink's Pizza delivery guy drop off a few pizzas.  I will spend some quality time at Little Woodrow's in the coming months. It's laid back with a full bar and plenty of beer, which means they have something for everyone.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2012,7/14/2012,3161,3020,6,18,10>WIth summer here, what is there to do?I'd love to travel, but the budget is tight so I must stay within town.  That doesn't mean you can't have fun.  I loved going to the original Schlitterbahn in New Braunfels and was curious to see if the Galveston is just a fraction of the excitement.First off, if you're already located on the SE side of Houston, or surround suburbs, IE: Clearlake, the drive to Galveston is only about 30-45 minutes away.  Requires no extra lodging so you save right there.We arrived on a Tuesday afternoon so it was actually somewhat empty.  The main lot was only half full.  They have another lot on the side for busier days.When I first got in I was like I WANT TO RIDE THEM ALL!!! From a far it seemed like that might be quite difficult.  After packing away our keys and such in the lockers, 10 dollars, but if you return the key you get your 2 dollar deposit back or a souvenir cup.  We rushed out to get onto the first ride.  The wait was only about 5-10 per ride and the rides themselves are done in a few seconds.  Most of the rides were calm and not too crazy, but I must say the Rawr? (Tall Pink Ride) was scary!!! It had my heart pounding, and I guess the smaller kids are too afraid because by the time you get to the top of this ride it's your turn to go.  The partner ride Faust and Furious? (Blue Twisty Ride) is my 2nd favorite ride.  The way they have it designed is that each ride has a partner ride next to it.  But overall there was only about 12? Adult rides?  Then there is the lazy river.  They have 3 varieties.  The first is pretty straight forward light current, the 2nd is the torrent river has HUGE waves, and the 3rd is more of like a rapids type river with drops and turns.  It's short and you get through the whole thing pretty quickly,  we made several rounds on both double, single, and just swimming.  We arrived at 1 pm and left by 5:30.  I totally thought we would stay longer but we just ran out of things to do.  The funnel cakes are actually pretty good, fully loaded with ice cream.I would suggest visiting this site for deals:schlitterbahncoupons.orgHEB/Kroger/Etc has gift cards that will save you about 2 bucks a person.You can bring coolers so if you trust leaving stuff out or have a big group who rotate that is another way to save.  We brought a few bottles of water but ate before and after being at the park.Also I would recommend aqua socks as the ground gets HOT!
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2012,7/13/2012,189,289,8,14,11>Ok, first of all I'm going to have make this statement. This place is NOT called the sky bar! The sky bar was located on Montrose and that place was a closed a looong time ago. Yes, this new place was dubbed the "new" sky bar, but the official name is Scott Gertner's at Houston Pavilions. Nowhere in the vicinity of this establishment will you see anything that says "Sky Bar". Okay, I got that out of the way, let's get to the actual review. And as usual, my review will only be for Thursday Latin night.As the name implies, this place is located at the Houston Pavilions in downtown which means parking will suck unless you're willing to pay $5 to park in the garage. But trying to find parking on the street with plenty of other bars and restaurant around, and the House of blues being in the same complex, and oh, a bowling alley. Good luck!  Also, it costs you $10 to get in. Okay fine, it's free for the ladies up until 11 PM. But for us guys, it will cost you at least $15 before your night is even started. That kind of blows because $15 could get me ALMOST two mixed drinks here.Yes, even after paying a fee of $10 to get in, drinks are expensive! I guess they have Shots/drinks are $8 - $10. I'm not sure how much beers are because I haven't bought beer there.Dance floor = HUGE compared to other latin places such as The Horn or Fox Hollow or Tropicana. But then again, this place gets packed. And I mean REALLY packed so huge floor turns into barely enough space anyway. But you'll still have plenty of space to dance.  Also, since this is kind of a hip place where people come just to come and not necessarily dance salsa (correctly) but just to dance and have fun, and there are a lot of people on the floor who are having too much fun. What I mean with that is this: they dance ALL OVER THE PLACE!!! Come on, people! In Salsa, we try to dance in a slot and not jump all over the place bumping to other people. That's kind of rude. But whatever, they have their fun and I guess that's all that matters. Not a big deal.As for the band. They're not too shabby. However, stop playing songs that are like 10 minutes long!! Trying to dance salsa past 5 minutes is already really tiring. Trying to dance through 10 minutes of song? That's just exhausting. Usually I come here wanting to dance, have fun, enjoy the music, yada, yada, yada. But by the end of the night, I won't feel like dancing anymore because when I do, I feel like I'd have to stop dancing in the middle of the song or start dancing in the middle of the song just so I won't have to try to dance through 10 minutes of song. Cut down on the length, people. Really. And please, play more bachata!!! EVERYBODY loves bachata. I'd rather hear more bachata and salsa instead of cumbia. Seriously.People are fun. There are nice people here. I think I've talked to more random people at this place compared to other latin places that I've been to. Also one of the bartenders is SUPER nice and she makes awesome drinks!! I will be coming here for the near (or far) future for salsa dancingPS: Oh I forgot to mention that they also offer free salsa class at 9 PM. I think. I'm usually here past 10 PM but a friend of mine who came around 9:30 told me that when he came, salsa class was still going on. Sooo yeah, you might want to call and confirm that if you're planning on taking the class.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,7/12/2012,361,477,1,17,11>I have a middle-aged dachshund who has lost motor function in his hind legs twice in the past two years due to herniated discs in his back.  Both times, our vet kindly referred us to Dr Bubenik's office to handle the surgery, and both times my beloved dachshund has come through with full recovery (thank God).  The staff at SLVS is great and friendly and sensitive to the needs of the clients who come to them for a variety of medical reasons.  I'm thankful to the surgical team at SLVS for the help they've given to Stewie and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them to others in need.  They also have a Care Credit program where you can opt to pay for treatment in monthly payments (I think 6 months no interest - which is a big help when an unexpected bill like this comes along).
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,7/11/2012,210,276,4,12,9>So I have seen this Taco Trailer sitting here in Alvin for many years. From what I gather it is an institution in Alvin. While I was there a bunch of High school kids stopped in as well as some old timers. They have a couple of picnic tables for dining in front and 2 igloo coolers with can drinks or Mexican bottled sodas. I went with the tacos campechanos and the beef fajita tacos both on corn. My wife had the spicy chicken and the regular chicken. It took a few minutes but the tacos came out piping hot. My campechanos was like Mexican crack. They have a lot of options but I think I would have a hard time straying from this awesome taco. The fajita beef was good  and the spicy chicken taco was on par with the campechanos. The real topper is the spicy green salsa they offer. I'd buy a gallon if they sold it. It was spicy and delicious and made took the taco to a whole other level!  To top it off I grabbed a cold Mexican coke from the ice chest which set it all off. All in all if you are cruising through Alvin on 35 you have to stop here. O and the real topper?  It's called Taco city and I just love saying that!
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2011,7/10/2012,27,77,2,9,6>I've been on a Thai kick recently, which is why I found myself cruising down 45 S to find some satisfaction at Thai Jasmine.  For you ADHD, non review-reading yelpers, here's the money shot:  Thai Jasmine might be serving up Houston's best Thai food, and it does it, on average, more cheaply than its competitors.  It's a bonus that the waitstaff are attentive, helpful, and generous with the complimentary tapioca dessert bite.Their red curry is flavorful and packs a reasonably spicy punch at a heat level of 4 out of 5.  My only gripe with the dish is that it could use another vegetable of some type, but I didn't notice until after I'd devoured every bit of it.  That's a testament to good food.Their tom kha gai is also fabulous.  Be forewarned that their recipe includes tomato, which at first glance makes the normally white soup look a little like red curry.  Flavors are well developed and are second only to Kanomwan by a very small margin.  I think the deciding factors for me are the use of tomato (it slightly muddies the flavor profile) and the mouth feel being slightly thinner.  They also leave a bit too many inedible lemon grass bits in the soup, which was somewhat frustrating.I tried a small bit of the fresh ginger dish as well and thought it was good for what it was.  That type of dish really isn't my thing, so I don't have much to say about it other than I thought it was a bit better seasoned and less boring than at some of the other places at which I have tried it.  The bottom line:  prices are cheap, food is outstanding, the staff is accommodating, and the trek was more than worthwhile.  I will be going back and slowly eating my way through much of their menu.  Very highly recommended; my #1 Thai pick in Houston, as judged against Kanomwan, Nidda Thai, Nit Noi, Vieng Thai, and a few others whose names currently escape me.  If my future experiences continue to live up to this level or exceed it (like by removing the debris from the tom kha gai), I'll boost it to five stars.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2011,7/9/2012,476,176,3,10,4>I'm not the hugest fan of Mexican food, so this was the first time I'd been here.  It's open 24 hrs a day, which generally bodes ill for food quality, ie Waffle House and Denny's are open 24 hrs, but I was happily surprised!! Spanish Flowers serves good Mexican food, though it's not exactly cheapI had the carne guisada, which I highly recommend. Lots of meat and not a single bit of fat or gristle. We did tell the waiter we wanted flour tortillas and when a different guy from the kitchen brought our food, no tortillas. Luckily I know some Spanish, so I asked for the tortillas again. We then had an annoyingly long pause while we stared at our rapidly cooling meal. At last, here came the long lost tortillas!! You'd think a Mexican restaurant would be awash in the damned things, but I guess not. The food is very good, the servings are huge, and I felt like a beached whale afterwards. I was quite pleased apart from the slightly inflated prices. I'll certainly be happy to go back.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2012,7/8/2012,125,603,5,10,6>,I thought I have seen everything I could have possibly seen in the usual Asian markets that are near my Northside residence until I made my visit here.It is not the cleanest store you will find but the "smack you in the face" scent of rancid fish does not hit you in the face when you walk into the door like I have been accustomed too.  In fact you do not realize it exists until you wander around and find a miniature tunnel to the seafood market.Today there were about 4 or 5 food vendors giving out samples of different foods and selling off bargains to introduce you to their product, kind of like walking around a Spec's warehouse ( Smith) on a weekend but with food.  I have never seen this in three other supermarkets that I usually visit, plus!GINGER CANDY! They have it they have it!  I've passed by here hundred's of times and ass u me d that most all Asian markets are the same give or take a few products.  NO, this place is like a conglamorate of departments rolled into one roof, bundled together screaming at ya to visit each one.  The roasted hanging chicken to the left, the secret hallway tunnel fresh seafood to the right, the bakery to the middle right, the back chop chop meat section and the fresh produce with vegetables you will not find at your local H.E.B. or Krogers.Prices were below average here.  For example, one pot to cook in which I priced in at CheapMart.....er Walmart would have costs about $40 easily, it was $18 here and not that thing stamped steel cheap stuff you can get at Fiesta.You will not find a large variety of hot tea if you look here but there are tea products that I have never seen in the "others".  The candy section is very large however, and yes stock certain candy which I have found it hard to seek.Parking, if you had road rage embellishments on your way here, you haven't seen anything yet, you will find it hard to get in and out of the isles during peak times because the businesses here bustle, that is a good thing though, fresh product and good business for everybody.  Happy Foods Supermarket, you hast earned a new customer.__________________________________________________­___Tip for new yelpers:From a labtop or home computer, go to the actual Yelp.com site and you will find a talk/forum section, there you will unlock/find a whole little community of people that you can get together during little lunch and dinner events and real face to face advice about their experiences at their visited businesses.  The application that you are reading from your Droid phone will not let you see the "talk" or "event" section.  So virtually you are only getting half of the good service provided from here, try it out, you'll be glad like I did
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,7/7/2012,556,161,9,15,13>"Man, I just wanted to let you know that this burgermade me have a food epiphany. It is hands downthe best burger I've ever had."- Theodore B, Boston Yelp EliteSaid during a conversation with the cook at Burger GuysThe burger is done as perfectly as can be done without going over the top. The meat is seared to a perfectly pink medium, juices ready to drip all over your fingers and arms. If it's not running down your arms then it's just not a good burger.I've had the pleasure of trying...the Saigon - pate, daikon & carrot, sriracha-lime aiolithe Buffalo - blue cheese aioli, onion strings, celery, fried blue cheese crumblesthe Sydney - cheddar cheese, fried egg, grilled pineapple, aiolithe Dude - classic double meat burger with secret sauceThey were all good but my favorites were the Saigon and the Buffalo. The Saigon is a great take on the banh mi in burger form. The Buffalo has so many great components and if you love blue cheese like me (refer to profile picture) then you won't be disappointed.Oh, but I'm not done bragging. DUCK - FAT - FRIES. Evidence that surely some beautiful, French trained men run the joint, and I am grateful for it. Served in a tiny fry basket, big enough to share, but you won't want to. Their Tabasco marinated onion strings are none to shabby either. They have a real zing. To accompany these perfect sides are in-house made sauces. There is something to be appreciated for a place that goes out of their way to make their own ketchup. And to wash it all down you have the soda machine that only carries Real Cane Sugar sodas. It's a nice change to the standard Coke or Sprite.Somehow, I ended up smoking a cigarette with one of the cooks outside. He told me that almost everything is made in-house and one of the owners once had one of the top restaurants in France, the other being a graduate from a French culinary school. This shows in the food. Though it is very simple in nature, the perfect execution and attention to detail make it something more than just a burger.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2012,7/6/2012,223,269,15,16,12>Y'all, I can change your mind about this place with two words. CURRY FRIES.Oh, sorry. Two more. SCOTCH EGG.Otherwise, I hear ya about the strange staff. I took my parents here on New Year's Eve when they were visiting and to be fair, they're not the easiest patrons at any restaurant that doesn't include "Indian" and "Vegetarian" in the description. They asked a lot questions and the waiter went from apathetic to surly, which put a damper on the meal. I think he also thought that I was being reckless or rude because I happened to walk out of the restroom at the time he was carrying a tray of drinks-and he almost walked into me and said "OKAY, THEN." He looked like he'd had a few so maybe it was a combination of tipsiness and hating his life. Whatever. The Goan shrimp curry was absolutely fab (my mom said it reminded her of Goa), my dad actually enjoyed his spinach paneer pizza (he's the pickiest eater alive) and I had a good but not great lobster risotto. There was also some appetizer with puff pastry and sausage (I think?) that was quite tasty. I usually hate sausage so this is remarkable in my eyes. The food and cocktails were good enough that I wanted to go back, service notwithstanding.I took a friend from Boston and we discovered that they had a Happy Hour menu. People, get the curry fries off of the Happy Hour menu. This is a non-negotiable. We really enjoyed their cocktails, knocked back some Karbachs (any place that serves Karbach gets an automatic three stars from me) and splurged by ordering a Scotch egg. Nommmm, breadcrumbs and lamb. The waiter was also much cooler this time. I think this place could be improved and actually very enjoyable if there were better staff. The food is really quite good and the drinks are refreshing and tasty. I wanted to muster up some British or colonial-inspired-line to end this but nothing really came to mind except for "Who's ready for more gin?"
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,7/5/2012,328,306,9,19,9>Hawthorn is hidden in the Upper Kirby area behind the Cafe Express (the old Dorsia space, if anyone remembers that). You can save yourself the valet if there is space along Cafe Express, after their reserved hours. The space is dark, reminding me of old school cigar clubs. There's a front dining room and one in the back, along with a fairly large bar. The seats at the bar seemed a tad too short (or the bartop taller than usual) so it didn't seem like it would be comfortable to dine there. Nice wine selection along with a full bar, presented on an ipad. Onward!*Apparently I need to specify that the list below was shared between 4 people!Beef Carpaccio - tenderloin of beef, extra virgin olive oil, Parmigiano Reggiano, citron salt, arugula greens: perfect circle of presentation, salty beefiness, highlighted by citrus from the salt and lemonPotato Gnocchi Lombardia - house prepared potato gnocchi in a smooth, young gorgonzola and light cream - THANK YOU for a properly made gnocchi! Beautifully soft and creamy Char Grilled Baby Octopus - petite Dutch potatoes, cucumber, shaved red onion, chilies, Sicilian extra virgin olive oil and fresh lemon: tender, tender octopus! Sweetbreads - pan fried veal sweetbreads with a house prepared marmalade of fresh strawberries, honey, chipotle, sun dried strawberries and Banyul vinegar: very nice texture on the sweetbreads, not gameyNew York Strip - grilled New York strip steak, maître d'hôtel butter and grilled asparagus: great steak, delicious compound butterVeal Chop - pounded thin, pan fried on the bone, simply with grilled lemon and arugula: excellently simple Jumbo Lump Crab Cake - pan roasted and finished with grilled lemon and smoky roasted tomato butter emulsion: good amount of crab, nice crustFilet of Beef - pan roasted filet of beef with Gruyere potato stack, roasted woodland mushrooms and natural jus: great texture, savory mushroomsThe dessert menu isn't online and I can't remember exactly what everything was. They were all very good, the cheesecake was especially light and airy - Ricotta Cheesecake, Chocolate hazelnut torte? Apple crostada? Panna cottaRecently it's been listed in a number of local food press pages - one of which said it was one of the most underrated restaurants in the city, and I'd have to agree. Now that I know where it is, I'm sure I'll be back. It did take a little while to get noticed while waiting at the bar, but otherwise the service was polite and professional. At times it seems like the kind of place where pretty women in their 20's like to look for rich older men, but that won't deter me! I'm there to eat, not look around ;)
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,7/4/2012,543,497,6,15,14>The owner is really personable, very friendly and open, which automatically makes me like this place.  Being from New Orleans, I often go through poboy withdrawal...extreme poboy withdrawal!  If you was to peruse one of the talk sections I started (yelp.com/topic/katy-who-), the very first place that was mentioned when I asked where to get a good poboy in Houston was this place.  I finally had an opportunity to go here, and I am glad that I did.  Being from New Orleans, I am rough on New Orleans food, so let me start off by saying that the gumbo is okay.  I have too many experiences with gumbo, so unless it is taste bud popping good, most people will only get an "okay" rating for their gumbo.  If you purchase it, I am sure you will not be disappointed.This is a poboy shop, so let's talk about that.  I finally got the bread that I wanted for my poboy craving!  A great poboy starts with great bread!  This is the closest thing I have experienced to a New Orleans poboy in Houston.  I had a shrimp poboy, which was great.  I had a ham & cheese poboy, which was great.  I had a chicken poboy which was great.  I was surprised how much I enjoyed the sweet potato fries with the honey added to them, but the owner knew that I would, and she was correct!  I want to try the crawfish, and I was told that they just received a liquor license, so there was much alcohol on the premises!  There are desserts to choose from, which includes cheesecake, but I did not try any...I just wanted my poboy craving squashed.One tad bit of advice:Lunch time is crazy busy here, but the early evening to closing time is quick in and quick out.  If you are looking for a fast and delicious dinner option, you really should stop here!  Get it fast and get it good!
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2012,7/3/2012,172,157,4,11,7>Today was my first day at the new location of Yoga One Studio.The nearest major intersection is Chimney Rock & Woodway.It is near Edible Arrangements.Beautiful yogis made their way to the studioand to the hot studio room for the class right on time.After signing in, there are two doors that leads to the yoga room,one just past the front desk on the right (front entrance)second around the end corner near the bathroom (back entrance).What I liked about the studio was that it smelled clean; it didn't have that funkyhumid smell that can occur in a hot yoga studio.Two white fans above help the air circulate nicely.Curiosity got the best of me, I looked around for thesource of hot humid air. My hunch is that it's coming fromthe air vents above.Quietly everyone took their mats and warmed up,moments later Roger, the instructor came in.Imagine my surprise when I realizedI wasn't in the middle or in the back ofthe class, I was in the front. No pressure! haha The exercise was brutal but I am glad I tried it.My knees groaned from lack of support.My thumb is angry at me for making it numb.My tummy rebelled going towards nauseaMy head felt dizzy.Perhaps I shouldn't have drinked my liter of water,15 minutes before class. I did stay hydrated though.I don't know why I hold my breath sometimes during poses, the yogi newb is showing.I need to learn to breathe better.Yoga seems like a form of exercise whereloud breathing is actually encouraged.Every instructor is unique.What I liked about Roger's style is that he speaksloudly and clearly. He spent a good deal of timeproviding gentle corrections to help beginners toadvanced yogis make the most of the experience.Roger was encouraging, happy, and motivating,and that's important when the going gets toughor when you want yoga to be a mental, emotional, physical rejuvenation time.Reassuring words were offered frequently andgenuinely, it helped me remember that becominghealthier is a process.I hope that with more practice,my body will come to embrace yogaas an excellent form of exercise.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,7/2/2012,251,713,8,18,16>Perfect spot for Brunch.  Even better for breakfast.  If only there were more eateries around like this place.I'm bored with all of the coffee shop bruncheries.  Coffee, standard food that may or may not reek of Sysco standardization.  With bland cookies and baked breakfast items, then genera-coffee centric blended drinks (from mediocre syrupy lattes to acerbic regular cups of joe).  Cheap Tazo-caliber tea in paper filters.  Death in a teacup.Pondecheri breaks free of that mold.  It's brunch done Indian-style (via RO).  It's "safe" Indian.  But still, it's amazing hybridism.  Try not to over think and define it.  Also, I do know that the owner is pretty focussed on the local and healthier side of restauranteur-ing, so many items are relatively healthy (ghee has no milk solids - low in fat and lactose-free) and many items are marked gluten-free.They make many standard things (that most restaurants would buy at the store or via Sysco) in house.  Paneer, ghee, infusion mixtures, chai.  This is all remarkable.  I mean, they taste so fresh and remarkable.I had a Shafti Infusion.  Cardamom pods, almonds, orange or lemon peel, and cinnamon and/or clove (I think - can't recall).  It's one of their three in-house made herbal teas that aren't listed on their online menu.  They also have a few chais that smell fantastic.  I didn't take notes, so can't recall the finer points, but to quote their menu, "menu might change due to seasonally available ingredients, relentless experimentation, and musing moods."I also had the Saag Paneer Omlette (which I could have gotten with just egg whites) and a few cookies (3 for $5) for much later.The Saag Paneer Omlette was WON-DER-FUL.  Perfectly spiced.  Perfectly resting on a parantha.  Somewhat heavy, but kept me going all day.  I wound up at the Galleria shopping for winter-weather-worthy leggings for several hours, but survived thanks to this magical dish and Hue.The cookies?  I got the Pistachio Cardamom Shortbread (needed rosewater), Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Chili, and the Chocolate Hazelnut Basil (gluten free).  Oh, and a Madeleine (coconut, rosemary, and spice) was thrown in gratis.  Sigh.  I really wish macarons would die off and be replaced by Madeleines.  If all the macarons in all the land ceased to exist and were replaced by only Pondecheri's Madeleine, the world would be better for it.  The cookies were good too, but that Madeleine was where it was at.I plan to stop by for dinner, but if I limit myself to eating here once or twice a week, it's going to be so I can eat my way through that perfect breakfast menu.  Although, the lunch and dinner menu looks divine.  Fish Curry?  Carrot Paranthas?
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2012,7/1/2012,343,368,5,12,10>Truffled Egg Salad sandwich is probably one of the top 3 sandwiches I've ever had in my life.  If you want a blinding white atomic explosion of flavor in your mouth ;) HEYOOO, Local Foods has the bomb of a sandwich to execute that mission.  Like Oppenheimer and the Manhattan project, the chefs at this modern shop have created products that will change the Houston sandwich scene.  I've also tried the Duck Confit,  whose sweet cranberry preserves the succulent flavor of the fowl.However, I haven't been too impressed with the sides.  Although they're healthy and farm to market fresh, most of them are a little too bland for my palate.  I suggest substituting the sides with a nice cup of soup.  The clean atmosphere and happy workers also makes Local Foods a great afternoon hangout.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,6/30/2012,265,191,16,11,9>As I write this, I am wrecked once again courtesy of Davenport. Every time my friends & I come here, we always have a raging hangover the following day and can be found in our cubicles with forehead firmly planted on our desks and overhead lights out. The drinks are THAT potent.They've changed the drink menu to a laminated, two sided menu versus the flip book. I suppose it looks more modern and streamlined. I can't suggest one bad drink here and the bartenders always pour with a heavy hand. Try any of the myriad of martinis and you'll know why this place is deadly.Also, it's super dark inside which can  be good for tryst. Not that I have any experience in that. Dear God, let this ugly review end. Will edit when sober.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,6/29/2012,424,539,18,26,17>Ok, let me give you the DL on why everyone's raving about this place outside the loop....yeah, you heard me ITL's...OUTSIDE THE LOOP.Ever had the original thin crust pizza?  No, I'm not talking about Tostino's (sorry college students)... and no, I'm not talking Papa John's or Domino's.I'm talking about the one from Naples, Italy!Apparently there are rules and regulations on how to make an authentic Neapolitan pizza.  There's even an association that oversees this called  Associazione Vera Pizza Napoletana or VPN for short.  So you just can't say you are serving this type of pizza without their approval!So what makes up this special pizza? 1. Ingredients - Type "00" Italian flour, San Marzano tomatoes straight from Mt Vesuvius, sea salt, fresh mozzarella, and fresh herbs.2. The oven - built in Naples and shipped here, with materials from Mt Vesuvisus (are you seeing a pattern here?), and that can burn at over 900 degrees F.3. The dough and pizza itself - hand mixed and stretched, cooked in the oven for just 90 seconds, and voila!  Food for the Queen!  *The first pizza was actually made for  Queen Margherita of Italy in 1889. The ingredients were chosen to resemble the Italian flag - red (tomato), white (mozzarella) and green (basil). Hence, the Margherita pizza was born!*Oh gosh, and where are my manners? I actually haven't told you how great and life-altering the taste of this pizza was!I ordered the Pomodorini, which was a step up from the traditional margherita.  It had tomato sauce, fresh grape tomatoes, garlic, basil, and mozzarella. It was $14 for the standard 12" size, as it's really big enough for two people with sides or one person who is really hungry like me!So you might say to yourself, this is kinda pricey! I can just get two slices for less than $8 at Luigi's! BUT have you tried THIS pizza before? And no, you don't have to come here everyday, but come here to experience it at least once.  And if you don't like it, then that's your loss.But I digress...My taste buds were tantalized and stimulated from that first bite of light, chewy dough, mixed in with the fresh cheese and tomato sauce.  Basil and garlic later exploded in my mouth with the next bite, and the grape tomatoes added their wonderful juices. Capped off with the finale of the crust, which was slightly charred (but just right) and I could taste the sweetness of the dough.I really don't eat crusts, but this was the exception.  I was actually going to save a quarter of the pizza and take it to-go, but after experiencing such perfection right from the oven, I had to be a glutton and finish off the rest!And apparently the couple next to me had the same idea, as they ordered a second pizza to split between them!As far as what to order, stick to the basics for your first pizza, then work your way up.  These types of pizza boast great flavor with simple ingredients.  No meat lovers here where meat-cheese-meat layers give you indigestion.I would not recommend getting this pizza to-go (despite what Jefferey did!), as this is really meant to be eaten hot and fresh.  Otherwise, you lose the crisp texture of the dough and crust.  And no, they don't deliver for this exact reason, as one of the other patrons was asking the owner about this.Bill the owner was very nice, as he went around each of the tables and asked us how the pizza was, how we heard about this place, etc. One table the mom had been here multiple times and was now taking her daughter here for the first time! Another couple read about this place from The Chronicle as a must-try pizza.So after reading all this, is your mouth watering?  Do you have some dribble to wipe off the corner of your mouth?  Is it past 9PM?  Oh, then you're out of luck!!!
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2012,6/28/2012,78,161,8,13,9>$15 Grand Opening Special!!!  Yeah, I figured this is pretty low risk so I decided to give it a try.  Karen N. is right, the "ambiance" is, well... nonexistent.  And to second Karen N. - get a room toward the front if at all possible.  My first massage was in one of the rooms in the back and it was loud - employees talking and cell phones ringing.  Up front, don't expect silence but the noise level is far more tolerable.I personally do not want a Swedish Massage - I need deep tissue baby!  The first lady who gave me a massage was named Dina.  She did a great job - perfect amount of pressure for my liking!  After that first impression, I have gone back a few times and have always booked my appointment with Dina!If you are not accustom get getting a massage in this area, you are in for a treat.  Don't be scared - it isn't some shady sex shop - this is the real deal!  This is what to expect : is there a language barrier - somewhat, did your masseuse have professional training - probably not, is it a great massage - definitely!Another bonus is that these guys are open late - till 11pm every day!  They are new, so right now, booking an appointment is pretty easy.I think you will be pleased with your experience at Healing Foot - particularly with the value.  Plus, you can grab some delicious baked goods next door at Six Ping before or after your massage!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2012,6/27/2012,158,137,4,8,6>El Gran Malo has some pretty badass drinks.  If i was basing my rating on that alone, I would give them 5 stars.  I thought their food was decent (not bad, but not amazing), so that brought them down to 4... which is still pretty solid!If you come here, you really must try one of their specialty margaritas.  I had the blueberry jalapeno cilantro margarita and my wife had the strawberry margarita.  Mine was the perfect amount of fresh sweet, spice and tequila flavor.  The cucumber/strawberry infused tequila margarita tasted very cool and refreshing.  We ordered the ceviche as an appetizer and all of the tacos for our meal.  The ceviche was really good - it was filled with large chunks of fish and perfectly complimented our drinks.  The tacos were just OK in my opinion.  I expected more tender fatty pork flavored when i tried the pork belly taco braised in mexican coca-cola.  I would recommend the chicken tinga and carnitas.  The beef was pretty weak.Overall, El Gran Malo is a great spot to hit up after work for a few chill margaritas.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2012,6/26/2012,50,178,3,12,8>I've heard many great reviews from various sources about this place that I told myself I'd give it a try the next time I crave sushi. Today was the day.  I came here for lunch with a friend and got there right at 11:30 (when they opened).  I was told that Mr. and Mrs. Miyagi are the only ones who work there so the food takes a while.  I must say it's a true authentic Japanese restaurant. They had a private room where no shoes were allowed, and of course, we were greeted in Japanese.  My friend ordered the lunch special which included miso soup and two rolls (tuna and salmon).  I ordered the Houston Maki, which were rolls with avocado and spicy mayo layered with fresh salmon on top and I also got an order of the fresh salmon nigiri.  I must say we found our new favorite sushi restaurant. The salmon was extremely fresh, and the rolls were of a perfect size.  Some sushi restaurants pack on a lot of rice so they can cheap out on the fish, but this place isn't one of them. The salmon was fresh and moist and instantly melted in your mouth.  It also had the right amount of wasabi.  They're also very generous with their portions (check out my pics).  For those who enjoy going to non-authentic, trendy Japanese restaurants, this isn't the place for you.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2012,6/25/2012,274,156,8,11,14>This is the home of all of your legal vices (you'll have to provide your own nudity).Big.  Gigantic selection of spirits, wines and beers. Accessories. Gourmet food & groceries.  Great cheese, meat and sandwich deli. Cigar Humidor. That said it all (along with the other 160+ reviews), now here are my efficiency tips:1.  Go early on a weekday evening.2.  Turn into the first driveway on Smith and park on the right.3.  Unless you're really boozing, don't do a shopping cart.4.  Select your "needs to be put in the chiller" wine first, then shop.5.  Ask for Ralph in the wine section.6.  If you're not buying American, go with the Spanish reds.7.  Ask for samples in the deli counter.8.  Pay with cash or debit for the discount.9.  If you can find it in a grocery store, it ain't cheaper here.10.  If you order from the deli, go with a sense of humor & a smile.11.  Have a great time with your purchase.12.  Don't Drink & Drive.My "bonus"  tip for you:  Get a Spec's Key and get on the mailing list.  It's fun to get emails about booze at work.Bonus Tip x 2:  Bring your out-of-town guests.  From what I've heard, this may be one of the biggest in the country.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2012,6/24/2012,214,99,6,9,6>If Sugar Land keeps this up, I just may never leave the 'burbs like I had originally planned!In a sea of chain eateries that had been opening up, Bombay PIzza Co. is a welcomed addition to the area. After driving on the overpass day after day wondering when this location would open up, I found out that today at 5pm was their official grand opening. I felt like an anxious kid who has their face pressed up reeeeally hard up against the glass of a candy store window for these past couple of months, just anxiously waiting and waiting....I'd been to their original downtown location on several occasions (to which I now realize, I haven't reviewed it!), and absolutely loved how creative and innovative this idea of doing pizza was. I love their thin crust, the variety of toppings, and the Bombay pizza sauce. For those not familiar with Bombay Pizza Co., they have their specialty pizzas, many of which are a twist on Indian food flavors, as well as their style of Greek or Hawaiian pizza or you can create your own. No greasy, guilt-ridden feelings to be had here - their pizza tastes fresh and isn't greasy. Yes!I walked into the Sugar Land location with high expectations and they did not disappoint. I rushed over from work to get over here before happy hour ended. Walking in, it was very spacious, dimly lit, with the left side of the restaurant for sit-in dining and the right side housing the bar area and more tables. I walked up to the register and saw some of the same familiar faces at the downtown location. I decided to order the Slumdog - grilled chicken, pepperoni, chorizo, Canadian bacon, jalapenos, red onions, and mozarella - straight away and took a seat in the bar area. I ordered the 8' pizza, which arrived to my table piping hot and absolutely delicious! If you like a pizza packed with heat, both in temperature and spiciness, order this pizza.I have to say, I've had the Gateway to India - Tandoori chicken, fresh crab meat, artichoke hearts, provolone, mozarella, cilantro mint chutney and sprinkled with more cilatnro - just mmmmm mmmmm mmmm! That is still my favorite. You get the spiciness, sauciness, flavorful cheesiness that just works in complete harmony with each other. I still have yet to try the rolls, soups, salads, and other items on their menu. But with how close this is to where I live now, I'll quickly work my way through this menu...Huuuuge kudos to the owner and staff of Bombay PIzza Co. on this location! The wait staff was extremely attentive throughout the entire meal and very friendly. I had no idea that it was actually a full-service restaurant. I'm so used to walking up to the register, paying, grabbing my number and sitting down. Well now I know!So wanna know what's really got me hooked?*Happy Hour, M-F 3-7pm. $5 8" specialty pizzas, $3 draft beers, $5 wine by the glass*Other info:-8 inch - $8.50-12 inch - $15-16- inch - $19-exit University Ave. since it's off the overpass of Hwy 6. It's located in the strip/plaza next to the Sugar Land HEBSeriously, it's like God answering my prayers. Thank you for some variety to my meal rotations on my side of town, Bombay PIzza Co!
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2011,6/23/2012,229,569,8,8,7>Ah. . . . hehehe. . . the makeout bar. That's how I first heard about his place when I was in college. It was very mysterious, with it's unmarked, blue-door entrance.This is actually one of my favorite spots in town. I haven't ventured upstairs in eons, but be careful. . . .I've seen witnessed some horrors. I'm talking unsightly PDA. If you want to be guiltily entertained--sit downstairs and watch people stumble on the steps. It's like watching watching a slapstick routine every half hour. I like the place because it's quiet and they play classical music. For me, it's a nice subdued change from the regular bar scene. Being around rowdy a lot--Marfreless is a one of my sanctuaries. I go here to be pensive, have deep conversation and drink hard liquor.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,6/22/2012,116,293,7,8,5>Ugh, now why did I do that? I stuffed myself silly... again! Maybe because the food was so good?!Came in a group of 4 and I think we went a little overboard with our order: dan dan noodle, pig's blood and intestine hot pot, Mala roasted tilapia, eggplant, and green beans. Everything was delicious except for the pork hot pot. It was very oily, rather bland and the intestine mushy from being overcooked. I wouldn't order it again. This place got the thumbs up for the toughest food critic in the family, my mother!
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,6/21/2012,203,512,5,17,11>Love Park  - what an accurate name for how I feel about this place. Nestled in the heights, on an unassuming street in a quaint neighborhood is Love Park.The park is full of amenities. They are listed on the public park website as follows: playgroundlighted sports fieldswimming poolindoor gym weight room meeting room0.20 hike and bike trailan outdoor basketball pavilionNot to mention, easy to access parking, clean grounds, and a very safe feel. My husband and I have been here at night with our dog, and were so pleased at how well lit the park was, and that it didn't close until 11pm. Also, I am pretty positive you can rent out the community center, which I think is pretty cool. We've also been back in the day time for a midday picnic. There are a couple of different picnic tables, some fully shaded, and some in the sun. It was peaceful. We were the only two people there on a Tuesday (granted school is in session now).  It's just a great park to do any outdoor activity you'd like to do and not to be over zealous, but I love Love Park.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2011,6/20/2012,29,177,2,15,10>The BF had been stalking this place since it was being built and when I noticed it had opened in the Yelp! Hot New Businesses, I headed back over to my old hood to give it a try.The establishment is nice, clean and spacious with counter service (they bring your food to you when it is ready).I ordered the Dolmas app. and the Imam (stuffed eggplant with onions, garlic, and tomatoes).  I had to remind the lady that the Dolmas came with Tzatziki sauce and the side I had asked for with my Imam wasn't rice, but rather the potatoes.  No biggie.It was all very flavorful and tasty, and I will definately be back to try other items on their menu!!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2011,6/19/2012,25,147,8,18,5>This is my longest review ever. I am going to tell you about everything at this place as far as I have observed so take your cup of tea and sit down :) I go to this place for the food... It is simply delicious. They have dinner and lunch specials. Can't remember the price on lunch special but dinner special runs around $12, one main course(meat or special of the day), two sides and a dessert. Everything is made from scratch and ingredients are used very generously. I ate in many Middle Eastern/Mediterrenean restaurants but nothing was close. Being "very" familiar with this type of food, I am impressed. Try the baklava even if you did not like it before. This is a much lighter version than most and tastes good. Almond pudding they have is also good. I definitely like their "ezme" and "lebni". Eggplant dishes are very good at this place, we were never disappointed no matter which one we had tried. I personally am not a fan of babaganoush in general though.Their salads are always fresh and tasty. I saw that recently they started having a mixed green salad other than the chopped salad they always have, they both are good. I also tried their fried cheese rolls, they look like cigars made from a leaf of dough rolled. It is basically thin dough filled with cheese and fried to the order. Enjoyed them with a cup of tea. They serve (hot) Turkish tea, which is black tea. If you like tea in general it is a good choice. They also have Turkish coffee-made to order-. Coffee is very strong but would be perfect after a lunch before going back to work. Staff is friendly and efficient. I appreciate that the owner is always at the restaurant. Cooking , cleaning, serving or greeting customers but always there and involved. I think it is the key to make a business successful. For drinks they offer sodas and Perrier :) No soda fountain here so be prepared. We have tried the beef kebab(fillet chunks), chicken kebab, eggplant kebab special)veggies and beef meatballs on a skewer cooked in a tomato based sauce), adana kebab(ground beef n spices on a shish) and they were all good. Rice is a good side if you like carbs, tastes very good. Another item me and my husband liked was gyro. Since we asked, we found out it is not the standard frozen gyro purchased from a dealer. Tasted very good. We are yet to try their wraps, snadwiches etc but hey, with the dinner special they have, why should we settle for less :)Place needs music in my opinion and the owner informed us that he was working on it and will be ready in a few days. Bathrooms are very clean, something I always pay attention to... I also like the idea that I can see the kitchen and what is being done in there! It is a very casual place, somewhat cafeteria style service even though they bring your cooked to order dishes to your table and come & ask every now and then if you need anything else.Location might be a bit tricky. I wish there is a way for the pedestrians to cross safely from town center area. It is the corner of Hwy59 access road and Hwy6. You might miss it if you blink. There is a bank next to it on Hwy6. I think a sign should be placed somewhere on Hwy6 side of the block...Well, I'd say give it a try and enjoy your food. I hope this place stays open for a long time because quality and taste are excellent and service is friendly and efficient...
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,6/18/2012,184,97,6,16,8>This place has just been open about 5 weeks. It's located on Westheimer and fountainview in the Americana strip. It's $34.50 a person for dinner. I came here for the first time with my boyfriend. I've heard such wonderful things about this place. The sign is kind of dark so I had to loop around 2 times before actually finding it. My first impression when I walked in was "oh my gosh, the door is huge!" (you'll understand once u get there! Haha) the interior decor was beautiful. Very dark and romantic. They have private rooms available as well if u want to have a party there. The staff was so nice and very attentive! They didn't bombard you right away with the meat but came up in an orderly fashion and quickly. They brought out different side dishes for us and there was a huge salad/side bar. I got a chance to speak to the GM of the restaurant. Turns out 85% of the workers here came from Fogo de Chao. Towards the end of the night I found my jeans getting a bit tighter but I still had some room for dessert. They have an interesting papaya ice cream I wanted to try but my boyfriend ordered the brazilian flan instead. It came out and was a good size for 2 people. I didn't enjoy it as much as I expected though. It was a little too thick for me. Not the fluffy texture I'm used to. But overall, the place is amazing! I can't wait to come back!
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2012,6/17/2012,158,402,10,10,8>Gosh.... how did I miss this place??  I've been around this area waaay too many times!So Stop #2 on the seafood challenge was this place.  I'd figure we'd try a little off the beaten path spot, and found here.... tucked away in the corner of waaay out SW Houston, surprisingly convenient off of 59 tho'.  I began to convince my cohort in the challenge to meet up here... challenge accepted.So we arrive... fair amount of parking relative to the size, and the construction is done so it's  easy to make that U turn and find a spot to park.  the place is clean, simple and a good place to snag a bite if you're  in the area.  they offer to go and sit down, We decided to dine in... The food is frickin' fabulous.  Hands down some of the best Cajun fried dishes that I've had since moving here.  It was like some Cajun voodoo magic was making me eat more.... The portions are nice and filling.  The catfish?  perfectly fried..... The Shrimp?  Great.  It's been so good, i've been there twice this week... not doing wonders for my cholesterol, but my belly is lovin it.....
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,6/16/2012,73,202,7,15,10>I have been meaning to review Church Services for some time. I've used them for plumbing issues for the past 3 years and have been extremely happy with their promptness and professionalism. As the reviewer below noted, they are not the cheapest place in Houston but 2 things I don't want to dicker around with are plumbing and A/C issues. I just want them fixed STAT! This past Friday my water meter decided to spring a massive leak at 5:15 pm (thanks Mr. Water Meter for choosing to do this after reg. business hours!). Anyhoo, I called Church Services immediately and by 5:35 pm I had one of their plumbers knocking at my door. No joke. He got right to work turning the water off and then spent a muddy hot hour working on my meter and the pipes. It turned out that he needed a rare part to finish the repairs so he said he would be back at 8 am the next morning with the part to finish the job (There was not an additional call-out fee for him to come back, by the way). He was as good as his word and the doorbell rang at  8 am. He finished fixing the meter and fielded a couple of questions about our sticky bathroom sink handles without charge. He even answered a few more questions that afternoon concerning the handles. This particular plumber was Eric Bruno and I definitely plan to request him in the future. Having said that, all the people I've encountered with Church have been excellent. As you can see from my reviews, I am one of those dreaded "picky people". However, I have nothing but unadulterated praise for Church Services!
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2012,6/15/2012,305,198,20,21,14>You know that scene in several films and dramas where someone walks to the edge of a tall cliff and vents their frustration by screaming down at the rest of the world? Ever wanted to do that? Well sorry buddy, can't do that here. Houston, TX has no hills. But you know what Texas has a lot of?Guns.As a matter of fact, I must have spotted at least 4 gun shops on my way to work the other day.I must say that I'm rather partial to this range because ever weapon that I've ever fallen in love with was first fired here.My fondest memory at American Shooting Centers was with my .45 caliber Springfield XD handgun. It was my first time firing a weapon of this caliber, and I was excited. But instead of starting at 10 yards like any other newbie, my father insisted on starting me off at 25 yards. We couldn't help but argue, because obviously you can walk down an open range while people are firing, so you have to wait for the range masters to call ceasefire. When the range masters call ceasefire, you grab a staple gun and staple your targets to wooden posts down the range. I grabbed an unloaded staple gun, but found several staple files nearby. My frustrated father shouted, "Those staples ARE NOT big enough for that staple gun!"... soooo the staples are here next to the staple gun for decoration?My dad flagged a range master (wearing safety orange for obvious reasons) over to try and prove me wrong, but the range master simply looked at me, nodded and said, "That ammo fits that gun."HAH! Obviously I appreciate the staff for backing me up.So with a target posted, I finally raised my weapon to fire. The smell of gun powder was invigorating. The recoil from this explosive weapon was thrilling! Oh, also I missed the target completely BECAUSE IT WAS 25 FLIPPIN' YARDS AWAY! But 100 rounds and a sore arm later (the XD is a heavy weapon), I was a pro.There is also a shop on the grounds that stocks the obviously needed and much appreciated paper targets, safety goggles, ear plugs and a variety of safety and cleaning supplies. They also stock shotguns, swiss army knives and pepper spray. The staff is very helpful. When I was younger, I inquired about the quality of pepper spray and a rep was kind enough to remind me of the Scoville. The scoville is a unit of measurement that measures the pain that a pepper is capable of inflicting. He said when purchasing pepper spray, the important thing is not to check how much pepper oil it has but what kind of pepper is used, and how many scovilles each dosage or spray contains.Obvious benefits to this shooting range:The ranges vary from 10 yards to 300 yards in length. The center can host a venue of 1,000 people.CHL classes.Gun safety courses. Shotgun courses.Ya git to shoot dem clay birds too!
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,6/14/2012,124,267,7,18,17>What can a gourmet cook say about Viking Cooking School but Awesome hands on learning.  You brave?  If so try the canning class.  It's a miracle our ancestors didn't die of botulism.  Lots of learning to be had in this class and trust me I'm far far from being a canning pro.  My 2 lady instructors were awesome and learned the proper techniques in a culinary cooking school.Wow you'll have a new appreciation when someone gives you a canned gift of preserves, salsa or anything else.  This is a lot of work and patience.  Felt like I was in a surgery room.  Everything had to be sterilized sometimes 3 times. Anyway the ladies were so thorough but you really need to practice this before you put the canned goodies on your shelf for a year.I took a sushi class last year and really enjoyed learning how to cook eel and make many versions of sushi.Today we had Mimosas and last time we had a variety of wines and Hubbell Hudson snacks.  Plus last time we got to eat all our sushi we made and take home the leftovers.Classes fill up quick and range in price with an average price of about $89.All classes are student participation.  So check out their schedule at their email or stop by the Mezzanine level at Hubbell & Hudson and learn some awesome and fun cooking stuff.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,6/13/2012,137,234,19,18,17>My Yelp friends: here is an Austin transplant actually worth getting your nannies in a pot over. Tiff's is a magical bakery/delivery service that makes any day better. I remember being overjoyed when a box and congratulatory card would mysteriously appear at my door after finals in college, or to mark any significant occasion. I still send boxes to my friends in Austin when they let me crash on their couches or if they accomplish something. Actually, I cannot think of a better way to say thank you, congrats, or 'just thinking of you,' than a box of Tiff's cookies. I even think a box of these baked miracles make a sweeter gesture than flowers for a date, unless, of course, you're dating a bee (in which case, hive five!). As for specifics, Tiff's has all bases covered. Brownies are decadent and the chocolate chip cookies are among the best available. Tiff's all-star is the snickerdoodle cookie. Just typing the word makes me giddy. I've never had much of a sweet tooth, but Tiff's Treats snickerdoodles made me reconsider every thought I ever had about cookies. There aren't really words to describe how good they are, so just try one. Tiff's also offers excellent oatmeal raisin cookies. However, I've always found oatmeal raisin cookies to be snobbish and conceited; I don't like them in the same box making my snickerdoodles self-conscious and uncomfortable, so I never order them. If you couldn't tell, I'm absolutely thrilled that Tiff's has opened a location here in Houston. We don't get enough of the good 'Austin establishments' around here. I encourage you to try Tiff's for yourself, or order a box for a friend, just to see the type of response you'll get. These cookies are guaranteed to make anyone's day far brighter.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,6/12/2012,30,171,7,5,7>I crave these dumplings.  It's been YEARS... and I've never before nor since had a better dumpling.  *SNIFF*.  It's just too far off the beaten path for me.  I see that the prices have crept-up (it used to cost "FIVE TWENTY-FIVE!!!!," screamed at you with the rancor of a disgusted head of a losing army).  They say that it's now six dollars.  Really?  That's only two syllables.  It used to be that you walked sideways, ready to bark-out your order quickly and precisely, and then produce exact change -- OR FEAR THE RANCID STANK EYE OF 'SAURON' from "The general."  She's been called "the Dumpling Nazi..." but I think that she deserves her OWN place.  Maybe she'll cut me if I don't say this.  WE DON'T KNOW!!So, that's part of the experience.  She/they are amazingly efficient.  Had I not been with colleagues, I NEVER would have gotten-into that RIDICULOUSLY LONG LINE otherwise.  It moves quickly.  Very quickly.  As quickly as plankton into a whale's mouth.  I hope that she never changes.  She scares me, sure... but that's okay.  I'd be more frightened and scared/sorry for the World if she asked me if I would prefer Kikkoman  or Whole Foods Organic Soy Sauce.  Back in MY day, my order (you never forget these things) was, "VEGGIE DUMPLINGS, LARGE, EXTRA SPICY!!!!"  Do not 'mess' (filters) with that woman.  Best 'gosh darned' (stupid filters) dumplings I've ever had.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,6/10/2012,231,233,16,11,8>Korean and Mexican Fusion Truck!Asians love putting fried egg in everything. We'll put a fried egg in soup and watch it float around. We'll put a fried egg on burgers. We'll put a fried egg on rice. We'll put a fried egg in the palm of our hands and slurp it up. We'll pour some soy sauce over a fried egg, and BAM there's a meal!Mexicans love accompanying food with tortilla. Tortillas shredded into soup. Tortillas wrapped around meat. Tortillas rolled up and clutched in your left hand to accompany any meal. Add the spiciness of salsa and the sweet savory-ness of korean bbq. Recap: fried egg+ tortilla+spicy meat. This is why I told my Mexican boyfriend that our cultures would just be the perfect marriage. But Oh My Gogi, they got there first.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2011,6/9/2012,152,164,,9,9>I took a big chance by choosing this to be my birthday dinner spot during HRW last week but I had a good feeling. I am glad that I went with that feeling because it was a very enjoyable experience. I called a week in advance to reserve a table for 20. The restaurant was happy to honor that reservation as long as I provided a credit card for a $350 deposit. They assured me it would not be charged unless I canceled 72 hours prior to the requested date. This seamed reasonable since I knew for sure I wanted to dine there and also considering I asked for 8pm on a Friday night during a stressful month for Houston restaurant employees. The waitstaff was very friendly and attentive to our table and we did not feel rushed through the three-course meal at all. The big hit dishes of the night were the lobster risotto, tri-melon gazpacho, slow-braised CAB short ribs, and diver scallops. Of course everyone enjoyed the trio dessert sampler - flourless chocolate cake, bread pudding, and creme brulee. Yummo! I even had a few vegetarian friends who were given alternatives to the HRW menu but still at the same price and they were more than just pleased with their choices. Nice job! I was very happy with this as my selection for my birthday dinner party and cannot wait to come back and try the regular menu.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2012,6/8/2012,607,68,7,12,12>It's funny how I've been going to Galveston since I was a child, & until last week, I had never been in this awesome store/shop/all n 1!!!! I've always seen the huge shells that sit out front, & wanted to go in, yet never made it. I'm assuming that this is the same store that was there before Ike?? Anyways, it's FANTASTIC!!! Once I told my boys to run on & jump in the water, it dawned on me...I forgot to bring towels!!! I was also meeting up with my best friend, who had my daughter so I figured this would be a good spot to meet, I could grab towels, & also actually go in the store I've always wanted to see!!! Enough personal crap...now about the store!!!It's beautiful!!! Bright white with soooo many things to look at and choose from!! The towels, which had Galveston Texas on them, were only $10.99!!!! They have the prettiest clothes, hats, swimwear, shoes, jewelry, & all kind of knick knacks for your house!!! So many boxes & picture frames & wind chimes made from various shells!!! And to make things even better, they have a bar!!! You can get a Red Stripe Beer and sip on it as you relax in one of many chairs they have for you to relax in while looking out at the water!!! Between my 2 trips to Galveston in one week, I purchased 2 beach towels, a rhinestone flip flop necklace, a cute hat, a Nemo hat, a pair of flower hair clips, green sand with mini shells in a bottle, set of shark teeth, a Red Stripe beer, bucket with shovel, more toys for sand, a beach ball & a picture frame. Ahhh....yeah, I think that's everything. I'm prob forgetting some things...oh! A pair of flip flops!!! That should be it. ;)When you're in Galveston, & want a gift shop with a little bit of everything, Murdoch's Bathhouse is def the number 1 place to go!!! They blow everyone else on the seawall out of the water!!! Lol.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2012,6/7/2012,419,749,8,15,15>I'm reluctant to write this review because I don't want this spot to become so popular I'll be elbowing folks out of the way to get in, but sharing is caring, and I want Double Trouble to be around for a long time coming.I've been keeping my eye on this Mid Main space for months now, as they worked out the kinks of opening, and it's finally open.  Double Trouble is named for the two women who own it, both named Robin (you may remember one of them as a long-termer from Poison Girl), and also because they serve both coffee and cocktails.  They've got long hours (7am-2am), and although I don't know what the vibe is like during the evenings, I was totally smitten when I stopped in for an afternoon cocktail after taking the rail back from a Med Center doctor's appointment.To sum up:Cool breeze blowing through the space (felt like a nice spring day, but it's January, hi Houston) with open windows and sunny skies+ friendly bartender who made me a yummy, creative drink+ great mid-century decor with tiki flair+ fabulous drink that tickled my tastebuds and my sense of smell (bourbon based cocktail with a cinnamon stick set in it)+ light rail chiming in every so often= an utterly perfect, peaceful experience.I'm already scheming my next visit to Double Trouble, where I'll probably tote my laptop along and work on my novel.  Love everything about this place, which has a little something for everyone, and I hope to become a regular.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2012,6/6/2012,41,34,20,15,14>****Attention Fellow Yelpers and Anyone Reading This Review******I am obligated to inform you that this review was not written by me. This review is a collaboration of the little people that live in my belly. The views expressed in this review are not necessarily mine. (Oh and they are Cajun...)Laissez les bons temps rouler!!!!Hebert's is a meat market on Richmond near 610. Close your eyes and consider the possibilities of a succulent pork loin stuffed with cream cheese or crawfish dressing and then wrapped lovingly in strips of thick, juicy bacon.... Are you there?This place is amazing. From beautiful quail to boneless chickens to the coveted turducken... Yes, that is a duck stuffed in a turkey! Everything is seasoned perfectly and everything is delicious! You can get your meat refrigerator fresh or frozen. These guys will even sit and discuss with you (with a Cajun twang) the best ways to ensure your meat is cooked perfectly!I bought the stuffed quail wrapped in bacon and put them on my smoker. Three words, Dee-Lish-Us! If you have a big order, call ahead. If you want to be created, call ahead. If you were invited to New Orleans and had dinner in the Quarter - they probably sell whatever you ate!Let the good times roll!!!
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,6/5/2012,374,720,7,9,11>I had brunch here on Father's Day, but sans my father.  Not because I'm deficient in my filial due diligence or anything, really!  We just don't really do stuff like that - I mean you do realize I was earth-shatteringly informed of Santa Claus's nonexistence when I was four, right?  Explains a lot about me . . . Anyway there was a preset menu, which wasn't exactly vegan friendly (but I see the regular menu is very vegetarian-sensitive, oh how sweet!), but waiter was super rad about accommodating me - which was lovely.  I had a salad of sorts (it's been awhile, so let us not focus on the formalities!) sans cheese - a perfect portion size, fresh, tasty, but not overwhelmed with dressing.  My main entree consisted of a myriad of vibrant and perfectly grilled veggies diced and integrated into a mound of chewy nutty rice pilaf.  Okay, although this was a tad heavy on the olive oil - delicious!  I had to resist the urge to gobble it all down because it was on the heartier side in terms of portion size.  The dessert wasn't all that enthralling - just a healthy scooping of berries.  I acknowledge that it probably the best they could do given short notice of my dietary requirements - I love fruits, so I happily consumed them - eventually feeling less guilty about the oil-laden pilaf minutes before.  Okay so I really adored the berry mimosas.  Can't really go wrong with mimosas anyway, but this variation was quite delightful and I probably had a glass or two more than I should've (typical).  Of course the service here was phenomenal, as you may have possibly garnered based on other reviews.  And yes, it's a charming little spot - homey feel, well-dressed patrons, and so forth.  I definitely enjoyed it and would not hesitate coming back.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,6/4/2012,67,253,5,8,5>yes please.go eat here. for real.reasons I love thee:1. byob. $5 corkage fee2. friendly staff and Juan the manager is fantastic3. highly delicious dip and bread as apps4. best margherita pizza ever5. cheese ravioli is to-die-for6. one time I couldn't decide what to get and our waiter had half portions of each put on my plate7. byob
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,6/3/2012,151,258,8,13,14>Thanks to family, I was treated to a glutton-fest at Americas yesterday. All the items I never had the courage to order for my wallet's sake, I had last night. The $14 appetizer lobster soup I've never been able to justify getting? So rich. So smooth. So magical. The $14 appetizer crab salad I've always eyed but was never willing to shell out the dollars for, I had that as well. Think thick slices of tomato and mozzarella topped with crab salad paired with two pieces of grilled pesto bread. The evening started out with drinks. Then came plate after plate of ceviche, salads, empanadas (you can't go wrong with anything with cilantro sauce), taquitos, chimichurri beef, pork, scallops, salmon, and red snapper. And finally, dessert. I've never liked Americas' tres leches and always found it too sugary sweet for my taste but the tequila bread pudding was perfect. Our party was seated at the back of the restaurant, past all the smaller tables and the crazy circular booths, up on a small lofted area. For a Saturday night, almost every table was occupied. Favorite meal of 2012 so far? Absolutely. Although I do have dinner plans at another steakhouse tonight...
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,6/2/2012,439,285,8,6,8>Garlic Beef -- yes, Garlic with beef, in that order!  The beef is amazingly tender and the sauce they cook it in will send your taste buds into foodgasm overload.  So much Garlic, it will chase vampires away within 300 square miles!  So good!!!!!This and the spring rolls with shrimp and you are good to go!  Trust me -- make your ordering easy:  Garlic Beef and an order of spring rolls with shrimp -- that is all you need to make your meal at Mai's enjoyable :)
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2012,6/1/2012,43,78,8,10,9>I'm a big fan of chicken and I'm also a big fan of waffles. The combination of the two? Oh yeah, pretty much perfection. The first time I went to the Breakfast Klub actually has a funny story attached to it. At the time I was working for the Houston Rockets and being the avid fan that I am of the team, I knew that several of the players frequent the BK on their down time. I made a joke to the people accompanying me that it would be funny if we ran into one of the guys. It was the morning after a home game against the Lakers, which we won much to Battier's leadership and rally in the 4th quarter, so some of the staff noticed my Rockets shirt and we talked for a bit about the game the night before. On a sidenote, the staff are all extremely nice and friendly people and love talking to you while you wait in that long line.  Anyways, next thing I know Jordan Hill strolls in through the doors and it doesn't matter that I've been to a million games and have seen most of the guys up close, I still act like I've seen the president or something. Since the boys go to the BK a lot, the staff knows them well enough and vice versa. One of the employees called Jordan over and pointed out that I was one of his "co-workers." He just gave me a head nod and I awkwardly waved at him in return. Probably not my finest hour and one that when I re-think it in my head, I know I could have at least tried to come off as not a complete spaz. But to get to the point and talk about the actual food, BK never disappoints. Regardless of the wait, it's absolutely worth it and you will think the same thing after you've gone through that really long line and have taken that first bite. That's at least  how I feel. Famous for the chicken & waffles, I feel that it's almost an immediate must to try this at least once even if something else on the menu sounds appealing. Their fried chicken is just the right amount of juicy and their Belgian waffle is soft but has the right amount of crisp to it. I've also tried their French toast, while not my favorite or the best French toast I've ever had, still beats some of the other breakfast places out there.If you're impatient and don't like long lines then I suggest showing up right when they open or a little after, but I haven't heard of them turning anyone away in the line even though they do close at 2pm. As I've said before, the staff makes your stay enjoyable and they really are friendly, which just adds to the experience as a whole and is an added bonus to the already wonderful tasting food that they serve.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,5/31/2012,305,161,17,15,15>Ridiculously overdue review in 3...2...1...If I told you that the niece and nephew of a long time area restaurant favorite paired with one of the pre-fire Brennan's cooks to turn out some of the best pan fried dumplings and home made salsas in the River Oaks/ Highland Village areas, you'd be like whoa!  Did some Vallone kids do good?  One of Paul Flemings brood take up Houston roots?  Has Escalante's gone Asian? But no....and while the story's completely true, I'll let you learn the details on your own.  Weslayan Cafe is yet another locally owned place that is putting out some good food in some modest digs.  If you get down Weslayan past the movie theater or Central Market, depending on which way you're from, you spot an unmistakable bright yellow awning that marks the home of the Weslayan Cafe.Inside you'll find a somewhat exotic interior that might be evocative of Granada or Tangiers.  Maybe that's overstating it, but I think you gather that you're getting a little more than linoleum booths and various checker patterns.  Peruse the chalk board menu and check the specials @ the cash register where you order.The breakfast tacos are fantastic, a decent deal, and come with the awesome aforementioned salsa.  Mama Wang's dumplings have been featured many times locally and are totally legit (go fried over steamed).  The burgers are great, not overbearing, and cooked to your spec on a Slow Dough bun.  Lastly the club isn't the best in town, but is a subtle addiction for me.If you live or work in the area, it's a no brainer that you need this place on speed dial.  You'll want to call ahead for the dumplings and tacos, and it's so bad that they know my voice.  Good people, good food, fair price.  What more do you need?
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,5/30/2012,62,146,4,19,15>So normally, whenever we dine out, I check Yelp to see the highest rated restaurants serving the type of cuisine I'm craving.  Although we regularly go out for steak, we've never hit Masraff's in the three years I've lived in Houston.  We finally dined here last night.  My husband made a reservation a week in advance through OpenTable, and noted on the reservation that is was our anniversary.The hostess sat us immediately upon checking us in, and led us down a long corridor past the bar to a room on the left.  This appears that it might be a private dining room, as it looks like there could be a wall to close of this area.  The main dining room appears to be on the right side of the corridor.  We found that our table was quieter than the main dining room, which we appreciated as we wanted to catch up over our anniversary dinner. Once seated, our waiter offered drinks.  My husband chose a bottle of wine, which was delivered to us and poured promptly.  Menus (our waiter called them "reading material") were offered as he poured the wine.  After doing our Yelp research, we knew we wanted to try the mushroom ravioli and the calamari as appetizers.  What I found especially nice was that the waited offered to portion out the appetizers for us on our individual appetizer plates.  Great, that saved us the trouble and ensured that we got the right amount of sauce and flavor elements in each serving.  Words cannot describe the calamari.  It was lightly coated (flour?  cornstarch?) before being pan fried and finished off in a cilantro/soy (and possibly LOTS of butter) sauce.  This is the best calamari I have ever had.  Not a bit tough, just melt in your mouth good.  There was an element of acidity that cut through the heaviness of the butter.  All the flavors just worked well together.  My husband was a fan of the mushroom ravioli, but I thought it was a bit too "mushroomy" for me.  I would have like to taste something else besides the mushrooms.  In any case, that left more of the calamari for me.For our main courses, my husband ordered the bison ribeye and I ordered the rack of lamb.  The rack of lamb was served with broccolini over mashed potatoes.  The lamb was perfectly cooked, I nice sear around the edges but moist and delicious in the center.  I fell in love with the pan sauce included with the lamb.  The menu describes it as "pickled garlic and herb pesto".  I don't think they mean pickled in the traditional sense.  These garlic cloves appeared purple, as if they'd been sitting in red wine for quite some time.  I didn't see a traditional pesto on my plate either, but rather it seemed that the garlic came together with other elements to make a savory, yet slightly sweet sauce.  I loved combining the sauce, a garlic clove, and a lump of mashed potatoes into the perfect bite.My husband's ribeye was also delicious, though I was so absorbed in my food that I really didn't have more than a taste.  His steak was served with a "restuffed" potato.  I was impressed with how much detail went into the potato.  It was full size (vs. the scooped out halves you see with regular twice-baked potatoes) and had been flattened on the bottom.  The innards had been so carefully removed that a perfect 3 millimeter ring of potato was left on the skin.  Then the potato innards had been mashed and mixed and piped back into the skin in a perfect, pillowy mound.  For dessert, my husband and I were torn between the warm chocolate ganache cake served with ice cream and the bread pudding.  The waiter, sensing our extreme indecision, actually brought both desserts out for us on the house.  I'm so glad he did, because we actually ended up preferring the chocolate cake, over the bread pudding we'd initially ordered.  Service was amazing without being intruding.  Our waiter was always in close enough range to sense if we needed more wine, water, or plate clearing.  Our meal at Masraff's was such an amazing experience.  I'm so glad we finally tried it, and I think it will be a regular in our fine-dining rotation.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2011,5/29/2012,160,218,8,7,7>Trying to keep my elite status people, gotta keep reviewing. Burger is excellent. Fries are great, they are the skinny kind that are sort of crispy and have some great seasoning. Their specialty beers are somewhat extensive (when they don't run out of them). Wait staff is knowledgeable on the beer selection as well. Atmosphere is pretty great, patio out from is awesome and secluded. Only problem we had was the plague of mosquitoes that attacked us while we were there. Not the restaurants fault though. Just stopped by the CVS across the street and kept bounding the beers back. Get er done.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,5/28/2012,117,256,4,9,6>We were lucky enough to be invited here by two friends who had won a gift card for a tasting menu for four. And the manager was so friendly, making sure we knew what we'd be getting and that there would be enough vegetarian dishes for me. We started with the chips, salsa, and guacamole- all were really exceptional compared to what I've had elsewhere in Houston. The salsa was warm and flavorful, and the guacamole perfectly balanced between lime and avocado and onion. A pitcher of margaritas later and I was already happy.The queso came next, and was similarly swoon-worthy. And we got two sets of nachos- one with chicken/cheese/beans and the other with mushrooms, black beans, and cheese. This was served as eight large chips, the approximate size and shape of potato skins. Delicious! The beans and cheese were absolute pure comfort food for me.The entrees- I only tried the vegetarian mushroom enchiladas with black beans and rice, but stuffed as I already was, these were good. Perhaps a bit too many large mushroom pieces, but I'm splitting hairs.Dessert- one of my dinner companions is a real Tres Leches afficianado, and she raved about that dish. I was smitten with the warm anchilo brownie. I didn't eat the side of vanilla ice cream that came with it because we were all sharing and I'm not much for ice cream when I can be eating molten chocolate. Delicious.To sum up- freaking brilliant. At the top of my list for tex-mex in Houston, although you should know that I do bias towards places that remember the vegetarian among us. p.s. I didn't valet park, so *shrug* it's not obligatory, as long as the parking lot isn't full, same as most places in Houston these days it seems.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2011,5/27/2012,408,480,3,7,10>Damn you Food network and your hot dog episodes... After watching the best hotdogs in america on Food network, I was craving some sauseeege. I remember a fellow yelper, Larry B., reviewed this place and I bookmarked it to try one day. Today.. my bookmark was used. Seattle dog was off the chain!! The grilled, caramelized onions worked really well with the melted cream cheese. Each bite was magnificentarico! Yeahhhhh. I'll be back for sure. Thanks for a good lunch. That hit the spot.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2012,5/26/2012,42,383,16,19,18>I had never visited Houston's Museum of Fine Arts but was beckoned there by the King Tut exhibit. It was one of those possibly once in a lifetime exhibits that I am glad I saw. The details: parking sucks. Period. I was lucky in that there was available overflow parking only a short walk from the museum. I still had to circle around a few times to find a spot. Lines inside were long and I was running a little late for the 2:00 time slot. Fortunately there was a call for those with 1:30-2:00 times and I was able to skip the long lines and head for a shorter one. Coolness. The ticket included a free audio tour which is essentially a handheld device that you can use to hear additional information on different pieces displayed in an exhibit. I found this a nice touch as well as helpful. This exhibit itself was very interesting and fascinating. I love art history and was happy to read any and all info displayed on the pieces. It was very cool to actually see in person the ancient artifacts that I have studied. The entrance gave a brief history of the pharoahs and their dynasties. I truly loved reading the info and seeing the statues of past pharoahs and seeing how their views and beliefs changed over the years as well as how they viewed themselves. The layout of the exhibit was designed to mimic the tomb of King Tut. Showing what was first among the discovery and moving to the other chambers, we saw everything from beds and chairs (simple but well made and in good condition after all these thousands of years!) to jars for holding the organs of the deceased to jewelry. I loved the beautiful gold and precious/semi-precious stones jewelry. The attention to detail given on statues and other artifacts was amazing. The tour ended with information on the research into who King Tut's parents are. Possible causes of his death were also shown, though not stated as definite causes. What was once unknown of his parents is now known, however. Having taken genetics classes/labs as part of my major I honestly found this part of the exhibit exciting. I had a great time here. The only flaw I found was that the layout was a little unorganized. By this I mean the flow of traffic. That's only a small glitch and not a true complaint. I would definitely come back to this museum to see another exhibit.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2011,5/25/2012,178,1288,7,11,9>Love the space and the food! It's lovely and uncluttered inside with pictures of trees, beautiful wooden chairs, and a wood ceiling art installation. Saturday evening dinner was busy but not packed. Our waiter was attentive but not intrusive. Our appetizer came our quickly and was delicious! As many others have mentioned, the Mac and Cheese with bacon and scallions was wonderful. My husband doesn't even like mac and cheese and he loved this. Our meals were also very good. The crispy chicken sandwich was great but the best thing on my plate were the homemade potato chips. Our friends really enjoyed the lamb stew, flatbread pizza with fried egg, and the beet salad.    The highlight of our evening was the TV screen on the wall that was showing photographs of dogs. We asked our waiter about it and he said it was a friend of the owner who was showcasing some of his work. The photos were interesting and funny. Many of them involved one dog sniffing other dog's bums.  I know, this is a nice restaurant, so why is this appropriate? Well, it might not be, but they were funny photos and amused us. Many of the photos were just dogs playing but the bum shots cracked us up. I loved my food and the ambiance and all of that for under $40 (including tax and tip) means I'll be back for sure!
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2012,5/23/2012,2219,1117,14,18,15>Specialis Revelio! I was curious why this sandwich was so ridiculously good. The secret ingredient is awesomeness.Thanks to the ROTD by Angela C. I read from my iPhone this morning in bed with a massive hangover, I knew what was going to bring me back to life: a cheesesteak to remind me of my cheesesteak eating days back in Philadelphia at Tony Luke's. I like Texadelphia just fine, but it's kind of just a sandwich. And never more. Probably because the name Texadelphia doesn't conjure the imagination of a big fat guy in a track suit and tacky gold jewelry named Geno assembling a sandwich for you to devour and rid you of your cursed hangover custom-ordered by the elixir of the gods, tequila, to remind me that at my age my Sunday nights should probably be spent in more age appropriate activities like drinking green tea and watching Matlock instead of what I did last night.At a not-insignificant 20ish minute drive from downtown in the middle of the day each way I had pretty high expectations since I was investing that much time, when I typically don't invest more than a four block walk in my lunches. As I pulled into the gas station parking lot and glared across the street at a Jack in the Box I did not really feel like this was going to overwhelm me with charm. But all that orange. Just look at all that orange. It seems like Fry sneezed and everything just went orange for a minute. It is like Whataburger and Berripop had a baby. I like it. I like colorful things. I mostly gave the place foursies just in keeping with the theme of orange. Orange you glad I didn't say banana?They have a menu on their website which is good because I got there a few minutes before they opened at 11am so I had time to figure out exactly which concoction I was going to go with, and whether I wanted cheese fries and mozzarella sticks or both as sides. My sandwich and fries came to $10.26 which is not unreasonable considering the quality, the size, and how far it is for me that it will not be a daily stop like Treebeard's jambalaya is.I went with the Wicked Philly because (a) I like saying 'wicked,' (b) that was an amazing book and theatre production, (c) Idina Menzel, and (d) I like jalapenos and peppers and hot things. The mix of the hot stuff is even better than the mix of peppers you get at a Potbelly restaurant. So it was tasty. The Wicked Philly is huge. And it is stuffed full of meat. There is a lot of meat. And cheese. And peppers. And the bread is amazeballs delicious. Everything about this sandwich was amazing. And it was so big I ate until I was full and I still have some left over until I hit the point in the day when I start stress-eating for one reason or another.The cheese fries are a fair portion. I go through fries like water so they are all gone. It was not a huge heaping portion but definitely adequate to accompany the sandwich, since the sandwich really takes centre stage any way with how awesome it is. I kind of wish I had gone with the mozzarella sticks, so now I feel it is imperative to return sometime very soon to eat them. Because mozzarella sticks are life - unless chili-cheese and/or cheese fries are also on the menu, then it is a true Sophie's choice.The woman behind the counter was very nice and pleasant. Which is getting exceedingly rare to find at any of the downtown lunch places. It was good to see someone in the service industry still takes pride in being a nice person to customers.Now for some useful information if you are coming from downtown: start walking to your parking garage by 10:30am. Take i10. It's about a 25 minute drive. And the food, assuming you don't pull a Ron Swanson order like the woman in front of me, takes about ten minutes to prepare since it is freshly prepared and not a Wendy's heat lamp situation. So if you have one hour to burn before you even take into consideration the eating time while you watch an episode of Futurama on your iPod, this is one of the best spots in Houston to burn that much time for just a lunch - because it is much more than just a sandwich place that is merely meh.This is totally worth the drive. The best cheesesteak place in the city without a doubt. Houston unique and delicious.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2011,5/20/2012,153,461,11,8,7>the name makes it sound like an indoor sky diving joint, but it's an indoor trampoline park.  hey, you're never too old to enjoy jumping around, unless you're like 80 or something...  inside there are private party rooms and different trampoline setups.  There are 2 dodge ball courts, a main court with trampoline walls too (so you can literally bounce off the walls), a basketball trampoline (dunk it in your face!), and a foam filled space that you can do flips and stuff into (if you're cool like that.  aru dat aru dat aru dat dat dat).they separate the fat people from the skinny people so that the skinny people don't get stuck in the ceiling.  definitely do not wear long sleeves in here, no matter what your grandma tells you.  you are going to sweat your booty off!  this is a great place to take your kids to wear them out so they leave you alone all night, and if you're lucky, they might even tire themselves out all through next week.  if i had kids i would totally take them here to punish them when they're bad.  go jump around then go to bed!  they have a hilariously cheesy video about the rules when you sign in and pay, but they go over the rules with you again anyways (just in case you suck and charades and are illiterate).  they also make you rent trampoline shoes, which kinda made me feel like mr. rogers.  remember he used to go into his house, then take off his shoes and put on other shoes ha ha ha. i always thought that was so weird.  it's especially fun to jump down a row and into the wall, but watch out because you gain so much momentum.  after i bounced off the wall, i tripped and was going to fall, but i landed 3 squares down lol.  then i got up and acted like i totally meant to do that ha.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,5/19/2012,112,73,6,18,10>True to its name -- this is a legit farmers market (in fact, it's next to the Farmers Market Association of Houston)! It's also probably the most affordable of all the farmers markets I've been to (which includes the ones at Rice U. City Hall and Highland Village).Even if you're not into cooking, it is a feast for your eyes. There's a wide selection of fresh produce, honey, nuts, etc. that are beautifully displayed. I could probably identify everything there, save for some variants of cacti and dried chili peppers. Walk further back and you'll see individual stalls of produce, separate from Canino Produce. This is where the bargain hunting and your high school level Spanish comes in. There are NO PRICES listed on most of these items, and for good reason. "Make them an offer they can't refuse." Most people speak English, but I like to indulge myself in the 4+ years of Spanish classes I took. Everyone's pretty friendly -- I was looking at a piece of jicama and started off with "Cuanto cuesta?" Five seconds later, the guy hacks off the top of a jicama and offers me a sample. I'm thinking, "c'mon, it's jicama -- it's supposed to be tasteless." I love the fact that I can support local producers, practice my Spanish, and score a bucket of yellow bell peppers for just $1. Parking is available upfront and the overflow parking is across the street from a bakery (sweet!)."Thank you. (I will) come again."
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2011,5/18/2012,155,207,3,14,10>Who knew that the Galleria would have really good AUTHENTIC Chinese food? I was seriously (and very pleasantly) surprised when I recently dined at E-Tao for lunch with my bf and his parents.  Located on the second floor next to Nordstrom, E-Tao has a clean and modern feel to its restaurant - a refreshing change from what you typically imagine a Chinese restauarant to be like. My bf's mom heard from her coworker that their xiao long bao (Shanghai soup dumplings) was the best in Houston, so we all had high expectations of this joint.  This place prides itself for having "authentic Shanghai" cuisine and has a menu full of Cantonese dishes. With a family that frequents Shanghai and a Cantonese girl who eats LOTS of dim sum and Chinese fare, E-Tao was in for a very critical review! So being fatties that we all are, my table ordered a huge amount of food for the four of us:Har Gao (Steamed shrimp dumplings) - 5.0 - Comes with 5 pieces, each dumpling is huge and is freshly made with a nice thick rice skin that doesn't break. Seriously the best har gao I've had in Houston.Siu Mai (Steamed shrimp & pork dumplings) - 4.0 - Comes with 4 pieces, these are also bigger than what you normally get from a typical dim sum place. They're really really tasty too.Cong You Bing (Scallion pancakes) - 5.0 - Unconventionally served in a snake-like coil  (which is how it looks before one typically flattens and rolls it out into pancake form), these guys are just fantastic. The thick and crispy dough envelopes a whoppingly generous serving of scallions. The dipping sauce is quite tasty too.Vancouver-Style Fried Crispy Wings - 4.0 - Thick and crispy battered skin. Seasoned with salt, pepper, and some chili peppers.  Simple, hot, and delicious.Sweet&Sour Pork with Pineapples - 3.0 - My bf's mom's coworker recommended this dish.  This was a little disappointing and was probably the least authentic of all the food we ordered.  Although it tasted better than what you'd probably get at an ordinary Chinese take-out, Sweet & Sour Pork will always taste Westernized to me.Flat Rice noodles with Beef - 4.5 - If you didn't know already, this dish is my most favorite Cantonese dish out there.  E-Tao did a pretty solid job on this one - tender, flavorful slices of beef quickly stir-fried with flat rice noodles, bean sprouts, and scallions. Only non-authentic thing about this one is that they added sesame seeds and carrots as a garnish... unnecessary, but still a good dish.Bubble Milk tea - 2.5 - This was just off in taste.  Imagine adding the milk leftover from eating a bowl of Fruit Loops and adding that to your bubble milk tea. The tapioca, though, was tasty.Xiao Long Bao (Shanghai soup dumplings) - 4.0 - Although I've never had one before this meal, my bf and his parents thought these dumplings were easily the best they've had in Houston (and possibly the US).  Basically, it's a steamed dumpling filled with pork and hot soup - that's right, there's hot liquid INSIDE the dumpling. And there's a certain way to eat these to avoid burning your mouth from the scalding soup:1. Gently pick up dumpling using chopsticks and place on soup spoon.2. Nibble a little hole at the top of the dumpling to let the steam out of it. Some soup may spill out, but that's why the spoon's there!3. Slowly eat the dumpling and sip on the soup until you say "YUM!"The only qualm I have with E-Tao is its high menu prices, but that's what I'd expect from a restaurant in the Galleria.  Service is great, and the waiters actually speak Chinese, if preferred! All in all, it's a great place for authentic Chinese fare - it's definitely a must-go! I'll be back again in the near future.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2011,5/16/2012,95,224,8,12,9>These are some BAD ASS GIRLS! :DI first saw the movie Whip It which made me excited for this. I was expecting the more old school rink, oval boxing ring shape that slopes inward but this one is like mini ice rink... with no ice of course. Tickets were $12, they serve food, drinks, alcohol if you wish, checking your ID at the front and giving you the appropriate wrist bands. It's first come first serve seating on the outside of the rink. There were audience members sitting on the floor on the actual rink on either side. Not sure if those are special price tickets or VIP only. You can even sit on the floor right in front of the glass which is what we both did because I was there on photo assignment for my class and didn't want many head in the way. They had no objections on bringing in long SLR lenses and cameras. They actually like it because Roller Derby isn't that mainstream and they want more pictures and advertisement. So if you like taking pictures this place is cool! My bf and I arrived a little late. We thought it started at 7:30 but it actually started a 7pm. Therefore it was hard to find parking because their lot was full (semi small lot for the amount of people) and we had to park in the shopping center nearby and walk in. We actually followed one of the Roller Derby girls who was playing in one of the games later on. You have to walk far down to the entrance door. Luckily we had her to follow otherwise we may have been confused on which door to go through. The games were pretty cool, we got really into it. I love their nicknames and the way that they dress, it's fun and different. I'm all about the Non-cookie cutter styled places. So refreshing and far away from a yawn.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,5/15/2012,108,130,9,18,16>Pelican Grill is really close to my neighborhood, and i've been meaning to go there for months.  However, we just never saw anything really WOW about the place so we usually overlooked it.   Recently, PG was on "Restaurant Impossible", a show where they redecorate and revamp restaurants in efforts to bring fresh life to them. The food was pretty good. I had a "Nana's homemade cilantro chicken salad" sandwich.  The chicken salad was delicious, not completely bathed in mayo, either.  it was about 6 bucks for a huge sandwich.  The boy had a Spanish Omelet, also pretty delicious. (Breakfast ALL DAY. jackpot.)   The service was SUPER courteous, and the food came out quickly.  They had a special menu from Chef Irvine from "Restaurant Impossible", it included a few salads,  a bleu cheese burger, a fresh seafood special, and other things that sounded quite delish.  The decor is fresh and vibrant! (see photos).  The restaurant is family owned and operated, a major plus in my book.  seems like this is going to be one of our regular spots now.  definitely a hang-out for the locals.  You'll be sure to hear some juicy gossip if you sit at the counter..(hopefully not about me!)!
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,5/14/2012,77,240,8,10,14>I had a latte here the other day and it was delicious, creamy, flavorful and so much better than Starbucks which I used to love. In the interest of fair and full reporting, I also tried the gelato. The chocolate, peanut butter flavor was scrumptious and I have sampled a selection of other flavors and have yet to find one that is not equally delish. My father-in-law considers himself a coffee expert and pronounced his double espresso to be 'truly excellent'. Jack, the server during the day is friendly and helpful and so are the other staff members. Like Tracey I too am in SO much trouble. To walk past Bombay Pizza and Gelato Blu is asking too much of anyone with taste buds. Help!!
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2011,5/13/2012,320,247,5,9,10>Excellent takeout service and excellent counter service.I placed an order for take-out on a Friday lunch and the chick on the phone was super nice.  She took my order accordingly and had everything done correctly when I came there to pick up my order.While I was in line to pay for my food, I noticed their cold salads/prepared foods in their cold section.  I picked up a half pint of the garbanzo/farro salad and also a half pint of the cole slaw.  EVERYTHING was delicious.  My take out order consisted of:Relish Chopped SaladWatermelon, Feta and lettuce salad -with ChickenSummer Strawberry Salad - goat cheese replaced with feta cheeseMy office enjoyed the lunch quite a bit and I think we will order from Relish whenever we can.Why not five stars?  Well, it just doesn't feel as warm as other places - especially if you are looking for a nice lunch outside of the office.  I assume that since there are no sit down tables, this is a "pick up and go" type of place.  Parking can be difficult AND leaving the place is really hard if you need to head west on San Felipe.  A total bummer!! Food is worth it.  If you have to pick up and go, just pick up the food, head east on San Felipe, turn right on Weslayan and then have a seat at Central Market.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,5/12/2012,287,298,9,13,15>This place is located in the most unfortunate strip mall in the Galleria area. Parking is scarce to none so if you go during lunch, go either early or late. The upside is the food is delicious thus ensuring I will visit again. Met a friend @ this clean joint for lunch recently. Heck I didn't even know it existed and I've been to Cyclone Anaya's numerous times (so much for my "being aware of my surroundings" bragging rights). I ordered the Two Meat Plate which put me back about $10. I opted for the brisket & sausage with the mustard potato salad and pinto beans. My friend ordered the brisket & ribs with the baked potato salad and cole slaw. Paid, got our drinks and chose a seat towards the front window. Our food was up pretty quickly. We rolled our sleeves up, tied our hair back and dug in. The brisket was juicy and tender, the sausage spicy. Both were delicious. The potato salad was ok, the beans out of this world. Really loved them. I did try my friend's baked potato salad, not bad! Next time I will order this over the traditional potato salad. I've been searching for a decent BBQ joint in the Galleria area and I found it (finally!).
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,5/11/2012,119,124,14,13,16>What's packed with zinc, iron, calcium, vitamin A and Vitamin B12? What is rich in amino acids that trigger increased levels of sex hormones (equals "Do I make your horny, baby, YEAH?")? What also has low calories and can be eaten raw? Oyster, Oyster and more Oysters!!! Captain Tom's carries as many oysters as you can eat and then some.One can't beat the price, a dozen oysters on the half shell for less than $6.00!  Come on MAN!!!! You can see the oysters being shucked right before your eyes. The oysters are fresh and very tasty (I've been to some joints and they tasted salty (how is that possible) and not fresh). They can vary in sizes from small to huge.  I enjoy my oysters with a little bit of horse radish and salt. I can slurp down oysters like a bear eating honey. I've tried some of the fried items like the fish, oysters, shrimp, fries and hush puppies.  The fried items are good enough; I mean you really can't mess up fried foods. The gumbo is a must to try, it is packed with really good flavors and it isn't as salty as other gumbos I've had. It's packed with all sorts of seafood too! It's a lighter gumbo and you won't feel like there's a bowling ball inside your stomach after you've eaten it. The beers are cheap and they even have Micheladas. The Michelada mix isn't so spicy and a bit tangier then others. That's ole do! The best seats are around the inside bar and remember first come first serve. If you just stare at the seats (and not claim it), I'll be the one taking it instead. The service is fast and efficient. You can even help out the server by passing foods and drinks to the people who are sitting right behind you in the outer bar.  Remember to do it with a smile too!Note: Come before the dinner rush!!!!!!
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2011,5/10/2012,215,403,11,18,17>"A country with 30 religions and only one sauce."-Minister Talleyrand (describing the US)Classic French cuisine is all about the sauce--hence the position of the "saucier" in the restaurant kitchen.  Wonderfully prepared sauce in an entree takes the flavor up a notch from simple grilled fare.The portions are perfectly sized to allow you to try more than one course.  The appetizers include the classics like foie gras, escargot, and scallops.  And they have a wonderful selection of soups!  I usually have difficulty choosing between the French Onion, Tomato, and Wild Mushroom.For the entrees, they have a wide range of options.  For me, the perfectly prepared lamb dish is a special treat that not every restaurant offers.  The roasted chicken with peas and mashed potatoes is a delicious French comfort-food...along with the chicken pot pie.  They do serve sandwiches at lunch, and though I liked the roast beef, I would go for the classic entrees first.And, of course, they have an extensive dessert list with profiteroles, crepes, and other Continental goodies--including the requisite cheese plate.Bon appetit!
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,5/9/2012,256,89,11,14,10>My first visit here was unexpected which also made it somewhat 'interesting', and one that left me wanting to go back for MORE!My boyfriend and two of our friends decided to spend a weekend in Galveston. It was a Saturday night and we wanted some delicious seafood. The boyfriend had been told about Rudy & Paco in passing by his brother. As in " Hey, since you will be in Galveston this weekend, you should take your girlfriend to eat there, best place to eat on the island, and she will enjoy it even more cause Paco is from El Salvador, I think..."  So we get to the restaurant and we could already see quite a bit of commotion from the outside, people were bustling in and out of the place, mostly and older crowd. I asked my spontaneous boyfriend if he had thought to make a reservation, to which he responded "nah, we will be fine."  So up to the hostess we go, and what do you know? They were fully booked! Oh yes, done, adios amigos! Well, out of the corner of my eye I caught my boyfriend  making conversation with a man who came to be Paco himself!  Next thing I know I am placed in front of Paco and introduced as " this is my girlfriend Eren, she's from El Salvador!"  Taaaa-Daaa! Free pass? Not exactly.I chatted up Paco, thank goodness for my Spanish. Soon enough I came to find out he's actually from Nicaragua, and manages the restaurant himself now. He said he sent Rudy to buy some milk years ago and the guy never came back. True story.Anyways, Paco ended up offering to seat all four of us at the bar, he took our number down and sent us across the street for some drinks. No less than thirty minutes later, our seats were ready. I was a bit skeptical about having a great experience being that we were at the bar. Not the case here at all. Ashley, the bartender/waitress was an absolute sweetheart. She knew her stuff, from the drinks to the full menu in detail. One of the best servers I've come across in a long time.Starters:We started off with a bottle of wine, a lovely suggestion by Ashley, and then had the Pan-Fried gulf shrimp served with capers in a lemon butter sauce. Scrumptious, but not made for sharing between four. Ashley could tell we hesitated to share, she brought out a bread basket to dip in the sauce and made for a more generous portion, yum!Main course:Filete de Pargo Elegante, Baked fresh gulf red snapper topped with sautéed lump crabmeat, pico de gallo and avocado. It was heavenly! My boyfriend had the Lomo de Costilla, a 14 oz. New York strip broiled to perfection. Yes, it was just that! Our couple of friends also shared the same dishes and had no complaints. Dessert: Being that the next day would be one of our friend's birthday, we treated her to a slice of chocolate cake, not sure of the exact name, but oh my lordy lord...it was a fiesta in your mouth! We could not finish the whole slice, even among us four, but golly we tried! I'm salivating just thinking of it now, and having deep regrets over those wasted crumbs.I think I've made my point, next time you're in Galveston or if you are looking for a reason to go, let this be your your main dining spot. I can't make promises about getting seated, I would say make a reservation 3-5 days in advance, unless you happen to be from Nicaragua. (wink wink)
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2011,5/8/2012,233,113,19,15,15>I must confess, I have an addiction."8am" might say Venti Skinny Vanilla Latte to you.. For me it says happy hour!No no no, I'm not a raging alcoholic! If you worked the hours that I do, you'd understand. So yes, I work aaaaaall through the night, always on my feet.. and just to clarify, my work does not consist of a mini skirt or a safety pin holding my boot up.Without this perfect meal, my symptoms worsen..Heart rate elevated..Respirations increased..Cold sweats..Shortness of breath..Excessive drooling..So let's get to the point before I pass out, yah?When I've had a stressful night at work, I crave for a great meal and an alcoholic drink. Who wouldn't? I'm sure everyone n' their grandma have been to and knows about Empire but I just can't stop myself from reviewing. I constantly think of Empire's Eggs Benedict & their freshly squeezed mimosa after work. I think of the english muffin with a layer of ham, perfectly round poached egg on top and a warm hollandaise poured heavily over it with a side of fruit and a chunk of cheddar hash browns and my added hot sauce guzzling it all down with 2 mimosas.. (Mmm.. that run-on sentence was so worth it.) -Did I say 2 mimosas? *ahem* I meant 1.Perky service and good ole' smiling faces when you walk into Empire.. but it's probably because they see the grin on my face and eyes beaming with eggs benedict in my pupils! o_O
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,5/7/2012,196,278,5,18,11>As the Woodlands has grown, we've seen explosive growth in the local restaurant market.  Newcomers open every month, anxious to tap into the thriving economy by feeding hungry residents.  Some succeed. Some fail.  But all help the dining scene change and evolve into something more interesting.Once thing we've bemoaned repeatedly is the lack of good BBQ in the Woodlands.  While there are a smattering of BBQ joints, we've yet to run across a place that serves the kind of 'Q that we crave.  Heck, most of the time when we're in the mood for BBQ, we hike down I-45 to Louetta and give Rudy's, the San Antonio import, our business.So we were excited to hear from one of our Twitter followers about a new BBQ place opening up off Sawdust road.  Called Corkscrew BBQ, it is an oversized BBQ truck/trailer semi-permanently located on Budde road, half a block south of Sawdust.  Painted black with a bright pink roof, you won't miss the trailer when you drive down Budde Road, perhaps on the way to an Orwall little league game.Corkscrew BBQ is new to the Woodlands, but the people behind it are not new to BBQ.  Will and Nichole Buckman are the owners, and they have operated a successful catering business on the north side for years.  Corkscrew BBQ is the result of their desire to serve a bigger market on a daily basis, applying their hard-won expertise in the catering field.So how is the BBQ?  As every real Texan knows, BBQ is all about slow-cooking meat with plenty of honest-to-Robb wood smoke.  Corkscrew's wood of choice is oak, and they use plenty of it.Unlike many urban BBQ places, Corkscrew's pit runs exclusively on wood - there's no gas involved at all.  Oak was selected because it's a fairly hot-burning wood, and Will Buckman prefers not to overpower the flavor of the meat with the flavor of smoke, and a hotter fire shifts the balance in favor of the meat flavor.The pit itself is a good-sized rotary shelf unit, with individual meats wrapped in foil to retain their juices.Corkscrew smokes the traditional brisket, ribs and sausage, and also plans to go beyond the standards with occasional daily specials.  On our first visit, we were in a bit of a hurry, and sampled only the chopped beef sandwich.Chopped beef can tell you a lot about the philosophy of a BBQ joint.  Some places use the least desirable scraps, hiding the poor quality behind too much strong sauce.  Corkscrew's approach is one we prefer: Freshly chopped brisket, mixed with just enough sauce, topped with veggies.  Crunchy sliced onions and pickles (and jalapeños, if you'd like) complete the sandwich, and we liked the not-overly-sweet tang of the housemade sauce.We returned two days later, and talked with Will Buckman about how their first weekend went.  They were very busy - apparently we weren't the only ones in the Woodlands who were hungry for a new BBQ spot.  Will insisted that we try his brisket, and hauled out a slab.The brisket had a beautiful dark bark, and the grit of the house rub was plainly visible.  A cut revealed a quarter-inch smoke ring in a nice, dark pink. He sliced off a sample (an outside cut from the fatty end) and we dug in.  The smoky flavor was subtle, but certainly present.  We've had BBQ where the smoke totally overpowered the flavor of the beef, but that wasn't a problem at Corkscrew.  The 'Q was slightly drier than we prefer, but a dash of the tangy housemade sauce addressed that problem, and added a nice bite to the flavor.Bottom line:  Corkscrew's brisket is easily among the best to be had in the Woodlands.Will had an enigmatic smile on his face, and handed me a small container.  "It's our cobbler.  Today's is apple."  Never being one to insult a man with a hot pit and sharp knives, I opened the container and sampled the warm cobbler. Corkscrew's cobbler is superb.  A soft, flaky, buttery crust balanced with the zest of the spicy apples, sweet but not cloyingly so.  We're anxious to return and sample the other cobblers, including peach and seasonal berries.The Woodlands has been in need of a serious BBQ joint ever since I've moved here, and Corkscrew BBQ is already filling that void.  Between the tasty brisket and superb cobbler, we'll be back, and often.  If you love BBQ, you will, too.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2011,5/6/2012,387,536,14,8,8>Sorry Gino's, but Luigi's makes me for a split second prefer new-york thin style over chicago deep dish. Sometimes more than a split second if I go for another slice. You can see them making the 'pies' hot and fresh. I tried my best to soak in as much of their secret recipe as I could while ordering. One day Luigi's, I'll start my own Jenn's. Or Mario's (HA HA). Dilemma #1: pizza first or gelato first? It's a win-win, because they are both equally delicious. Although I would opt for pizza first. You order both from the counter inside. Dilemma #2: which to choose?! For pizza, my favorite: Caprese: tomatoes, buffalo-style mozzarella, and basil. "What? No meat?!" you may reply? Trust me you will not even notice the meatlessness. For gelato, depends what you're in the mood for and what flavors they have that day. I tried the strawberry, salted caramel, and coffee.Dilemma #3: where to sit? This isn't that big of a dilemma because the inside is pretty small. They have a big patio - perfect for the humid Houston heat. Dilemma #4: do I order an extra pizza to go? Yes, idiot. And I don't even like thin-crust!
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,5/5/2012,99,168,9,6,6>Belinda Carlisle needs to get a bit more specific....."Heaven is a place on............Washington"....and it's called The Boneyard Drinkery. Seriously, how did this take so long, Houston? Historically speaking, The Boneyard should have been created precisely in between the invention of sliced bread and peanut butter and jelly all in one jar (which I'm still not convinced was a good idea).Back to the Boneyard: It's such an obvious hit! I try to take my sweet maniac, Ruby to the dog park as much as possible. However, my constant need to socialize often gets in the way. PROBLEMO SOLVED! The play area is a fantastic size and provides plenty of seating for puppy watching and boozing in the shade. Worried about a dirty dog? I noticed a mobile grooming truck advertising their services nearby, though I can't comment on their work.I was expecting the actual bar to be kind of disgusting given the nature of the environment, but to my surprise, I would come here dogless! The bar serves an excellent menu of beers by the bottle and a few on draft...sometimes even in GOBLETS. Winos will also be pleased by their wine list. And for those of you who prefer the hard stuff....The Boneyard is BYOL!!!! I smell a Mastiff and Martini happy hour!   KIDDING (kinda).While it's against health code for The Boneyard to have a working kitchen, they provide their patrons with only the finest mobile food trucks on a daily basis. Which means I get to eat H-Town strEATs fried risotto balls, drink a cold Agave Wheat beer, and hang with my favorite bitches......plus, I get to spend time with Ruby too! (Yes....I went there. Had to.)And finally there are the bartenders and fellow patrons who clearly are all suffering from some sort of puppy / beer high euphoria making your visit to The Boneyard a complete home run.Bottom Line: Dog Park + Beverages + Risotto Balls......need I say more?****Know before you go: Bring sunglasses!!! The one and only flaw is that the park tends to get dusty - eye protection is necessary!***
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,5/4/2012,102,148,8,14,9>Full disclosure Hank the owner of Define Body and I are acquaintances ... which is part of the reason it has taken me so long to try out define body ... hear me out, i don't like bothering people i know when they are at work (unless you are a bartender), but then i thought "but i need to work on my flexibility and that's what DB is for" so i signed up for the unlimited month deal ... now it will cost you some $$$ but i desperately needed work on my core and flexibility ... plus i had just done the Houston half and needed some major help with getting the kinks out of my body AND at my age i need to be taking better care of myselfto be honest another reason it took me so long to try out DB is that i am a little intimidated by yoga, i mean as a dude i am not very flexible and some of those movements and poses are just como se dice not right for me ... so i man'd up and decided now is better than never ...My first class was the caliente class and it kicked my butt, it was tough, i should have started with a beginner class but the music is the best of all the other classes ... the soreness was immediate but not to worry i have a month long to work it out ... i tried all the different various classes with just about every instructor.  I am now embarrassed i had asked Hank 'who where the better instructors'.  It was a dumb question, which Hank did give me the "no you didn't just ask me that" look.  The truth is that it must be a very intensive training program for the instructors as they were all very consistent and all were great.  Seriously ALL were great, each class did a slight variation to the movements and such, this is briliant as each slight variation introduces a different flex in your muscle and your work out will be different each time you go, that way your muscle training does not become static! Now most classes are 98% female which is also intimidating because ladies are far more flexible then i am.  I can be described as a bull in a china shop if you will .... so now having taking these classes if i am walking down a dark alley and see a lady in a yoga outfit, i am running the other way, seriously these ladies are strong!  And very nice and patient with me since i had some trouble doing all the various poses or whatever they are called  ... To put it in perspective, I have taken regular yoga and that bikram yoga in the past and the differenence between those and DB is that DB is more like yoga on steroids, it will kick your a$$ each time and you will love it!  My flexibility has much improved but i still need to continue to work on it and DB is the rad place to do it!
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2012,5/3/2012,38,55,8,13,10>Los Angeles Crawfish Shack. Interesting! I wouldn't have guessed that mudbugs are a big in deal in California. Oops, my bad! LA in the name stands for Louisiana, ignore any references to the City of Angels.  The LA Crawfish Shack located on Gessner and Harwin, in a typical Houston shopping center, in perhaps the most diverse neighborhood in the entire world, Sharpstown.  A few things to keep in mind, there is no shack to be found, mind you, and speaking of location wasn't this space formerly an all-you-can-eat Mexican buffet restaurant? (In unison place your forefinger gently on your temple, crumple your lips and think, Hmmm)Mike their Operations Manager introduces himself to our group as we enter assuring us the best crawfish in all of Houston.  I've been boiling crawfish for 20 years now, in my opinion, there are few restaurants that can even make such a bold statement; Mike, you better walk the walk. The hostess motions to sit wherever we wish so we grab a table next to the window. A waiter brings menu's, unnecessary, as we order 4 Lbs. Cajun and 4 Lbs. House Special (Garlic Butter, Lemon Pepper, and Cajun) both Spicy Hot at the Happy Hour Price of $6.11.Decoratively speaking, I'm pretty sure the owners went shopping on Harwin, bought anything Louisiana and threw it up on the wall.  Some of the artwork looks as if they printed it themselves using a low-on-ink HP printer, tacky, but I'm here for one reason only and decor along with money is the last thing on my mind. Meanwhile, the server respectfully clears and covers the table with a plastic cloth.  After 10 minutes, the Lord of All Crustaceans is delivered in two bowls along with plates and plastic ware.Begins the eating with a pinch of tail, oh boy! The shell is not hard, spiciness is on target, huge claws, great flavor; these mudbugs are quite tasty! Furthermore, the saltiness is perfectly balanced, the bugs are not mushy, and most importantly they are clean.  As I eat more and more of the house special, there is a distinct flavor that comes alive with each bite that is pleasantly enhancing to the crawfish. A contrasting flavor that tames the spice and garlic which leaves an aftertaste until the next bite, very delicious.  When we ask the waiter about this flavor, he tells us, the cooks are the only ones who know the recipe and they keep it a secret.  Chuckle!  I do have a guess, but you have to experience it for yourself.Mike, I won't say it's the best in Houston as it's still early in the season and there are many more restaurants, but the LA Crawfish Shack can compete with the best of them.  Enjoy!.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,5/2/2012,413,275,34,16,15>So, I have a pretty round face. I got some big cheeks and small eyes. I'm Asian, cut me a break and give me a kit kat bar. But with those features I'm always mistaken to be Korean. However, I'm hardly close. The only things I can say in Korean are "I'm hungry" (very useful, everybody gots to eat!), "Do you wanna die?" (kinds sounds like the word chocolate), and "Take off your pants". I have no idea where I learned the last one from but it's in my Korean repertoire so deal with it. Therefore, any attempts at trying to say the name of this restaurant comes out as "My Dong". (Do you want to eat My Dong?) Uh oh, this may be the start of a very inappropriate review. Let's see how many times we can insert "That's what she said."I first asked for recommendations from the nice old couple. They were able to point at a few menu items but they seem to only speak Korean and little English. I don't think they would be too impressed with me if I said "Take off your pants". So I stuck with pointing and gestures with my questions.My friend and I decided to share an order of KimChi Ji Gae and Galbi. Um, how about we should have shared it with an entire family?! The portions were HUGE (!!). I asked the little old man how many pieces of Galbi came with an order and he said 8. I assumed 8 little pieces but no, these mothers were 8 pieces of full on rib. That's a whole lotta meat (!!)! The Galbi was tasty and flavorfull. The meat was juicy and easy to bite off the bone. You know sometimes you get those chewy ones that that you can't bite off and you're unsure if you're eating it or it's eating you. But that's not the case at My Dong. The KimChi Ji Gae was the perfect amount of spicy for me and filled with kimchi and tofu galore. It definitely hit the spot! It was one of the best kimchi ji gae's I ever had! The side dishes are also plentiful. I've never seen small dishes get packed so high. The bill came out to $35 for the both of us PLUS we both took home a box each of leftover. You definitely get your money's worth if not more!
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2011,5/1/2012,225,440,25,16,11>As resale goes, Blackbird is definitely one of the better shops along the Westheimer bargain blocks. I have been in here for a few things for myself a time or two and have had pretty good luck with quality and prices. My most recent visit was with my 13 year old niece, who was gearing up for going back to school. Being the good aunt I am, I was teaching her how to make her shopping budget stretch further than she had expected. Although she didn't quite find what she was looking for here, she did comment on how she liked a lot of the stuff in store. They concentrate on casual wear mostly, with tons of tees and tanks for the ladies and a great variety of jeans in the back. Their dress selection is pretty dismal though. I will say the staffer working behind the counter was much more pleasant than the ones that work at the black hole, that is Buffalo Exchange down the street. Those little douche bags make me wanna slap a baby.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2012,4/30/2012,216,95,16,24,23>I am baffled reading the 1 and 2 star reviews although not surprised as Uchi in Austin has also received lots of negative reviews about the wait times, and it's been open since May 2003.  I consider it a privilege to be waiting for a table - reservation or not - as they bring out some amazing appetizers on the house.  This is how I discovered their amazing tempura onion rings which are to die for.  They are a must try.Instead of babble on about which dishes I had in the two times I've been here (soft opening and post opening), I would like to say Uchi is one of a kind in this area of the country.  I know it's different than what you're used to.  I know there are no TVs.  I know it's pricey.  But you know what?  It blows most every Japanese restaurant in the central U.S. out of the water.  It may not be authentic in a traditional sense, but the fusion creations emerging from Tyson Cole's kitchen are a wonder to experience.    If you can't see that, then fine.  Go away and forget you ever ate here.  It means there's more room for the fans.     For those who only went to the soft opening, you owe it to yourself to return.  Tyson was in the kitchen when I went recently, and the food was even more incredible.  They are getting it down now.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,4/29/2012,3161,3020,9,14,13>With Ray's closing down and moon tower in not filling the whole toppings void, I've been lost in search of a good "dawg" in town.UNTIL NOW.A place like Happy Fatz, gotta make you smile.  Especially from a fat kid that loves cake AND hot dogs, and smiles after every delicious bite.My gf and I came here for lunch on a Sunday and when we rolled up we were able to park right along the curb in front of the building.  It's a quant little house when you walk in you're exposed to all of the delicious desserts, the lunch (gourmet hot dog) menu is on the side.The menu could be a bit overwhelming with about 12 pre-created ideas, and then a build it yourself menu.  I asked if the dogs were big, and they said plenty for one person, that means I need at least 1.5 or 2.  In this case though I wish I would have listened because these things are actually big.Each dog comes with a choice of three sides: cole slaw, kettle chips, or fresh fruit.  They also offer 2 flavored teas, hibiscus and a melon.  The hibiscus was very refreshing.Between the two of us we decided to split 3 dogs.  The first being the Texas chile dog, which was like a frito pie being thrown on top of a hotdog.  It was good but by far the tamest of the bunch.  The next was the clucker.  It was my gf's favorite and it's basically breakfast piled on top of a dog.  How do you ask? It's got hashbrown, bacon, and topped with a over easy egg.  DAMN.  I am a sucker for some fried eggs.  But my favorite was the St. Louis.  This thing had baked beans, grilled onions, bacon, and a sauce that I couldn't put my tongue on but it blew me away.After my first bite I was sold.  Ray's you've been replaced, with a place that makes me FAT but keeps me HAPPY.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,4/28/2012,105,95,6,8,10>I've been to and through Discovery Green many times since it opened in 2008. I've also walked through the Wortham Foundation Gardens section of the park, which is a much better name than "Waste Management Gardens," but never really paid attention to the large parabolic shaped statue looking seat things that reside there. Yes, I know, that is a terrible description. What's so special about the parabolic shaped statue looking seat things? Well, they are actually "Listening Vessels." Two "vessels" are placed bout 50 feet apart and facing each other. If someone sits in each vessel and has a normal volume conversation with the person in the other vessel, the vessels magically transport the sound from one vessel to another. Even if you whisper, the other person can still hear you. How is this possible? MAGIC! And by magic, I mean science. Your seat (and head) are located in front of a parabolic reflector. The parabolic reflector functions due to the geometric properties of the paraboloidal shape: if the angle of incidence to the inner surface of the collector equals the angle of reflection, then any incoming ray that is parallel to the axis of the dish will be reflected to a central point (your head). I stole that sentence from Wikipedia, so I hope I don't get sued for plagiarism. In other words, your vessel gathers and focuses sound waves towards your head (ears). If you are ever in the park, go check out some science. Oops, I mean MAGIC!
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2012,4/27/2012,387,597,6,11,7>I never ever thought I would write a review about a holistic new agey yuppy pet food store. Yet here I am. Every single day I ask my corgi "How are you pooping today?" He never responds, but his poo quality is a good indicator of his health. And they too are interested in how he's pooping. When he was a pup, he was sent home on puppy Iams. He's a fluffy corgi and I really REALLY wanted a beautiful coat on him. Our breeder recommended Taste of the Wild salmon flavor to achieve the best coat possible. We get so many compliments from vets to groomers to casual dog lovers on how great his coat looks. It's definitely the food. And this has been one place close to home to get that dog food. It's high quality stuff! My dog eats better than I do!They have little packages of single serving foods to try see if your pup is interested in eating it. I really appreciate that. Nothing like buying a bag of dog food that your dog doesn't want to eat. They know their dog food and can easily recommend something for even the most picky eater or one with the most food allergies. Best yet, if you register in their system if you buy 10 of the same size dog food brand (can be different flavors) your 11th is free. They even keep track of what flavors you buy in case you can't remember if its lamb or bison that your pup likes. The only downside to this place is the parking lot (which they cannot help). It's ALWAYS a disaster. More dog than cat centric, and I'm OK with that.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2011,4/26/2012,687,439,8,13,9>If someone tells you they have a sweet tooth, don't listen to them.  I will tell you, I have a full set of sweet teeth.  When I saw that this place was opening I had cautious optimism about this place being successful.  The location is a bit odd and it's predecessor... well, it's not there anymore is it?One bite into the pumpkin pie macaroon and my optimism was renewed.  It was full of cinnamon and really put me into the Thanksgiving spirit.  Also tried the mint chocolate chip, strawberry, blueberry and pistachio.  (Yes, I will admit that I have been here three times in one week.)  The blueberry was my second favorite - close second.  If you enjoy blueberries, you will LOVE it.  Tastes like straight bberries!The frozen custard was also delicious.  Tried the vanilla and chocolate swirll and I think it had chocolate specs in it which was a definite treat between the creamy goodness and sweet flavors.Oh, they have cakeballs.  They are decent.I really like this place.  On the spectrum of affordability, it is on par for being in the upper Kirby area.  People are definitely willing to pay for it and its a really nice store front.Will be back to try the mini pb&j cupcake in my next three visits next week...  helps that they open till 11 on the weekends!
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2011,4/25/2012,64,239,8,10,10>So pretty and shiny, so very very shiny. I've never been so impressed with the design and ascetics of a movie theater. I felt like I was walking into a hotel I couldn't afford. There a ridiculously long entrance, foyer, vestibule, what not, lined with pop art portraits of actors. After your mile long walk you reach the ticket counter, horay for it being inside. Why don't more places do this? It's Houston, er or really Sugar Land, but it's too hot most of the time to stand outside and wait in line. The ticket prices are higher than the other Star locations in Clear Lake and Conroe, $10 for adults, $9 for students/seniors and $7 for children (ages 5 - 10). Sorry no kiddos under 5, mhahahha. Thank you Star for keeping the crying babies away and the parents that think it's ok to bring them. My parents took me with them to see Return of the Jedi when I was way too young. Those Ewoks still give me nightmares. Once your past the ticket counter you get the full glory of the bar/lobby. So pretty and shiny, there's a freaking chandelier! Full bar and usual Star beer selection, American standards with Shiner and St Arnold's thrown in there.The only thing I wish they had done design wise is maybe put up some signs for the restrooms. I wondered around like a lost puppy just trying to find the toilet. They're not hidden buy any means. It's just that every one of their doors are the same, and the signs on the restroom doors are the small black ones you can buy at Office Depot. Black sign on a black door not easy to see. There are nine screens and the theater capacity is huge, not the screens though. The screens are very disproportionate, I would even say small. You may actually have a better view in the first few rows than in the back of the theater. If you sit too far back you might feel like you're just watching a movie at home, the grandeur of the theater is lost. The seats are super comfy, they rock, like back and forth, and they're white. What? Ya it's kinda weird. The arm rests have cup holders, but the soda cups are huge, which apparently make it difficult for people to get in their seats. A couple came in late to the movie and sat next to us. She nearly sat on my drink! There's just not enough room in between the tables. The service is going through a little growing pains, but that's normal, they just opened. They have the same menu that the other locations do, still somewhere between restaurant and fast food quality, but still better than Studio Movie Grill's food. So happy that this location is finally open. We will be giving them too much of our money in the future. To reintegrate... ITS VERY SHINY.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,4/24/2012,269,274,6,16,15>5 people lunch for only $35.00 and we all leave completely full and satisfied, that's really hard to beat. It seems to me Malaysian food is the best of everything is Asian/Pacific Rim cuisine because that menu in huge.  We were lucky we had a local with us who was able navigate through the extensive menu. When I say local I mean, someone who lives in the neighborhood, because it's like a whole other world out here. When we arrived for lunch there was a short wait for a table of 5. A waiter came outside and informed us to write our name on the clipboard and they'll be out in a few minutes to seat us. As you wait they have their menu posted on the window. When we were finally sat we were ready to order, we sounded like pros, Roti Cani, Pad Thai, Singapore Stir Fry, and Calamari.  My favorite was the Roti Cani and the Singapore Stir Fry.  The Cani was butter and soft and dipping it in that Curry sauce was delicious.  I loved the protein medley stir fried with the rice noodles and the sauce in Singapore Stir Fry.  The Pad Thai was OK, I've had better, It seems it was a watered down version. More sweet than spicy, but still very good.I am looking forward to making a return trip, but it may be awhile, there are so many places int he area I want to visit first.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2011,4/23/2012,115,362,15,15,14>"They're curiously appealing," Ignatius said, clearing his throat. "I thought that the vibrissae about my nostrils detected something unique while I was outside." Moon Tower Inn sets the scents of specialty game frankfurters aloft on the passing breeze, and on my first visit I gave the nod to their pork (Piggie Smalls) and duck (Uncle Scrooge) varieties. To the pork I added their country mustard, black pepper ketchup, and stout beer sauerkraut, while on the duck I went in a French direction, perhaps thinking of foie gras, and added Dijon mustard. Things like cilantro, onion, and jalapeño add an extra punch, but really it's the quality of the dogs that shine through. On a wholly separate, though no less important note, as any sandwich connoisseur will tell you: no matter whether you're talking hotdogs, burgers, tortas, or pljeskavice - greatness hinges on the bread. The pretzel buns put these dogs on another level - soft on the inside, yet toothsome on the outside, with just a touch of sweetness. I'd almost be content just eating these on their own with a shot of mustard watching a ball game.   Ignatius belched. "I do believe that I shall have another of these savories." I met some friends here a second time, and decided to give two other options a whirl, this time the pheasant (Ghetto Bird) and the elk (Velvet Elkis). I topped each with a somewhat arbitrary array of the Moon Tower's excellent condiments, adding the stout sauerkraut to the elk, thinking it'd be a stronger flavor like a brat, and indeed it was. An intense sausage with just a hint of gamey spice from the lean meat. The pheasant was lighter, as expected from fowl, and well seasoned, with herbs mixed in not seen in the other dogs.After his fourth hot dog, Ignatius ran his magnificent pink tongue around his lips and up over his moustache and said to the old man, "I cannot recently remember having been so totally satisfied. I was fortunate to find this place."Indeed, all Houstonians are fortunate. The laid back atmosphere is befitting the All-American cuisine, served essentially in a big backyard, heightened by the scattered picnic tables, the basketball court, and a couple of horseshoe pits. This laid back philosophy may, however, leave you wondering whether this place is staffed by a confederacy of dunces, considering a friend once waited an hour and a half for her secret sandwich. The "Dazed and Confused" vibe only carries so far before patrons feel neglected, but I think this problem is generally only found on busy weekend nights or their popular movie screenings on Tuesdays.There was only one stone left unturned after my first couple of trips. The feta cheese that seems always to be featured on the board. The sharp taste of feta didn't seem to me to go with any of the wild game dogs except lamb, which hadn't been featured any of the times I visited. Until this last trip. There it was, the Tali-lamb. I had envisioned making a sort of Greek style dog, with feta, onions, cilantro - almost like a gyro. Even though most people would probably be satisfied with one dog, I keep ordering two, so I got the lamb and revisited the elk. The lady at the window asked if I wanted to pick my own toppings or leave it chef's choice; I decided to go chef's choice on the elk, but I wanted to create my Greek dog. As I started rattling off my toppings, however, the lady chimed in, "Yeah, that's the chef's choice, just add sambal mayo." A hotdog stand after my own heart.The lamb dog was heavily seasoned with Mediterranean flavors, and oozed an almost chorizo-colored juice which was delicious with the tart feta and spicy, yet not overwhelming (de-seeded), jalapeños. Everything I thought it could be.As if the gourmet dogs and the pretzel buns weren't enough, the Inn has an impressive array of small craft beers both on tap and in bottles, and you'll likely find something new. All of which keeps me coming back to party at the Moon Tower. Just don't bring that asshole O'Bannion.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2011,4/22/2012,2,225,1,10,8>We recently had to break up with our groomer for our dogs. We loved the work they did with the dogs, but they kept changing their Saturday hours and procedures, and it reached a point where it simply wasn't worth the effort anymore, for us. So London and Mei got to meet a new groomer this past Saturday morning. Let me set the stage:I just returned from three weeks on the road, in the high desert and dry mountains regions of New Mexico and Colorado. I took the dogs with me. For starters, this means that they missed their usual five week appointment, so their hair was way too long. Secondly, London suffered a serious (mysterious) cut under his left eye which bled all over his muzzle and made a huge, crusted, dredlocked mess. Thirdly, Mei developed an ulcerated cornea (nearly two) which caused discharge all over her face she was in too much pain to allow me to clean off. So, in short, these two were in the worst condition I think they've ever been in when I took them to a groomer. I wrote ahead of time to warn the staff what was coming, and they just kind of shrugged it off. When we arrived in person, they didn't seem at all concerned. Four or five hours later, I got back two dogs who looked the best they've looked in a long time -including- their faces which had required so much extra attention. Communication both before, during and after the visit was great. The price was right, too.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2011,4/21/2012,71,103,4,13,9>If you consider shopping to be exercise, this store can keep you walking for awhile. Mam's is one of the larger resales stores in the Houston area. One thing I love about Mam's is there organization; Yes, organization is a great thing in a resale store. All of the large art/frames are together, furniture has it spot, seasonal, clothes, and jewelry. Which is great, if I am not in a seasonal mood, I can skip that section. Another thing that makes me happy is their monthly discount system. Every resale/consignment store should be using this system (ah-hm-hm...On Consignment in Dallas). All in all, fun shop on a Saturday afternoon.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2011,4/20/2012,427,838,10,13,11>Man! I should have known damn good Yelper (and fellow Texas Ex) Alexander W. would be quick with the trigger in snagging the FTR for these damn good tacos. That's right, Longhorns fans, the devilishly famous Torchy's Tacos have made their way to Houston.In an homage from underground to mainstream, Houstonians that like to crow "what you know about the S.U.C." should get behind Austinites shouting out "what you know about Torchy's T." While the Space City is replete with taquerias and taco trucks, they don't quite have the Tex-Mex taco market cornered. Enter Torchy's. Like Paul Wall and his ilk, Torchy's went from a cult favorite to reigning taco champ of Austin, a title well deserved by both devils.For its next act, the Austin-based chain has set up shop where the short-lived Greatfull Taco used to stand. For those familiar with the Torchy's brand, this one does it big. The space is huge, with counter ordering directly upon entry and the utensil/condiment/fountain drink bar strategically hidden behind a freestanding wall. There's a trio of options for sitting: interior dining, patio-type covered dining with heat, and flat out melt in the sun seating.If you'd been following Torchy's cult Damn Good Blog (damngoodtacos.blogspot.c), you could've scored yourself a chance at the Grand Opening. Luckily my Internet sleuthing skills were up to snuff, and the fiance and I headed on down to get a taste of Austin. It's a bit bittersweet, as it's nice to have the memories present and accounted for in Houston, yet it makes the Austin experience just a little less special. That's a phenomenon that's sure to reoccur when fellow Austin-based deliciousness arrives in Houston: the incomparable sushi restaurant Uchi, followed by trendsetting Korean taco truck Chi'Lantro.But I digress. The grand opening was packed, and probably a good mixture of Austin transplants jonesing for their Torchy's and Houston foodies curious to try these bad boys for the first time. Service is quick and extremely friendly. With multiple cashiers and a bigger kitchen, it's sure to be much more speedy than the original, slow Trailer Park location in Austin.Tacos are admittedly pricey, but they're huge: two generally fill me to the brink. Tacos range from $3-$4, with the breakfast tacos coming in a mite cheaper. Each taco comes with a recommended tortilla (corn or flour) and hot sauce (tomatillo, poblano, chipotle, and diablo), but you can mix and match as you see fit. There's the standard Mexican offerings like beef fajita, chicken fajita, and baja shrimp. If you're more adventurous, there's the fusion-type tacos like fried chicken (Trailer Park), beef brisket (Crossroads), or jerk chicken (Brushfire). Oh yeah, some of the tacos have funky names that add to the charm. For example, and for my money, the Democrat is where it's at. Beef barbacoa, a slice of avocado, raw onions, cilantro, and a lime wedge. Drool-worthy. It's one of the best tacos I've ever had. Like a BBQ quest where you look for the perfect slice of brisket that doesn't require sauce, the Democrat needs no salsa. But if you're looking for a kick, the diablo sauce is spicily mouth-watering.The fiance is in love with the Fried Avocado, and I can' t blame her. That crispy wedge of green goodness is perfectly accented by the thick, tasty heaping of refried beans and complemented with a delightfully creamy poblano ranch sauce.I personally like to wash my Torchy's down with a Mexican coke. There's just something about the pure cane sugar that tastes so fine with these damn good tacos.Whether you're a first-timer or a long-timer, head on out to Torchy's. It's a long-awaited and long-needed addition to the Houston taco market. And I didn't even need to write any "Free Torchy" rap lyrics to make it happen.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2011,4/19/2012,556,161,8,17,15>I promised myself I would not write a review for this place. Why? Because I tend to keep the great finds to myself. Cafe Luz serves absolutely the best hot chocolate that I've ever had. I asked "Do you guys have good hot chocolate?"and he responded, "Yes, we have a choice between Mayan, Mexican, Venezuelan dark, and European." My heart overloaded with joy when I realized this wasn't going to be your standard powdered Ghiradelli mix or choco-flavored syrup drink.Matt (I think his name was) suggested a mix between the Mayan and Mexican. My cup came out with that thick, bubbly, foamy, molten looking top that real hot chocolate should have. It was deep and delicious with a hint of cayenne and cinnamon --- perfection, or so I thought. He then came up to me with a spoon of homemade marshmallows and plopped them into my drink. Now it was perfect. He was very helpful, not to mention, great company as I sat and sipped (or chugged) my drinking chocolate.I showed him the "Free Cookie" coupon on the Yelp app and he brought out two piping hot bacon chocolate chip cookies fresh from the oven. He also brought me a "taste" of the European style hot chocolate. Imagine The Chocolate Bar's hot chocolate, but not too sweet and just as decadent. Sublime is the word to describe the cookies and hot chocolate.I already have my week planned around getting more goodies from here. You will thank me for sharing my secret spot with you, but I'm sure I will regret it later when this place has a line around the corner for their amazing concoctions.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,4/18/2012,10,30,6,17,12>Outstanding Thai food, friendliest owner, nice restaurant. The only, and I mean only disadvantage this restaurant has is it's location. My girlfriend and I come here a lot, but for this review I'm going to cover the most recent and best dishes I've had. Firstly, ordering the water I received a nice surprise. They have fresh fruit in their pitchers of water so it tastes nothing like tap-water. Brilliant. Next they bring out a soup for you to try, free of charge. And even at the end of your meal you're given a small sample of their dessert, which isn't bad either. I like it whenever restaurants do this. They also give you a little candy whenever you are leaving. It is a Thai Tamarind candy, (amazon.com/Amira-Tamarin) which I ended up buying some of my own because I couldn't get enough of them.MUST TRY: Pla Sam Rohd. Yeah, I can't pronounce it either. But that won't matter whenever you are eating it, really. We got it with the chicken Sa-Tay, which once dipped in the peanut sauce was really good. But back to the fish. The Pla Sam Rohd is a pompano flat-fish. It's covered in a sweet/sour curry sauce, and we ordered it at medium heat which I thought was perfect. Not hot, but tons of flavor. The fish, although it's flat, actually has a LOT of meat on it, so $14 for it wasn't a bad deal. The skin is crunchy and has a great flavor as well. It doesn't taste 'fishy' at all, you can tell it was fresh. The girlfriend and I were debating on which was better, this dish or the crispy snapper from Thai Spice. While the crispy snapper from Thai Spice has awesome flavor, the Pla Sam Rohd is healthier (baked not fried) and has better value (more servings). Since we came at dinner time we paired the fish with a Pad Thai Tofu (medium heat as well). It's everything you would expect from Pad Thai. The tofu was as good as tofu gets and the noodles were always good. We struggled to finish those two plates but we had to - because it was so good.  We frequently come for lunch, where I typically get the Thai BBQ. The beef has a good flavor and I really enjoy the sauces that come with the dish. I had no idea it was BYOB as well, I think they should advertise that a little more. I looked around on the menu but it wasn't mentioned. I only found out whenever I saw a couple with a "pick-your-six" 6-pack. Cool. Overall it's a great tasting Thai restaurant that not only has good value, but friendly wait-staff and a really cool owner. I hope one day he decides to venture out and get a better location - I think it would be great for the business. Even then, I'll be back!
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,4/17/2012,84,107,3,11,5>Three words: VEGAN BRUNCH BUFFET. I have died and gone to heaven. One of the most difficult feats as a non-dairy vegetarian is eating out for breakfast or brunch. Since brunch incorporates a social aspect on top of the food, I usually leave a restaurant enjoying my company but being disappointed with the food. I'm either stuck eating all carbs or a god-forsaken salad. THANK YOU RADICAL EATS for offering brunch that allows me to eat endless heaping plates of scrambled tofu, tamales, french toast, potatoes, rice pudding and whatever other goodness they offer. Yum yum and yummmy.As a Heights resident, I was realllly bummed that they parted ways so early on from their partnership with Ashbury Heights. Because now they're in some random neighborhood overwhelmed with construction EVERYWHERE. But when when good vegan food is hard to find in Steak Country, I will drive through minefields just to eat.The place is very nondescript and once housed a tacqueria of some sort. There isn't even a sign except for their logo painted outside. Inside you'll find outdated brown wall paneling, some funky cotton twigs in jars adorning each table, and mismatched vinyl diner chairs. That being said, don't be surprised and don't let that set you back. It's exactly what the vegan lifestyle is: simple, non pretentious with a focus on health. So take my advice and come here for the delicious food and help support (and then promote) the vegan community.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,4/16/2012,125,603,7,9,11>I have not been here since about 5 months ago and I wanted to update the review and make amends.  Service started going south the last few times I was here and my son finding a string in his Pho' made it the Tapioca Straw that broke the camel's back.Forward to 2/11/12, Something seems different, oh!  They made a really nice table arrangement where the stage is on your right where the LCD TV's were stolen at the break in last year.  Yea, that's all on that, I was more worried about the taste of the food going down hill and hoping they have fixed things a little.My brother and his family finally arrived so we sat and ordered, may I add it was a little cold in there?  It's ok though, tolerable 65 degree climate inside, I like cold anyways.Menu:  As another reviewer wrote "It's like reading a Harry Potter 7 book", she was pretty much in accordance of what I had to say about it, is this a complaint? In no way it is, lots of variety of dishes for EVERYBODY, even the tofu lover in you (ok, me).My brother ordered for me and what big thing that wow'ed me this time was the Fried Rice Cake.  I hold Tan Tan as the king of this appetizer because many of attempted and just about all have failed to surpass this until N O W.  The rice squares are fried a little longer than Tan Tan's and have that micro crunch that you would usually find in a pizza crust but they got it right on.  The sauce that comes on the side of it even surpassed the champion.  They did/do not use as much rice vinegar as Tan Tan's but whatever other ingredient they varied boosted it's "I want" factor in me.  Now I do not have to drive all the way to Bellaire or Westheimer to get this, drawback?  It's $6.49, the Tan Tan's price on Westheimer is $5.99 and Tan Tan's Bellaire location charges $4.99.Fish in a clay pot:  Dark, rich sauce with the cat fish not smelling fishy, so to speak.  It came to the table bubbling with a container of white rice.  Very delicious and the perfection that they put into the sauce makes you want that sauce in almost all of the dishes that you order.Bird's Nest Combination:  I do not know how to spell it right but it's on the parallel of "Mi Xao Don".  The sauce was comparably good as the fish in a clay pot sauce.  Even though mostly different, it also was a dark color and the chicken, shrimp, squid, snow peas, carrots, broccoli all came on top of the deep fried  yellow  noodled nest that can be eye measured to about 6 inches.Crabmeat and Asparagus Soup: aka "Sup Mang Cua'", just right taste as well.  I have had it here before and clearly do not remember it tasting this good like this time.  It had a defined crab flavor but did not have that "sea stinky" scent that some places happened to induct in their cooking failure.  Service:  Very attentative.  I never once had to look around for water, the Iced Tea's were always filled,  extra napkins were placed in front/middle of us instead of asking and the food came out piping hot.  I expected service to drop off a little since there was a loud table of about 25 people in the corner but they stifled any concerns and worries that I had.Cleanliness:  There was not one thing encountered on the floor that would suspect that there were people eating in the restaurant earlier.  It was about 2:00 pm on a Sunday so they did not just open.  Place can get loud though because the cold hard ceramic floors also bounce any sounds off of the tall ceiling, but that can be over looked.  Total bill for 3 adults, 2 kids and a baby $55, reasonable!Ha, you have redeemed yourself, I'm sorry for the 5 month haitus from your place but it only took a little time to gain my confidence and time for you folks to pan things out and you sure did it. Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,4/15/2012,328,306,5,10,10>Believe. The. Hype.I was worried that after all the glowing pre-press that I'd be setting myself up too much, but thankfully all my expectations were met and exceeded at last night's dinner (which so far, has been my best meal of the year)! The space is warm and rustic but still contemporary. The open kitchen and meat hanging case help whet your appetite while the giant walk-in closet of wine and jars of pickles serve both form and function. Fully staffed, the kitchen and dining room flowed smoothly and efficiently. Now onto the best part!Warm Rye Bread, Charred Spring Onion Butter - steaming hot out of the oven, the bread was crusty on the outside, soft and fluffy inside, just waiting for the amazing oniony butter to melt all over it.Poussin, Rice Cake, Swiss Chard Cole Slaw - chopped dark meat chicken, rolled into white meat chicken, very tender, not dry. Creamy rice cake with a crispy exterior.Corn Meal Cured Pork, Onion Biscuit Bread Pudding, Sorghum Mustard Marmalade - huge chop on the bone, cooked perfectly, even the fat was beautifully matched and delicious. Bread pudding was like a great Thanksgiving stuffing, with more oniony goodness. Goat Rack, Broccoli Rice Casserole - again a beautifully roasted meat accented with fat, not gamey at all, super tender. I wasn't sure how fantastic a broccoli rice casserole could be, but I found out. The broccoli was roasted, so the texture had a nice bite, the rice was cheesy but not gooey.Buttermilk Tart, Pickled Strawberries - a hint of lemon, nice and dense, not too sweet, just the right portion size, strawberries were more jam-like than pickled. De.Li.Cious from beginning to end. The flavors of the ingredients really stood out, not having to be over-enhanced with heavy sauces or seasonings. Even though the meats had a good amount of fat, nothing felt greasy or super heavy. Somehow I managed to control myself and stop eating so I have great leftovers for lunch now. Can't wait to come back for more of their creations and kudos to Chef Chris, Matthew, and crew for bringing together such a great dining experience in Houston!
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,4/14/2012,41,122,8,13,8>Sheri is a truly great, knowledgeable, and kind acupuncturist and healer. I have recommended her to my friends for a wide variety of issues. Her treatments are very effective and she is extremely intuitive and observant about what your health needs might be. I appreciate how she takes the time and energy to explain things to you and share her observations. Her practice is in a lovely little storefront on Persa--very peaceful and calming tucked behind the trees! I would not go anywhere else for acupuncture.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,4/13/2012,343,368,8,12,9>THE BEEF BRISKET TACO IS AMAZEBALLS.  This is what an addiction looks like:  Every Tuesday at work, I look forward to lunch time and the two beef brisket taco + two sides + drink for $6.95 special.  I get the shakes around 11am because I know lunchtime is drawing near.Can two pulled brisket tacos fill you up?  Otto's definitely can.  It is rush-hour-west-610-loop-jammed-packed to the brim with juicy beef brisket. The brisket has a hint of spiciness that gradually builds up and smacks you in the mouth. Not enough?  It is topped off with overabundant slices of fresh avocados and grilled onions.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2011,4/12/2012,265,191,4,16,8>For this week's happy hour, we were celebrating one of our troops' early retirement status as a new S.A.H.W (Stay At Home Wife). The date perfectly coincided with Fashion Night Out in the Galleria and I thought what better way to try out a new bar! Luckily, the celebrant loves pseudo-Speakeasy joints (she's a fan of several in D.C.).A few tips & tricks:1. Hidden Location: It's located in Galleria 3 where Fox Sports Grill used to be, next to the old Ello Lounge (which is now a giant Sony store). It faces Westheimer, as noted by previous Yelpers. If coming from main Galleria building, go through Saks and exit the other direction. You will find it near escalators.2. Parking: Two options. You can valet with Saks next door (and then follow the above walking directions) or use the free underground parking. If using the free underground parking, approach it from Sage and you will end up directly below. It's easier than the Westheimer approach.3. Food: - Truffle fries: matchstick sized fries piled high to the heavens and seasoned with truffle oil. Truffle flavored anything is a winner in my book.- Escargot: about 15 or so escargot pieces and surprisingly not swimming in sauce (like the usual preparation). However, they were deliciously buttery and served with about eight pieces of thinly sliced toast.- BBQ Peach Pizza: Burnt on the first try but still delicious! We ended up with rounds of this.- Artichoke Pesto Pizza: Delicious, though I think I was expecting too much for it to be like the pizza from NY's Artichoke & Basil Pizza restaurant (sadly, it is not).4. Drinks:- Absinthe - did not know it's legal!!! But the bartender offered us shots of absinthe which I politely refused.- Our group tried a myriad of drinks from the menu & so I can't even point you in the correct direction to suggest any item. You can imagine that after rounds and rounds of potent cocktails, the names started to blur. The only drink I remember was The Perfection and only because our bartender John made a grand presentation of it.5. Staff:- The manager (cannot remember his name) sweetly gave us  food and drinks with HH prices though some of the group arrived past HH.- John, one of the bartenders from the main bar kept us thoroughly entertained and gave us free shots.- Our table server was very sweet, prompt, and more importantly, kept all of our separate bills in order (which is hard to do considering a big group who meanders back and forth between the table & the bar and ordering rounds of food).For a happy hour experience, we were definitely pleased with Prohibition. However, I'd definitely like to come back later in the nights & weekends to see the live bands/djs that people speak of.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/18/2011,4/11/2012,111,115,6,15,8>I like CoCo's when it comes to food....and for once, I agree with the masses. But for ambience and service, this place is just bad. Real bad. This is one of those places you hate supporting because the workers are rude, indifferent and clueless, but you go anyway because the food is better than 'just okay'. And I'm sure the owner knows this and I am absolutely convinced it explains his aloof, sometimes snobby, demeanor.I like their iced cafe mocha (better than Starbucks) and the rest of their coffee beverages are pretty decent.As far as savory food goes, I prefer their paninis over their crepes.  I like #1 (chicken, spinach, and basil pesto)  or #6 (smoked salmon, capers, spinach, and basil pesto).For dessert crepes, it's pretty free-for-all.  You can customize what you want.  I stick with the menu and add one or two things to it.  I like to get #5 (called "raspberry" crepe, but it has strawberries, bananas & white chocolate mousse).  My sis was confused once, and asked the guy at the counter why it's called "raspberry crepe" if it only lists strawberries in the description.  He said, and I quote, "Yeah, because it has strawberries in it. It's called raspberry crepe, so yeah." O...k.Don't go here if you plan on studying or holding a conversation. Music is loud and there aren't many places to sit and spread out. And also, the booth inside is just dirty.... I know the owner has some serious dough, so I'm a bit confused as to why he refuses to replace the freaking cushion with a less tattered and less smelly one. As other reviewers noted, they hardly refill waters or do anything servers should be doing. Kind of annoying.Only linger on the patio if it's nice outside. Even then, i wouldn't. It's noisy, polluted and generally uncomfortable.I haven't been to CoCo's lately because I'm still a little turned off by their service and I've been a bit more picky with where I spend my money.  I'm a stickler for hospitality and CoCo's has none of that.I may return some time soon to see if there's any improvement as far as the service because I'd hate to blacklist CoCo's (not that it'd make a difference).  Totally not a plug, but I heard of Melange Creperie and how service there is great and the food is just as good, so I will have to check it out. So that may be my creperie of choice from now on.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,4/10/2012,273,77,5,8,6>Royal Wedding day in Houston and Stephen R. and I were contemplating on where to go out for lunch and he brilliantly suggested this place!Leibman's was offering a Royal Wedding High Tea for $5.50 which I saw some ladies partaking in.  I however in poor British form dislike tea...but the Shepard's Pie definitely caught my beady eyes! Ladies and gents, I declare this to be the best Shephard's Pie in Houston although I have yet to try Red Lion's version, as well as Richmond Arms'.  I was feeling rather British that day, so I thought I might be able to get my hands on some pork pies since they carry a large amount of British products, but alas they were out that day.  The owner reassured me that they would have them again shortly.I was also very impressed with their selection of chocolates, both packaged and non.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2011,4/9/2012,110,309,7,10,11>Get the extra moist brisket or go home.No really, this is how real TX BBQ is served. Butcher paper and your hands. Seriously, get over it. And on a hygienic note, they do have a huge ass sink to wash your hands.Not my first rodeo at Rudy's. I was curious to see how long the wait was at this location. Mine was 20 mins on a Sat night. Sunday afternoon was a little bit longer- prob 35 or so.I've bought a bottle of sauce and pretty much put it on everything before. No sissy sause here.We do it big, family style. Extra moist brisket, sausage, chicken, turkey, white and wheat bread, creamed corn and cole slaw. I've never been a fan of the slaw, that's just me. Creamed corn was perfection on a cool, rainy day.Way back in the day, I used to truck this stuff 3 hours from Austin to Houston.This setup seems small for what I'm used to, I'm hoping they do well and expand it out: patio area and such.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2011,4/8/2012,367,667,3,5,4>The place is VERY new, so they are still working out some kinks, but for a quick barbecue lunch its right up my alley.  The owner is SUPER nice, and actually came over to our table to ask for suggestions, and comments. (he encouraged bad and good!)  We went in for lunch last week, as I think they had only been open for about a week.  I opted for the chopped chicken barbecue sandwich, and a side of potato salad.  the chicken was good, juicy, and chopped right of the bone.  He removed the skin, and plated it on a nice fluffy grilled bun.  The barbecue sauce came in three different varieties (mild, hot, spicy)  All were good, but the spicy was my personal favorite.  The potato salad could use more spice, was a bit bland.  My other diners sampled the sample platter (I tasted the jalapeno sausage, and turkey) and we tried the homemade blueberry cobbler (a DEFINITE winner!) The atmosphere was very nice, and welcoming, with lots of Texas maps, photos, memorabilia.  As a rule, much better than Luling, still not as good at Goode Company.  The staff was super friendly, and the prices were VERY reasonable. $10 bucks for lunch, walking out happy, is okay in my book.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,4/7/2012,172,157,4,5,5>Rather than the more accepted matrimony of chips and spicy salsa, I realized there was not two but three members in this complimentary appetizer love triangle. TQLA added a second salsa to the mix to be consumed with the tortilla chips. With the light green sauce, dark green specs of cilantro, infinitely small shreads of tomatillo, and pale jalopeno seeds floating around the liquidous pool, this salsa looks authentic. It had all the key indications of being an equally spicy sauce (as the red one), but to my taste buds surprise, this pseudo authentic green salsa with fiery potential was actually sweet. It totally took me by surprise. Looks can be deceiving.The red salsa, with mild to medium heat, is the food child of spicy salsa and a bbq sauce; it will pinch your tastebuds Food was just meh, so so.Tacos were okay, I've had better.Rice was just okay, I've had better.I couldn't help but admire the cilantro...The cilantro garnishing my dish hanged above cheese like an umbrella, hovering above. My cilantro, garnishing my dish, was like a palm tree on a cheese island, above a sea of beans, all contained in a lil cup. Music is energetic, ranging from spanish rock/pop to lady gaga's just danceMy attraction to TQLA is pretty superficial.It's just pretty to be at, but when it comes to sustenanceit's enough to kill the hunger but not really praiseworthy food.I will give them kudos for their tequila selectionand hotspot location along Washington, but the mostcompelling reason to come back (the food) isn't there.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,4/6/2012,226,316,6,15,9>The place is a little hard to find. Advice: from Washington, turn south onto Waughford St where for a short stretch, the road is a two way. You can park in their mini parking lot in back (only accessible by Waughford) OR you can park in the front lot too (the EZ Loan store) OR on the street. Would highly recommend carpooling for big parties.Now to get to the food. Biggest problem most people have when going is choosing what to order. All of it just sounds fabulous...you'll be tempted to order everything on the menu! Slider Trio - When I went it was Antelope, Buffalo/Bison, and Venison. Hands down Venison was the best. All had great flavor and not too game-y tasting. All their burgers/sliders are served on a soft pretzel bun. The mini buns are adorable AND delicious! FYI, all sliders/burgers come with lettuce, tomatoes, onions and pickles, so if you don't like a certain ingredient, you've been informed. Downside to trio - the meat was juicy BUT not nearly as juicy as if you got a whole burger. Kangaroo Burger - Hubby got this and it was juicy, flavorful, and delicious!!!Sweet Potato Fries - LOVE them! They're the ones that have a fat soft inside with a delicious crunch on the outsideWild Game Fries - Good, but might stick with the sweet potato ones next time or try to Python Chili FriesPheasant Dog - Friend got this and she was in heaven. Mental note to get this next time!Homemade specialty sauces (that you can order for free with food) in order of what I liked best of the ones I tried:- Aji Pepper Mayo (creamy, not too spicy)- Cilantro Aioli- Habenero Ketchup (great with sweet potato fries; not too spicy but nice kick at the end)- Cajun Remoulade (the spiciest of the ones I tried)Other perks:- Full bar- Patio with umbrellas- Nice, friendly staff
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2011,4/5/2012,251,713,16,17,15>I'm no vegan, but I like healthy. I wanted to start with that because I didn't want the lack of meat or meat by products to deter you from stopping here.   Actually, I'd been craving beef for a few days, then I read a review of Ray's Real Pit BBQ Shack that went on ad nauseam about Brisket Bark.  Basically, I was patiently waiting for an appropriate dining time to stop by Ray's.  They would have been closed at 11:30 PM, and 7 AM would have been to early, so lunchtime on a Friday it was. When lunchtime rolled around, I started thinking about the Elliptical machine I'd be spending some quality time with later that day, and the beef fat sitting in my stomach while working out on the Elliptical later that day.Then I remembered the food truck in the area that offered the healthier option of Tempeh.  I got in my car and headed towards healthy.  Healthy turned out to be super-healthy, but not granola-y and socks with sandals and a fanny pack sort of pseudo/self-righteous healthy.  This was more of a socially conscious, hip (definitely not hipster nor hippie) healthy.  Just a really nice couple in a slowly up and coming part of town, selling great food.Upon further inspection, I noticed that I could get the sandwich as a panini or sans bread, wrapped in a collard green.  I went with the panini as I'd talked myself out of a plate of fatty brisket; I had to soften the compromise just a tad.  Actually, I overheard that the bread was a thin and good, so I was sold.  Double sold.They were out of my first choice, so I went with the Latini as it also sounded a bit more beef-tasting (compromise) and it had avocados.  O.M.G.  It was pretty awesome.  I also got the strawberry banana fruit smoothie, blend rather.  Life turned from 95 degrees, 85% humidity, standing in pools of sweat to gorgeous, crystal blue sky, gentle breezes, and enveloping shade trees.  It was so great (and savory, but not heavy), that when I was headed back to Elgin, passing Project Row Houses, El Dorado Ballroom, and the "No Teacher Left Behind" sign along the way, the notion of BBQ was completely wiped from my brain.  In fact, most things had apparently fled my short term memory.  It was kind of like Momento (hated! that movie), only I was able to recall my first name and that I liked Peach Cobbler.What happened next is a bit embarrassing.  When I got up to Elgin, there was a car in the lane I needed to be in so that I could turn and return to work.  I was forced to go straight up Dowling.  Only when I'd made a U-turn, panini and fruit blend in hand, and noticed I was stopped in front of Not Jus Donuts, taking a bite of my panini, did I come to my senses.  Not wanting to hurt anyone's feelings, I went there as well.It turned into a great Friday food day.  Two great stops all within a mile or so of each other.  Each balancing the other out.I am definitely going to exploring the rest of the Green Seed menu.  Kale chips.  Sandwiches wrapped in Kale.  Sweet Potato Fries.  Tempeh.  Tempeh.  Tempeh.  Beet/Carrot Juice.  Hemp Protein Powder.  BBQ'ed Jack Fruit.One important tip, you can call your order in before you arrive.  Allow roughly fifteen minutes.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,4/4/2012,162,230,6,8,7>Is it time? Is it finally here?? Yes, it sure is... Crawfish Season is back! With all its spicy, buttery, messy, mounds-over-mounds-of-crawfish goodness. Aside from the holidays, I have to say, Crawfish Season is the most wonderful time of the year.* AREA & AMBIANCE: ah yes! Finally. Something on my side of town. Located on Hwy. 6 b/w Westheimer and Briar Forest, LA Fisherman is kinda in the middle of nowhere, but that's actually a good thing: the sign is big and the strip is small, so you definitely can't miss it, and parking won't be a problem. The restaurant is big, it has plenty of tables, a bar, tons of TVs, and even this cute little "shack"-looking seating area. I really like how big and open this place is. When you're eating something as messy as crawfish, you really appreciate the space.* FOOD: LA Fisherman offers a lot on their menu, but during our visit, it was allllll about the crawdaddies. Not only do you get to choose what flavoring you want (they have your basic garlic butter to cajun-style to LA's special "Kablam!" flavoring and more), but also the degree of spiciness you want, so you really get to customize your meal. For a table of 4, we ordered 11lbs of crawfish (Kablam! & garlic butter flavored), cajun fries, and some potatoes on the side. At $6.99/lb and upcharges for extra potatoes and sauces, LA Fisherman's prices were a little on the steep side for me, which is the only reason why I knocked off a star. Aside from the price, however, everything tasted AMAZING. Since Crawfish Season is just starting, the crawfish were a little on the small side, but they were easy to pick apart, the spiciness was just right, and the flavor was spot-on. You also get a 1 corn on the cob for every 2lbs you order. Yum, yum, and yum.* SERVICE: Nothing to complain about. I'm sure the waitress was a little exasperated when taking our order (a lot of "Wait, how many are y'all getting?" and "No, I want that flavor!" and "Hm, what do you guys think?"), but she hung in there pretty well and checked up on us regularly.Overall, this place is great. Once we get a little deeper into the season and the crawfish get bigger, $6.99/lb will totally be worth it. Complete no brainer. Until then though, it's hit or miss. Even if it is a little expensive, the crawfish here taste awesome. Definitely worth a try! Entice your friends and force them to split the tab with you if you have to!
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2011,4/3/2012,64,77,8,9,9>So I've been quiet on Yelp for sometime. But Jonathan's inspired me to sing a little ditty. As most of my review's state, I'm a fan of hole in the wall -- I don't know that The Rub quite fits that description but it is small. Luckily, I met momzers for an early lunch. I splurged on their grilled avocado burger, mom had the fish & chips [and cheesy grits]. The plates arrived and it was all so pretty and decadent. One of those moments, your heart sinks because you know you'll need a 2nd tummy because the doggy bag just wouldn't do it justice but to leave anything that beautiful on your plate would be a crime. After a momentary set back [my burger was quite on the rare side of well but they remedied it], it was every bit as decadent as first impressions gave. The sweet, slow dough bun was perfect - grilled avocado ditto. I'm not a grits girl but I couldn't stop reaching across the table for mom's. She raved about her fish and couldn't stop saying "Oh I'm definitely coming back!" The service was tops. Food fab. Thanks Jonathan's The Rub for taking my day to new happiness levels. [yes, I asked my burger to marry me.]
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,4/2/2012,78,161,1,10,6>There is a lot that can be said about Cedar Creek, so I will do my best to hit the highlights.  Out of all of the "Creek" establishments, this happens to be my favorite.  The area is pretty cool in general - Heights outskirts.  Parking is still not great on a busy evening, but it does seem better than Onion Creek.  Like all of Creek's, it has that outdoor/indoor roadhouse type feel.  However, Cedar surpasses all of its brothers and sisters in amount of outdoor space.  Also, they have several fire pits that they light during the colder months - this is a bonus for sure.Their menu is probably the most expansive of the Creek joints as well.  I will add special acknowledgment for the amount of weekday specials on drinks and food.  They have an excellent industry night (aka Monday) - I believe it is $2.00 wells and some $2.00 food items like frito pies (which are really good), hot dog (that comes with fries), ect.  I have personally always liked their burgers.  Sure, they don't allow you do pick the doneness level, but they are well above average for bar food.  I personally like the Frenchy - Buffalo burger topped with goat cheese, grilled onions and Dijon mustard.  I also like a place that gives you multiple side options - in this case fries, sweet potato fries and side salad (good dark greens - not just iceberg).  They also do it up for weekend brunch - pretty good menu as well.  Catfish and grits on the menu - you know I'm going to order that!All and all, Cedar Creek is a really cool, laid back bar that has a nice menu.  If you have never gone, it is highly encouraged - I don't believe you will be disappointed.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,4/1/2012,117,159,6,12,7>To the man or woman who says that pizza is simply bread, sauce, cheese, and pepperoni's........I challenge you sir, to a DUEL! Because that person has been living life sheltered by limited perspective and a lack of vision. That person has obviously never tried Bombay Pizza Co. The pizza spot that challenges your mind to think outside of the box, way outside the box. It takes what you thought you knew about pizza, completely breaks it apart, then put it back together in a way that will complete blow your mind. You can't talk about a pizza at Bombay Pizza Co. without first talking about the unique crust. The first thing that you note is how thin it is, similar to a wafer. Its thin, very crunchy and has just the right amounf of flavor. Not so much flavor that it takes away from the other flavors of the pizza. I would compare the flavor to that of a traditional Indian Naan bread combined with a traditional pizza dough and it finished off with sesame seeds. This very unique flavor is in my opinion what sets Bombay Pizza apart from other pizza joints. You can get a pizza with different and unique toppings at many pizza shops but you can only find this crust at Bombay Pizza Co.I went to this particular location the day after they opened and to be honest was expecting the quality of the food to be not as good as the original downtown location. I ordered a half Saag Paneer (Indian Spiced Spinach, Collard Greens, and Cubed Paneer covered in Mozzarella, Fontina, and Goat Cheese) and half The Sergio ( Indian Spiced New York Strip Steak, Pico de Gallo, Monterrey Jack on a Refried Bean Spread, Fresh Avocado and Sour Cream). This pizza absolutely blew me away!! First of all, these were two completely different pizza's but were equally amazing. The Saag Paaner is deceivingly spicy. The Indian Spiced Spinach is at first very unassuming but then the spice hits you in a way that is not overwhelming but you definitely know that it is there. But then here comes the Goat Cheese and Fontina to the rescue. These ingredients completely cool your mouth and creates this creamy texture and flavor that are incomparable. Then you add the crunch of the thin crust and you get something that is truly special. The Sergio offered something different yet equally tasty. To start with, the New York Strip alone had steakhouse taste and was cooked to steakhouse perfection. It is tender and flavorful but to be honest couldn't taste as much of the Indian spice. What I also loved was the way that the refried bean was used as a "sauce". It is another way that Bombay does things different. The bean sauce played well with the steak and the rest of the ingredients. Then you add the avocado and sour cream and you get this rich and soft taste that is unlike any other.I gave Bombay Pizza Co. five starts because it simply is something that you dont find anywhere else. And on top of that, it takes this unique idea and then does it consistently and authentically. Bombay Pizza has a very classy atmosphere offering a great selection of beer and wine. It has a great happy hour and it is open late, two things you don't often find in Sugar Land. So I encourage you to go out and give Bombay Pizza a try and lets keep a good thing going. Because this place will only get better!
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,3/31/2012,305,198,7,12,10>For anyone that is curious, Nabi is the Korean word for butterfly. A friend of mine told me that his friend was opening up a new Asian fusion restaurant and they were having a test run before opening day. With the promise of a 50% discount, I headed over to feed 3 of my students. I must say that I'm looking forward to whatever else they concoct in this kitchen.Some of the food we had was brilliant! Some of it was not. None of it was terrible. My table tried a lot of different items off of the small menu. The spicy salmon and tuna rolls are pretty standard as far as taste is concerned and go for $6. One of my students wanted to try the pho. I know that the owner must have a sense of humor because "pho" is actually pronounces "pha". He named the dish "Pho King Noodles". My student order quite innocently and threw our server for a loop when she unintentionally said a dirty word. I explained to our server that it is actually pronounced "pha" and she understood but insisted that in order to keep things clean, she was still going to pronounce it "pho". That student said that the pho was not bad but she has had better, and Nabi doesn't provide the bean sprouts, herbs and lime that most pho restaurants do.Another student got the vegetarian curry (counting her calories). She regretted not getting meat.The third and final student got the second most expensive item on the menu... (thank God we were getting a discount). It was the Korean marinated short ribs. It was really good, but too many aromatics went into the marinade. Maybe too much ginger? Not enough mirin? That student devoured most of it, but the smell of the dish wasn't quite as appetizing as the taste. However, it was fork tender and I get that they were trying to take a traditionally Korean dish and Americanize it. Very good!I got the brisket dumplings. OH MY GOD THE BRISKET DUMPLINGS! Now I love a good Korean fried dumpling. We Koreans like to mix things up and stuff our dumplings with meat, veggies, noodles and kimchi. But dang... brisket dumplings... with a crunchy outside that perfectly contains the juicy, tender shredded brisket on the inside and a sweet soy sauce to compliment the meat very well. I told the friend who gave me the tip off about the soft opening and he went later to try those dumplings. The next time we saw each other, I think we talked about it for a good 10 minutes.Oh... and if you've had the OMG fries over at Oh My Gogi, the kimchi fries here are not as impressive, but my students loved it, being kimchi fry newbies! The kimchi and onions would probably be better if they were fried with the french fry and it is missing an essential element (a spicy tangy fusion mayo or asian dipping sauce... *hint* *wink*).Wrap the pleasant service, brisket dumplings and open kitchen into a package and Nabi earns its 4 stars.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2011,3/30/2012,124,267,9,13,12>OH YAH WE SEIZED THE MOMENT!!!   Actually 2 hours worth of Yummy crave able feasting at our favorite Houston Japanese Buffet. We arrived right at lunch time with a 5-10 minute wait.Sushi section Woohoo - Incredible variety of the latest sushi style rolls seemed to be half the theme with the rest being your traditional rolls.  Quality of everything was super fresh with large size portions of the actual fish.  The sushi chefs make everything to perfection.   Everything was awesome - no complaints for this section. Everything was so beautifully displayed it looked like a spread out of Food and Wine magazine.  The hot food section was pretty decent with awesome hot broccoli and sweet potato tempura.  Best broccoli tempura I've ever had and I'm not a fan of regular broccoli. lolThe large shrimp tempura, stuffed oysters, stuffed mussels and pot stickers I enjoyed very much.I could tell the miso soup was properly made with bonito and dashi because the miso was light yet had the most incredible warm and soothing flavor.  Plus it had a lot of wakame and tofu squares in it.  Highly addictive.  I could eat this everyday. Little tip here - the first batch at prime time noon had more stuff in it then 2 hours later. The Hot food section does have items I'm sure the kiddos would even like as long as they have been exposed to Japanese food.  This food is higher buffet quality-no 2 star buffet food here.Summary 5 star for Houston Japanese buffet.  Four star nationwide rating.Picture this:  One nice creative sushi roll at your local grocers $9.95. At Kirin II $11.95 Unlimited Higher Quality Latest Style Sushi and hot food, soup, fresh shrimp, crab legs and dessert.  Plus they clean up your mess.  No Brainer here :)Only negative was the tempura dipping sauce was somewhat sweet.Dinner $22.95 even more goodies.  COME VERY HUNGRY!!!
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2011,3/29/2012,137,234,26,17,12>I've got this theory about Thai Gourmet; I think it's actually the stage of a very mean spirited game show broadcast back in Thailand, where people order a dish and choose from varying degrees of spice level, but no matter how mild the order, the food is spicier than frenching a dragon, and they video tape peoples hilarious reactions to having their mouths set aflame. I'm sure that show is hysterical. I'd probably watch it. I just wish I wasnt on it. ALL THE TIME. This is probably the best Thai joint in Houston. Everything I've had here has been amazing. The pad thai is stellar, the red curry is mind blowing, pad seuw is sweet like candy, and the panang is what peanut butter wants to be when it grows up and has had a lot of life experiences. You can order food: no spice, mild, medium-mild, medium, and hot. That seems simple... Except medium is hotter than anything you've tasted in your life. I dont care where you are from or what you are used to eating, I dont care if your favorite food is dragon ass with ghost pepper salsa (not on the menu), medium here is nigh intolerable.  If you order something hot it comes with a disclaimer that says you cannot send it back when its too spicy for you to eat, even though you couldnt technically eat because the hot level pad thai melted your teeth and gums, and your tongue is now just a charred husk sticking out of your pathetic melted mouth. These people are sadistic, but I keep eating here. It's like that experiment where every time the mice try to eat the cheese they get electrocuted... the mice eventually learn not to eat the cheese. I have not learned. The food is that good. They've got a phenomenal lunch special, and it's always busy there. Staff is super nice, and they'll make sure you know which spice level you're ordering. I think in most situations, I can handle really spicy stuff. I enjoy that. Here I am the wimpiest wimp that ever wimped. I order medium mild here, and it's still encroaching upon my spice-tolerance threshold.  I've even ordered something mild here, and it was really spicy. The food here is fantastic, but be prepared for the heat!
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2011,3/28/2012,158,402,20,23,15>Not the perfect place to brag to your vegan buddy that only eats soy cheese and gluten free breads.  For you carnivores, this place is top notch.  *clangs knife and fork*Brag to that wheat germ eating, steamed Brussel sprout saving tree hugger about the glorious skewers of steak, chicken and pork that's being paraded about where they slice as much as you can devour.  and the bacon wrapped Filet Mignon? top notch... If that doesn't convert them just yet to at least turn in their greenpeace membership, you can have 'em peruse the buffet area where they can have non flesh options.  but maybe after sniffing a few slabs of ribs they may reconsider at least a bit to try a nibble....then show them the check.... all of this for less than 40 bux a person??  they should roll in their own compost heap for passing up a chance to at least indulge in the foray of .... meat glorious meat.....
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,3/27/2012,153,129,6,6,6>There is a very special place in my heart (and gut) for Crave. It is the cupcake place of all cupcake places in the entire world as far as I am concerned. I'm certain all other cupcakes of our universe envy Crave cupcakes because they will never be as good. Not all cupcakes are created equal.  Yes, it is expensive. No, you will not be disappointed. Crave has a list of flavors for each day of the week. Their ingredients are fresh and their final product proves that. You might have to pay more for Crave, but you will always be happy for what you get in return (minus the calories). My favorite flavor is the strawberry, however I would never turn down a cupcake from this place. When you want a loved one to know that they are special, you don't make them cupcakes. You deliver Crave.It's in an uppity location, but don't let that stop you from going in. The workers are always super friendly and happy to help you decide on flavors. Cupcakes can be pre-ordered and there is always a seasonal flavor or two available.Thank you Crave for satisfying my sweet tooth, bite after bite!
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,3/26/2012,34,165,6,20,13>This review will be in two parts. First off, we drove from Richmond, Tx area. My wife wanted a tattoo for the longest time. She did quite a bit of research and homework on different tattoo parlors around Houston. She decided to check these guys out from a mention on 104 KRBE, she looked up some of the various work from the tattoo artists and quickly liked what she saw. So we took a chance... We talked to Mr. Miike, a very friendly guy. She explained the idea and how she wanted it to look. He immediately was excited to get to working on the tattoo. He told us to give him an hour or so to draw up picture and if need be he would correct it if she was not satisfied with the end result. So we decided to grab something to eat and a hour later we drove back to see what had become.First impressions: the place was nice. Decor was a skull and bones pirate theme. The staff was very helpful and friendly. They made us feel comfortable and relaxed. My wife was a little nervous but they made it seem like it was not going to hurt. So that made my wife feel a little better as she knew it was going to hurt.... A lot! She has one other tattoo but nothing like what she is about to get. Second part: after dinner they said they were ready for her, the actually area where the tattooing is done was nice and clean. Brightly lit area with a tv and a overhead speaker system cranking out the jams! Mr. Miike had everything sterile and ready to go. He liked to joke around which made us feel relaxed, but when things got down to business he was in a state of concentration that nothing would distract him. Occasionally he would tell and joke or two and we knew he didn't fall asleep or anything. So after 2 1/2 hours or so, he had finished. My wife never wanted to look and him whiling he was tattooing finally got to see. She was in tears, her tattoo looks great. Mr. Miike did a great job on a original idea that he had never done before. I think anybody considering a tattoo should check out Black Pearl Tattoo. It beats driving into town for some over priced tattoo on westheimer.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2011,3/25/2012,274,156,8,8,8>Bring home the only Souvenir in Galveston worth keeping -- In Your Belly! Every other shop on the Strand seems like a huge Tourist Trap with crap made in the Third World. La King's Confectionery makes most of their tasty treats right in their shop. Fashioned like a retro soda fountain, go right and get your candy by the pound; go left and get coffee, sundaes & shakes, and a vast assortment of well-made ice cream. Three bucks for a hefty scoop of ice cream on a cone ain't bad for Galveston. Plenty of tourists and you keep this place crowded and busy, but the lines move fast. Hey, it's definitely a tourist trap, but your Belly and your Wallet will feel just fine when you leave. My Tip: Keep your kids busy with a bag of Jawbreakers (why is it so quiet all of a sudden?).
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2011,3/24/2012,21,130,5,11,7>I recently dined at Da Marco when faced with the task of choosing a nice restaurant to celebrate 2 very happy occasions AND impress an out of town guest. I was somewhat daunted by this challenge given Houstons immense choice of fine dining establishments and most especially because I had 10 minutes to make this decision...crap. Thank God for Yelp...this dining decision was based 100% on Yelp reviews.Rolling up in the parking lot filled with ferraris, porsches, and other exotic vehicles was hilarious to me. I drive a Mazda 3...I told the valet to keep it close upon exiting. Entering the restaurant, I immediately realized that I was not wearing my ballgown and was slightly worried that my attire (a cute sundress!) may be less than appropriate. "Name?" the hostess quizzed.Disaster and panic loomed in my heart (damn it this wouldn't be a problem if I had driven my Mercedes Mclaren and wore a ballgown!!). Uhhhhh, I need reservations? Luckily there was a table available and we were escorted back.The restaurant is beautiful but not over the top and the service was fantastic. As I perused my dining options I had to have my slightly older and more worldly friend translate the entire menu for me. For an appetizer we had artichoke hearts and cantaloupe with some sort of cured bacon over it. The artichoke hearts were really good...the other dish (I know it has an actual name I'm forgetting) was ummmm not my cup of tea. The other members of our party enjoyed it but I however did not.For the main course we each ordered something different so everyone could sample and share. Wild boar, lamb chops, lobster ravioli and what a feast it was. The portions are not huge but they are very filling and cooked to perfection. These foods were definitely out of my comfort zone (who really ever eats wild boar??) but I really can't explain how good each individual dish was. We decided to finish up the meal with 3 different desserts which were all just ok to me. Nothing really too spectacular...I kind of got the impression that the dessert menu was more an afterthought. Definitely not Da Marcos specialty. Overall I was pretty impressed with my impromptu choice. There are a couple of things the "virgin" Da Marco patron might want to be aware of....-Dress to impress. DO NOT wear shorts or a tee-shirt. Take it a step beyond your Sunday best.-Call ahead for a reservation. Don't risk embarrassment like me!-Realize that this is the real deal when it comes to Italian. -Expect to spend about $75-$100 pp (including a bottle of wine) and you will have a fantastic meal.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,3/23/2012,43,46,11,8,8>Three letters: BLT. Bacon, lettuce, tomato, and dammit, I'm convinced there's some magic in there. It's so simple...how could you POSSIBLY make it that much better? Much less $9-better? It's like finding an $8 peanut butter and jelly sandwich...anyone would be a little skeptical. I'll admit I had a bit of a Pulp Fiction moment when I saw the $9 on the board...just as Vincent Vega questioned the $5 milkshake, I questioned the nearly-$10 BLT. And oh, how Revival proved me wrong.That bacon is UH-MAZING. Bacon is already a sacred perfect form to me already, even the cheap-o kind that you get at Kroger. This must've been cut from some piggie dropped down from heaven by the pork gods, who decided "You know what, humans? you guys have been pretty cool, so we're going to bless you with the BEST BACON OF YOUR LIFE, cuz we're awesome god-piggies like that." And oh, did they bless us. Fatty, perfectly crisp edges, smokey and flavorful...this was everything bacon should be and more. Pair it together with fresh slices of tomato, and leafy arugula, and you've got yourself the best BLT I've ever had.I also had the Revival Dog, which was an awesomely flavorful mangalitsa sausage, with whole-grain mustard smothered onto it, topped with chicharrons, all nestled into a gorgeous pretzel bun. Absolutely delicious, with the sausage being perfectly spiced and the whole grain mustard adding an extra punch. I'll admit I still prefer Good Dog Hot Dogs for my hot dog fix, but I'll be damned if this wasn't one freakin' good dog.But that BLT still wins out in more ways than one. Their BLT is more than just a freakin' awesome sandwich. At the risk of sounding cheezy, I'm going to say that BLT is a brilliant example of everything that Revival Market stands for. The BLT is such a beautifully simple demonstration of exactly what Revival Market's mission is: to show that things are better when they're fresh and local. Just when I thought a BLT is a BLT everywhere I go (even the fancier, overpriced "gourmet" ones), Revival Market shows us how just 3 locally sourced ingredients sandwiched between two slices of fresh bread can elevate the taste and quality to a whole new level. No fancy sauces to mask the inherent flavors, no gimmicky garnishes to make it look prettier. Just pure, fresh ingredients left alone to allow the flavors to speak for themselves, all put together with care. That's a mission that I can definitely stand by. :)
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,3/22/2012,57,118,2,10,9>What a wonderful experience!!!!!!!! I just got my first facial here and I will be back. The hour long facial comes with a complete back massage and a foot massage as well... how can you top that?Okay, I'll start from the beginning. Dharma is in a small duplex apartment complex which weirded me out a bit when I first arrived, but once I actually walked in, it was cute and cozy. Lindsay, the woman in charge, is beyond nice. She greeted me warmly and we got right down to business... no form filling out, no waiting room etc etc. All the products she used smelled amazing. She sends you an email with what she's used afterwards, so if you're interested in purchasing you can do that later, there's no awkward upsell at the register as you're blissed out and on the way out. She was apologetic about extractions, but I said I'm a "no pain, no gain" kind of girl, still seemed like she was doing her best to be gentle. After that part, came the massage, and man oh man, I'm not a huge massage person but that was phenomenal. I definitely felt a few kinks come out of my back and feel a lot looser afterwards. She also does a complete foot to knee massage too... which I wish I'd known or remembered from the online descriptions because I would have shaved my legs (sorry Lindsay!). And after that, all I kind of remember thinking is "oh, I hope this doesn't end soon, I hope I'm not done yet." This was definitely worth it! My skin feels glowy and soft, I smell awesome and I feel relaxed. She gave me the 20% off discount for a first time visit and for finding it on Yelp. Take your business to Dharma Skin Spa, I promise you won't regret it.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2011,3/21/2012,41,34,22,21,20>My uncle is one of the most amazing individuals I know. He is a man's man, a real blue collar, calloused hand type of guy. He has always been someone I can count on. So Sunday morning I decided to take him to breakfast as a token of my appreciation.So when he informed that  he knew a great place for chicken and waffles I cringed because I thought we were going to be in line forever at the Breakfast Klub. But hey, standing in line for the man who taught me how to ride a bike is nothing! I pick him up and we arrive at... yes, Timmy Chan. I looked at him with one eyebrow in the air and he said, "Trust me, nephew."You have to understand, the last time I was inside a Timmy Chan establishment I think I was in school and in my hand was exactly $2.38, the exact price for a wing dinner w/ gravy. As a matter of fact, I don't think I've ever walked into Timmy Chan's with anything more than a $5 bill.  (I don't think I would.) This place is what I once called, "economically necessary." In other words, if you're down to last your five and you need to eat... this is the place to do it. Ignore the guy in the corner selling the felt painting of Tupac, Biggie, and Jesus. Ignore the lady outside begging for a dollar. Ignore the guy in the parking lot trying to sell you his CD for a "small donation" and ignore the fact that your wing dinner may be prepared in violation of several health codes. Of course, that was over 15 years ago.Timmy Chan still isn't the bastion of hope for American breakfast but the wings and waffles were pretty damn good. The wings are always seasoned well and not over fried. The Belgian waffle was fluffy and crispy (the ways I like them.) The place was clean but not fancy. If they took the time to serve warm syrup or better coffee I could probably see rating them 4.5 stars. However, then it wouldn't be Timmy Chan. This place is cheap, quick, and delicious. Not a place to impress someone but if you have that special person in your life who's not into all that "fancy stuff" go buy them some chicken and waffles at Timmy Chan!!
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,3/20/2012,91,115,6,11,8>I used to make fun of the wife at every opportunity about how she freaked out in New Orleans when we saw Hoda Kotb from the Today show walking in the quarter. She basically chased her into Razzoo's to get a better look and confirm it was her. She talked about it all day. Now she makes fun of me because while we were dining at "REEF", I was coming back from the rest room and the man Bryan Caswell was exiting a back room and walking back toward the kitchen. I basically accosted him and thanked him for a wonderful meal. I got a big hearty "thanks" and he walked back into the kitchen. Made my night. Why don't they make baseball cards for chef's?? p.s. He was wearing an old school orange Astro's lid.The Food:They start you off with soft warm rolls and a jalapeno jelly. (10)We had a dozen of the cleanest / best oysters we have ever had. And we grub oysters at every opportunity.Our entrees included the salmon, the shrimp, the trigger fish, and a seafood hot pot. The seafood hot pot stole the show. Giant scallops, shrimp, a nice clear broth, and a boat load of fish. This was one of the top ten meals I personally have ever had. We were about half way through the entree when the couple we were with ordered a side of fried mac-n-cheese. WTYum!! It's a rubix cube shaped mass of pasta and cheese deep fried. Enough said.The Wine:I posted a pic of the wine room. We sat just outside of it and it is very impressive. It is a little overwhelming to go through the list but our server was excellent and made two great suggestions. The Room:I have read some of the negative reviews about the decor and I don't get it. The place is cool. The wavy wall is awesome.Dessert:No chance.......Next time.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2011,3/19/2012,83,145,5,6,10>Coffee shops, they're my little excuse to get out of my house. I was apprehensive about going here because I thought maybe the baristas would be like rude or snobby, but no, totally the opposite. I brought my little baby girl and one of the baristas said that she loved babies.  How sweet for me. She couldn't have been nicer. Then I saw it on the counter...Pistachio cupcake, where have you been all my life?!! Oh my, it was like heaven in my mouth. I also tried the cajeta coffee drink hot (I can't remember the exact name). It was different, the goat milk was a bit strong for my taste. I had been dying to go back to try the Antidote. When I did, I tried it on ice and it was fan-freakin'-tastic. Really excellent coffee. I got a mozzarella sandwich that was lovely and simple, but not bland. Definitely looking forward to coming back here again.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2011,3/18/2012,229,569,6,8,9>Holy Cholesterol this place is good! I had the Portuguesa: PizzaSauce, Cheese, Ham, Boiled Eggs, Peas, Onions, Black Olives, Oregano. Yeah--hard-boiled eggs! Bring it!And. .. Brazilian pizza? Score! If you like funny sodas, try the Brazilian one in the cooler. Tis good! I was with my friend Jesse and he made the other half of the pizza something lame with Pepperoni and Sausage. . . but man--that was really good too. I'm impressed with the crust here. It's remarkably perfect for Houston standards. I really like Pink's crust and haven't had it in a while, so I'm curious to compare. Yes, ladies n gents--I confess--I'm a pizza geek! I can't wait to come back and tear through the rest of this menu.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2011,3/17/2012,203,512,5,6,9>What an amazing movie experience!When trying to purchase the tickets, we were shown a touch screen with available theater seating, and then we were able to choose where to sit. I thought that was really cool, I didn't have to worry about ending up in the neck craning front seats.Another perk - a real bar. We got a bottle of wine and some nice stemless glasses. The theaters had more than just the simple arm rest that fold up, instead it was a little table in between the seats for room to put my drinks and food. Not all of the seats, don't worry, there is still cuddle room! It's just every couple of seats. We went to see the movie during the middle of the week at 4:45 - we were literally the only people in the theater. It was so much fun. We were talking and laughing and drinking, it felt like we owned the place. Next time I want to see a movie, and drink, instead of driving all the way out to some of the other places, I'll be going here.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2011,3/16/2012,364,610,6,15,10>So, we didn't start out going to Bubba's today.  No, we were going to go to that venerable burger joint in Seabrook, you know the one.  But because of several crazy SNAFUs, we ended up wandering around and decided, since we were pointed at San Leon and since we had seen their big ole billboard over by the boardwalk, we'd give Bubba's a try.We navigated there by way of the many little roadside signs they have put up.  Bubba's wants you to know where they are.  And that's a good thing, since they're out at Land's End, almost.  They are waaaaay out there on the San Leon Peninsula.  Anyway, the're hard to miss since they have a great big honkin' sign on Bay Shore Drive and then the building, which is visible from the road is bright honkin' pink.Parking seems ample, and they even have space for motorcycles and golf carts that is right by the door.Walking in, you get the feeling that this place is meant to be swining.  It is built in the motif of an ice house, with the big overhead doors that can open out to their very large patio.  All of this faces into the bay.  You can sit and watch the ships and boats go by.  The major shipping lane is just a mile straight out.  Container ships galore to oogle.  Threre is even a dock for those boaters who want to come on in and grab a beer and some seafood.  There is a large bar to sit at, if you want to imbibe. They seem to have a pretty good selection of beer.  They also serve mixed drinks and wine.  The are currently running an all you can drink beer special for $9.99.  As this is part of their grand opening, I'm not sure how long that will last.Speaking of all you can eat specials, they're also running one on shrimp.  It includes boile shimp as well as fried.  The price is $9.99 for that too.  Not bad at all.  Again, I doubt this will last.  My hub got the shrimp.  They looked good and he said they were too.  According to the menu and staff, these shrimp are purchased locally, so they came from the coastal waters that you are looking at.  The shrimp special came with fries.  They were cut there at the restaurant.  No baggie fries for these folks.  We also got onion rings.  These too were sliced, battered, and fried right there at Bubba's.  Seems like they have a home-made ethic.  Also delicious are their jalapenos stuffed with chopped sirloin.  NUM.  And their gumbo was pretty good too.  I very much liked the broth.  The rice that came with it seemd a little "Uncle Ben's" which was somewhat disappointing.  It's not too hard to buy a rice steamer, now is it?  Oh well, a minor point really.  The rest of the menu is pretty small, but has what you would expect with oysters (fried, blackened, or grilled), whole flounder, burger, steak, etc.Service was friendly and prompt.  Everyone seemed ready to take care of the customers.  One other thing that made my hub and I happy were the array of condiments.  We are big Tabasco lovers.  Bubba's puts out regular Tabasco (the all purpose ingredient) as well as Jalapeno and Chipotle flavors.  Mix the chipotle in with your ketchup and have some nice zesty chipotle ketchup.  That's good on the onion rings.Sooooo, my advice is if you want to try a place that has real potential for party fun, get yourself down to San Leon and try Bubba's Shrimp Palace.  Bring a designated driver, sit down for some cold beer and delicious shrimp and stay a spell.  You will be happy you did.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,3/15/2012,607,68,5,13,10>Jackie's Brickhouse was suggested to me by a fellow Yelper, and I am glad I made the drive from Spring!!!Our entire party, some of which are regulars, had a blast!!! It was definitely a packed house. Our waiter, David, did a great job of checking on us regularly. The band was fantastic & so was the DJ when the band was on break. I really enjoyed the atmosphere & the other patrons were very friendly. Just as I was told, it was definitely a great group of people!!! I have to admit, there were a couple down sides to Jackie's Brickhouse, which is why I gave it 4 stars rather than 5. It was SUPER HOT!!!! Our waiter David, did explain that they were having problems with the AC. Also, I'm usually a little more than tipsy after 2 beers & 3 shots of Patron back to back. My guess, & other people's guesses was that bc we were sweating so bad, especially me, that all the liquor was going down my throat & out of my pores!!! Ha Ha!! That's probably best since I had such a long drive home. Last thing, I know when there are large parties they add the tip themselves, which is fine. But out of 8 people, there were 7 separate tabs. I'm glad I noticed that each ticket already had a tip on it, bc my cousin & her husband's tab would've had a $60 tip on a little over a $100 tab. So if you plan on going to Jackie's, be sure to look over your ticket. The smallest tab of the group was $24 & there was a $3.68 (may be a few pennies off) tip added. Over all, our waiter David, kept us laughing with his constant jokes!!! Loved it!!! I am thinking it was an off night due to the AC, but I will definitely be going back in the future!!!!
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,3/14/2012,73,202,6,14,11>I've been to Piola four times over the last 2 months if that says anything about how much I like this place. It has an airy, friendly vibe and extremely colorful decor as my photos show. However, the main reason I keep coming back is the food. Piola's "Miami Beach Pizza" (topped with mozzarella, cherry tomatoes and arugula) is the star attraction for my husband and me. All of their pizzas are handmade and cooked in a wood fired oven. There is not the slightest bit of oiliness or grease on the bottom of the pizza which makes for a crispy, papery crust that I happen to like. I also love their pastas. My current favorite is Piola's Meat Stuffed Ravioli which is slathered in an alfredo-type sauce that is seriously delicious and worth every single calorie. We ended up speaking with one of the owners, Michel, during a recent dinner and he said that their ravioli sheets are handmade by a local Italian lady.  Given the perfect taste and texture, I am not surprised.I'm also partial to Piola's gnocchi in cheese sauce as well as their hot polenta appetizer which is served in a ramekin with 2 circles of polenta sandwiching a layer of mouthwateringly good homemade bolognese sauce.As if this wasn't plenty of food, we've also tried their tiramisu and hot fudge brownie with ice cream. I'm not a huge tiramisu fan but Piola's was pretty tasty. However, I can unequivocally say that Piola's hot fudge brownie dish was excellent in every way. It was interestingly served in a fortune cookie shell and drizzled with a semi-sweet chocolate sauce.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,3/13/2012,35,170,4,16,9>I'm updating (and upgrading) because I'm officially hooked to so many of the offerings here. Love the rainbow carrots and vibrant beets from Animal farm (and the 'shrooms).  We've gotten good meat from both Harrison Hog Farms and Olde World Farms, and the slab of bacon you get at Grateful Bread might definitely be the best--and their sausages and  condiments (worcestershire, sriracha and hoisin) are worth every penny!Okay so between the two reviews I've pretty much raved about every single place that's here offering fresh food, but really it is that good.  Finally, if you've got a hankering for dessert these are my two must buys:1: A to-die for cinnamon roll from SINFULL bakery--especially the ones with Pecans. It'll cost you about 6 bucks, but it weighs over a pound.  Bet your friends about whether it's vegan or not and you'll quickly get your money back (hint: it's 100% vegan).2: Another snack you can win a bet about.  This one's for those gluten-free eaters out there.  The Copper Hearth Bakery is a gluten-free operation--and that brings with it a connotation of bland-tasting food.  However, their specialty brownies are anything but.  The mix will run you $7 (and you'll need to add eggs and butter), but it's completely worth it.  And again, remember that your friends=marks, a quick way to get your money back plus some to buy more mix!!!UPDATED with a few changes...no longer hitting up a certain meat vendor...and take note that copper hearth won't be appearing soon (if they are still there at all).  The two brothers who were the main force have gone in new directions.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,3/12/2012,299,191,6,11,5>i feel FABULOUS! i was so nervous when i showed up at cut loose because i left my hairstylist of three years to try out Jon Chao on the recommendation of my friend. he made me feel at ease and definitely made sure my concerns were met like my faded highlights and i wanted more texture to my hair. I got my hair highlighted, because I felt some strands were more important than others.he cuts hair dry, which was interesting and makes sense the way he explained it. the salon was hipster cool and clean. he also colored my hair and it turned out pretty amazing. it was a rich red wine color, which is totally different from my brown and caramel highlights. he said i would do well with the fellas living in japan since i looked like a china doll with me new edgy hairdo. Excellent.sigh....i love happy endings (and yes...i mean it in the most dirtiest way)! OH...and its right across from Agora's! Grab yourself a cup of joe after.fair warning: Jon Chao charges at $70 for his haircut. In the words of Martin Luther King, "The hair is the richest ornament of women". Oh, and I get plenty of compliments on my hair. Thanks JChao.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2011,3/11/2012,231,233,10,7,9>Nidda, how I have wronged you. You are the only place I frequent more than once a month for dinner, and I still haven't told everyone or made our relationship official. Don't worry, I'll introduce you to my parents soon. Elegantly, Nidda Thai holds its own next to the likes of Erotic Cabaret and Slick Willie's on a strip of Westheimer crowded with tattoo parlors. The decor is tasteful, right down to the feng shui of the furniture and up to the ceiling fans. I recently took a friend, and we decided it'd be a great place for a first date- not too pretentious or over-priced, but nice enough to not be cheap or underwhelming. Plus, the food is delicious. I always get the sweetest waiter. He is pleasant, responsive, and absent when you want him to be, but appears again when you start missing him. I always order the Pad See-ew, and the present company usually has food envy. ... and yet another plus, after a nice dinner, if you so please, Erotic Cabaret is available for after dinner activity planning and equipping. Ahem. Nidda, as you can see, I promise there are many ways I can make it up to you...
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,3/10/2012,419,749,15,17,11>The Guild Shop is #2 on my list of bookmarks--as in, it is the second oldest bookmark on my list, added practically as soon as I joined Yelp.  The accompanying note says "Definite yes on decorating the new place!!!"  The new place is now the old place, as in I am not there anymore, but I finally made it over to the Guild Shop anyway.My friend had been trolling the Guild Shop for a wedding gift for our friend, and sent over a picture of some adorable vintage juice glasses.  Although I didn't get over there in time to snap them up, I decided a visit was in my future.  I have a china cabinet that is always in need of knick-a-knacks, bric-a-brac and curios, as well as a penchant for collecting dishware, so I rolled over to the Guild Shop as part of a lazy Saturday.What I learned: Saturdays are intense.  Next time I roll over, it's going to be in my 1950's Housewife persona on a day off.  I had to park deep in the neighborhood, but that's what I have two feet for.  The competition for "looking-at" space is fierce.  You may have to reach over another shopper or wait patiently to grab that sweet green Pyrex mixing bowl.  You will have to hold your nose as you enter the room with the strong urine smell--or when an unshowered woman reaches over you after you've been taking too long deciding on which set of cordial glasses you'd like.  Ew.The pricing structure is tiered, so take a really good look at the tag.  After a certain date, the price drops, and there are three dates until the final reduction.  Do you leave the piece, willing to take a chance?  Or do you snap it up now?  I'm currently playing chicken with a cute little glass cabinet that's begging to be sanded and painted, and I'm hoping it's there on my lunch break tomorrow (it drops down to $18 after today).The volunteers keep this place running like a well-oiled machine.  It isn't the cheapest place in the world, but a lot of the dreck has been pre-filtered for you so you don't have to sift endlessly through the nasty, pointless crap you usually encounter in thrift stores.I made out with a six-piece crystal tea set, a Lenox bud vase and a red pressed-glass toothpick holder, all for $30 (thanks, 20/20 vision, for picking out the cheapies).  And despite all the minuses, I can't wait to go back and see what I find next time!
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,3/9/2012,210,276,4,8,7>Ok so in December this is my go to place for Tamales. Once again I stopped in this week and loaded up for myself as well as for gifts to friends. You have several choices here. Hand made are 12.95 a dozen and come in pork. If you want something like Spinach and cheese you have to call in advance. I have not tried these but plan to. You can also go with the machine made for a lot cheaper and these come in Beef, Pork, hot pork, and chicken. I like all of them really. The hand made ones are huge and have a good meet to masa ratio. A giant Tamale that is all masa is not going to cut int in my book and Alamo does not do that. six hand made tamales is the size of your usual dozen at most places. Great flavor and really it is like getting 2 dozen as far as number of people it feeds. I get the machine made ones for when I am making a mexican meal that includes other dishes as well. Not near as big but a lot cheaper especially if you buy 5 or more dozen since you get a discount. Of course add a pint of their great queso and a pint of their chili to top them off. The red and green salsa are also very good. Now for the topper. You can actually get some meals here as well. Not a wide variety but still very good. Tamale pie(2 tamales with chili and queso) or my favorite the burrito plate. It is a shredded beef burrito smothered in a ton of queso and chili that comes with passable refried beans and mexican rice. For 6 bucks it is more than I can eat. See my photo. It comes in a Styrofoam box but this is more of a takeout place. They have a bar you can sit at to eat though. The staff is really friendly and helpful. They have a punch card where after you buy so many dozen they give you a free dozen(even of the hand made ones.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2011,3/8/2012,152,164,8,12,9>A friend told me about this place a few months ago and when it came time for my Summer staycation, I decided this would be one of the places to check out on a day trip to G-town. I was advised by said friend to show up sometime between 11:00am-12:00pm and have one drink in the pool before it got busy. I ended up having more than one drink, staying for a few hours, and chatting up with a few regulars. I really didn't expect to have such a good time. They serve food, we didn't try any. It looked like mostly nachos and burgers. We were all about the frozen drinks. First I had a nice strong hurricane. When that drink was about done, I started noticing everyone holding this bright green frozen beverage. The bartender said it was called "Swampwater" and it was the most popular drink they had. I don't know what it was exactly, but it tasted a bit like sour apple and gave me a serious case of the sillies. I started enjoying myself even more. There are plenty of bar stools and tables surrounding the pool so you can take a break and enjoy your food or a drink. They even have tables directly facing the ocean, or you can just enjoy that view right from the pool. They also have an indoor bar and seating area if you're not about getting into the pool. The music mix playing that day was straight up comical (from James Brown to Bob Marley to Tobey Keith) but the Swampwater didn't have this music snob caring that much. Also, I may or may not have engaged in a singalong of Journey's "Don't Stop Believing" with a pool full of rednecks. Hey, when in Galveston, do as the locals do, right? I hear at night they have a regular DJ playing house music.I had ridic fun. I am already planning on taking a friend visiting from NYC (for the lulz!).
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,3/7/2012,305,161,15,28,23>The very epitome of auspicious beginnings, Triniti has landed on the Houston dining scene with a practiced flourish and seamless grace.  As I wrapped up my meal last night, I turned to my dining companion and steeled myself for what I was about to say.  "I don't see how right now, tonight, this is not one of the top five restaurants in the city."  Expecting a curious glance, or at least a doubtful and hesitant "I guess", I was redeemed with heartfelt agreement.Hildebrand and crew have resurrected a perennial dining and nightlife graveyard on Shepherd and turned it instantly into one of the most confident and creative dining destinations in the city.  The menu delivers on promises rarely seen here and does so in a manner that allows quality ingredients prepared in a creative and masterful fashion to stand on their own without being overwrought and confused.  The space is clean and airy; the staff is literally a who's who of the Houston fine dining scene; Triniti's a legit contender and it's not a happy accident.  The chefs have had a few practice runs at previous spotlight dinners, and have been hard at work for weeks refining the menu and service.  To have an experience honestly deserving of accolades on the second night of service is a real testament to that preparation and hard work.Typically this is where I launch into lurid descriptions of the dishes and techniques, or wax at length about the personal histories of the chefs. Yet it seems inappropriate somehow to dwell on the details of the parts when the whole is worthy of note on its own collective merit.  I will dispense with two specific recommendations though: 1. Appetizer - the veal broth with foie gras dumpling and wagyu is something that I want my casket filled to the brim with. 2. Entree - the sirloin (also wagyu) was one of the only times I've ordered steak anywhere but a high end steakhouse and was highly impressed.  There wasn't a miss with the six dishes I tried, not even a stumble.  Even better, there were at least five other dishes that I can not wait to dive into with reckless avarice.The only caveat is that the bar is still getting it's feet under it because the alcohol was literally delivered the day prior.  That being said, I actually enjoyed two of their signature cocktails (something I never do) and was treated to a fantastic wine recommendation for my entree that I was certain would not suffice.  It's great to be wrong sometimes apparently.  In summation: Go. Now. Actually go 12/24/11 when they open.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/17/2011,3/6/2012,30,174,6,6,9>I take my two dogs here almost everyday about 30 to 45 minutes for doggie business and have some fresh air. I don't let my dogs run around without a leash on simply because I don't want to be reliable for anything that can happen.This place is awesome and is (often time) clean therefore it's great to take my son. He walks the little Shih Tzu, Gizmo and I walk the pitbull, Tank. I am a little nervous when there's other dogs around. I don't want my doggies acting out so I try to take them during the afternoon time when others are at work and I try not to take them here on the weekends when it's usually full of little furry cuties. Take your doggies here and here's a something to remember "ALWAYS clean up after your dog/s business". Other people, including myself, do not want to step on any doggie's poo. =)
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,3/5/2012,65,139,9,11,12>Friggin good Philly cheesesteaks, easily the best that I have had in Houston, hands down. The components that really take these cheesesteaks to the next level is the dense filling that is full of meat and cheese (they def do not skimp), and the delicious bread- oh man, crispy, but soft, it holds up well to the heavy filling without getting soggy. Both times that I have been, I have ordered my cheesesteak "wit wiz", which is what I personally recommend. Can you please tell me why processed cheese so delicious?? Nom nom. The cheesesteak is large enough to fill you up by itself, but if you are craving some sides I would go with the cheese fries or fries with gravy. The fried mushrooms were meh. The only downside is that you'll definitely feel fatty the next day. Real fatty.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2011,3/4/2012,248,152,3,7,5>Third visit here, this time for lunch...wow!  thanks Boss!!!!!!! Tony's is really 5-star worthy, for many reasons: service, atmosphere, ambiance, food, and attention to detail. It's an "Old School" place that has been wonderfully current with the food trends, while creating amazing dishes and dining experiences. Blame it on the truffles....My first time here was a couple of years ago, because a friend of mine wanted to try their white truffles, so four of us came here for dinner with "truffles" on the brain. We shared the risotto with white truffle and angel hair pasta with white truffles as our appetizer, split 4 ways. Okay, I'll be honest. I don't really know if the White Truffles blew me away as much as everything else did, but certainly were tasty. I actually love truffle oil anyways, so this was fine. Not sure if they were $230 a serving fine, but ok whatever.What I REALLY enjoyed was the truffle presentation: a man in the tuxedo and white gloves carried out this silver tray with a "treasure chest" that actually carried the white truffles in them.. The Truffle Show was a total side bonus and entertained the heck out of me... especially after a glass of bubbly. They watched us as we took our first bites, and I seriously believe that NOBODY would dare gripe in that situation because honestly, it was intense! thankfully things got only better after the truffle course... The salads were all very good, for salad. Best of all were my entree and dessert:Lamb Shank braised in Port, and then the Grand Marniere Souffle. Talk about sad when I found they don't have the lamb shank on the menu! that was one of the best lamb shanks I had ever tasted. The last dinner I had there I went for the roast duckling... amazing. Duck prepared perfectly is a thing of beauty. Enough said. Today at lunch was another delicious and delightful experience. I opted for something "lighter" and their  Steak Salad. I was creally craving some meat, and this was the perfect fix: perfectly grilled and tender steak, bibb lettuce, which I love, and gorgonzola... The only complaint is that I couldn't have souffle because there was just not time. Otherwise, it would have been a perfect meal.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2012,3/3/2012,42,383,18,27,22>Cool! That is the word that came to my mind when I walked in this store. Just plain cool! This store is any and all Japanese. From phone accessories, to school supplies, kitchen and bath, cosmetics, you name it and it's there. If you like Japanese gadgets (and I do)  then you'll love this place! I was excited and happy to be roaming the store seeing all the cute and clever knickknacks. When it comes to interesting, unique and functional gadgets, Japan has that market hands down. If you are an anime or Pokemon fan (yay!) then you'll like this store for that alone. Hello Kitty? Got it. It's not just ordinary Hello Kitty, either. It's the Japanese Hello Kitty. Last but not least, there's Japanese snack foods: cool gummy candies, Pocky and fruity candies. This store is in a parking garage so there's covered parking which is a plus. I thoroughly enjoyed this store and I recommend it to any Japanese fan or anyone for that matter.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,3/2/2012,160,218,12,8,8>Tons of lamps and lots of space. Pretty cool inside if you are really into lamps. Relatively cheap drinks. Only problem is that the bar tender had an attitude. Could have been the fact that I told her the whiskey diet coke that she served me tasted like poo with a vanilla flavor, but either way, she should have a sense of humor because I said it jokingly. She also didnt change the drink, she said, "you order a well, and thats what you are going to get" and just turned around and walked away. Either way, Im going to blame myself for that awkward interaction because sometimes my sense of humor is too much for some people. Much like the Terminator.... "I'll be back"
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,3/1/2012,242,106,4,11,11>I went here for the second time today after discovering it last week and it's my new favorite coffee shop ever! It's in this adorable little Montrose house full of lots of quirky, comfy decoration, couches, a boutique section full of clothes and crafts, lotions, jewelry, etc. They have the most beautiful patio and it's nice and quiet since it's tucked away behind Montrose, there's plenty of seating, a cool swingy bench, plenty of outlets even outside, and free wifi, not to mention if you forgot your own computer, you can borrow an IPad! Actually you might just want to do this anyways if you're like me and my group of friends and just want to play with a fancy gadget. The rooms inside are also quiet and comfortable, plenty of seating, couches, a bar, tables, and board games to play (next time I'm not there to work I'm grabbing the Cranium!)The coffee is great and they'll totally cater to what you want. They have all the classic espresso bar options, machiatto, cappucino, latte, freshly made drip coffee with interesting flavors like gingerman and a Spice...something that I tried today, iced and with almond milk.  They offer regular milk, almond AND soy! There's also a smoothie bar and pastries and cupcakes. My only complaints with the flavored coffees are that they are WAY sweet, and the drip coffee, you'll have to request extra strong, so if you're a hardcore black triple espresso drinker like me, you might want to ask her to take it easy on the sugar and add some extra shots. Today after struggling to get through about half of my ultra tall glass of syrup-y spiced latte, I decided it was worth asking her to dilute it with some more coffee since it's bottomless anyways. Not only was she super sweet about it, she helped out by adding an extra shot, extra coffee and extra milk at no cost. The owner's are a mother daughter duo and are both SOOO nice, i've mostly talked to Katie, the daughter, who's really cool. I can't wait to bring my mom here because I think it's so great to find another mom/ daughter business duo. I think I'll make both of them go on a break and have coffee with us :)
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,2/29/2012,30,171,7,11,8>Please don't go to this place.  It's already perfect.  It's not glitzy and you're unlikely to "score," here.  It's just a down-tempo wine bar with a quiet clientele.Well, it's not JUST that.  My favorite time to visit 13C is on the weekends, early in the evening, an hour before sunset.  Watching the falling evening light color and mutate the patched and stained plaster walls... well, it's soothing.  I sit and drink astoundingly good espresso.  It's unfathomable that they have such high quality coffee... since I've never seen another person order it.  However, it's wonderful (I am such an addict that I hardware-hacked my espresso machine with a microcontroller for better thermal regulation -- that means, "no, really, the coffee is damned good").At the far end of the white marble bar top is a small deli case.  It's filled with European-style meats and cheeses.  Their "nibbles" are top-notch.  The frat boys don't "get it," I guess, and that makes me happy.  Their foodstuffs are another surprise.  How do they find this stuff?!?  Everything they serve is gorgeous.Perhaps you don't like wine.  It's a pity if you don't... for they have a very knowledgeable staff and great selection of wines from under $10/glass to... um... yeah, more expensive.  They do have, however, some really nice wines by the glass (unlike other bars, you CAN get a high-quality wine by the glass).  They are not stingy with the pour.  But, you don't like wine... and you are far from out-of-luck.  They have some GREAT beer.  This is where I discovered (like Columbus "discovering" America) Hennepin.  I likes me some Belgian Ales.  They also have several of the Unibroue offerings (e.g., Ephemere)... and a variety of other quality brews.  Like the wines, the beers are priced fairly.  They do not gouge you.  $6-$20 for a Belgian beer is NOT expensive.  That's what they cost.  Deal with it.  Similarly, twenty dollars for a really nice glass of wine is... well, still fair.Over the years, I've been very impressed with the place.  The owner (often present and working behind the bar) is hip, nice, and friendly -- like the rest of the staff.The last part of this review is to comment on the "look and feel" of the place.  I've travelled a bit... but not enough.  The interior walls remind me of the many-times-patched farmhouse walls of rural France.  That doesn't work for you or is too snooty?  Fine: the walls kind-of remind me of the cover of Led Zeppelin IV with spots of rust stains.  It's a very cool effect.  The lighting is indirect, dim, and the music is cool but usually chill.It's a great bar and [mercifully] popular with neither outer-loopers nor aging frat boys.  Heck, not even Hipsters seem to like it.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,2/28/2012,81,210,12,5,7>Say hello to my secret lover- Crawfish & Noodles. When you are in love you will do things you normally find dirty- like suck the head....of crawfish that is! I wish I could have eaten the shell...it was so effin LUSCIOUS!While eating - I completely forgot about how in love with Boiling Crab I was. I thought things were good- but when you find something as perfect as C&N- you understand what true love is. How can I describe the crawfish? Spicy, sweet, dripping with butter and garlic, so good it makes you want to cry. Service? There were so many helping me but Dat was really nice and followed up with us often. When we getting ready to go - the owner came by and made sure we were happy- we hope he liked us too because I am selling my house to move into C&N!!
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2011,2/27/2012,93,430,6,11,10>First of all, an update from the previous reviews: they now have a credit card machine, so it is no longer cash only. This place is kind of magical. It's the most fun we've had on date night in a long time. The shack is so laid back and fun that we didn't mind the 30 minute wait for a table. It's like hanging out in your neighbor's backyard, except your neighbor would have to have several acres, lots of tables and tiki torches, a great jukebox, and a friendly cat wandering among the tables. This has to be the best patio in all of Houston. Get down to the Love Shack while the weather is nice. As for the burgers: they're bliss on a bun. The toppings are not an afterthought and the flavors just explode in your mouth. While my 5 Napkin burger didn't require that many napkins, the beef, bacon, Tillamook cheddar, and fried egg was awesome. Don't miss the onion strings or the Last Kiss (bacon & garlic) fries. While the sides are cheap ($2-$3) the serving is enough to share with the entire table.Service was friendly. Again, it's more like hanging out with the neighbors than going out to eat.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,2/26/2012,87,206,5,9,8>I am a connoisseur of pepperoni & mushroom pizza and this place ROCKS!!4.75 stars ---The delish fresh toppings, the smokey mozarella, and the crispy thin crust are to die for good!!!5.0 stars --  Add that to an ice cold Blue Moon on a hot summer day, Sports Center on TV, and life doesn't get much better. ha ha OK maybe not the ESPN on TV, but the pizza is outta sight!!4.75 stars --Casual dining but a little small so you may have to wait during peak dinner hours.  It's also kinda hard to find (go figure in the Woods) so look for the Subway in the Panther Creek Village Center and it's across the parking lot.5.0 stars---If you order your own small it's also a 2fer1 as I had plenty to take home for lunch the next day. This always rates high in my book.4.55 stars ---A clean & modest little restaurant, with friendly if not a little harried service, but they do their best to accommodate the fussy Woodland's establishment. = 4.81 stars rounded up to five  I will most DEF be back!
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,2/25/2012,95,224,11,16,13>The location can be a challenge to find unless you've read about it's challenging location. IT has no large sign on the building like most places would. Only it's square shaped color contrasting signs on the windows. The interior is very nice and modern, very clean and relaxed with a neat wine display behind windows. One menu rests upon each table and on the 1st page (that is filled with beer and wine) on the top it explains that they are a lax bar and when you are ready to order come up to the bar. So no-one is going to come to you to get your order, they don't have that kind of staff since it's a small place. My bf and I mainly came for food because we were starving so we started out with the Goof Balls, (crab cakes), they were quite tasty. For entrees we got the Elf Pizza containing pesto, an artichoke heart on every cut slice, and sun dried tomatoes. This entree was my favorite, very fresh and healthy tasting with a thin crispy crust.  We had also ordered the  Guanciale burger with sweet potato fries was also good. The sweet potato fries weren't really fries from what I would define it as, it was more like 4 slices of baked seasoned sweet potatoes. It was good though. Very chill and delightful
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2011,2/24/2012,63,78,7,9,9>I (very appropriately) got lost in myself a little at Black Hole today. Why, you may ask? 1) The great mellow indie music that flows from one song to the other so mellifluously that I can't even distinctly remember the beginning or end of any song. Somehow 5 or so hours of my precious time were imperceptibly engulfed by the Black Hole to this continuous soundtrack.2) My delectable hot chocolate and large cranberry-orange scone were warm and yummy, likely inducing a carby/happy semi-stupor in me. In a nice coincidence, I also ran into Patricia S. and Tiziano H. (both of whom, I am happy to say, can definitely talk about anything from philosophy to politics) and they strongly endorsed the mushroom and feta cheese galette. I ordered it, and it was delicious! Definitely don't shy away from the food!3) The comfy, old tacky 70s-ish furniture and relaxed, friendly demeanor of the patrons made me feel completely chill here. The baristas/servers are very competent and friendly, a wonderful contrast to some of the colder baristas in Montrose. In sum, everything about Black Hole is pleasantly hip and unobtrusive, letting you sink into your book/soft-spoken conversation/writing/reverie/stream of consciousness effortlessly. Even the Andy Warhol-inspired Lindsay Lohan triptych put me at ease! 4) Nestled on Graustark right next to a washateria, it's in a not-so-hectic residential area of Montrose/the Museum District with a not-so-scary parking sitch. Not so bad at all!Needless to say, I will be back here in the future to Rip Van Winkle a few more hours away!
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,2/23/2012,158,137,6,10,7>Amazing feast at Feast!  We decided to go to Feast on a Tuesday night for my wife's birthday.  Their menu is awesome with a wide variety of foods available, which led to indecisiveness for all of us.  The waitress came to our rescue and suggested the 9 course tasting menu!  Basically, she had no idea what the chef was going to serve except that it would be 3 appetizers, 3 entrees and 3 desserts and take about 3 hours to complete.  As we had no one with food allergies or preferences at our table, we gave the chef freedom to make whatever his heart desired...Apps1. Potato and leek soup2. Escargot on baguette 3. Roasted chicken skin wrapped onion4. Roasted chicken (wings and back) in a balsamic reductionEntrees1. Fish and scallop pie pot pie (very thin flaky crust)2. Pork shoulder3. Sous-vide wild boar in a chocolate/tomato paste sauce with horseradish mashed potatoesDesserts1. Lemon sorbet2. Spotted dick cake3. Sticky toffee If you are keeping track - it did actually come out to be 10 courses, but we did not complain about being originally misled.  Like i said earlier, AMAZING!  I am sad I waited so long to try this place out.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,2/22/2012,205,288,3,8,6>I love how it's a local business, and they're super prompt with service and if you leave a voice mail when they're not available to take you call.They're located between 7th and 8th street on Heights Boulevard. My girl here is Stacy. She's done Brazilians on me, as well as brows and that hoary upper lip. I recently went ahead and did a microdermabrasion with her, and as usual, I have nothing to complain about. Excellent service, and with 3 ladies for waxing, there's almost always time to squeeze an appointment in. Weekends get pretty busy, so if you can spare a weekday, do it then :)
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,2/21/2012,29,177,5,6,5>I am in SO much trouble!! Since I realized that this location finally opened, in 2 days I went there twice.  Unfortunately for me, Gelato Blu is entirely to close and accessible to my home--they are open on the weekend.First trip I had the Cookie Monster and a White Chocolate Almond biscotti.  DELISHSecond trip I decided that my gluttony should match the Gelato's name, so I opted for a scoop of Chocolate Mud Pie.The ladies running the establishment are super nice and friendly and they offer coffees that are supposedly better than Starbucks.  I have yet to try one YET because I am a pig and love sweets!  :-DThey also offer various pastries but to be honest their Gelatos are incredible!
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2011,2/20/2012,284,893,9,14,9>This place is in a bad area. A crazy lady, possibly a crackhead was in front of me in line. I would never go here without a man by my side for safety.That being said the burgers are amazing. I ordered a jalapeno cheeseburger and my dining companion ordered a turkey burger. We ordered ours to-go, as my dining companion lives in this hood.As I opened my to-go box I gawked at how massive it was. I examined it to see if it was 2 patties? Nope, just one massive beef patty. It was so delicious that I devoured the entire burger. It was greasy, but not too greasy to enjoy. The cheese was melted all up in the jalapenos and the bun was buttery goodness.My only complaint - the fries sucked....They were extra large steak fries that were undercooked and mushy. I even threw them on a cookie sheet and tried to cook them a bit more but that didn't help a bit. Still mushy and gross. I'll try out the onion rings or tots next time for sure.They offer many more items on the menu besides burgers. Some that stuck out to me were the chicken and waffles, breakfast tacos, fried seafood platter, and hot dogs. I'd bet they are all worth trying. I'll be going again soon for sure!
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2011,2/19/2012,256,89,5,10,14>I feel so fortunate to have this oasis of nature right in my back yard, well walking distance at least. It's full of lush greenery or as green as it can get without the rain lately. There are also a few hills and small valleys here and there. The park stretches for miles and miles, I have yet to explore the whole thing by foot, so I'm getting a bike. I felt quite lonesome after moving outside the loop and away from Memorial Park where I used to run frequently. Now I have found a new friend.I love that it's secluded and not very crowded, away from traffic and the smell of exhaust fumes. It's quite the popular place for bikers since it has both dirt and concrete trails.The only downside is that at times it can smell horrible in some parts, I believe there's a sewage processing plant nearby, and sometimes the bayou acts up too.     I usually just take it as the chance to get moving and run when I come across those odors. I like that you can spot several kinds of small animals roaming about such as rabbits, squirrels, armadillos, and all sorts of birds.On a recent evening as I was headed back home at the brink of dusk, and I heard a "hoot" and then another "hoot...hoot!"As I was crossing one of the bridges I looked up and high on a tree there sat an owl perched on a branch. He was quite big, dark gray all over with a white belly. He looked down at me and I looked up at him, we both tried to figure each other out. It was such a great moment, and then he took off. I only wish I had a camera with me to capture this unique sighting, perhaps I will see him again.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2011,2/18/2012,151,258,9,10,11>I've been seeing them advertise their gelato cakes during my many visits (Paciugo's is actually selling them by the slice for $5 each) and so when I was looking for a birthday cake, I decided to try it out. I placed the order a couple days ago and picked the cake up this morning. When placing the order, you get to pick a flavor of cake ( I chose vanilla) and 2 flavors of gelato (went with the salted caramel and hazelnut) and fortunately for me, everyone loved the cake. They have a huge selection of gelato flavors you can choose from and even offer a red velvet cake base as well. A red velvet gelato cake?! knew I should have gone that route but I was pretty pleased with how my order turned out. If you want writing on your cake, they'll do that too but they did an interesting job on mine. Let's just say that the writing did not look professionally done at all but at least nothing was misspelled? For $35, I was pretty happy with the price and best of all, it was so good that the whole thing was gone in 15 minutes.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,2/17/2012,116,293,4,7,8>I've been coming here a lot lately to get my Vietnamese fix. Sure they serve some of the same things as other Vietnamese cafes in Midtown. But what separates them from the others are dishes like banh xeo (omelette), bun oc (escargot noodle soup) and banh cuon (steamed rice rolls) among other things. Basically, they offer more authentic selection than just pho, banh mi and vermicelli noodles.I've never had their pho but my mom did and she said it was just ok. I have had their banh mi and like it quite a bit. Their french bread is not as crunchy your-dentures-might-come-off like some other banh mi places.They have a pretty good selection of desserts, some already in plastic cups so you can buy to-go. Their durian smoothie is pretty good but could use a little bit more durian, in my opinion.If you come for lunch on a weekday, come early or late! They get really packed. Service here is slightly better than your typical Asian restaurant.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,2/16/2012,67,253,6,8,8>attention: if you love croissants, go here and go here immediately.they make the croissants there and they are soooo yummy. get this, they even make their french toast on croissants (why i have never thought to put these two favorites together?) it is genius.Adam O and I split the french toast and huevos rancheros. I love their take on the huevos rancheros. it is served on crispy flat tortillas so they dont get soggy, black beans, picante, eggs, cheese, and probably some other delicious things. also, their potatoes are unique. our table spent a good 15 minutes trying to figure out the secret ingredient. our waiter told us and dared us to try it at home b/c no one gets it right. oh well, guess we will just have to go back.I also love chocolate croissants so I asked if they served those. waiter's response: bring in whatever chocolate you want and I will make it for you. uhhhhh OK! so we will definitely be going back for that.I am not a coffee drinker, but we heard their coffee is just ok, which is weird having a name like java java, but i dont care.the owner also rotates local art, so that is neat.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,2/15/2012,76,57,10,14,9>Although this is literally on the opposite side of town from where I live, I decided to make the trip down 59 to see what the big deal was about this place.  This establishment isn't located in a "happening" location, but I find that to be a great quality.  We don't have to fight shopping traffic or other restaurant folks in the area.  Breakfast Klub is located across the street from (what looks like) President Obama's Houston campaign headquarters.  Either that...or it's a run down building and just decided to plant his face on the side of the building.One tip I would have for those that come here on the weekend - get here EARLY.  You WILL wait at least 30 minutes just to get your foot in the door.  Personally, I didn't mind the wait too much due to the true essence of southern hospitably given by the hostess who goes out of her way to greet and chat with you.The service is excellent and extremely surprising.  I placed my order for catfish and grits as well as the famous chicken and waffles.  The moment I paid and started walking through the dining room to find a table, a server was following me with my order.  I am not exaggerating - I didn't even sit down yet before the food was given to me.  Both the dishes were wonderful!  The chicken wings weren't overly greasy, the catfish wasn't dry, and the grits weren't so....grit-like.  I hate grits, but these were edible for me.  Maybe it was the moat of butter given with it.  I do plan to return to try other things off the menu.  A word of advice, which I gave to another Yelper, is to NOT eat here before work.  Why?  It'll slap you into a food coma like no one's business.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,2/14/2012,287,298,9,11,10>This place was bustlin' at 2pm on a Sunday, we actually had a 10 minute wait! Thank goodness the hostess was on the ball. I swear I don't know how she does it, I would go crazy in under a minute. Just watching the waitstaff dance around each other made me dizzy. This place is a diner, nothing fancy just plain, good classics. Two things caught my eye: the chili cheeseburger and the special, turkey with dressing (you get 3 sides). Lucky me, H wanted the chili cheeseburger so I ordered the turkey & dressing with green beans, mashed potatoes and broccoli casserole. Our drinks hit the table so we sat back to people watch & check out all the pics / memorabilia that is crammed on the walls. Apparently old man Kelley was a Houston Police Officer by the number of HPD pics on the walls (which includes kids in dad's uniform shirt). The crowd was eclectic. Young & old, singles & families, stylish & OMG did you really wear that out of the house...and without a bra? The food came and it barely fit on the table. 2 - 3 people can split one of their daily specials. The turkey was really delicious & moist the dressing had the right consistency I like (and score, it was cornbread!). The turkey gravy was tasty after I realized the white chunks in it were boiled eggs. The sides were all good. The green beans cooked a bit past al dente but seasoned nicely, mashed potatoes & gravy smooth and the broccoli casserole hearty. This meal alone fed H & I twice. The chili cheeseburger was ok. Thanks to fond memories of Ferrell's ICP's chili cheeseburger, Kelley's version was a pale comparison. However, since Ferrell's is located in California, Kelley's CCB is the go-to next time I have a hankerin'. Our waitress was very friendly and on the ball. She never copped an attitude when we asked for extra stuff considering we had to nab her as she rushed past our table. She even got us extra gravy when we asked for a to-go container. 3.5 stars, but rounding up to 4 for the great service and plentiful food.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,2/13/2012,155,207,6,14,8>A delicious banh mi (Vietnamese sandwich) joint in the Rice area.After driving pass this small shop multiple times on Holcombe near the corner of Kirby, I decided to finally try this place out when they posted a large "Vietnamese Sandwiches" sign outside. With a name like Bon Baguette, I assumed it was a bakery - apparently, a lot of people thought so too, said the owner, which led him to post the sign outside. Bon Baguette serves up some pretty mean banh mi - my sister and I tried the combination and grilled pork BBQ sandwiches, and they were delicious.  The bread was fresh and crunchy (and not too fat or skinny), and the ingredients were fresh too.  The pate and butter-mayonnaise they use are out-of-this-world! The BBQ pork was very gingery and had wonderful flavors. I'd give these bad boys 4.5 stars. However, these sandwiches are quite steep at $3.75 a pop. I guess these prices are justified by their location, if I'm too lazy to drive to Midtown or Chinatown to save a buck. Apparently, they also have a $5 lunch special for a sandwich, chips, and soda. The only other place that has the same thing for cheaper is Rice's Valhalla $4 lunch special, which they get delivered from Les Givral's.The only complaint(s) I have about this place are:1. They have a $5 minimum on credit card charges, and they don't take bills higher than $20s.2. When I went (2pm-ish), the service was very slow and they had run out of meatballs (which I REALLY wanted to try). It took them about 10 minutes to make two sandwiches, which is like an eternity when you compare them to similar joints in Chinatown. I'll excuse them for this, since it was an off-hour and they had recently opened.Bon Baguette also boasts of making some great smoothies and spring rolls - I'll get to trying them the next time I come back (which I definitely will!) There's a few parking spaces out front, and there's free wi-fi and tv's in the little shop. They also offer delivery service at a $20 minimum.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,2/12/2012,40,41,12,18,13>If Anvil Bar and the Tasting Room had a baby, it would be Simone on Sunset (but less busy).  They feature great cocktails, decent food selection, and a wine list.Simone is hidden from the usual rift raft that you'll find on Washington.  It is located in a quaint neighborhood in Rice Village.  Anvil is for yuppies, Grand Prize is hipsters and Simone is for the slightly more mature crowd (mid 30s).  Don't come here expecting to get "effed up" or "wild".Conclusion:  As long as this place doesn't become super packed, it will continue to be the perfect place to have great conversation.  Think they have nightly specials (buger nights, tacos, happy hours, etc.).  Never had their pizza, but it looks amazing.See below for supplemental info: - Price: Above average (cocktails are about the same prices you'll see at Anvil)- Atmosphere: 4/5 stars (decor is simple and charming)- Service: 4/5. (has a 'local'/personable feel.  Kind of reminds me of Community Bar)Big turnoffs: - Last time I went, they were a bit understaffed.  Traaaash...- Wine list is lacking in selection.  Traaaash...
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,2/11/2012,466,956,5,20,11>If you have been looking for a Dominican hairstylist to do your hair, today is your lucky day! My sister found Josie one day when she went to Walmart, Josie worked at the beauty salon there. Being from NY and getting my hair done every week by a Dominican stylist, it was tough getting to Texas and not knowing what to do with my hair. As we all know there are not many Dominicans in Texas. Josie does an amazing job with my hair. I love the way she cuts and styles it. If you have curly hair and want a straight do, then look no further! I am definitely a fan and will follow her anywhere she goes (except if she goes back to NY! lol). She is pretty busy so make sure you call her for an appointment. You can send me a private message if you want her number. As for me, I am hooked. =0}
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2011,2/10/2012,374,720,6,11,11>I had dinner here awhile ago with a couple of awesome friends - awesome, because they are always sensitive to my vegan needs and even called beforehand to verify the vegan-ability of the fare.  I was somewhat skeptical there would be options for me, but as it turns out, not the case!I can't exactly recall everything I ate, but I did let the server know beforehand of my vegan-ness and I was informed of what was default-vegan and what could easily be modified into something vegan-friendly.  I do recall something rather interesting consisting of blueberries, but being deliciously savory.  And some other tomato-saucy deliciousness.  Some nicely cooked veggies and a gorgeous salad.  I'm probably not adequately conveying how wonderful it all was, but it was, TRUST ME ON THIS.  It's a shame I didn't remember to snap photos or write down the items, but I was really quite shocked at how delicious.  And we had us some delicious wine or two, to accompany the meal.  Service was fairly attentive and consistent, no complaints there.  This is quite the intimate venue, so I'm going to go ahead and suggest that's it likely not a great idea to haul along a massive amount of people.  It's very dimly lit, so perhaps a lovely first date destination?  Or twentieth date?  I like this place.  I wouldn't mind coming back or recommending it to others.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,2/9/2012,89,202,5,10,8>I like this place.  I like it a lot.  The food is solid good, service is ALWAYS friendly, and the ambiance is just right.This place has the best outdoor dining in the Clear Lake area.   It's a pleasant patio; some tables have big colorful umbrellas, others set back under a roof.  Many potted plants and flowers.  Today I was sitting next to an urn of mint and was garnishing my salad with mint-leaves freshly picked.  There's a fountain.  The whole patio is set way back from the street, so it's quiet.My usual here is a large Greek salad, with a can of Moroccan peppered-sardines.  The olives are dark and intense (calamata, I think.)  They use a good feta cheese.  There are many vegetarian options; the gyros and the beef plates are good too.  They always do a good job with the presentation.The place does have its weak points.  Yes, some of the stock in the grocery section is covered with dust.  The floor indoor is cement with some (epoxy?) paint; it's seen better days.   The bathrooms could use some work.  The service is sometimes slow.  The tables indoors are crowded.But I still give this place 5 stars, because I always leave happy.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,2/8/2012,215,403,11,18,13>Ethiopian?  Sign me up.Authentic African food of any stripe is difficult to find in this country outside of New York.  Houston-haters don't consider this place to be cosmopolitan, but the evidence is all around town.  Your Honor, I present Exhibit A:  Blue Nile Ethiopian.My nose was greeted by aromas of spice and incense.  In progress at one table was the traditional Ethiopian coffee service.  It's as ornate as a Catholic Mass, with a brazier that instantly brought that ceremony to mind.  I kept looking around for a priest.Catholic Mass, with better food, that is.Wash your hands before you come (good advice in all things), because silverware is not how it's traditionally done.  They bring out injera--which is high-fiber spongy bread like a pancake.  Tear it apart and use it to grab and dip with.For a newbie or a dabbler in Ethiopian cuisine, I highly recommend the route we took which was to split a Vegetarian Sampler and a Meat Sampler.  The vegetarian plate had salad, fitfit, gomen, and wot on it--all flavorfully spiced (mixes of pepper, olive oil, tomato, jalapeno, split peas, collard greens, garlic, ginger, tumeric).  The meat dish had tibs, beef, lamb, and chicken, all flavorfully spiced.If I had to describe my overall impression, I would say that it's kind of like a Lebanese food delivery truck crashed into a spice market.  The Middle Eastern influence is clear, but with a kick.  It was an immersive Ethiopian experience.  I'll be back.  I'm definitely a fan!
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2011,2/7/2012,178,1288,14,25,18>Japanese owned and operated Japanese restaurant in Houston? Yes! This is a rare find and I relished every minute of it. The cutest little old couple own and run this place each and every day. I knew it would be a perfect place to have a special birthday celebration for my husband, who loves sushi and all things Japanese, so much so he married into a Japanese family (mine).  Of course, we brought along my Japanese dad and step mom for the ride. When we arrived, we were greeted with the typical "irasshaimase". We walked in and past the tatami room (see photo) where you can sit on the floor in a much more traditional Japanese style. We were seated in full view of the sushi bar area, oh wait, every table has that view. This place is truly small and intimate. Mr. Miyagi works the sushi bar while Mrs. Miyagi takes orders, runs food out, etc... Don't expect to be in and out of here quickly, this is definitely a place to "make an evening out of it". Service is slow but attentive. We ordered WAY too much food, but we wanted to try everything we could. We found the portion sizes to be large. They do not offer tempura as a separate item, but it is in some of the maki. Take a look at the many photos I uploaded. The sashimi combo was huge and very good, my father thoroughly enjoyed it. The shaggy dog roll is huge and spicy! We were told it was one of the most popular and we liked it, but my mouth was on fire! The Idaho maki (sweet potato tempura in the maki) was good but just too much sweet potato overall. I thought I would love it because I love sweet potato tempura, but this was just too much. My favorite of the evening was the Sakura special maki which was featured on the table signs. It had tempura salmon inside and was absolutely delicious! We didn't see it on the menu so we asked if they had inari sushi and they did! The Inari sushi was great and huge portion sizes. You'd think we'd had enough right? Uh yeah, no, we kept going! My husband loved his maguro sushi, but there was a surprise of extremely spicy wasabi under the fish. Yes, there is always wasabi under the fish on top of the rice, but this was especially spicy. We also ordered some hot items. The miso soup was delicious and served piping hot. The pork gyoza were good but not amazing. The shrimp shumai were my favorite item of the night. You get 10 in an order and wow, those little guys just pop into your mouth with a burst of flavor! I would highly recommend them! My husband had the Oyakodon, which is his standard Japanese entree, and it was just ok. The egg wasn't fully cooked and didn't have all the yummy onions you typically find in it. I had the Katsu don which was better but still nothing special.  Stick with the sushi and not the rice bowl dishes. We spent a ton of cash here because we literally covered our table with food. I would absolutely go back again and again and get lots of the maki.When we asked about the inari sushi, she said "of course, we are Japanese." I answered with "yes, so is he" (pointing at my full Japanese father). She said "are you sure?"... hahahaha. Um yeah, I'm sure. My dad likes to golf and is really dark and tanned. The Japanese tend to avoid getting tans, as it is culturally preferred to be pale.  She made me laugh and we still joke about it. I think she believed us when my dad belted out a few phrases in Japanese (that's about all he knows). Summary: Go Here. It's delicious except for the Oyakodon and Katsu don. Don't be in a hurry.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,2/6/2012,68,368,7,6,4>I'm not sure what we were doing in the Heights, but we were there one Saturday late afternoon. I think we were lost, I think I wanted barbecue, I knew I had to take a whiz. Esther Yelped barbecue places in the area. We were heading somewhere else when we saw one of her friend's 3-star review. Decided to try out Gatlin's. I guess I'll start with why I deducted a star. First, there was only one party in front of us, a party of two that took forever to count out their change. We're waiting, they tell us there's no more brisket and ribs. We came for brisket. No biggie. I was thinking turkey and pulled pork.After they finished their transaction, they talked about the food with the mama owner for 5-10 minutes. I definitely had to pee at this point but I saw the sign said "No public restrooms" so I figured I'd place my order before going. The guy comes out again and says there's no more turkey. Okay...pulled pork and sausage it is. We finally place our order, I go sit down, get back up to use the restroom and it turns out you just can't use the restroom. Is this normal? "No public restrooms" - does that mean no restroom for the public or no restroom for non-customers? Someone please edumuncate me. We sit, browse through Yelp reviews, and read that the wait might take an hour. I'm pissed and I just want to leave this stupid no brisket, ribs, turkey joint so I can find a bathroom. Any 5 star place has a restroom. End of story. The food was really, really good though, and the quantities were massive. So good that they can probably run out of all their food and not open up the restrooms to the public. The sausage was okay, the sides (dirty rice and broccoli cheese casserole) were good, and the pulled pork was awesome. The food was so good, I forgot I had to use the restroom, and, now, a week later, am still thinking about barbecue. Definitely follow all the other Yelpers advice. And order the pulled pork. I wish I did and if I'm ever lost in The Heights again, I'll be sure to heed their advice. And order the pulled pork.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,2/5/2012,135,303,3,13,5>I am very surprised that nobody has yet to review this place.  I know it's relatively new but still it should have at least a couple reviews by now.  I guess yelpers need to work harder here in Houston.Anyway, my husband's colleague told us about this place and said it served pretty decent and authentic Sichuan food.  Spicy Chinese food is always my priority and so far I can't say that I ain't disappointed in Houston.  I went to a couple Sichuan restaurants here but one was just bad and the other was only edible.So we went tonight at 9:30pm.  It was a Monday night and late so we were the only customers there.  The people were very tentative and helpful when it came to ordering.  We wanted the Dan Dan noodles and string beans and the guy recommended the whole fish in spicy oyster sauce (or something like that).Dan Dan noodles $3.95 were excellent!  The owner told me that they made their food relatively light  because most customers here can't take real Sichuan food (sad, isn't it?). So if you are into spicy food, make it very clear to them and they are happy to customize for you. I told them very spicy and still they were a little conservative. Anyway, the texture of Noodles were perfect and flavor was good.  The owner told me that they have them specially made and cooked.  The string beans and bamboo shoots with pickles $7.95 was also good but they didn't put any peppers into (guess this was a non-spicy dish).  We will have to ask them to put dry peppers next time (that's the only right way to make it spicy).  However, this dish is usually very greasy but they managed to control the grease level so that it was refreshing.The whole fish $16.95 was the main dish. It came buried in peppers but still not spicy enough for me.  I will just have to ask for extra extra extra spicy next time.  The fish was fried and then braised in sauce. The meat was very moist and fresh and the taste was good.  It wasn't my favorite fish dish (which is just too hard to compete) but it was decent  enough that I would order it again.The decor was very clean and nice but the prices were ok. The whole fish was a little expensive but the rest of the dishes were reasonable.I was too hungry and too distracted by the food to take pictures this time.  So I need to make a mental note to slow down in my next visit (which I assume won't be far away) in order to show some pictures.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2011,2/3/2012,153,461,10,9,9>we used to come to this park from time to time when i was a kid.  we didn't know what it was called when we were kids, so we called it alligator park, since there's alligators all over the place.  i've never seen a park ranger, or any other employee on the grounds other than at the toll booth.  i'm not sure how many accidents happen each year, or if the alligators simply aren't interested in eating people, but it amazes me that there are no barriers between us and them.  i even remember one time when an alligator was sunbathing on one of the trails, and we were stupid enough to step right over it and continue hiking.as previously mentioned, there are trails for hiking and biking.  there are also lakes, but no swimming is allowed, unless you'd like to donate yourself to the alligators for lunch.  the park also has barbeque grills and picnic tables.  they tell you not to feed the alligators, but i'm still not sure what the alligators are eating everyday to survive.  be sure to bring lots of bug spray, and keep an eye out for ticks and chiggers.  also don't play around on the  muddy banks on some of the trails and accidentally push your friend into the swampy river like my friend did to me back in the day.if you come later in the evening and stay until nightfall, you can head over to the observatory to ogle some celestial bodies.  that's a nice way to end the day!
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2011,2/2/2012,117,256,3,11,8>As Jim M. wrote, this is a really nice little casual shop with a great neighborhood vibe. It's the kind of place I'd take my family when they visited and everyone, even the fussiest and least adventurous among us could get something to eat. There would be none of the family obsessing over menu options or pouting and passive-aggressively ordering an appetizer or dessert only. This is because the food is mostly standard American fare with an emphasis on Italian dishes and seafood. They have all the meats you carnivore-types like to eat, and plenty of options for the vegetarian- even some dishes that can be veganized. I read sun-dried tomato gnocchi off the specials blackboard, and I had to try it- this was truly an oustandingly done dish and shocked the pants off of me. I'd expect something that delicious at the highest of high end Italian restaurants.My grilled veggie pizza was just what I was expecting- with the sauce even a bit better than I'd hoped. Seasonal Saint Arnold's on tap is a win. Also, delicious (decaf!) cappuccino for me to nurse after dinner.This is close enough to our home in Westbury (Houston close) that I can see coming back here when we just want to eat out without having to labor over which kind of ethnic food we're in the mood for. Bonus is being able to pop into Whole Foods after and get some grocery shopping done. Nice shaded patio and it's actually possible to hear in here! If you haven't been here lately, come on back! It's under new ownership and has a new menu.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,2/1/2012,214,99,9,23,14>THE most memorable dining experience I've had to date. EVER. If someone were hired to simply watch my facial expressions during the entire course of that meal, I think they'd be pretty entertained. When you're in complete, utter bliss, it's hard to contain that!Another Austin import, Uchi is the complete package of what you'd imagine the ultimate dining experience would be. Uchi serves up contemporary Japanese cuisine that the bf and I had the opportunity to check at a soft opening over the weekend. The official opening is February 2nd, but these few weeks prior served as training days for the entire staff, which we were alerted to as soon as we were let into the restaurant.On walking in, I looked onto the familiar setting of the same feel/elements as the original Uchi. A large open dining area, outlines of trees painted onto vibrant red walls and little light globes illumniating the table areas. The natural wood elments of the booths, walls, tables and chairs made the it feel warm and initimate. We were told it'd be a bit of a wait to clear some tables, despite having our 7:30 reservation (we were seated at about 8), but we were invited sit at the bar area and get some drinks in the meantime. Both the bar and sushi bar are situated in the center of the restaurant where we could clearly see all the action. I have to say, staff was very attentive about checking in with us, constantly updating us to what was going on as far as seating and I appreciated that.While we were waiting, we seated ourselves at the bar and looked at the menu so we knew exactly what we wanted. Our meal consisted of (and descriptions come from the menu; I put asterisks next to my favorites for the night, although I really loved EVERYTHING. It was a hard decision to make!):+ Uchiviche - salmon, striped bass, cherry tomotoes, yellow bell peppers, garlic, cilantro, raisins and a bit of citrus. Picking up as much as I could with my chopsticks, it was a delicious little bite! The meatiness of both fish along with the little bit of sour of the citrus and sweetness of raisins and all the textures fit well together.+ *Walu Walu - "oak-grilled escolar, yuzupon (a lemony vinegar sauce), candied citrus, and myoga (ginger)" - escolar was a neat little portion infused with the citrus sauce that permeated throughout the fish. There were also little crispy bits of what tasted like tempura, which added another great texture to my tongue. Indescribably tasty!+ *Hamachi nabe - we added this last dish toward the end of or meal, afraid that we wouldn't still be hungry, and it definitely put me over the top, but no regrets on ordering this dish. "Baby yellowtail, koshi hikari rice, soy broth, and farm egg." What the menu didn't mention was the delightful little pieces of tobiko that dance around the raw yellowtail sitting in the hot, white pot before the server poured the soy broth right on top of the hamachi nabe. He explained the the dish was being cooked right there. It just smelled soooooooo delicious already, just like he said "like eggs and rice in the morning." It was hearty and filling. The yellowtail and rice were completely satisfying in my tummy and kind of had a smoky element to its flavor. gahhhh, yummm!+ *Pitchfork - I have to say, since seeing wagyu beef on the Food Network and hearing about it's quality, I had to have a dish that included it. My first experience with wagyu, I noted its incredible tenderness and juicy flavor, unlike any beef I've ever had. Inside the roll also included avocado, and topped with leek crisps. I believe on the side was the yuzu kosho, a kind of citrus sauce that completed the dish. To. Die. For.+ Ham & Eggs - katsu pork belly in a roll sprinkled w/ espelette powder accompanied with 3 different sauces (beer mustard, a yolk custard sauce and I think the other one was made with an egg white?). The pork belly was tender, juicy, and just the right about of crispy saltiness of the katsu.+ Chef's Choice Sushi (5 pieces) - I can't remember ever piece of fish on that wood block that night (tuna, salmon, flounder, sea bass, and one I'm missing!), but I have to speak to how fresh each cut was. Also, for the flounder and sea bass, how thoughtfully they were prepared with a little bit of extras on top, some citrus flavor, a bit of a herb or spice. Every bit was fantastic.I was in complete heaven during this entire meal. My stomach and my taste buds were singing! Our waitress was also very informative concerning every question we had about the menu and descriptions of dishes. The entire staff was phenomenal. Major props to Tyson Cole and the entire crew!Official grand opening is February 2nd. Make that reservation now! You would do yourself a disservice if you didn't go to Uchi. In fact, your life would be incomplete, whether you know it or not.WORD.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,1/31/2012,320,247,12,21,17>Most people say this place rocks for late night eating and/or when you're drunk bc everything tastes good when you're drunk.  However, I am such a fan that I went here twice in one week..during the day!!  No, I was NOT drunk.I usually get steak and eggs at a breakfast joint so that's what I ordered.  The ribeye is about 8-10 ounces, depending on your luck, and it's pretty good quality meat.  I love me some Denny's and Wafflehouse, but their steaks are crap compared to House of Pies' steak.  Their steak and eggs dish comes with your choice of eggs, potato and bread.They use Extra Large eggs, so when I order my sunny side up eggs, there's so much delicioussss...oozy....yolky goodness.I got the cottage fried potatoes the first time, that's the tator tots, and the second day I got the hashbrowns.  Hashbrowns were pretty standard, but their tator tots...mmm mmm..it was good.  The portion of the tator tots was really generous..so if you want the best bang for your buck, go with the tator tots.I've had both the wheat and white toast.  I'll stick with the white toast since I am already being bad by getting deep fried potatoes.Coffee is coffee.  It's not strong enough for me, but hey I'm Vietnamese, I drink my coffee super strong.On to the pies......my company got me a fresh strawberry pie for my birthday.  I specifically requested it from House of Pies.  I didn't want no stinking cake...I wanted the pie!!  It's that good!!  A yelper buddy and I shared a slice while at a UYE and I think he REALLY enjoyed it.I got a slice of the coconut cream pie to-go for my hubby.  The pie was okay.  I have had better coconut cream pie in Chappell Hill....but if I don't feel like going to Chappell Hill, then of course, I will go to House of Pies.Yum.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2011,1/30/2012,3161,3020,11,19,12>I totally love the NEW HOT BUSINESSES function of YELP, because it keeps in the loop with new joints in town.  This new sushi joint opened up in the tunnels, I am not a worker of downtown nor a tourist so I have to make it out of my way to make into the tunnels for sushi during the week!But from the reviews I read I was sold and was going to make the trek to try it out.  I must say it was worth all of the trouble.Imagine Which Wich or Brown Bag Deli, where you have options for your sandwich but instead of a hoagie it's a ROLL.First off you start with the wrap either traditional seaweed which is 3.95 or modern soy which is 4.95.  Next, comes to the rice either traditional white or healthy brown.  Then the veggies: Asparagus, Avocado, Baby spinach, Cream cheese, Cucumber, Green onions, Jalapeños, Sprouts, Tomago egg omelet, Tofu skin, Seasonal fruits, or Season veggies.  You get to pick 3 veggies to be put in your roll.  On this day their seasonal fruits were mango and strawberries.  Then the meats which vary in price: Beef, chicken, kani is 1.95, Crawfish tails and shrimp is 2.95, and Salmon and eel is 2.50.  They also offer raw meats at other prices: Escolar is 2.95, Salmon and Tuna is 2.50.  Finally, comes to the toppings and sauces: Chili powder and sesame seeds  are free, Tempura and smelt egg .99, Crab mix 2.50.  As far as sauces go they have 8 different sauces: Creamy miso sweet, PonzuSpicy mayo, Teriyaki eel sauce, Japanese mayo, Sweet chili oil, Sweet chili, and Wasabi mayo.Also Miso soup and edame is just .99 cents.You aren't getting skilled sushi chefs here but the ingredients are fresh.  Everything is precut and portioned out so the people preparing it just grab what you pick and use this machine that rolls it tightly and cuts it evenly into 10 pieces.One of my rolls I made this day was one with the soy, which I really enjoyed, with avocado, mangos, and strawberries, with eel, and topped with creamy miso.  DAMN it was delicious...then again I DID CREATE IT.The 2nd one was just as good I stuck with the traditional, avocado, sprouts, and cucumber and topped it off with spicy mayo.  This one was spectacular too.I wish they would expand out of just downtown because the prices are low and I can get what I want in my rolls!
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2011,1/29/2012,99,168,7,7,9>My knowledge of Mexican Culture is shotty at best, but I feel pretty confident that if we were in Mexico City, El Gran Malo is without a doubt where the Mexico City hipsters would dwell. Run by the same team as the "muy" alternative Dirt Bar, EGM may require neighboring religious themed Mexican restaurant, Tony's to up the ante on crosses and holy water. Basically, El Gran Malo celebrates Los Dias De Los Muertos (Day of the Dead) on a daily basis and throws in some luchidor murals just for kicks. Once you pass the front bar, you will enter the small main dining room featuring a Mexican voodoo themed wall where El Gran Malo is slowly infusing its tequila supply with various natural juices.....definitley taking their tequila bar to next level style.My party of three selected a small table and immediately order the day's special (shrimp and crab campechana) and of course, queso. Meanwhile, our ultra friendly waitress educated us on their legit beverage menu and convinced us to order strawberry cucumber infused tequila margaritas as well as a pepper and pecan infused tequila on the rocks (say what?).Tequila too pansy for you? Don't worry, El Gran Malo also has a short Mezcal list to tempt your inner fire blower.As for you lightweights, there are plenty of Mexican and American craft beers to choose from.Our drinks and apps came out quickly and we were on our way to enjoying our selections.All of our drink orders were fantastic, but is it possible to infuse tequila to the point where you can't taste it? The strawberry and cucumber was alive and well, but I could barley detect any tequila smokiness. For those of you who want to have some fun, I highly recommend the hot pepper infused tequila on the rocks...a spicy roller coaster in every sip. The fresh and delicious campechana brought the heat, but was complimented with cooling chunks of avocado. The queso boasted "gran" flavor and was thick but never formed into a solid.....perfection.We opted to try the majority of the tacos (1 for $4 or 3 for $11) as well as the burger on torta bread. The only loser of the tacos we sampled was the chicken, while they pork belly and ground beef were a true pleasure. My pick, basic beef was super moist with the perfect savory seasoning topped with pico, pepper jack and lettuce on a corn tortilla -mayhaps my favorite taco in a LONG time. I got one bite of the burger topped with 1 fried egg and basically did a quiet happy dance....a must for one with a bigger appetite.It has to be said that the menu was relatively short and missing the usual staples like enchiladas and spanish rice- but that's definitely not a bad thing...just be prepared.El Gran Malo makes for a perfect spot to kick off a night on the town since the drinks are great and nothing besides the burger is overly heavy.With that being said, I was humored by the older Garden Oaks / Oak Forest residents that thought they would try out the new neighborhood Mexican restaurant, as El Gran Malo is anything but family friendly. That is unless you don't mind grandma staring at thigh high boots and non existent mini skirts rocked by the waitresses and the "rock star on hiatus" clientele. (In other words, a people watcher's heaven)Bottom Line: El Gran Malo brings goth to Mexican food, and I kinda like it.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2011,1/28/2012,2219,1117,17,28,14>"The only time to eat diet food is while you're waiting for the steak to cook." -- Julia ChildChabuca's closed so I don't really need to jab too hard: but this place beats the pants off of Chabuca's in every conceivable way. And it is still open, so it wins by default if you prefer the Homer Simpson calculus.Housed in the old Miyako's, a lot of lipstick got slathered on the pig to transform the crumbling ex-sushi house into a nice/fancy country club kind of atmosphere. The parking looks limited, although it was really not that busy and did not seem to be a problem. The porte-cochère you pass through on the way to the bridge over algae green (troubled?) water makes you feel a bit fancy too. Once inside through the single layer of doors (not the double like at Fogo where you can gawk at the meat) you find yourself in a big, open space. Quick seating by the maitre'd as you pass by the impressive stack of plates and even bigger salad buffet.Lunch is $26.50 and like all Homer Simpson inspired eaters of the world, I take this as a challenge to get my money's worth just the same as I do at Fogo de Chao, Nelore Churrascaria, and others. Immediately upon being seated you are presented with the bread basket, although you are likely already making a bee line for the salad buffet, to cram something green down your throat as quickly as possible before following it up with a chaser of ten pounds of meat.The salad bar has some of the freshest, most colorful, hard to find, and tastiest salad bar components of any salad bar I have been to in town (including Fogo's somewhat lackluster attempt to throw something green in the room at the last moment.) Salad is bright green and crisp. Creamy caesar dressing is CREAMY like no other. Artichoke hearts are juicy. Asparagus spears are humongous, like you could throw it as a spear at someone if you got angry enough. The broccoli is green and seems lightly steamed, it is still pretty firm. Potato salad was made with some mayo, it is very wet. The waldorf salad comes heavy on the apples, it is not very wet. There was other stuff but I had some salad so it was meat time. Activate the meat time - flip your red card over to the green side and let the meat avalanche happen.It took about ten minutes of meat eating (a constant stream) before we got to the sides, which were (a) rice, (b) mashed potatoes with cheddar cheese and paprika sprinkled on top, and (c) fried banana. Fried banana was the clear winner, it was awesome and juicy. The bread was pretty good, it was shaped like a muffin, but more like a "pop up" kind of bread with a hard crunchy shell and soft fluffy interior. I felt like the meat needed more attention so I just avoided the potatoes and the rice altogether. Clear winner: bacon wrapped chicken.Second place: bacon wrapped filet mignonThird place: the sausagesFourth place: leg of lambFifth place: filet mignonSixth place: House favorite cutEverything else tied for seventh place. The ribs were especially charcoally blackened, which is not so much my style as it might be yours, but it was the only "merely meh" offering. Everything else was great.Definitely worth it for a big occasion like a birthday, getting a new job, a quinceañera, or if you are just really hungry and think you can eat $27 worth of steak for lunch (also known as, every day of the week!)
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,1/27/2012,234,331,6,13,9>Nice little car wash on the corner of montrose and w dallas street. I always pass by this car wash on my way home from work and decided to check it out one day.  They are offering a 10% discount so my car wash came out to be around $13.50.  What I like about this place is that they have a little Otis Spunkmeyer cookie oven in the waiting room so you can have a little snack while you wait for your car. They also have ghirardelli hot chocolate as well as a variety of coffees and teas you can indulge in.  All of which are complimentary!Lastly, they give you a stamp card so after 9 washes you get your 10th free!
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,1/26/2012,386,171,21,20,20>Confidence Ponytail, as much as I adored her, overstayed her welcome. It got to a point where she was an absolute necessity, lest I strut about my daily routine with an amorphous mass of split-ended brunette perched shapelessly on my scalp. Given my unfortunate car situation, my choices of where to address this obviously serious issue are limited. While I adore Hairworks in The Woods, mounting responsibilities and obligations inside the loop make it near impossible to make it up there whenever the hair needs a slice-and-dice.Fortunately, Kat's Meow is not only located conveniently on the rail, it also happens to pride itself on its distinctly retro sensibilities - which boded well for what I wanted. Specifically, a modern twist on a classic bob. Something low-maintenance that'd look sexy when messy and sleek when styled. As you can probably tell from the 5-star review, that's precisely what I got. I'm officially making Erin my new stylist. If she'll have me, of course. She's amazing. Even though my phone's touchscreen went berserk, she still managed to glean what I wanted from the inspiring model (japanesestreets.com/phot) and my description. Ricki H. and my parents loved it. Three of my friends felt compelled to pet my new "Power Girl" 'do in the parking lot of Katz's at 4 AM...while sober! Coworkers followed suit the next day. 26 people "liked" its Facebook photo debut. The seriously sexy Italian boy upon whom I have a shameless, yet comfortably open, crush sent me a Skype message saying he thought I looked "cute." Most importantly, though, I was satisfied. Despite losing around 8 inches of swingin' dead keratin, the style and wash cost $55 - though prices go up from there depending on what all needs doing. I'm at a point now where that price won't break me; cheaper chains have a higher turnover rate (and therefore more of a quality gamble). When comparison shopping with other nearby salons, Kat's Meow is actually on the lower end. On top of everything else, I really like the atmosphere. Very retro, very casual, very excellent musical taste. (Nobody made fun of me when I mixed up Buena Vista Social Club with Broken Social Scene...which, in my defense, it was 10 AM and I had consumed exactly 0 cups of any given liquid stimulant.) Erin was friendly and chatty, and the fact that she loves to read gives us plenty to talk about on subsequent visits! Unlike many salons, absolutely nobody here pushed products on me. Never once did anyone attempt to sell me anything besides a style. Although I WAS offered a bottle of water. That was pretty sweet, even if I didn't need hydration at the time. I'm coming back to get some red streaks in the front once I can afford it. Considering Sig's Lagoon and Tacos A-Go-Go are right there in the same little shopping center, I can easily make an entire day out of one quick Metro Rail ride.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,1/25/2012,225,440,10,15,15>Backstreet was the setting for the first meeting of the Brunch Bunch Revival of 2011 and it couldn't have been a better spot! Their brunch menu has to be one of the tastiest I've seen in a long time and made it very difficult to decide what I would indulge in. The ambience is great for a Sunday morning and they accomodated our large group fairly well (with reservations, of course). Had the weather been a bit warmer I would have opted for the patio, but I guess that just gives me another reason to go back soon!I ended up settling on one of the specials for the day, which was Lobster Benedict and a side of Stuffed French Toast. I was utterly over the moon with both of my choices and felt like a fat kid with cake all over her face by the end of the meal. The Lobster Benedict was savory and the eggs poached perfectly, while the French Toast gave me the "warm and fuzzies" with it's fluffy bread, banana filling and a slight drizzling of maple syrup.Everyone seemed pretty pleased with their meals also and the fact that Tony Danza was there enjoying brunch let me know I had chosen the right spot!
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,1/24/2012,44,176,14,14,17>I heard about this place from a co-worker. Right away I knew this was going to be my favorite place to visit. Let me just tell you it's not a shackIt's in a strip center with a drive thru. Yay!!! The list of frozen treats is Huge. It's basically a slushy. That's all.You choose what to "add" :-DYou can get a "shack punch" card your 10th is free. Another great thing... a Hartz chicken is at the other end of the strip center. Sweet!
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,1/23/2012,408,480,7,10,9>BYOB... is the place to be.The boyfriend pick out this place. I told him i felt like kickin it at some byob joint and long behold... LUIGI'SAh, I really couldn't ask for a better evening. The weather was great and so was my company. I stopped by spec's to pick up 2 bottles of wine. a chianti and a cab. The pizza was pretty amazing. I'd rate the pizza itself a 4 out of 5.+ pizza: sausage, pepperoni, sauteed onions, hamburger, mushroom+ spicy buffalo wings - crunchy, me likey.+ family friendly environment+ family run business so it felt like family was taking care of you+ clean glasses for byow+ generous amount of water+ great for families, couples, friends I'd come back again!
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2011,1/22/2012,149,321,5,7,8>Yeehaw! My very first rodeo! I guess I picked a darn good one to attend too. Wish we had come a little earlier as this was second to the last day. But now I can't wait till next year!Not a Texan and never been to a rodeo but I've been wanting to see one for years. This did not disappoint. In fact, it was even better than I imagined. This event is HUGE like Texas so next time I will plan to buy tickets ahead of time (we had standing room only "seats" for the rodeo part) and see a concert or two as well.What's great here is I had heard I would see boots being worn with everything (shorts, skirts, dresses, jeans) and sure enough we did see that! Not afraid to let my white legs out now - remember it's only March! So, I have awesome vintage Justin cowgirl boots which I wore with my Miss Me jeans and I seemed to be up to fashion with the latest gear walking around wearing this. And what you don't already own you know you can buy here. I was hat, belt and more boot shopping and the choices were plentiful. I got a gorgeous custom made belt from Red Leather in the Reliant Center, had a great pair of boots bought right out from under me at the Justin booth (story of my life!) and will wait to find a hat the next time as we just ran out of time. Good thing boots are so comfy. Whatever you wear plan to walk, walk, walk 'till you drop. We did not come near seeing it all and went too late in the season to catch the BBQ cook off, the horse show and some of the other fun offerings. The actual rodeo was very cool! I used to watch on TV with my dad so I knew sort of what to expect. In person it's even better. This was championship day for the finals down to today's shoot off so we saw the best of the best bronc riders, calf ropers, steer wrestlers, bull-riders just west of the Mississippi. We enjoyed good eats from the various local restaurants vending here and will definitely come back next year for more! This was fair/carnival food which I love really - fried everything on a stick and plenty of BBQ!Most fun for me was having my boots cleaned, polished and shined up real nice for $7. What a deal! Written in my travelogue: Super nice volunteer workers, great crowd; friendly and easy on the eyes. Buy tickets early online and go early and often!
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,1/21/2012,38,55,8,7,8>*cough* *cough* in my best Clint Eastwood voice. "...you've got to ask yourself one question: 'Are you afraid of visiting an off-the-beaten-freeway restaurant tucked away in a densely populated strip center where at the corner convenience store you have to pass vagrants asking for money and suspicious looking young men hanging out for no apparent reason just to enter?' If you answered yes please disregard this review. For those who are not afraid 'Do I feel lucky? Well, do ya, punk?' for third-world thrills please continue reading.*cough* *cough* back to normal voice.Taqueria Mexico Lindo conveniently located across the street from the mall formerly known as Sharpstown (now Plaza de Las Americas) is a Mex-Mex restaurant off the Southwest Freeway at Clarewood. Some of the authentic Mexican treasures to be found include: Tripitas (Intestines), Nopalitos (Cactus Pads) Chivo (Goat) and Queso Blanco (akin to Mozzarella).Some of the fantastic meal deals include:Grilled T-bone steak - salad, marinated onions/bell peppers, and guacamole ($7.99) Super Mexico Lindo Parillada for (4) - Grilled Beef, Chicken, Pastor, Shrimp, Tripitas, and Langostina (Prawns) $44.50.  For lunch today I go with the Molcajetada ($9.99) not knowing what to expect:Grilled Steak Adobada (red salsa with vinegar)NopalitosQueso BlancoChile Toreado (fried jalapeno pepper)Cebolleta (grilled spring onion)Ensalada (lettuce, tomato, dressing)GuacamoleAnd Corn TortillasImagine my surprise as the waitress brings the order out in a Molcajete (Mortar and Pestle tool made of stone used to grind spices, prepare salsas and guacamole). This is truly a FIVE-STAR meal. The majority of meals include standard chips and salsa, marinated spicy carrots, Charro beans for the botana and your choice of flour or corn tortillas.  Also, please remember the portion sizes are huge so either be extremely hungry or plan on having take home. At my job the running joke is that the Parillada can actually feed (8).If wish to experience delicious, authentic, and unique Mexican dishes at a fantastic price please visit Taqueria Mexico Lindo a gem of a restaurant tucked away in the Sharpstown area.(Oh BTW you don't have to worry about that Montezuma thing either :-)
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2011,1/20/2012,427,838,9,12,10>When it comes to Houston BBQ, I'm a Mike W. stalker. So when he posted up an affirmative FTR for Ray's Real Pit BBQ Shack, I was on it like Asian on rice.When I thought "Ray's", like Mike, I figured that it would be in some bungalow shack where you see the smoke rising into the air, filling your nostrils with the sweet aroma of Texas brisket. You know, like Ray's in Friday Night Lights. Instead, it's located in a gas station strip with surprisingly plush booths and a flat-screen television tuned to ESPN. Service is counter; the menu is posted in big letters for you to easily discern. The one things Mike forgot was the pictures, but don't worry bud, I got your back.As I'm always apt to do with BBQ, I picked the brisket plate. Sauce comes smothered on top, with two sides, for $8.75. They have all the standard BBQ fare--links, ribs, chicken, sides. There's more to the menu than just straight BBQ, though. There's burgers to be had (beef, turkey, and grilled chicken options), as well as (new to the menu!) season dishes.First, the brisket. Unlike the fall off the fork, savory goodness served by Thelma's or Gatlin's, Ray's brisket is firm and holds together. It almost resembles a Goode Co slice (and I say that with as little offense as possible). I used the knife frequently. Unlike Goode Co, the brisket is actually good. While the meat gets a touch dry at times, the smoke ring/char region tastes fantastic, and the slice comes with just the right amount of fat to butter up each bite. The sauce is also superior to Thelma's or Gatlin's, with a healthy blend of sweet and spicy that leaves you smacking your lips in delight.The sides were good. The mustard-based potato salad skewed heavily to the sour side, meaning plentiful injections of relish. If you're looking for your standard HEB bland-tasting potato salad, this ain't it. Beans were souped similarly tangy to the BBQ sauce, with just the right kick. The plate is served with one slice of toasted bread, cut diagonally just like mom made it, with the margarine melted in.Never would I have thought to order a fish dish at a gas station BBQ joint, but the fiance did. She was intrigued by the picture posted on the counter wall under the cashier. I'm glad she did, too. The dish is eerily reminiscent of Lafayette Seafood near Stafford (yelp.com/biz/lafayette-c), a no frills, Pappadeaux-esque heaping of seafood, butter, and lemon. The fish (catfish, most likely) was fresh, the three shrimp plump and juicy, and the lemon butter sauce divine. The dish came with a side of spicy rice, a tomato cajun-based concoction that complemented the fish perfectly. Blasphemy, perhaps, but I daresay I liked the dish (priced at $13.50) a smidgeon better than the brisket.Overall, I'm withholding the fifth star as the brisket isn't quite at the level of Thelma's or Gatlin's, but that's no insult. It's still very good, with a superior sauce, and quick and easy service. I'm all for giving five stars for the grilled fish and shrimp, though, so there's that.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2011,1/19/2012,102,148,10,12,9>You finally got me Canino Farmers market, you got me good .... after living down the street for about 4 yrs or so and having everyone and their mom tell how its THE place to buy produce and such, i finally went! It was no coincidence like most things in my tragically hip life, it took the alignment of all the stars in Andromeda (no idea where that is) me waking up at 7am on a Sat and a friend replying to my sad 7:05am text to get me here. Now as a bachelor who lives happily alone, I do not have a need for a lot of produce and food to purchase so the idea of going to a "farmers" market seems unnecessary .... although i will say er write this, my concept of farmers market is what I had encountered in mex city (el DF) so I was in no hurry to ever come here ... in el DF the markets are crazy with people selling you everything imaginable, i cringe at the thought, my moms would force me and my brother to go to these and spend hours when she could just go to La Comer but the markets are next to the old church so ... , ugh .... oh right back to Canino After another failed Friday night in the singles world at some random bar where I had the joy in meeting 2 distinct fools who wouldn't take no for an answer got home early, so when I woke well rested but a bit angry, I was ready to take on the world. my good friend texted me that she was on her way to pick me up to said market in 30 mins ... 55 mins later we were on our way, well its less then 5 mins from my place so its a quick trip. since we got here rather early, parking was no prob, here is my take of the place: its organized and cleaner then what it looks like it would be from the outside ... the avocados are cheaper .... you can barter on prices if you go to the back part of the market but i noticed that most people don't so it is not the same as el DF, some things seemed to have been refrigerated, things like cucumbers and zucchini which seems odd to me, so here is my tip, after an awkward friday night of navigating through the singles scene, it is best to go home early, get a good nights rest, wake up early and shop for some "fresh" produce early in the am and enjoy your day making refreshing salads and healthy soups
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,1/18/2012,105,95,5,9,6>I was recently convinced to take a class at Pinot's Palette. At Pinot's Palette you create a replica of a well known, or may not so know painting. Classes are given throughout the week. Weekday classes are 35 dollars and 2 hours while weekend classes are 3 hours and 45 dollars. I was there for a 3 hour weekend class. The class subject was a Van Gogh painting "Wheatfield with Cypresses." Everything you need is provided. Brushes, paints, an easel, the canvas, and an apron. The only thing you need to bring is wine/alcohol and food. I saw everything from cheese and crackers to a Whataburger combo meal. The class is split up by tables with eight seats each. Seats are assigned before class begins and your name is written on the table in chalk so you know where to sit. With eight people, tables were very cramped. I accidentally bumped a classmate's canvas multiple times. In my opinion, in elementary school I was a very talented painter (watercolor-er), so I knew I could easily reproduce a Van Gogh painting. Actually, I thought my painting would be a horrible disaster. I mentioned to a classmate that I thought my painting would turn out bad. She told me I'd be surprised at the end result. It turns out she wasn't a classmate, but was the teacher.The way the class works is everyone has a blank canvas and all the paint colors needed for the painting. The teacher is in the front with a blank canvas and the painting you are reproducing is also in front. The painting was a simplified version of the original. If you are expecting to be taught technical aspects of painting, this isn't the place for that. It's more along the lines of, watch the teacher paint, follow along, and enjoy yourself. You are free to ask questions at any time and the teacher comes around and checks your progress and gives suggestions. In the end, I thought my (everyone's) painting turned out well. It was actually a fun class that I would try again. I kind of felt out of place at the beginning of class considering the male/female ratio was around 2/30. After the painting started, that thought left my mind, save for a section of class where we were painting bushes. Lots of wine + bushes = "did she really just say that?"
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2011,1/17/2012,64,239,5,20,8>Hello. I love you. I've been an inner-looper for three years and for all that time I was unable to find a salon to call home. I've been using groupon, living social and other like companies to help in my search. There's only been a couple times of tragedy, it's just mostly been uninspired experiences at other salons. For years my hair was completely suppressed by my job, it spent 14 hour of the day up in a pony tail. When I left that job I finally had hair freedom. Being in an artistic field I expect others in an artistic field to be creative. I tried several salons and asked for something "more edgy" and what I got every time was "lets give you more layers." *sigh* I expect my stylist to be able to tell me what will look the best on me, not just ask me what I want and then look frustrated and clueless when I didn't come in with a real idea. Happily the madness is over. I have found my home at White Salon. My first visit here was with John. When I didn't come in with a plan of attack he seemed ecstatic and instantly rattled off options. Finally a creative soul! I was a little talked into blond highlights, but I could tell immediately this was someone to trust. I've never left a salon so happy and my color was gorgeous, freaking amazing! I've never received such wonder treatment under a discounted service. They have a different kind of shampoo bowl. In regular bowls I usually leave with my neck feeling achey, but these bowls are actually comfortable. Another point for them!My next visit was with Gerry, who I equally love and was equally amazing. I love getting "this is what we should do" not "so what do you want?" You can tell instantly that Gerry is very knowledgable and he left me with some freaking beautiful color as well. This is what your stylists are suppose to be like people! You want someone that knows how to conceive a creative thought and those people that don't will give you cookie cutter every time. There space is great, so fresh and so clean. I'm very into esthetics and they are too, very neat modern. What is great is that they have a huge parking lot, which is almost unheardof in this area. I have no problem with good old small business and their street parking, but when I have to drive around several times it gets frustrating to anyone. Their upstairs is where the spa area is located. I received some waxing services. The room was very comfortable. The waxing was with strips, so it hurt a little more than the hard wax, however the esthetician was very thorough and she trimmed my eyebrows without having to be asked. Thank you for paying attention to the fact that the tall eyebrow does not look good on me!I have to save a special moment here for Bruce the receptionist/client services manager. He is outstanding, the most friendliest and genuine I've ever met. This is the first person a new client mets and it sets off the best first impression. The first time I was there I had water while waiting to met John, moments later I realized from the indiscernible taste and the new rash on my hand that there was cucumber in the water. I had a great laugh with Bruce about him swearing he wasn't trying to kill me (it is really a random allergy), seriously he has the ability to talk to you like you have been friends for years. After my third trip here I got a hug on the way out, definitely home!Bottom line the people and the salon are great and it's a breath of fresh air to find a salon that warrants the prices here in the loop.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,1/16/2012,115,362,7,12,9>It was a cold, dark night indeed when I saw the 24 hour glow of Bibas on West Gray had been shuttered. The once and future independent One's a Meal moved out from this location to plant the blue and white flag on Westheimer, while Bibas retained ownership of this Montrose-area house. If you're familiar with the previous incarnation, the layout is largely the same, however the decor has been significantly updated. The main space has been cleared out, with a few tables scattered about and one long dining table in the center on a stained concrete floor, with a view of the large, open kitchen outfitted in stainless steel and granite counter tops. The additional space, in what I think of as a "sidecar," cleaves to its diner heritage and its former floorplan. The booths are all in their same locations, except where once were grimy upholstery and carpet now are shiny black and white tile and metallic fixtures. Mr. Bibas has apparently spared no expense.As for the food, Bibas offers up classic diner-style breakfasts and hearty Greek cuisine 24 hours a day. After stopping by a few different friends' birthday celebrations, I decided to give the newly re-opened Bibas a whirl. Now, I must confess my partiality to One's A Meal, but I nevertheless saw fit to patronize Bibas, you know, for research purposes. It's science. I ordered their keftedes (meatballs) appetizer and a standard gyro as a basis for comparison. The meatballs were good, though not quite as robustly seasoned as I might like, and on that count I have to give the blue ribbon to One's A Meal's keftedakia. The gyro, however, was quite good, on warm, soft pita stuffed with the savory slices of lamb and beef, with onions, tomatoes, and a creamy tzatziki sauce. I shouldn't have eaten this much at 3 AM, but, what's done is done.I'll be interested to try some of Bibas' classic Greek fare in the decidedly more upscale dining room, but the late night offerings still keep the place down to earth. The best of both worlds.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,1/15/2012,119,124,14,16,11>I'm having a heart attack.....must..... have.... one..... more.... bite of the delicious and juicy Shipley's burger before I die. Please avoid this place if you're on a diet, vegetarians, vegan or your cholesterol levels are high because you'll just cry because you can't eat the burgers.I had the Shipley's burger which was  1/2 lb of Akaushi ground meat, thick cut bacon, cheese, fried egg (suggested by the wait staff) and sandwiched between a Shipley's glazed donut for a bun to round out my unhealthy diet for the day. This burger was juicy and savory. It's such an odd combination but it work well.  The key to any good burger is the ground beef used and this place uses top ground beef!The twice cooked fries were delicious and crispy. The dipping sauces are all made in-house and so flavorful. They have specialty soft drinks (made from real sugars) too. The place is very small and the lines do wrap outside the door but, people eat pretty fast (the wait isn't that long). The service is excellent, fast and knowable about their burgers (especially the cute blonde one). They do have seasonal burger menu that changes too. I could only eat this place once every few months but I'll gladly gain a few pounds to throw down one of these burgers. Note: Yo! Vegetarians and vegans keep away as there might be animal favors in everything including the air inside. =P
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2011,1/14/2012,269,274,8,14,13>I loath any trip to a mall and especially The Galleria.  My wife on the other hand loves the mall and loves Nordstrom, so we always end up at this end of the galleria.  I had seen the E-Tao space already fail as two other eatery concepts, so when I saw this one going up I just assumed it was going to be your typical food court Chinese food. I pictured rows of steam pans simmering with lemon chicken or beef and broccoli served on a plastic plates.About a month ago I noticed  the costumers walking in were mostly Asian and they would disappear inside.  I just assumed it was counter service.  I went to take a look inside and was taken back by the kitchen and an actual full service restaurant behind it.  I saw all the Dim Sum going out, pork bun, pork and shrimp Siu Mai, dumplings in a broth, and the soup dumplings.Fast forward to last weekend, the wife asks if I could go with her to the mall. I say "sure but we have to have lunch in the mall" she says "I don't think that's a good idea, maybe if it's Nordstrom"I respond "nope, if you want me to go we have to go to E-Tao"her response is typical "E-What....oh OK lets get going I'm hungry"As we're walking up to E-Tao I could tell her impression of this place was the same as mine, she had never paid much attention to it. The greeter was super friendly.  We are seated and promptly greeted by our waiter asking what we would like to drink. I look over to the wife and her expression is that of pure joy "look at the dumpling selection". My daughter yells out "I want shrimp dumpling mommy". needless to say 1-12 of the Dim Sum menu ended up on our table for 3. we made complete fools of ourselves. Our favorites were the Szechuan Shrimp Dumplings in a Spicy Peanut Sauce, Shanghai Soup Dumplings and the Steamed Vegetable Dumplings. So Delicious! My daughter was a huge fan of the Shrimp Dumpling Har Gow and the BBQ Pork Bun.  We also had a chance to try a few of the soups. The wife thought the Hot and Sour was OK, she preferred the Classic Wonton Soup and Thai Tom Yum Soup. The Wonton had 5 shrimp wontons that looked more like Siu Mai.  E-Tao version of Tom Yum was good, they added bamboo slices, water chestnuts, and baby corn. I prefer the Tom Yums at Bangkok Chef or Kanomwan, but if I'm able to enjoy a good Tom Yum with Dim Sum that's a real treat.It looks like the wife and The Galleria have won this battle, because I crave this restaurant, which means I have to go to the mall.  I'm looking forward to trying some of their Signature dishes. This is one review I'm looking forward to updating.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,1/13/2012,38,362,7,13,12>Laurenzo's strikes a balance between fancy steakhouse and casual family restaurant and does it just right. My meal wasn't absolutely perfect, but there was so much to like here that I think less than 5 stars would be a disservice.The open kitchen near the entrance was a good sign. One chef seemed focused solely on making french dip sandwiches - and they looked good, a definite must-try next time. Although crowded, the restaurant was comfortable and not overly noisy - lots of wood, interesting lighting, and plenty of sports memorabilia. A curious choice in my view but it doesn't distract. Service was absolutely first rate. Our server was dealing with a large party nearby, but another server seamlessly stepped in and between the two of them, we got immaculate service from start to finish. We split a noodle salad with chicken, mango, and spinach to start. It was nice, especially the flavorful chicken. The dressing was a bit of a letdown, a mild lime vinaigrette that was supposed to have some peanut sauce in it. Good but not great. I got a marinated ribeye served with a slice of grilled pineapple and poblano cheese rice. The ribeye was good, the rice was tasty as well but I expected more cheese to it. David pronounced his prime rib possibly the best he's ever had, and seeing as the occasion was his 48th birthday, he's been around a while and knows his prime rib. It was served au jus with a nice horseradish sauce and a baked potato. We were debating four versus five stars and said the chocolate bread pudding we ordered for dessert would determine Laurenzo's fate. It was superb. More of a pudding cake I would say, not the very best bread pudding I've ever had, but the flavor was great, and it was about twice as big as I expected. Also the sauce was wonderful, I was still spooning it up after the pudding was long gone.Laurenzo's isn't the pinnacle of dining in Houston, but as a casual place where you can get a really fine meal, I think it rates very highly.Update following a second visit: Possibly the best French Dip I've ever had. Wonderful flavor, soft bread with just a bit of crunch, served with delicious au jus and creamy horseradish. Service for the second time in a row, was friendly and flawless. A very solid five stars.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2011,1/12/2012,267,368,6,6,4>I brought my wife on a Sunday afternoon...dying to try their brunch menu. I promised my wife chicken and waffles...and promising something to the woman that just delivered your baby is equal to giving your pinkie in shame because you screwed up something for your Yakuza boss.Long story short, I arrived late at 3PM and brunch ended at 2PM. After asking if they have anything left int he kitchen from their brunch menu, the waiter promptly replied that they throw everything out immediately after 2pm. I am guessing hearsay has never heard of refrigeration. After arguing with the wife in silence (wrap your head around that!) I convinced her to stay and order something off the menu. We ordered the burger and Ceasar Salad...and luckily the food came out quickly.After cutting the burger in half, I took one bite and fell in love. The bun is the greatest thing ever...and the bacon, cheese, and meat went perfect together! The Caesar salad was also good...with fresh lettuce and croutons and a great Ceasar dressing. Bottom line, I cannot give this place five stars until I try the brunch...which means I either have to arrive before 2pm next time or buy Hearsay a new refrigerator!By the way, Hearsay is located in one of two historic building downtown...pretty cool!
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,1/11/2012,387,597,11,12,10>Wow. Really loved this place. It was such a surprise for an non-native like myself. They have haute hot dogs without the attitude or hefty price tag. It's just pure goodness. It was a slow night and 2 dogs took about 20-30 minutes. Normally, I abhor waiting but the shabby comfortable backyard just made everything seem OK. This place was just so "Texas" to me -- a shack, hosted by a bearded tattoo covered man behind a bar serving mostly local beers, with a huge backyard dotted with picnic tables. The mural really helped the 'proud to be in Texas' atmosphere. The pretzel bread was amazing! I could eat just that alone! The pheasant and duck dogs done up "chef's way" were outstanding. Everything was done perfectly. I was thoroughly impressed. I wish there was a broader selection of beers. Hailing from Michigan, I tend to favor much heavier beers. But lagers and IPAs dominated the menu. I suppose it goes with the heat, but I try to live by a nothing less than 6% ABV beer rule. Silly, I realize. Beware of flying horseshoes being thrown by people drunker than you. Native Chicagoan and hot dog connoisseur approved. *stamp*
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,1/10/2012,540,73,20,19,17>This time I didn't go for Aggie Happy Hour, I just went on a regular Friday night.CROWD: not gonna lie, a little wackily diverse. I noticed a lot of foreigners, like oversea foreigners...German, Italian, etc. Good news for dudes though - LOTS OF HOT FEMALES. I don't know if it was just that kind of night or what but def were a lot of girl groups. starting at 11:30ish the place was consistently packed 'till 2am.PARKING: still blows. They have a lot that costs $20 but if you arrive before 10pm it's free I think? But who's going to do that..I had to get there around 10:15 to work a beer promo and got a spot 2 streets back which wasn't too bad.BARTENDERS: were great. Go there, buy drinks from Daniel, and tip him heartily :)POOL: wait what? Haha this is a unique addition that I don't hate, it's actually kind of cool. I'm not going to get in of course on a hot night out -  after spending an hour+ on my hair, but it was fun to watch the mermaid they had in there swim around :)I like that there's a lot of places to go here, if that makes sense. There's three sections to this place, including an outside area, and it's just nice having a variety of bars to get a drink from, various types of seating, elevated flooring, and other things like that to wander all around.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,1/9/2012,556,161,10,19,18>Sometimes a meal is more than a meal. It can make you smile, or have a fit, or sometimes it can take you by surprise and leave you speechless - as goes Kris Bistro. After going to the soft opening I just can't wait for this restaurant to really open so it get can the recognition it deserves. The food was INCREDIBLE and the word "best" was heard more than once at my table (all people at my table being very serious food lovers and cooks).Kris Bistro is located inside of the Culinary Institute of Le Notre. The outside is a little grungy and parking is a pain, but they are still working on it so no worries. Don't be discouraged from the outside or you'll miss out on something great. The restaurant itself is dark (in a good way) and has good mood lighting with open spaces to sit and look out into the space, or corners that let you feel more private and away from groups. We sat in a darker corner that gave us a nice view of the kitchen working hard through big glass windows, and Chef Kris, himself, garnishing plates from the hydroponic herb garden. I brought my own wine and our servers jumped on getting us glasses right away. From this point on just assume that the service was spot on the whole night.We started off with freshly baked bread and whipped butter, which was refilled promptly the whole night. Next came the appetizers - Escargots in Pomme Dauphine Kromesky (imagine the goodness of escargot in a potato beignet) and the Crispy Sweet Breads. They were both delicious. The sweetbreads were the BEST I've ever had, hands down, no contest. My salad came next and had greens, goat milk feta, and shrimp with an herb vinaigrette. The shrimp were so perfectly cooked and cleaned that they looked something out of a picture. The tomatoes garnishing the plate were so juicy and sweet that we had a whole conversation about just the tomatoes.Here were the entrees I got to try: Smoked Beef with Fried Spatzel, Grilled Hanger Steak with Potato Puree, and Poached & Pan Seared Pork Tenderloin with Bourbon Glazed Peaches & Slaw on top of a Polenta Corn Cake. My friends beef entrees were cooked perfectly and very flavorful. I found myself trying to trick them into giving me more samples. The fried spatzel blew my friend's mind as he'd never had them any other way besides boiled. My pork wasn't cooked to perfection but the glazed peach on top of the polenta corn cake??? Best polenta I've ever had for sure. I wasn't super satisfied with my pork so they brought me mussels in garlic, shallot, parsley, and white wine sauce. I massacred those mussels till there was no trace of mussels left. I am salivating at the thought of these mussels. You should be able to order these mussels by the pound, they're so good.My experience was so good that I came back 2 days later to eat again. The next time I had Pan Roasted Salmon glazed in Lavender with a Tian of Summer Vegetables. Again, perfectly cooked salmon with lots of complex sauces going on around the plate. I left a happy camper once again.Did I mention that every tiny thing is made in house from scratch? Down to the curry ketchup and red pepper coulis, everything is fresh. What else would you expect from a kitchen full of trained chefs? And the best part? The prices are SO reasonable...  Kris Bistro is like a diamond in the rough - hidden inside of a dingy place is the best French restaurant in Houston.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2011,1/8/2012,367,667,8,9,8>Yes, I will admit, I was scared.  It was my Brazilian, and I braced myself for the worst. I can easily insert several inappropriate jokes, but I will just get to it.  It was super easy getting an appointment, and finding the place.  They are located near the Main Street Theater on Montrose. First off Becky seriously knows her stuff.  She made me feel COMPLETELY at ease, which says a lot when you are butt naked spread eagle.  She chatted with me the ENTIRE time, explained the process, the side effects (minimal) She joked, was professional, and although it did hurt a bit, it wasn't NEARLY as bad as what people say.  Hey! Pain is beauty!  This place, is super spotless, girly, and they had me waxed in less than 30 minutes.  Would HIGHLY recommend Becky  to anyone, well worth it!
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2011,1/7/2012,265,191,9,14,13>On UFC fight nights, my group of friends can usually be found in one place watching the festivities: Woodrow's midtown. It wasn't our favorite and we hated the lack of liquor & food but we made do because it was a convenient central location for all. However, a month or two ago we were invited to try out Hefley's and we were instant fans.I'm not exactly the "let's pound some beers at a sports bar" type of girl but Hefley's is a hit with me and my friends. The upstairs bar (and basically, the two tables in front of the giant TV) have become our little spot to watch sport and fight events. The bartenders serve mean Tanqueray & tonics but can also "girly" up a shot when needed. And the food...where do I begin? The last fight night , our group of 15 ordered rounds and rounds of wings, onion rings, fried mushrooms, fried pickles, pizza, burgers...you name it and we ate it!The standout bar food that we can all agree on here are the honey bourbon wings. When the group knows we're headed to Hefley's for the weekend all everyone can talk (& Tweet) about are several variations of "craving Hefley's honey bourbon wings," "lemming for those wings," and my all time favorite, "saving my Weight Watchers points for those damn wings!" They're that delicious and if you're lucky, they may just be 25 cents for the night!And lastly, for the ladies out there, the upstairs women's restroom at Hefley's is CLEAN. What more could one ask for.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2011,1/6/2012,343,368,15,12,13>This little Torchy of mine, I'm gonna let it shine, let it shine, let it shine.  The sinfully good Austin taco eatery is finally here.  A couple friends and I just got back from the soft opening and it was a smashing success.  All the flavors I remember from that little trailer in south Austin flooded my heart, mind, and tummy with so many delicious memories.  What kind of Longhorn would I be if I didn't snag this FTR?The two tacos that set fire to my loins are the Crossroads and the Democrat.  The brisket in the Crossroad is smoked full of flavor and has a little crunch that will make your teeth do a little dance.  The shredded beef in the Democrat will even make the staunchest Republican a supporter of Obama.  The Trailer Park is rockin' too.  "Get it trashy" and Torchy's will add queso to your Britney Spears.. I mean.. fried chicken.  The Green Chile Pork, Fried Avocado, and Baja Shrimp are good as well.The gooey Green Chile Queso and/or creamy Guacamole are great dips for your crunchy fresh tortilla chips.  I also had a chance today to try a little nookie, deep-fried chocolate chip cookies with powdered sugar and cherries?  Who needs the Texas State Fair anymore?The workers all had a smile on their face and were tremendously helpful.  We got a couple of high fives.  Just for a second it made me feel like I was back in the wonderful city of Austin.  Torchy's Taco is a little beacon of light that even the boogeyman Houston can't blow it out.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,1/5/2012,251,713,11,19,14>I had a great birthday here.  Well, I had a wonderful time hanging out with a varied assortment of friends.  A See's Candies (keep it local) assortment of friends, if you will.My growing group of twenty-five friends overwhelmed the staff.  We took over two-thirds of the porch, and got exceptionally varied service.  It was a bit more expensive than I would have liked.  I asked a whole bunch of people to celebrate my birthday at a pricey joint and I wasn't too keen on my food.  I got the Chicken Tikka Masala.  It tried it's damnedest to not be Scotch* Indian Food, but rather River Oaks Indian food, and failed.  I also shared a plate of braised short rib samosas, because how often do you see that on the menu.  More than likely, you'll be seeing lots of items with braised short ribs, it seems to be the new meat fad at present.  They were a bit boring.  Really, don't bother.My drinks were okay, but nothing was nirvana-esque.I was mildly embarrassed that I'd suggested the place to SO many of my friends in this tough economy.  Even if we ALL wanted to try the place out.  Even though we are all foodies of some caliber.  I was a bit embarrassed.  Hey, it was my party, I can feel awkwardly responsible if I wanna.I was still convinced that I'd just ordered incorrectly; I should have gone with my first instinct.  My first instinct wasn't kidding around.I returned recently, and ordered what I'd originally considered.  Baby Bibb Salad with Tandoori Shrimp and a Negroski (Negroni with vodka instead of Gin). Fan-bleeding-tastic.Oh, my bill came out to more than I would have liked, but then that's also because I ordered a glass of wine to accompany my salad and a plate of the third best crab cakes I've ever eaten.  (No ones going to be able to top any of the ones I've eaten in NOLA or Mockingbird Bistro's Crab Cake Eggs Benedict.)  All crab, the only breading was on the outside.  Folks, this is one of THE best salads in town.  Bibb lettuce, boiled quail eggs, English Cukes (very few seeds), loads of perfect grape tomatoes, candied walnuts, blue cheese, and yogurt dill dressing.  With four or five happily spiced shrimps.  I'll go back again soon.  I think it came to $13 with the addition of the shrimp.I mentioned the crab cakes, let me expand.  They were the size of hush-puppies.  In fact, one would have mistaken them for hush-puppies by glancing at the little balls of crab.  (That sounds like a very uncomfortable disease.)  They were great.  The sauces were great.  If you ever find yourself at Queen Vic's and they are on the special menu, try them.My bill came to more than I would have liked, but thanks to that glorious salad, the perfect Negroski, our infallible waiter, and the cute bartenders that delivered our drinks, I didn't mind.  Terribly.*Chicken Tikka Masala was thrown together in Scotland, not India.  It is a Scottish dish.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2011,1/4/2012,90,322,2,10,5>This is the lounge formerly known as Loggia.  It's still a chic lounge, but with better furniture (thank goodness the new owners got rid of the uncomfortable Ikea chairs).  I love the chandeliers and am happy that they kept most of their TVs including their two massive projector screens.  I hope they continue to show fights and sporting events.My friends and I went during their soft opening.First - drinks of course.My girlfriend had a very dirrrrrrty martini and said it was perfect.  My husband ordered a Long Island and we both loved it.  It actually tasted good and didn't have that rubbing alcohol flavor that I've experienced in college.  I had a pineapple mojito cocktail that was quite tasty; just enough sweetness.  The cocktails were $6-$8 each and not skimpy on the alcohol.We started with the tasting plate where you can pick 4 appetizers (four pieces each) for about $20 regular price.Sweet potato samosas:  5/5 - I was surprised by this combination because I grew up eating the regular potato kind, but I loved the slight sweetness of the sweet potato mixed with the spices.  Delicious!Saigon rolls:  4/5 - pretty standard shrimp and chicken fried rolls; nice flavor with the shrimp and no 'filler' veggies.Beef satay:  5/5 - the beef was very tender and the Thai peanut sauce was as good as the one my mom makes.  I liked that the beef skewers had bite-sized pieces so you didn't have to worry about ripping off the meat (not so pretty).Lollipops:  5/5 - the meat was flavored nicely and not too sweet as some I've tried at other restaurants.I'd like to try the lamb samosas next time.  I can't wait until they start their happy hours.  I was told it's 1/2 off appetizers.  I would gladly make a meal out of that.Now on to the main course:Short Rib Massaman Curry:  5/5 - my friend and I both ordered this.  SOOOO YUMMY!  The beef was incredibly tender and not fatty.  It's got a curry, peanutty flavor.  If you like the Thai paneang curry, you will LOVE this dish.  It was accompanied with some veggies that were marinated in the sauce (but not too many filler veggies :).  I asked for a side of rice because I'm Asian and we eat curry with rice!  I would also recommend ordering it spicy.Pad Thai:  5/5 - delicious with nice sized shrimp; nice portion size.Prosciutto Wrapped Chicken:  3/5 - I'm not a fan of chicken dishes, however the panko crust gave it the perfect crunchiness.We were stuffed but were told that we had to order dessert and we were glad we did.  The creme brulee was so yummy!  I was more a fan of the traditional style than the chocolate but I loved the biscotti to scoop it.Ambiance:  5/5 - When the weather is nice, they open it up to the outside.  I like that it's smoke-free (unlike Baker's Street).  Service:  5/5 - The staff was very knowledgeable on the menu which was very helpful.  I hate it when you ask the server about a dish and they've never tried it.  I'm really excited to have a new restaurant to go to.  Living in the 'burbs, you can only take so much Olive Garden and Tex Mex.**update**We went back and ordered a few more items during the soft opening.Pla Taud:  5/5 - This is very authentic in flavor and original in presentation.  You get the WHOLE fish, however the fish has been fileted so you don't have to mess with the bones.  My mom and I devoured the entire dish, including the fish head.  THE BEST!!!  There is a slightly sweet flavor to the sauce and we added some chile to give it a kick.Lamb Samosas:  4/5 - these were delicious, but the sweet potato is my favorite!Nachos (requested with the oven dried beef):  4/5 - could use more cheese; the oven dried beef was a suggestion from our waitress and such a unique touch.  I would definitely order this again.And the drinks were spot on again.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,1/3/2012,305,198,18,15,14>The only delivery my parents would allow when I was growing up was pizza. I didn't realize that Chinese delivery was completely normal until I was 16. I always thought it was something that you only saw in movies, or only happened in other cities. There was absolutely no way to get Chinese delivered to your door in Katy... or so I thought until my very first job. I saw General Tso Chicken sitting out on a counter top in the break room and asked, "Where did this come from?"Fast forward to today and Chinese food is still a rare occurrence. Naturally, it isn't a surprise that China Cottage has been right around the corner this entire time and I never knew about it.Recently my little brother left the nest I fled from previously to come and stay with me and this Monday was his first day of school. I got wrapped up in work and practically crashed when I got home. I was too tired to cook and didn't feel like ordering pizza, so I brainstormed for a bit and remembered that Chinese restaurants deliver!When I found China Cottage's menu online, I was satisfied. I casually let it slip that I needed extra menus because I worked in a leasing office and put a welcome packet together for all my new residents with menus for local restaurants and business listings. I was excited when they threw in an order of potstickers on the house for advertising for them. I was impressed when they showed up at my door in less than 15 minutes. When I finally stuffed my face with delicious moo shu pork, cho mein, potstickers and crab rangoons, I was happy.To quote my brother when he tried the first crab rangoon of his life, "Daaaaayum that's good!"
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,1/2/2012,172,157,3,14,8>In this gas-guzzling-car-loving,flooring-the-gas pedal town.Main St in Kemah is an abrupt change of pace. To my delight, the slower speedsallow cruisers, vacationers, even localsan opportunity to enjoy the warmth and windsof spring. How I enjoyed rolling the windowsdown taking it all in: historical sites and local shops.Milk Pail received a major makeoverat some point. See the transformationin the pics to view the renovated dining space.With bows around chairs and formal table setting, it's elegant enough to befrom a special event magazine.Romantic tunes with Andrea Bocelliand others made the atmosphere ofthis teahouse relaxing and peaceful.The salt and pepper shakerscame from miniture tea pots with a look-at-me floral pattern. Cute!My delicious appetizer was aserving of spinach dip over acrusty toasted herbed slice ofbread. The contrast of texturesand compatible flavors made mytastebuds happy. It foreshadowedthe things to come from the kitchen.I dived into my meal soon after it wasplaced before me. My special camepresented rather uniquely: Soup, scooped into a tea cupSalad, laid over a leaf of romaineBread, placed parallel to each otherThe special I ordered came with chicken waldorf salad. The Waldorfsalad was a creamy combination of grapes, apples, chicken, and spices.It was perfect in my book.The crusty herbed bread was great,but I felt self conscience eating it asit seemed to have a reasonating crunchin this quiet space. hahaThe wild rice soup with chicken wasdisappointing; it tasted fresh fromthe can. I'd say Campbell's made it.As a proverb in Spanish would say,"hunger is a bad adviser." For my dessert, I had the chocolate ganachecake. It was moist chocolatey bit crumbly.The toffee bits added a nice crunch.I resisted the urge to request a slice to go;it was so yummy.Upstairs there are a wide assortment of gifts:jewelry, tea pots, lsu/atm branded items, greetingcards, even purses (by Jimmy Choo and Guess).The diaper towers are colorful.So worth giving to a mother to be.Fellow yelper, Katherine S.,recommended the Milk Pail.And I am so glad I came.This charming restaurantprovides good food, great service,nice atmosphere, and a unique shopping experience.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2011,1/1/2012,153,144,5,12,8>You can find Prohibition in a very unassuming location, next to SAKS and the Galleria but on the outside facing Westheimer.  There's a parking lot in front that charges $6 which I thought was ridiculous considering there were only 6 cars in the parking lot and about 45 more spaces.  For free parking, there's an underground Galleria lot which have stairs that will take you up to the Prohibition entrance from the inside.As for the actual bar, I absolutely loved the atmosphere here.  The decor is wood-accented, 1920s-esque, with cocktail waitresses wearing flapper dresses.  Although some may consider this a hoity toity bar or too yuppie, I think it's a great place to bring a date, celebrate a special occasion, or hangout with a group of friends.  There's a row of booths that line the back wall as well as some tables inside and on the patio.  The upstairs area has a second bar and more couches/lounging areas, but it wasn't finished quite yet when I was there.Now to get to the good stuff.... The best thing about Prohibition are their mixologists.  If you're tired of getting the usual rum&coke, vodka tonic, gin & tonic, etc at bars, you should definitely come here.  There's a menu with about 30 unique cocktails that vary in flavors.  However, if you still can't figure something out, the bartenders are able to make other suggestions based on what flavors or liquor type you prefer, and if it isn't to your liking, the next drink of your choice will usually be on them.  I LOVED the French 750 -- a unique take on the French 75 with Tanqueray gin, strawberries, and pop rocks.  Then I tried a unique take on the margarita -- the Cinnarita, which was also delicious.  My friend had the Eucalyptus Martini which was an interesting blend of earthy & fresh flavors.  Finally, we had a shot of their Absinthe.  It was fluorescent green, just as in the scene from Moulin Rouge but minus all the hallucinogens.  It tasted like scope mouthwash + licorice, with the burn of 151...never again.Overall,  this is a lovely bar that I will definitely go to again.  I know it's only been open about a week, but I hope they will consider holding a happy hour or reverse HH to draw in more business.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,12/31/2011,77,240,6,12,10>Solid, consistent Thai food with sushi on offer too. The service is very friendly and they really do pay attention when you ask for spicy etc. I think they do get a little bit ragged when the lunch crowd is at it's peak but just before and after they are spot on. We arrived long after the special was over and they still honored it, it is excellent value and the pad see ew with extra spice is wonderfully tasty and well made. I did not know they honor the Q card discount, I wonder if this counts if you stroll in from your loft?The bathroom is nice and clean and they have made an effort to make it look nice, so there is a plus for Houston's own picky bathroom woman.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2011,12/30/2011,439,285,4,10,9>Ah yes, Space Cadets Collection Collection:  I have found my new favourite store!  Nestled in a quiet neighbourhood near The Woodlands sits this quaint little store.  Outside, in huge letters were written "Pokemon" and thus, I went inside!  And man, what a selection!  An entire section devoted to Pokemon!  There were plushies, games, cards, and just about everything you could want as a Pokemon Collector!  They also had an awesome comic book selection as well as other geeky toys such as Star Wars, and other things.  And if they don't have it, they'll see if they can find it for you!  I'll be back for sure, and because they have so much stuff here, I'll be back several times :) Space Cadets Collection Collection, I love you guys!
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2011,12/29/2011,137,234,8,14,12>What can you say about this place? They do it more right then the rest of the places, who already did it pretty right. Obrigado. Hyper attentive service without seeming overbearing can be a difficult balance to strike, especially when there is a sign on your table indicating that you want the service to be there, but they manage it deftly here. All the usual churrascaria meat suspects are here, and they're in good form. Stand outs were ribeye, sirloin, (surprisingly) chicken. The beef rib, however, was one of the most delicious things I've had anywhere. Ask for it specifically, and someone will come slice a giant chunk of it for you.  They also do a great job with ambiance. It's a huge restaurant with a lot going on, but you can still have an intimate, fine dining experience. And it's less expensive than its competitors. The salad bar looks nice, but leave that stuff for the herbivores. This place is all about the meat, and don't forget it.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,12/28/2011,16,49,2,8,7>There is really nothing wrong with this place. It is a bagel shop at its finest. We have taken all of our out of town guests here and no one has EVER been disappointed. You can get fresh, homemade bagels and cream cheese of any kind as well as bagel dogs, bagel pizzas and bagel sandwiches. It's pretty amazing.. .as told by the long line you can find most every morning. The prices are also ridiculously affordable... I have to say that sometimes if they are really busy, the bagel isn't as toasted as I would prefer, but the quality really has never disappointed. I have gotten many different kinds of bagels and creamcheese. The veggie literally has chunks of veggie - pepper, brocoli... just amazing.... and the strawberry creamcheese is sweet with delicious chunks of berries. If you like bagels, i can't see how you wouldn't like this place. there's limited seating outside, so we usually grab our bfast and bring it home (bonus: you can toast it yourself!) or to a local coffee shop...
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,12/27/2011,150,374,3,11,10>I had these guys cater my birthday party and I can say it was hands-down a HUGE hit. I've been to one of their first "openings" and the food has gotten 300% better. New to the menu are sliders (angus beef w/mushrooms, chopped bbq chicken and pulled pork). The frito pie dog is probably my favorite of all of them though. The bbq chicken slider was solid - not too much sauce and good flavor.From a catering perspective, how much easier can it be than having good, fun food show up in a self-contained kitchen on wheels? Chris and Rodney did a great job making sure everyone got their orders and keeping the food coming. I would definitely have them again anytime!
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2011,12/26/2011,117,159,7,11,8>So I guess the Aggies finally got something right...hehehe! There is a never ending fight to find good barbecue in Houston and I must say that Brisket House is right there on the top of my Houston barbecue list. I went there with pretty high expectations, everyone had been raving to me how awesome this place was and how succulent the barbecue taste. I ordered the three meat dinner which came with two sides. I decided to go with the pork ribs, brisket, spicy sausage, and the cashier recommended the cream corn and baked potato salad. The food came out quickly and the portion sizes were not too bad but I wish they would have given me a little more sausage. My absolute most favorite item were the pork ribs, oh my goodness how delicious! The ribs were seasoned just right with a tangy and spicy combination, and when you bit into them they fell right off of the bone. These ribs were so good that the sauce almost did them a disservice and the BBQ sauce was actually pretty damn good. These ribs were good enough to place 1st at the Rodeo Barbecue Cook-off and that is no small task! And as far as the rest of the BBQ plate, well we're just talking about mouth watering brisket and very savory spicy sausage. And as for the sides, my favorite was the baked potato salad, it was very creamy, rich, and complimented the barbecue very well. The cream corn was also really good, very tasty.  Well as a Husker it hard for me to say anything to nice about Aggies, however they sure do know how to make great barbecue. So that in itself will make me forget all the reasons why I don't like them....at least while I eat at Brisket House!
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2011,12/25/2011,124,267,,8,6>Casual and fun upscale quality eatery. Upon entering you immediately notice this is a very mini gourmet market. Their focus is on their prepared gourmet quality foods and their casual dining stations. The overall size of the establishment with the dining areas is medium with  nice indoor seating  and a covered outdoor seating area when filled can be noisy. Wood grilled burgers or build your own - 6 to 10 oz Oak grilled entrees for lunch/dinner Gourmet hot and cold sandwiches Chef's case of prepared gourmet foods - choices of proteins, vegetables and carbs all a la carte Salad Bar - 65 items (proteins included) Soups - 8 house made choices Gourmet desserts Coffee and drink bar Gelato station Free flavored waters such as cucumber and citrus Breakfast available 6am to 10:30am Griddle items Omelets regular or build your own Breakfast sandwiches Benedicts Breakfast burritos regular or build your own I had the Cowboy burger which is a fresh lean 8 oz beef patty w/cheddar cheese, applewood smoked bacon, avocado slices, jalapenos, onions, spinach leaves and tomato slices on a brioche bun. I ordered my burger medium. It was lean, smaller than the bun and did not have the ooze factor. My grilled onions I requested were warm white onions with black charring marks not caramelized. No mayo or sauce on bun. The burger was good regardless. It had the healthy taste to it which I think is more their style. Healthier food choices. Also served with burger were steak fries. Big and yummy with very soft insides not greasy at all. $7.50 for this Hubby had the 10 oz dry aged sirloin burger with applewood smoked bacon, white cheddar, grilled onions, oven dried tomatoes and pickle with the steak fries. He ordered his burger med well and it was dry and not juicy at all.  His latte was very good. $9.50 + latte.  So why 4 stars?  Believe burgers have more potential - try ordering med rare to get that juicy/ooze factor.  I believe they use 85/15 beef.Great gourmet menu variety!!! Healthy food choicesRelaxed fun atmosphereFriendly and professional station employees and cashier Line gets out the door - go early +
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,12/24/2011,159,62,4,13,11>The sushi rolls are cut into big fat slices with plenty of tuna/salmon inside the rice. I forget the last sushi I had but the pieces were so tiny, but not here at all.I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki plate along with several rolls, spicy tuna, spicy salmon, and the philly roll. Those are my simple faves that are just basic, and do not have all of the sweet sauce decor artsy jive on them.The interior is very nice! And they have some really awesome multi-colored lighting across the whole ceiling of the restaurant which made the experience more relaxing.I will surely return here. Especially since they have a great HH menu for three dollar rolls and drinks as well. Believe it!
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,12/23/2011,687,439,12,14,11>I have been around this place for awhile and knew that it was a piece of Houston history but crankin up my geekdom I was watching a marathon of "How the States Got Their Shapes" and hot diggity... is that West Alabama Ice House?Indeed it was.So history lesson for the ignorant like myself, this place has been around since the 1920's where it was a place to get your ice.  Oh.  Obvious.  And to get your little grocery items and to generally hang out because... hey it's freakin hot in Houston and an ice house is... well cold.  So this little place has got it all: history, charm, a dog that will come by and say hello (no he can't take your order... yet anyway), and that beloved Taco truck next to it.  Ladies, if you're a germaphobe like me... beware of the bathroom and tinkle before you enter the premises and hold if you can.  But otherwise... an iconic part of Houston for sure!
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2011,12/22/2011,447,558,3,8,7>When I was looking for a house in Houston, a realtor mentioned Cedar Creek as a selling point for the neighborhood, so I decided to investigate. This restaurant alone didn't sell me on the area, but the huge patio and deck space and fun atmosphere do make this restaurant a great asset to the Shady Acres section of The Heights.  Cedar Creek offers a great place to relax and have a reasonably priced drink with friends or enjoy some tasty food. They have a full bar, but  I've only ordered wine or beer.  The selection is good though (at least 25 beers were on tap), and on a weeknight, I must have hit happy hour because my glass of wine was only $4. The best thing I've eaten here is a burger. They have some pretty inspired combinations, but my favorite is the Blue Hog, which is a burger topped with blue cheese and bacon.  DELICIOUS.  Texas Frito Pie is worth trying, too. Fritos are topped with chili, cheese, onion, jalapeno, and sour cream.  I shared it with my husband, and we both thought it was the perfect companion to a few beers we were enjoying that afternoon. The Country Platter appetizer (fried tomatoes, pickles, mushrooms, and jalapenos) was nothing to write home about but definitely not bad.I've only had one negative experience here.  I waited 75 minutes for my burger. But it was a gorgeous Sunday afternoon, and I was enjoying the patio, so it wasn't actually that terrible.  If I'd been hungrier, I would have been pretty irritated though.  That ridiculous wait time only happened once, so I think it was probably a fluke.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,12/21/2011,364,610,3,8,9>Can a dining experience put a song in your heart? Can it make you feel all warm inside, like a blanket of yum wrapped around your tummy? Can the service make you feel like a Victorian potentate yet also feel like you and your love are the only two people in the room? Dining at Chez Nous did this for me ( and my hubby) tonight.Our trip to Chez Nous has been almost a year in the making. We intended upon dining there last year around the 25th, but that week and indeed the next two weeks turned into Dyin' Time for our families. Once all was said and done, we didn't have the heart to go for a special evening. This year, we made Valentine's dinner reservations and anticipation set in.We arrived annoyingly early, as normal. We took a few pics and then were shown in by the sweet hostess. She was lovely and gracious. The restaurant is in an old home and has morphed into a quaint cottage d'cuisine. The decor is French stlye sort of run through an American filter. It is soothing and reminiscent of what your French granny's house looked like, if you had a French granny.  Chez Nous service is flawless from the second you walk in. It is never pretentious nor they assume everyone there knows French cuisine. No one looks down on a diner if they have questions or special requests. The staff is there to make your dinner as pleasant as possible. They try to anticipate your needs without being too obtrusive.  Although many are young, they are professional in their service. I felt like a baronness.For starters, my hub and I had foie gras. It is goose foie gras, which is much more silky and delicate than duck. It is served with apple and a lovely sauce, all warm and sumptuous. The tiny toast points are a perfect carrier for the buttery goodness.  Next, I had a salad of sliced heirloom tomatoes with a little quennelle of herbed goat cheese. It was a blissfully light salad, set off by a Dijon dressing, shredded spring onions, and a tiny tad of pickeled fennel. This simple salad was spring in my plate and summer in my mouth.  For dinner I had the duck breast and duck leg confit. It was heavenly. Now, I must say that I was recently in France and discovered confit to be one of my favorite foods. Because of this, I think I could have skipped even this lovely, well cooked duck breast and just taken another leg. It is just so good. The side of shepherds pie seems odd, but it is so wonderful, you don't care. My husband ordered the rack of lamb, which is carved at table side. It was tender and delicately flavored. The sauce was silken, savory sinfulness in the plate.  His small side of veg was transcendent from the terrible vegetable medley. It was beautifully prepared little cameo appearances by some major culinary stars: carrots, haricot vert, and soft, fluffy potatoes piped onto the plate using a pastry bag and start tip.  We ate till we knew we had to stop or regret ourselves later. We also wanted dessert. Dessert we got. He got the bruleed banana cheese cake. I got the walnut tart with home-made vanilla-Jack Daniels ice-cream. Sweet angelic choirs of flavor sang to me in the pairing of ice-cream and nutty tart. The subtle and natural banana flavor in my husband's cheesecake was sublime.Along with my dinner, I had a beautiful white wine to go with my salad, a Sauterne to go with the foie gras, and a pino noir with the duck.  The staff were more than happy to help me select wines I would like, not just wines they thought should be paired with my food.This was one of the most pleasant and flavorful dining experiences ever. It was, I believe the best one I have had in the Houston area. It may be the best I have had in the US. If you have a reason to celebrate or just want to enjoy food and service that is as good as it gets, gather your love, your friends, or just yourself and get over to Chez Nous.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,12/20/2011,73,202,8,11,10>I rarely go to the movies since I can't stand loud talkers and LED light texting during a movie, but when I do want to see a film this is my spot. The River Oaks Theatre is a a charming art-deco theater that feels like an upscale art-house. In addition to the standard concession counter offerings, they have a full bar on the 2nd floor which adds a nice "adult" touch. It does tend to lead to tipsy matrons giggling loudly during the show but I am willing to endure that up to a point for a chilled glass of wine. The other thing to note is that the River Oaks Theatre has extremely helpful, laid-back staff. We bought tickets for a very popular movie last week and then 45 minutes before the start time, our water meter sprung a massive leak. Even though we had bought non-refundable, time-specific tickets, when I called the theater and explained my problem,  "Jason" was very understanding and offered to refund my tickets. All I wanted to do was exchange them for another day so I thought it was very nice of him to offer to do even more than we requested. Long may the River Oaks Theatre avoid the dreaded Weingarten Realty vultures!!!!!!!!!
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,12/19/2011,59,85,5,4,6>First, a confession.  I was afraid to go to El Rey when I first moved to Houston.  Knowing zero Spanish and being a total Tex-Mex noob, I was scared of the giant roast chicken drawn on side of the building (which they've now removed).  I justified it by saying to myself, "it's fast food.  How good could it be?"Pretty friggen good, that's how.  The first time I ordered the Havana plate with its heaping mound of porky goodness, I was a happy believer.  I've tried maybe ten different types of tacos, and they've all been delicious.  In fact, I just made myself hungry thinking about it.  Also, try the chicken tortilla soup at least once.  So very good.It's also very cheap.  Counter service is efficient.Man, I really want a taco.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,12/18/2011,203,512,5,10,8>I am a Onion Creek freak. I can't think of any other bar that I have frequented as often.Here is what I love about Onion Creek. I can go here on the weekend with my friends for a wild and crazy night, I go here on a Sunday night with my husband for a low-key date, and I can take my parents here for lunch. I don't have to worry if anyone will dislike Onion Creek, because well,  that's impossible.The staff is just amazing. All of the bartenders are outgoing and funny. They make good suggestions for things and joke with you constantly. The specials here are ridiculously great. They have what they call "Cheap Ass Beer" night where Pabst, Schlitz, Pearl and beers of such a nature are only $1.25 a piece. There are also nights where Heinekens are only $2, not to mention the delicious and fun Monday night steak nights.The people that come to Onion Creek are also the kind of people I like to surround myself with. Everyone here seems like they live here, like this bar was made for them. No loud obnoxious drama, no screaming, and no horrible music. If you are a looking for a place with great food, great music and a great atmosphere, look no further.
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2011,12/17/2011,90,126,5,10,8>So after I finished a 21 mile run earlier this morning, I decided to hang out here to study for an important examination.  Starbuck was not an option since it is everywhere.  I figured that I was going to need alot of caffeine to keep me awake and the coffee drinks I have had here in the past do a pretty good job of that.  You will know you have arrived at Antidote when you see the Wood's food mart sign along Studewood Dr. and see a number of cars parked outside the coffee house.  If you are lucky, you might see someone leave as you are arriving and take their spot, but this is very unlikely.  Be prepared to park along 8th Street.  I usually get the cajeta latte, which is mexican goat's milk with caramel spread.  I opted for  2% goat's milk.  I didn't know goat's milk came in different varieties.  The seating area has 8 tables for coffee trolls, like myself, to what people typically do a coffee houses (studying, reading books, using their computers for various purposes).  There are three couches with a few chairs around them to accomodate larger groups.  They offer free wi-fi and there are several places to plug your computer but watch your step to avoid tripping over he AC plugs.  There is outside seating and patio seating, which I haven't tried out since I like to stay nice and toasty indoors with my fancy computer as I study.  Also people tend to smoke out there and I am not a big fan of second hand smoke.  So I totally recommend Antidote as a place for any coffee troll to camp out for a few hours.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,12/16/2011,233,113,11,17,9>A friend and I were about to make it home until Mucky Duck came up in conversation. All of a sudden, we found ourselves exiting and making a u-turn at the Shepherd light.The moment I stepped foot into Mucky Duck, I thought to myself, 'Oh my guh, it's like we're in The Reagle Beagle from Three's Company!' Sweet! Show me to the red table cloths and peanuts in a shell!I thought this was gonna be a cool hole-in-the-wall dirt bar but I got something even better and unexpected. It's clean, cozy and warm.. All you gotta do is sit back with your wine (or beer) and enjoy the show.Unfortunately, it wasn't open-mic night nor were any musicians playing, nevertheless, we sat at the bar and tended to conversational pieces along the walls. -We actually played 'I SPY..' all night :)Lengthy draught list and endless array of vino for the more elegant palettes.. and as always, friendly staff does a bar good!
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2011,12/15/2011,274,156,11,9,9>Three Dollar and Fifty Cent, Twenty Ounce Guiness Stouts!Three Dollar and Fifty Cent, Twenty Ounce Guiness Stouts!Three Dollar and Fifty Cent, Twenty Ounce Guiness Stouts!Either Bull & Bear changed the price (or I'm stupid).  Regardless, you'll enjoy a huge, tasty Guiness for not a lot of money.  "Negative" 25 cents get's this place another Star!
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2011,12/14/2011,172,149,14,7,8>You know how snakes can dislocate their jaw to maximize the amount of food that goes into their head?  It's sort of like that when I get tacos at Taqueria Del Sol.  (Well, aside from the fact that I can't actually dislocate my jaw for maximum taco consumption potential...but probably looks like it)This place is sort of the pinnacle of authentic, hole in the wall, word-of-mouth Mexican restaurants in the Houston area.  I know, I know...thats a mightly lofty statement considering there is seemingly a taqueria every 25 feet in this fine city.  Until experiencing TDS, I'd been a Ruchi's hardcore tacophile (I still am, really, Ruchi's...its just...its not you, its me) but I can safely say that for a handful of reasons I've switched out my taco speed dial numbers...and Taqueria Del Sol is #1.  Let me explain...If you want REAL tacos and Mexican fare, you don't go to Tbell or TacoC or any of the not-too-bad fast options.  You either go to a sketchy-as-all-hell taco truck (if you can find one when you're jonesin') OR you go to a locally owned, down-home taqueria.  This place is run by some of the sweetest laid back people in South Houston and the interior, while obviously a restaurant, feels strangely homey like you're over at a friend's house for a serious Stage 5 taco meltdown.  Unlike some of the other taquerias I've frequented, this place smells and feels clean...nothing was sticky (and you KNOW what I mean about your elbows stickin to the tablecloth).  In addition, the bathrooms are pretty clean, the parking lot is humungous, and there are a bajillion tables inside (theres a back room totally out of sight from the front so if you get in and it looks busy, don't fret, the back is probably open too).I only have experience in the taco realm but I can tell you this: -The barbacoa is amazing.  Super soft and tender, just the right amount of fattiness, and superb beef flavor that isn't covered by crazy spices-The carne asada is like the most delightful fajita beef perfectly cooked that you could ask for-The piernas (think carnitas) is probably the greatest restaurant bought taco I've ever had.  This is a big statement for a guy who grew up eating carnitas and loves EVERYTHING pork related.  If I only had one meal left in Houston, it would be a metric boatload of these tacos.(un)Fortunately, there is also a really nice little panaderia in the other side of the building with a convenient doorway right by the cashier!  That way, in the event that you haven't eaten yourself into complete and total motor failure, you can swing over and buy a trashbag full of pumpkin empanadas and churros.  I don't do a lot of cardio, but I really should.  I mean, I really really should.Please, if you like tacos, do yourself a favor and come here.  Tell them Nate sent you (they have no idea who I am, don't do that).
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,12/13/2011,81,217,3,10,8>Brasserie 19 is amazing.I went on a busy Saturday night with friends.  We made a reservation for 8:30 pm, but got there early, so we had a drink at the bar.  The bartenders are helpful and knowledgeable.  And, there is plenty of staff, so you don't wait around for a cocktail.The decor is refreshing.  A truly modern french bistro with a white and silver theme.You order your wine off of an IPad, which I found to be tedious.  They were also out of three bottles I asked for, but that's to be expected shortly after opening.   The wine prices are also EXTREMELY reasonable, so I'll cut them a break the use of technology that distracts me from my table mates.For appetizers, we had the Asparagus and gnocchi appetizers.  Both were delicious without being too filling.I had the steak Frites for dinner.  It was perfectly cooked and my fries were amazing!  Both of my friends had fish dishes and ate all of them, but agreed mine was the winner.I'll be back soon and often!
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,12/12/2011,160,218,7,9,9>This place has a huge disparity in star ratings. Im not sure why. Look, Im not going to say its the best sushi in town. But they do have a damn good happy hour and decently priced items otherwise. I will say this though, this location is a million times better than the Kirby location. Im not sure what they did incorrectly over at the Kirby location but I have never been a fan. This looks a lot like a more traditional place with less flashy hype. Centrally located chef bar with a tradition (sit on the floor) room to the right, and normal seating to the left. You walk in and the chefs will usually yell something in Japanese or just say hello. During happy hour, last call is announced with a loud bang of the gong. Pretty cool.I was talking to my dad about sushi when we were eating at Nippon. I asked him if he thought Nippon was better than Miyako and his answer made some sense to me. Specifically with sushi, if you have been going to one place for a long time, and already know what you like there, then go somewhere new, you will usually -- not always, still like your original place better. Now, to my biased review of the sushi here.They have a bunch of rolls here that are awesome. and their happy hour (5-7) is pretty awesome at half off any of a specific list of rolls. We usually always start our meal off with edamame. Cant mess that up. They give you a pretty good amount of food. They also have a personal size of fried rice that is also great. It doesnt come with any meats. remember that because if you get the one with the meats, its a huge portion. Always order fresh Jalapeno, sriracha sauce, and a spicy ponzu sauce. The ponzu sauce is a sore spot for me because most places give you a ridiculously small portion and charge you whatever they want. Here they at least give you a manageable amount for whatever sushi you get. Usually they will refill it if you ask them to fill it completely. As for the sushi, I order a combination of the following: Crunch Roll, The New York Maki, spider hand roll, california hand roll, and another that I cant remember the name of but it has salmon, jalapeno, and cream cheese roll. If you come with an open mind and try things, Im sure you will enjoy the food. Do it. Come on. Do it. Do it. Do it. Come on....
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2011,12/11/2011,305,161,9,21,15>On a beautiful sunny fall day in Houston, where's the single best place to grab a lunch outside with a view?  I think the even the most ardent Houston hater would be hard pressed to denounce the quality and diversity of al fresco dining options, but the last part of that question is a bit of a kicker.  A view?  In Houston?  The options begin to dwindle, no?So on that picture perfect day, blessed with cloudless skies, a flawless 68 degrees, and the gentlest kiss of a breeze, where's the view?  Better yet, I want access to mass transit, museums, theater, boats, trains, etc.  Am I too demanding?  Certainly so if I expect all this in the loop, and not in some Fertitta designed fantasy land....right?I'm here to tell you, NO!  You're allowed to expect more!  You can have the cake of a good meal outside, and you can eat it too!  With all the amenities above AND a view!  Now that I'm out of exclamation points, and have teased thoroughly enough, here's the scoop:Pinewood Cafe has taken over the cafe space in Hermann Park, and I am stoked.  This is the missing jewel in the amazing makeover of Hermann that has turned it into our best urban green space.  They offer custom wraps, salads, smoothies, grilled cheeses, and a great burger.  The custom grilled cheeses can be turned into awesome sandwiches with 8 meats available, or leave them as intended and have your choice of 8 different cheeses, 6 breads, and 6 veggies.  I know the kids will love it, because I was way too excited to not take 10 minutes ordering just thinking about all the different combos.  I've had two so far, and there are many combos I can't wait to try.  The food is good, the ingredients are fresh, and the service was friendly and quick, but there's no two ways about it, the draw here is the view.  I sat at a table in the ample shade of some trees while overlooking the lake and enjoying the day.  Gone are the city sounds, distant are the buildings, it was one of the more bucolic scenes that I could imagine just steps from the Med Center and minutes from Downtown.  On one side of the cafe you'll find paddle boat rentals, on the other is the train station with stops all over the park.  If you add in the fact that Miller Outdoor, the zoo, and most of the museums are a brief walk away, I'm not sure there's a better place to grab a long lunch or casual dinner in the city.So good food, good service, and amazing location only equal 4*'s, what's up with that?  Because this is a brand new place and is a work in progress.  This space has seen its comings and goings in its brief life, but there are many reasons to come why Pinewood will stand the test of time.  Number one is that beer and wine are coming which will add to the attractiveness of those lakeside lunches and dinners.  Also a real deal dog permit will be in the works.  One of the best things will be the picnic basket options that will allow you to have your own picnic complete with wine, food, basket, blanket and the works for events at Miller, where ever you decide to sequester yourself in this great big park, or set up close by to hear the music that will be scheduled in the evenings this spring.  So big things are in the works, and any combo of these are plenty enough to capture that elusive 5th star.  I'm looking forward to updating it.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,12/10/2011,419,749,10,19,19>Did I mean "happy day"? my phone asked me as I typed in "Happy Fatz" to the Yelp app.  Nope, but I sure did have one after I went here for dinner.Sis and I came here as a pre-movie meal, since both of us used to frequent Ray's Franks when it was still extant (RIP Scissor Sticks :-/).  I had heard that Happy Fatz served up veggie dogs and with a veggie sister that's an important feature.  Situated inside an old bungalow on Studewood, they don't have great signage yet so we had to circle around the first time since we nearly missed it.  There's plenty of seating for being such a small space, and the A/C was running very cold--always a plus in this near-tropical climate.As others have mentioned, one dawg is plenty here.  I decided to build my own since I am persnickety about my flavor-mixtures, and they gave me the hot dog of my dreams.  On a poppyseed bun with grilled onions AND grilled jalapenos (seriously, mind-bendingly tasty), as well as an assortment of typical hot dog toppings (no ketchup; this is Texas), my all-beef Hebrew National dawg was simply dee-vine.  I had my choice of side items, and since I was scarfing down something so heavy I opted for the fruit.  The fruit of the day was watermelon and it was a perfect complement.  To top off this delightfully summery meal, cucumber-lemon water was provided gratis for customers.Service is 100% personable.  The cook came to the front to ask us how the food was; the folks at the counter were friendly and even joked around with us a little.  The joviality caused my sister to remark that it was like eating over at a long-lost relative's house.  We did venture into the dessert counter with a cake ball each, but let's be honest--I'll be going back for the hot dogs.Escaped dinner for well under $10, and seriously can't wait to return.  I still love Moon Tower Inn's dogs, especially now that they've streamlined the ordering process, but I think there's plenty of room in this town for more dedicated hot dog joints.  I'm rooting for Happy Fatz to make it, because the city needs little neighborhood places with lots of heart like this.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,12/9/2011,152,164,6,14,11>"Irasshaimase!" Yes, all employees in the store really do shout it out in unison when someone enters the store. This is a Japanese home goods store with many odds and ends priced from $2-$5. It's a great place to get gift wrap, ribbon, tote bags, food containers, bizarre grooming tools, and cute little random kitschy things to place around the home or gift to someone else. Store employees are standing in nearly every aisle watching customers. (I assume to watch for shoplifting, there are a lot of teenagers here.) I giggled as each time someone entered the store and all of them eagerly yelled "Irasshaimase!" I also giggled at the cute bento lunch boxes with pictures of smiling walruses telling me "Lunch time make everyone smile." While it was very hard not to walk out with some purchases, the only $5 I spent there that day was for the awesome photobooth. Anytime you're in Bellaire Chinatown, you must check this place out!
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,12/8/2011,273,77,7,8,8>If Brandy - yes the singer and star of the 1997 "Cinderella" movie musical can say that "coloring is my therapy," then I say that the Menil Collection is MY therapy.Being of the impulsive, can't-sit-still and curly variety,  when I find myself in a "knickers in a wad" type of situation I need to surround myself with calm, neutral, beautiful and stream lined things in the hopes of having these adjectives influence my very own thoughts and feelings. The Menil can also act as another form of therapy, retail therapy! ;)Something always catches my eye in this little jewel of a store, from cool greeting cards and books, to funky jewelry.When I feel sad, Picasso, the Surrealists and the architect's use of natural light can brighten any dampened mood.  When I feel happy, the Menil is something I like to share with others. Located in the heart of the neighborhood and surrounded by a lovely park which is frequented by many on days of good weather, the Menil is a sanctuary.  Bright white walls, simplicity and amazing art = soothing, as well as stimulating.  Houston is very lucky indeed to have one of the world's greatest art collections as its very own.  One of my fondest memories was when the Menil Collection collaborated with the Aurora Picture show and chamber musicians, screening short art films on the east side of the building near that beautiful climbing tree that is situated right there.  Perfect evening, wine and pizza were included of course. I have to say I've experienced many a great picnic and look forward to more to come!Oh and that time I thought I was losing someone that I love and flew into an emotional panic - don't ever try to end things with someone over text message after having happy hour at a bar, please Youtube "text message breakup."  After going over the scenario with my friends, I decided to meet face to face the next day, luckily the chosen destination was the Menil collection.  See, I put some thought into this! Sitting outside on the bench (again on the eastside of the building, my fave) I felt calm and composed, shocked?  I attributed the architecture and landscaping to soothing my frazzled nerves.  The stream lined wood composing the building seemed to stream line my own thoughts and feelings (yes, yes, yes!), while the curved louvers above me made me feel open yet safe.  My surroundings seemed to whisper to me "be cool" and unsurprisingly I was.  Thank you Menil for showing me that life is beautiful, simple yet complex.  You keep me grounded, somewhat. ;)
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,12/7/2011,27,77,4,13,10>As someone who spent about 10 years in Corpus Christi, I've been deeply disappointed in Houston's tacos in particular and Mexican food in general.  That's changed since I found Taco Keto.  I particularly like their tacos al pastor (the meat is shredded pork) and desebrada tacos (shredded beef), but I have yet to try something I disliked.Let's be clear:  Keto may not be as good as the best on offer in San Antonio, Corpus, etc., but (1) this is taco truck fare; and (2) they are indisputably tasty.  The fact that they come served with grilled onion, potato, roasted jalapeno, two kinds of sauce, cilantro, and half a key lime for your pleasure is impressive.  That they do this for $1.75 per taco (this is the cost if cheese is included; it may otherwise be lower) while tasting quite fine makes for an exceptional value.  It also makes for a five star establishment in my book.They're open 11am to 11pm.  Don't miss it if you're hungry and in the area...it may be a taco truck, but I'd take it to any of the tacos I've had at sit-down joints in Houston, including the several-times more expensive fare at Cyclone Anayas.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2011,12/6/2011,607,68,8,15,11>Every year we ask our son what kind of cake he'd like for his birthday & he always replies with, "Cheesecake!!!!" The company that my mom works for always gets the office birthday cakes from Yummy Tummy Pastries. So this year we thought, How about getting the cheesecake from Yummy Tummy Pastries!! My mom put in our order for a Strawberry Cheesecake & also ten cupcakes (yellow cake with chocolate frosting)!! Everything came out PERFECT!!!!! My son was very pleased, and although he was trying to make his cheesecake last, the entire thing was gone within 8 hours, cupcakes included!!! So much for saving huh!!!Back in May, my mom had a birthday cake made for my brother who lives in Dallas. My brother's hobby.....bikes!! The owners of Yummy Tummy Pastries arranged pictures of my brother sitting on a bike throughout each part of his life. It looked awesome!!!! My brother and his family loved it, & it was cool for my niece's to see what there ol dad looked like back in the day. I definitely recommend this place for any of your pastry needs. The owners are great!!!! Super friendly & make sure you get exactly what you want. We live in the same area as Yummy Tummy Pastries, & when we see the owners out in public, it's nice to stop and chat with them. My birthday is next & I will be getting my cake made at Yummy Tummy Pastries!!! 5 STARS for a job well done & for making my son happy on his 13th birthday!!! **tip** if you look through my pictures you will see what a beautiful job they did!!!!
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,12/5/2011,57,268,3,13,11>This food truck dishes up the best vegan sandwiches I've ever had. It's even better than The Vegan Yacht and Counter Culture in Austin and I really love their sandwiches too.As a former meat-eater turned ovo-lacto-vegetarian (meaning I consume eggs and dairy products), I've encountered my fair share of bland, uninspired vegetarian food. Green Seed Vegan offers inventive sandwiches and other hand-held delights without the use of soy, artificial sweeteners, or processed foods. Bland and boring? Green Seed doesn't fit either one of those terms.Service is friendly and the food is made-to-order. After much deliberation, my fiancee and I opted for the Tosh and Latini Panini. The Tosh had a nice sweet, slightly smoky flavor to it from the maple jerk garbanzo tempeh and grilled plantains. It was delicious but the Latini Panini with the fragrant cilantro and creamy avocado was phenomenal! The flavors reminded me of those from a Mexican-Indian fusion restaurant I frequented in downtown Chicago. This sandwich is to-die-for. Next time I'm going to have to try their bbq jackfruit sandwich.Not only is the food excellent, so are the fresh drinks. My fiancee tried the kinda blu fruit blend ($5) that contains blueberries, coconut, and spirulina (a blue-green algae with many health benefits). The color of the smoothie was  a bit off-putting as it's almost black but he thoroughly enjoyed the drink. I thought it had a slightly weird aftertaste. On the other hand, my green mile smoothie was perfection with its well-balanced blend of kale, spinach, mango, and banana "mylk." I loved that it was slightly sweet and not overbearingly so like many places that use artificial sweeteners. Summer tip: I recommend parking in front of the food truck, placing your order, and then waiting in your air-conditioned car while they're preparing your food. They'll let you know when your food is ready and you can take refuge from the blistering heat.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2011,12/4/2011,95,224,7,6,6>Awwww Brand new Whole Foods, YOUUUUU ARE so CUTE and COLORFUL and ORGANIZED and CLEAN and FRESH and CRUNCHY and CROWDED and NARROW and MINI-CARTED and FREE SAMPLES and WINE BAR and GREEN and RECYCLABLE and PRICY but but but you are soooooo purrrrrdyyyyy and makes me want to eat like I'm a celebrity with a crap load of money to spend on such fresh food. Since it is super new, parking lot is practically full and cars are going up and down the lanes for parking spots. Inside had many little samples of different items, it almost felt like lunch-time sample-time at SAMs Club or something, but the samples were soooo good! Perhaps when the OMG NEW WHOLE FOODS I MUST GO kinda passes by, it will be less crowded and you can maneuver your mini cart even easier, (not like it's that hard since it's so small) but you'd probably enjoy paroozing the aisles  and looking and picking more-so than "shopping" (well at least for those of us with sad pockets). Doen't seem as large as the one in Austin, it's smaller. The organization of the interior is very well done, a tad narrow in the aisle ways.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,12/3/2011,122,91,6,19,8>I started coming here because of their grand opening special of 40% off all services. It's a new establishment so everything is very clean, sleek, and modern. I got a semi-brazilian wax and was very pleased with the results so I decided to invest and bought a gift card for myself.  I guess you can say I am regular patron now.  They always have discounts and specials for referrals and special events.  Vanny/Catherine who is the "waxer" is friendly with her small talk and made me feel comfortable from start to finish. She has tons of experience and seems to be an expert in what she does. I can't say I have a basis for comparison to other waxing places but I am happy with the job they do here and can't see myself going anywhere else.  A semi brazilian is $40 and full brazilian is $50 which is a great price in Midtown for those services.  Everything else is a little pricey, but it's typical for an upscale day spa.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2011,12/2/2011,71,103,2,18,8>Wow, talk about a vacation for your beloved doggie! I have been taking by doggies here when my husband and I go out of town.The facilities are amazing, there is a doggie pool that is in the shape of a bone, cabins, and personal yards for your dog. I had to leave one of my dogs here for a bit more then a week. My dear Ruby has a huge phobia of Thunderstorms. I told this to the dog ranch before leaving Ruby in their hands. Unfortunately, that whole week had thunderstorms. The manager, decided that Ruby needed to stay with her in the main house. So, instead of being isolated in a cabin, she was welcome in the main house for the rest of her visit. They also washed her bedding and her when I picked her up (awesome!)The Houston Dog Ranch will always keep the best interest of your doggies. I will always travel across Houston for my doggies to have their own vacation.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,12/1/2011,94,159,3,8,8>PROFESSIONAL COFFEE SHOP STUDYER REVIEW:This is a cute new place with a lot of potential.  Imagiveyou the quick rundown:**Quaint old house, updated and nicely decorated gives a cozy feel.**All drip coffee is bottomless-- BOTTOMLESS when drinking in.**They support local biz:  1. they use local roasters Java Pura, located in the Bellaire area. 2. The cupcakes are made by the owner's old bible teacher (that's adorable)  3. the teeny pecan pies are made by someone down the street  4. i'm sure there are other examples.**Fabulous front patio with steady tables, plenty of outlets, free wifi, in a peaceful neighborhood setting**Inside lends itself to more reading/chatting, less studying as there aren't any tables as of yet but! I hear they're coming so I'll check back.**They have a little giftshop inside (think candles, a  little jewelry, couple pieces of women's clothing), it's there but doesn't detract too much from the fact that it's a coffee shop.  It doesn't feel like you're drinking coffee in a dept store.**Price examples: $2 for bottomless drip (they individually make each cup rather than have a pot sitting around all day), $2 for a cupcake, $3 for a latte**The owner, Katie, and her family are SO NICE, they really made my time a pleasure there : )All in all, I'd definitely go again especially to see how they grow-- sounds like plans for Friday night live music are in the works which'll be perfect on that great patio.Note: if you "like" this place on the FB (search for "Bungalow" and it's like the 5th one down, dub check that the addy is in Hou), you'll get notified of special deals etc.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,11/30/2011,30,171,11,11,9>File this under "not too legit."  It's perfectly legit.  The waitstaff is attentive, professional, and speak with almost-broken-yet-unambiguous, heavily-accented English.  It's a large room with many tables.  Some people love the decor... but, meh, I'm not there to look at the walls.  I'm there for the culinary throw-down that IS Thai Gourmet.A few years ago, my taste buds changed.  I crave exceptionally spicy food.  Thai Gourmet is the ONLY Thai restaurant I've found -- despite pleading with the staff at other places for more heat -- that hits the spot.  The "Thai hot" is perfect.  For a spice junkie, it's not insanely hot.  It's JUST RIGHT.  I ate an hour ago and my nose is still sweating.  My dish (as always) was very flavorful (while I'm a fan of the heat, flavor is paramount).  DO NOT BE A JACK@SS: read their policy on the spice level.  They're not kidding.  If you think that jalapenos are really hot [but like spicy food], start with "medium" or "hot" (if you like abuse).  I have friend that gets them to go BEYOND "Thai hot."  I'm not sure that he's actually human.The dishes are pretty.  The presentation is just perfect.  The quantities are substantial.  This is my favorite Thai restaurant.  Period.  The quality of the ingredients is also high.  I'd actually pay more for the food than they charge (ssssh!).  With lunch specials starting around $8.50, it's just a good deal.So far, my favorite dish is "green curry with chicken."  Although I've been a customer for years, I seldom deviate from that choice.  I had Garlic Chicken, today.  It was fantastic.  The Garlic Fish is also damned good.  The Tom Yum soup was my first experience of "getting ripped a new one" by their spice level... and it was delicious... if not a wee bit painful.Go with a friend.  Hell, call me up and I'll go with you.  I double-plus love this place.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,11/29/2011,287,298,7,11,11>Cafe Lili has been one of my favorite places for years. Unpretentious & casual a great place to get a very tasty meal. Their falafel to me is the best in town. Not the usual little ball, these are football shaped wonders. Fried to perfection and served with a creamy tahini sauce. The appetizer serving is big so split with a friend or take some home to enjoy later. another favorite is their chicken kabob sandwich (American comes with lettuce & tomatoes...jalapenos upon request). The chicken is grilled to perfection topped with a tasty garlic sauce and veggies, tucked into a soft pita. The fried cauliflower is sweet, the fatoush salad a lemony delight. They throw in daily specials and my favorite is the grilled fish. And I mean the whole fish, head & tail. My table mate ordered this fine dish and when it hit the table the waitress sang "Someone's going to be jealous!" And I was. Fortunately there was enough to share and I had my meal packed to go. The owner's are very visible whether you visit for lunch or dinner. One will walk around and offer little cups of Lebanese coffee. This stuff is potent so don't ask for seconds like I did. Especially at night.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,11/28/2011,2,225,3,12,11>Vegan cinnamon bun. Check. Iced coffee? Check. I'm in business. This place is one of those classics of Houston's lack of zoning inside the Loop (I'm increasingly convinced this only applies inside the loop, not to the deed restricted sub-divisions between the Loop and the Beltway). You're watching your digital map, you're convinced it must be wrong because you just crossed all the big boulevards, you're in a deeply residential area, you're about to cross to the wrong side of the highway and then BAM! A coffee shop and a dry cleaners (or was it a laundrymat) are suddenly there on the corner -- only in Houston!The usual clientele seem to be the hip, the counter-culture, the book club and the hung over -- which is usually a good sign for a coffee shop. The cinnamon bun isn't the round, individually baked kind you get a lot of places, but rather than almost square kind that come out of a pan cooked communally with many brethren. Like Mom makes -- except with frosting instead of glazing. The texture and flavor were really very good. My iced coffee was real iced coffee, not hot coffee that had been watered down being poured over ice. I may try to get an iced Americano next time to see how their pulled shots taste.Lots of outdoor seating and indoor seating is a good thing. They're leveraging their location and making all of their big space available to customers instead of to counter top and decor, which is nice. Seems big enough that if they aren't doing live music from time to time, they're missing an opportunity.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,11/27/2011,509,422,37,31,25>I had a Furr ball here!  Rating System:  5-Mink, 4-Fox, 3-Rabbit, 2-Teenager, 1-Rat- Variety of Selections:  Mink- Food Quality:  50% Fox, 35% Rabbit, 15% Teenager- Facility:  baby Fox- Service:  Fox  - Value:  FoxThe old Furr's Cafeteria has been reinvented somewhat, and is more along the lines of a modern buffet, such as Sweet Tomatoes, etc.Food has more fresh offerings, and better quality food than the old cafeteria's plates of canned veggies, and is better than most buffets.  The building is new, with new Furrniture (i.e. not re-Furrbished). Beethoven would approve this Furr A-lease.A pack of service people are involved:  one guides you through the assembly line, another to a table, where the waiter hangs around to clear the dishes, refill and protect your lair.  And, not a lick of dirt (a team of sweepers see to that).  Tip? I left a good pelt, even if it was a buffet.Next to Cheddar's (and across from Rudy's), this place will reinforce the draw to the area for eating out, and perhaps appeal to an older "Leave it to Beaver" crowd (people aged 5-8 in dog years).Opening day.  Packed full.  People were eager to get their food.  The islands of buffet foods are organized by type, generally, but at odd angles.  Consequently, there is a lot of running into each otter and the staff, or feel trapped.  I was ready to watch the Furr fly !In the waiting-to-pay-first line ($8/adult plus $2 drink), I had a brush with an eager older woman who just had to get in front of me. Later, in a buffet line, it took her Furrever to make up her mind.   Everyone else was fast and Furrious.Like a cafeteria, the general arrangement of buffet island grouping is salads/appetizers, meats, veggies, and Furrther down the line are the desserts, many of which had well-groomed toppings for a nice show.  The selections are all over the map from comfort foods to pizza, fish and tacos.  Comfort foods have the best pedigree.  The tacos and pizza look unappetizing, and are mainly for the human puppies I guess.  There is a grill where sausages, hamburgers, chicken, corn on the cob, jalapenos are grilled in sight.  The selections vary by a hair depending on the day of the week.My selections from the buffet:Salad:  washed and snipped lettuce, a tangled mix of leaf types, no matting, and I added broccoli, good blue cheese chunks, and a side of mixed fruitSkillet-Grilled Chicken Fried Steak:  A tight-fitted wrap.  Coating was not crisp, perhaps having sat in the stainless bin.  Trimmed to the size of a man's palm of the hand, you don't have to get too much.  Taste was good, even with plain cream gravy.Blackened Tilapia (more like a light sunburn):  Surprisingly good and fresh fish.  Not spicy, but worthy.Buffalo Chicken Strips:  Mildly hot ("low" on hair dryer)Chopped Steak:  Good with natural gravy and a roll to sop it up. (No PETA bread)Dessert:  Very good raspberry cobbler (shear heaven, except for the crust) and the cherry cobbler was not too sweet.  Brownie was good.  Fresh berries (and the typical toppings) for ice cream swirl.  Nice finish.To-Go Menu:  $4.19/lb for lunch, $4.39/lb for dinner.  At that rate, I am glad I ate inside (I pigged out).Puzzle seekers: in this review, there are 35 direct and indirect references to "fur" (counting the Rating system & ratings as 1), including animals with it, and handling of it.Time to flea the scene.  Furr's has my seal of approval.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2011,11/25/2011,151,258,10,7,7>My first day of going vegetarian? A big fat FAILWhen my friend suggested eating here tonight, the first thing that came to mind was "Really?! A burger place on my first day being a vegetarian?" He reassured me that there were veggie burgers on the menu so we headed over for dinner. After having a shake at Hopdoddy's in Austin, I've been on a milkshake craze so I had to try the shakes here. The chocolate chip shake I got was not even close to the ones at Hopdoddy's but it was alot better than the shake I had at Beck's Prime a few days ago. While waiting for our burgers to arrive, we also shared an order of their Parmesan fries. Absolutely amazing! At this point, my vegetarian diet was still going strong.Then our burgers arrived.I know I should have checked the burger placed in front of me but.....I didn't. I took a huge bite and was pleasantly surprised. The veggie burger tasted SO much like real meat! INCREDIBLE. I ended up eating almost half of the burger before my friend informed me that I was actually eating his beef burger. Greeeaaaaattttt! He handed over the great big mess that was my veggie burger (the patty completely, and I mean COMPLETELY, fell apart upon being picked up) and I gave him back what was left of his burger. The veggie burger was not bad especially with all the toppings I ordered along with it. It was a bit mushy texture-wise but it didn't taste like those microwaveable Boca patties you get from a grocery store. Like Whichwich and Bullritos, you get a piece of paper and you check off what you want. A pretty casual place with an overwhelming menu, I was lucky my friend and I chose well and ended up with delicious meals. Even though I consumed beef when I wasn't supposed to, I enjoyed every single bite. So much for not eating meat..
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,11/24/2011,52,156,,17,10>We went to Pondicheri Cafe last night and I'm so in love with this place.  Indian food, cafe style with urban decor -- wow, a treat for Houston.  The place does not take reservations unless you have a party of 8 or more and you must confirm with a $15 deposit -- love this!  A good walk-in cafe with some sensibility with seating.  If you have a big party and want to go here, plan in advance.  We did not and were able to get a table immediately among the crowd. :)Beer and Wine only is served with some specialty drinks available on the menu.  I tried the Shandy Beer -- delicious sweet lime/mint beer.  At my table I got to also taste the Hot Stuff beer- spiced with hot peppers and black salt (beware of pungent odor caused from the salt, enjoy the spiciness of the beer though) and the Razzler (rosemary sparkling wine).  All were good.  I preferred the Hot Stuff Beer actually and can't wait to try that again.For starters, we ordered the Seekh kebobs, Saag Paneer Samosas and the Papdi Chaat.  Out of the apps, the Papdi Chaat was the best -- total flavor bomb with creative texture.  I wanted to lick the dish it was that good.For our main course, we decided to get creative and do a family-style meal so we could try a bit of everything on the menu.  I recommend this if you are into the menu.  Try getting the vegetarian Thali where you select three vegetables with sides to share.  Then venture to the meat courses.  We got the Masala lamb chops and the Nihari (curried shank and oxtail and delectably spicy) for our meal.  Desert is great!  I'm such a fan of a cookies and milk course.  Pondicheri did not disappoint either.  The best spicy chocolate chip and almond cookies ever served with the thickest coldest milk.  Heaven.The price is right, about $25 per person if you don't add booze.  We did of course -- the pinot gris was fantastic.I can't wait to come back.  I noted Pondicheri will serve breakfast and lunch in the very near future.  The breakfast menu looks fantastic.  I foresee Pondicheri becoming a favorite on the Houston brunch scene once available.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,11/23/2011,320,247,9,12,10>SPOILED!!  Even my hun was excited about this place!  We have been to this location and the one in Sugar Land.  Both are spectacular.  Maybe it's because we head here after dinner and a few drinks?  Maybe?  HahaService is great.  The assorted flavors of gelato are really good and since they keep so busy when I am there, the gelato is fresh.  It's creamy and light and just rich enough to hit the spot.  If only I could find a place near my place....or maybe not..or else I'd be the size of a house!  Thanks Paciugo...you're delicioso!!
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,11/22/2011,3161,3020,14,23,17>There is a time in every boy's life when he must make the steps into becoming a MAN.One of first steps in the process of leaping from boyfriend to husband to having his own family is the engagement.  But before any of that can happen the girl must say YES.Knowing very little about rings in general, I started my research online, reading wikipedias and various jewelry sites.  But with a purchase this important it requires an in person touch and feel.  Just like a luxury car you wouldn't just buy it online and have it shipped to you without first test driving it.I went with Bailey Banks & Biddle because of their legacy of high customer service and quality.  I had walked past their Galleria location as a teenager and thinking it was way out of my price range, but now they have opened up a NEW location at Town & Country Village that is much more welcoming and less intimidating.Their hours of operation are 10-6 M-Sat, 12-5 Sun, and extended until 8 PM on Thursday.  Because of traffic these extended hours on Thursday was my best chance.I had plugged in the GPS address and I was completely disoriented, I guess the new streets need to be updated, but I called the store and got personal directions from one of the employees.  This was a step in the right direction even before stepping into the store.When I first entered I was greeted by all of the sales staff and was asked how I could be helped.  I told her I was basically clueless and needed a basic overview in what is important in a ring purchase.She went over the 4 Cs with me: cut, clarity, color, and carat weight, and explained the 5th C that people don't mention too often, CONFIDENCE, which I would get plenty of if I make my purchase through BBB.  At this point I started questioning which was what in each category, and she was very willing to show me the differences first hand.  Looking online doesn't do justice with a diamond right in front of you.This is when she went on to explain that they do offer an online store where you can get pricing, now that I have some background on what I would like I could browse through all diamonds that they own.  She also showed me to their Design Studio.  This is like your own shop where you can create your perfect ring via a giant MONITOR.  They have mock rings made of cubic zirconia and sterling silver that you can touch and feel with pricing attached so you can walk around leisurely without the pressures of a salesperson looking over your back.  This was my favorite aspect of this store.  Exploring around the store I even noticed a "sale" rack of sorts with items marked down.  They do guarantee their diamonds for loss off of the ring as long as you come in for their semi annual inspections to check for stability and integrity, which are free and they will do cleaning for you.  That makes sense since I wouldn't buy a luxury car without doing oil changes.After my visit with BBB now I am more certain of what I would like to purchase as far as size and style, now just gotta save up that money.  But for those who want they do offer financing as well as layaway options.  For the layaway it's 20% down and needs to be paid off within 90 days.  They also offer 6 months no interest for purchases over $1000, and a 2 year option at 9.9% for over $2000.I would recommend to anyone that they need to go to a physical store to see a ring in person.  Online does not do justice.  I used to think BBB was just for old money, but after visiting their store in person, the employees are very welcoming.  With one of the biggest purchases you might ever make, you better make sure if you're ready to pop the question that she'll say yes.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2011,11/21/2011,2219,1117,17,19,13>Imperio! On an epic adventure in a seedy bar in Colorado Springs, I had the unique opportunity to think long and hard about: (a) what restaurant I was going to visit first when I got back to Houston; (b) what restaurant I was really missing from all those miles away; and (c) why-why-why did that restaurant tickle my fancy so much. I really thought my answer was going to be Americas Post Oak because it is awesome. It seemed simple enough. Instead the true answer, blurted out over a game of darts and coupled with a shot of Patron, actually became Jus' Mac. Because like the film Lost in Translation, that badboy really grows on you over time after the experience until it finally builds to the point like you are under the Imperius curse and you must get in your car and drive to the Heights for some good food. There is no other explanation than to say just like Americas, it is simply awesome. So I present for your consideration: a revised review of the place that earned foursies initially and has been granted the illustrious upgrayedd to fivesies.One of the neat things about a place like this is that the people running the show, or running the show from behind the scenes - who knows - actually care about what they do and how they do it in the community. One of the dudes behind the counter recognized me from last time and even unprompted, remembered my order. That is cool. That has never happened at Americas! The seven habits of a highly delicious dinner place (revised from the initial review) --1. Diversity in dish choices. All that Jus' Mac does is win-win-win . It took me nearly three minutes for my mind and my stomach to duke it out and reach a consensus that they wanted the Popeye option this time, going for the green and healthy stuff this time around the block. As delicious as the Buffalo Chicken was last time, I had to feel good and righteous that I was going to see a vegetable this month.2. Clever-curious-unique style. Jus' Mac hit that nail on the head converting a little old bungalow type of shanty house into a sleek, upscale looking trendy little restaurant in an immediately-industrial area that does not look like it caters to my kind of clientele. Yet inside you have pretty average whitecollarfolkpeople who look like they do bland whitecollarfolkpeople occupations like I do.3. Bang for the buck: I solved the expense problem - drop the soda and feel virtuous you are drinking water instead of something fancy like a beer or Mexican coke. Also don't order the most expensive option (Buffalo Chicken or the BBQ Pit dish) and you really cannot feel bad about what you get for the money. I had so much food I could not finish it all. And it was good, solid, tasty food I could not make at home in my kitchen very easily (let's just round up and assume I could come "close" to preserve my ego)4. Food quality. All that Jus' Mac does here is winwinwinwin. The mac, the spinach, the mushrooms, the other vegetablespiceherbwhatever things, the bread, and the tasty cheese coalesce into a tasty little slice of awesomeness. This was a good meal.5. Drink order regulation: Mexican Coke (on family-friendly days) and beer selection at all other points. Jus' Mac has an epic win on both counts. Mexican Coke? Check. Nice beer selection? Check. And they give you a big boy cup for water instead of one of those obnoxious little cups the size of a drop of water as their implied "you should have ordered a soda" jab.6. Limited hours of operation to make me feel like a true G that I googled/used the Yelp app to know when to come eat. I stepped into the place at 5:01 and there was no line, so I could stand and gawk at the menu for a few minutes. There was only one other table occupied in the small interior and nobody outside. Come in early for dinner and you get your pick of the litter on where you want to sit. Stretch out, bring a book to read, or knock out some e-mail from your iPhone - either way it is all good in the hood. Around 5:30 business starts to pick up and a line will have formed. Around 6:00 when I walked out it was rough seas to get a place to sit. So start a new trend of eatin' early and avoid the crowd, the earlier the better at this place.7. Television. Jus' Mac: you did well fixing the problem from last time. I was watching the news while eating and reading. I certainly am the master of multitasking.And an additional cross-promotion: great music. I whipped out my smartphone, used the Shazam app, and found some new "my gym playlist" music.This is a certified legit dinner option in Houston - consider trying it.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,11/20/2011,99,168,12,10,9>YES! YES!YES!Pappa Geno's is the ultimate celebration of the Philly cheese steak...arguably my favorite hot sandwich of all time (with the reuben trailing right behind).The shop is small and simple proudly displaying Sam's Club size tubs of Cheese Whiz, Geno's most prized condiment, at the counter.They offer an assortment of hot sandwiches and a few sides ( fries, fried mushrooms, etc), but I knew exactly what I came for: glorious, thinly shaved slices of beef, grilled onions, shrooms (add 50 cents - but you gotta), and of course,  cheese whiz.Don't get it twisted, I've never been to Philly, and have never experienced the real deal sandwich of brotherly love, but I do know they rock that cheese whiz and I wanted in.Having been a Texadelphia fan since high school, it was hard to resist the swiss, but I wanted authenticity.....and it was awesome.I took that piping hot beauty of a sandwich to go (after a breezy 5 minute wait) and could not wait to get into it.Verdict:Thank goodness I don't have thin walls, or my neighbors would be convinced something else was going down in my apartment........every bite evoked a "hmmmmmmmmmm" and an "ooooooh".........I'm utterly smitten.Geno's philly is what heaven must be like. The smooth mushrooms blended beautifully with the sweet and slippery grilled onions. Meanwhile the steak was cooked to perfection with cheese whiz dancing throughout the sandwich all held together with bread that may as well have been created by G-d himself.YES! YES! YES!I think you get the point.Know before you go: This is definitely more of a takeout place, but they do have a few tables if you can't manage making the drive home. Lastly, come with an empty stomach....this guy is HUGE (no side required).
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2011,11/19/2011,67,253,9,10,6>hey-yell yes. Such a delicious find down the road from Retreat Hill Cellars.this place is basically a love child between a delicious Luby's and Goode Co. We ordered:Sausage Sandwich - very good, buns are very tasteyBlackberry BBQ Sauce - so unique! we bought some to take homeRegular BBQ Sauce - had a bit of a kick to it, but I'm weakMac and cheese - SO GOODBroc. Cheese Casserole - as good as my grandmother would make. love it.Blackened Catfish - incredibly deliciousChicken Fried Steak - i personally do not like CFS, but those who ordered it, liked itOur waitress was Lauren - she was awesome. and not just because she has the best name ever. har har.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,11/18/2011,386,171,18,24,24>My darlings, I have a confession to make. Unfortunately for you, not of the "details regarding my impure thoughts starring Jon Hamm, Chris O'Dowd and the [former] Verizon Wireless Guy" variety. No, my sins are far less salacious than that, I'm afraid. Honestly, as much as I absolutely adore Khon's, I didn't much want to post a review of it. Since it's smack dab in the middle of Douchebag Country (Midtown, for those of you from out of town), I feared that typing "beer" - which would, of course, turn up in searches - would send their popped collars and misogyny hurtling straight towards my beloved oasis. But that wouldn't be fair to Khon's and its super chill, super amazing and super community-oriented M.O. Plus, the maybe two times I ever saw such disruptive, disrespectful individuals filter into the establishment, they jettisoned themselves quickly when they realized the women here aren't amused by their "pretending to trip and trying to cop a feel" antics. So, honestly, there's nothing to worry about.I'm not hyperbolizing when I declare Khon's amongst my top bars and coffee shops in Houston. Although I like to run through a socialization rotation so I support a wide range of local businesses, I always feel like I never come here nearly enough. I mean geez...it's got everything a girl needs that isn't Jon Hamm, Chris O'Dowd or the [former] Verizon Wireless Guy. Like a menu stuffed full of reasonably-priced Texas and Louisiana beers. And a nice variety of wines, sakes, coffees and teas. And Zapp's potato chips. And an art gallery. And a slew of fantastic music events. And, most notably, the always rockin' owner Khon Lu is ALL ABOUT supporting local organizations and events. The SlutWalk Houston sign making party and afterparty were both held here, as was Zine Fest. Not to mention all the times I see the bar's name pop up as a sponsor for local performing arts events. I came for the smooth chicory coffee and sweet Vietnamese coffee and stayed for the community engagement. Not only can I sip on some Abita Strawberry or Shiner Ruby Redbird and nosh on Zapp's deliciously spicy, sticky Cajun Crawtaters, I've also bought a Dylan Francis print for $7 and watched some excellent performances by fellow Yelper Tiziano Hernandez, Chris Becker, Tyagaraja, DJ Kool Emdee, Clory Martin, Andrew Karnavas, Thomas Helton and...ummm...a lot more than that, I think. If nobody's playing, the jukebox boasts a lovely array of eras and genres. There's darts, too. But for very obvious reasons I can't partake, so I can't say much about that particular offering. TL;DR version: Khon's rocks. Khon himself and his adorable family rock. Probably you should come here, especially if you're all about soaking up local art and music. But if you're more into the surrounding scene of flashing lights and violating everyone's personal space, it's best you mosey on elsewhere.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2011,11/17/2011,117,256,12,23,17>After returning from living in Japan this summer, I found myself craving some of the standard fare from my time there (I study Japan, so I'll be back this June for a year). I was so psyched to find this place, as the "irrashaimase!" I was greeted with quickly clued me in that this place was owned and run by actual Japanese people. No small feat in the U.S. They had such Japanese comfort food standards as hamburg, and Japanese style curry. And much to my sheer joy, they had lots of different udon and agedashi dofu (even if you think you don't like tofu, try this appetizer- or wikipedia it if you're curious. I tend to give the bonito on top to friends who eat fish.) I turned beat red when speaking to the wife of the couple who owns this place in Japanese (he makes the sushi and she does the table waiting), because it seemed so out of context in Houston. I could not stop blushing.I had been feeling homesick for Japan, but this helped a lot. Bonus was that I could easily read the menu, without having to labor over my slow kanji reading :) And they had delicious green tea, of course.This is a total sneaky secret place in Houston, but it's super good and super authentic. You must go find it today if you want to taste what it's like to eat in Japan. Bonus: The owners are from Okinawa, home of the longest lived people on the planet at last survey- due to their insanely healthy eating habits. Additional bonus: they get a lot of their fish flown in directly to TX from Japan. I'll add again that this is the holiest of holes in the wall, but in true Houston fashion it's really really worth it. Anyone want to go back with me?
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,11/16/2011,215,403,13,17,13>Debates about religion can cause tempers to flare, but I think people of all faiths or none would agree that the contribution of the Trappist Monks to the world of beer is nothing short of divine.If beer does move your spirit, then move your mortal coil over to Petrol Station.  When I saw the big Unibroue sign of the canoe carrying the Native Americans to heaven, I knew I arrived in the right spot.The selection is huge, impressive, with brews from the mainstream (like Anchor), imports, and tons of microbrews.  It's the kind of place that all the grad students go in college--good beer, cheap food, laid-back vibe.  It's the best examples of which I've frequented in every town that I've lived since I was able to drink.  It does have it's hipsterish edge, but most of the patrons on the weeknights are folks from the 'hood--Garden Oaks, that is.The lineage of this place is evident in the layout:  onetime garage, then coffeehouse, now pub.  It's open, has it's requisite amount of publy grunge, but at the same time has a sense that's it's been recently refurbished.  Good character.  And free wifi.  The outdoor patio is large, and a big plus.  There was even a photographer there doing a shoot for an article on outdoor dining in Houston.That gets you to four-stars, but what puts this pub over the top is the quality of the food--namely the burger.  It's in the Final Four of Houston Press' Burger Tournament this year, and I can see why.  It's a perfect balance of meat and simple toppings, thick but not too much.  I added cheddar and bacon and loved the thick bacon, to the perfect crispness that it breaks off and is in synchrony with all the other flavors.  The default temperature is medium well, so if you want to get ecoli you will need to tell them.  "Medium rare.  I'm down with the sickness!"Om mani padme hum--om mani padme hum--I think I've finally found a joint where I can reach pub zen.
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,11/15/2011,89,202,5,14,7>So you're really searching the burger scene in far SE metro Houston?  Check out the Barbed Rose in Alvin.  Inside, they're very fancy restaurant with exotic game meats.  But I'm not reviewing that.They got great burgers in a shack on the open side porch!  Unpainted picnic tables and ceiling fans.   Barbed Rose is wonderful in a whole different way that, say, Stomp's is not.  Barbed Rose is burger as haute cuisine, with goat cheese, mesquite smoked bacon, garlic aioli .  My wife and I dined there last Saturday.  The $5 glasses of house cab were a good deal.  I mean, a really good deal, and served in nice glasses.  It was $6 for a burger with 1 cheese and 1 topping; $9 for double-meat.  More for exotic patties like ostrich and buffalo; we wanted beef. I got their house smoked-bacon on mine.  Dang good burgers! and impressive for the price.  They were too aggressive on the salt, but everything else was good.  The manager dropped by the table.  My wife was telling him about the oversalt, but we couldn't really talk - a train was going by about 50' away, and blowing its whistle.  (otherwise, sitting out on the patio is pretty great.)They do a good job; check it out.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,11/14/2011,374,720,4,13,9>This place had been on my Yelp-dar for months.  I have quite an intense love of Indian food (as I've professed a billion times over by now, THAT'S HOW STRONGLY I FEEL ABOUT IT, okay?!) and lately, I've been less than pleased with my Indian food experiences.  But seeing this place pop up with high ratings on my friends' list gave me a renewed sense of Indian food hope.  Initial impression - holy crowded!  It was July 4th, dinner time, Himalaya was bumpin'.  My friends and I agreed that it would be permissible to order our food to go, but somehow the lovely owner/dude-in-charge managed to find us a newly vacated table.  It seems that most of the occupants were merely just placing and picking up to-go orders, so do be mindful of that possible crowding factor.  My friends and all ordered a sufficient amount of substenance.  I tried to order something that I now no longer remember (yeah yeah I need to just get on these reviews), but they had depleted it so the channa masala was suggested as a vegan alternative.  Now as much as I like channa masala, I don't necessarily order it all that often becuase I've managed to concoct a pretty darn decent rendition of it myself.  However this stuff was flipping good.  Somehow more complex and delicious than most I've had and yes, better than my version.  It was spicy, but not overwhelmingly so, the chickpeas were nicely cooked, but not mushy.  It was saucy, but not swimming in liquid.  It was pretty freaking wonderful.  I was down with it.  My friends were similarly impressed with their food and yes per them, the garlic naan is in fact extremely good.  Service was pretty tip top in that our waters were regularly refilled, plates were cleared, pristine ones brought to us.  No lag at all.  In closing, yes, I will possibly be back here.  The end.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2010,11/13/2011,196,278,,16,8>We were recently out in Tomball and looking for something comfortable for dinner, and we weren't in the mood for Goodson's.  A quick scan through Yelp brought us to Gianna Italian Kitchen.What a great neighborhood place.  Warm, inviting environment, even though it's nestled in a strip center.  Very friendly staff.  The kind of place where you're a regular on your second visit.And there's excellent Italian food - nothing trendy, but the type of Italian-American cuisine that comes to mind when most folks think of Italian.  A superb Caesar salad, with a spicy dressing made with actual anchovies.  Delicious pastas, and a deft hand on the grill with meats.Something we love:  Many of the dishes are available in either a full or an appetizer portion.  This lets kids (or those who aren't too hungry) dig deeper in the menu while not being stuck with a huge portion they won't finish.  More restaurants should consider doing this.Gianna is exactly the type of Italian restaurant we'd love to have in the Woodlands.  But we'll be driving to Tomball regularly to enjoy it.
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,11/12/2011,231,233,18,16,16>Love Letter to a Restaurant:If I could propose to an Italian restaurant, it would be you, Da Marco. You are the one. You have a very unassuming bar area, the kind I like to savor and spend some time in. You feel like home, but more dressed up and ready for a special occasion. Your waitstaff is... perfection. It makes me weak in the knees just thinking about how fast the emptiness of my bread plate would be replaced with a warm slice. How the wine came out quickly and efficiently, and how when my date's wineglass stem broke, it took not one second for a waiter to replace it and say comfortingly- "Don't worry, it happens all the time." Your tablecloths are white and clean as fresh snow. Your gnocchi is fluffy and light like air. The wild boar sausage was spiced perfectly and not greasy. Melted in my mouth. Your mango sorbet, to top it off, is surprisingly sweet but not in an inauthentic way. I felt happy chills on a summer night. Thank you, Da Marco, for the perfect birthday dinner. I will await our next meeting with breathless anticipation.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,11/11/2011,225,440,8,26,14>This is literally the best Baytown has to offer! Seriously!I know most of you don't even know where Baytown, TX is or would even take the chance of venturing that far outside of The Loop - but maybe you should! Dirty Bay is a great bar in the middle of old downtown Baytown. The atmosphere is warm and inviting with both booths, bar tables and lounge areas throughout. The back room houses a pool table and can also be reserved for private parties. The bar is always stocked and they have a menu of specialty drinks that are reasonably priced and tasty (well at least the few I've had). It's located in a historical building and shows off it's "bones" with exposed brick and beams that make you feel right at home. The bar owner is usually in house and is always friendly and accommodating!Super clean bathrooms - one extra large stall and one extra small stall for the ladies though. :-/ Regardless, I will be back, and probably often....or at least any time I'm drinking in Baytown!
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,11/10/2011,87,206,3,8,7>Hello my sweet delectable Indian delights. I have mixed emotions about sharing this review. I certainly don't want to compete with the masses on a Friday night, yet at the same time how can I not share my knowledge? This discovery was many years in the making. Driving by the location of this restaurant year after year, I kept imagining about what existed beyond it's doorstep. In my mind, I didn't think the food could possibly compare to the Indian meals of my childhood in London??? This kept me at bay because so few have ever lived up to my expectations this side of the great big pond.Lately, on my quest to share 365 things to do in Montgomery County, it has become necessity to explore the various options available to my community, and report my findings.The moment you walk through the doors you are greeted by a smiling host. You are also welcomed inside by the alluring and familiar scents of cardamom, coriander, saffron, and cumin. They waft through air hitting your nose just at the right moment, inviting and tempting you inside. We sat at a booth in the window and immediately began to devour the menu. Our host asked if we were interested in the buffet and as it's not my normal course of action I decided to peruse the menu before making any choices. They have just about everything you can imagine. Certainly, there is something for everyone to enjoy on their menu.Much to our delight we found Kingfisher Beer and immediately ordered two while we decided what to do. I took the opportunity to glance through the menu and look around the restaurant. It's a clean, dimly lit and cozy establishment. There was quite a mixed crowd enjoying their meal on this night. I noticed families, couples, and large groups. It appears that the quality and well priced food appeal to a wide range of people in our area.Best of all, it's calm and not too loud inside. I imagine it's great for a romantic meal or a dinner that you want to hear what's being discussed. I noticed the buffet line looked interesting, so I hopped up to investigate the offerings.I saw poppadoms, veggie pakoras, tandoori chicken, vegetable korma, a lamb curry, various rices, raita with cucumber, all the condiments, and several other mouth watering dishes. I noticed that the staff kept the buffet table clean and well stocked. I am not one to usually select this option, but for $14.99 each, it was the best and most viable choice, to get a true sampling of their menu.I ordered a Seekh kabob appetizer and we both decided on the buffet. Everything was fresh and tasted well cooked. Unfortunately, we didn't save enough room to sample the deserts, which I am sure, are just as good as everything else.The staff is super attentive and friendly. They were very good about switching your plates timely and providing your table with ample naan bread and drinks.Is it worthy of a repeat performance?? Absolutely!! Is it Americanized version? Perhaps, but no more so than many you find in London or throughout Europe. I seriously doubt that the vast majority of Western palettes are prepared for anything --- anymore more exotic. I am certain, if you asked for it more spicy, it can be arranged. =) Not only that, if you want the authentic experience tell them not to bring you a knife and fork. You will be well on your way to having an incredible Indian experience.Our meal was delicious. We even had enough Seekh kabob left for another meal. Anytime you can get a "twofer one" that's worthy of a star on it's own.It's our new go to for lunch and dinner. We will be back.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2011,11/9/2011,149,321,5,11,9>Oh my yes! This is what I have been waiting to find. And here it is, hiding on the side of the road in Friendswood, of all places. A REAL ASIAN restaurant!Spotted Nobi in passing many times and finally checked the yelp reviews yesterday. Was so happy to pop in today and be made to feel at home! Nobi's owner, B, comes from my hometown of San Jose! NorCal rules and so does Nobi. Just wow! Real Vietnamese bahn mi sandwiches and such a meal deal too. I know I'll be back here many times again and so will be happy to try out the various menu offerings. But, being that the char grilled pork sandwich was raved on not only in yelp reviews, but patrons in the place today, we ordered that. The meal deal came with wonton soup and what? really? A real Vietnamese coffee if I wanted it! Oh, well yes of course I do. I love to have that total zing of caffeine all afternoon to take me merrily through my day. $6.99 for this heavenly meal; eaten outside on small wrought iron tables in my favorite of places; parking lot patio! Woohooo! The food was great. Sandwich had great crunchy roll, totally fresh veggies, super hot jalapeños, and sweet, savory pork tidbits piled high! The soup came in a large bowl with three tasty wontons and between that and the sandwich, was almost too much to finish for me. After lunch, B took us next door to the mini mart to meet his brother. He is a fine wine and beer connoisseur who has quite the selection of quality products; who knew! Review for that place to come. Written in my travelogue: I will be a regular at this place for sure!
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,11/8/2011,38,55,4,12,8>Authentically Mexican, uniquely Yucateco, hands down one of the best restaurants in all of Houston. Twenty years ago, while a student at U of H looking for an inexpensive meal, I came upon Merida's Restaurant located on Navigation trying Cochinita Pibil for the first time. That meal forever changed my outlook on food, realizing more than just tacos eating Mexican varies considerably with each region, in this case, from the Yucatán peninsula. Most importantly eating is about culture, comfort, love and family the basis for sabor a la Mexicana and ultimately the nourishment food provides. This past week, suggesting to the wife Merida's after visiting family in Houston's tough Eastside Barrio, promising she will not be disappointed, yet internally hoping it still is from what I remember, she agrees. As soon as we walked in, I blushed as the memories gushed for the restaurant looks and feels as it did twenty years ago. Accenting the walls are decorative pyramids, iguanas, and rainforest paintings. The ambiance is festive, not touristy, more of a smaller divey place frequented by locals on the Mayan Riviera for a pleasant dinner. We both order perfectly delicious Margarita's! The alcohol to mix ratio is balanced, with fresh squeezed lime juice accenting high-quality tequila. The salt on the rim is the cherry on top for this liquid delight. The chips are good, but the salsa is disappointing. Very tomato-y, very red, and it lacked spice similar to canned tomato puree. Recognizing his error, the waiter apologetically returns replacing the tomato sauce with a freshly made salsa guarantying satisfaction. It consisted of chopped onions, cilantro, and garlic, blended with tomatillos, jalapenos and seasoned with salt. It had kick but was not unbearable a perfect companion to the chips. (BTW I'm guessing that red salsa is their non-spicy version, avoid it). Honestly, for me a menu was unnecessary blindly ordering Cochinita Pibil, the wife playing it safe orders the Tacos al Carbon. However, when the food arrived her eyes and mouth widened with a regretting twinkle and gasp. It was not that the Tacos were terrible they were quite good, only they were underwhelming compared to the star Cochinita plate consisting of black beans garnished with decorative radish, rice, garden salad, marinated red onions, and braised slow-roasted pork. Yes, it is as I remember, paradise on a plate. The meal is filling, savory, and succulent. I wholeheartedly recommend visiting Merida's for experiencing Yucateco style dishes without having to fly down to the peninsula.Enjoy!
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2010,11/7/2011,427,838,12,22,19>First things first: CALL AHEAD. SRSLY. This is perhaps the slowest service in the world. We'll get to that.More importantly: ALL HAIL THE BBQ GODS. This is the best brisket I've had in Houston since Thelma's. If you're a fan of Rudy's extra moist, you'll be in heaven after eating a slice of Gatlin's brisket.Last Thursday, I drove out to the Heights to meet the GF, who is a mac & cheese lover and was absolutely dying to try Jus Mac. Due to traffic issues, I arrived in the Heights about a half-hour before her. With time to kill, I figured I'd swing 5 minutes away to Gatlin's to check out the Alison Cook-recommended BBQ joint. Upon arrival, they were just about closed, but I placed an order. And waited. And waited.While there, I was treated to a dissertation on all things Gatlin's by a regular that we'll call Big Mike. While waiting for his order, Big Mike preached his Gatlin's philosophy, the first tenant being that you have to CALL AHEAD. Things are prepared here with love, you see, so that means plates are completed extra slowly. If you order at the counter, be prepared to wait a good 45 minutes to an hour. And they cook only enough for the day, so if they're out, they're out. But one nice thing is that even if they're the slowest preparers in the world, they're also the nicest hosts you'll ever find. Southern hospitality doesn't do the fine folks at Gatlin's justice.After waiting 30 minutes there, I could no longer leave the girlfriend sitting at Jus Mac, so I left, BBQ-less. Ever determined, I went back to Gatlin's the next day. But this time, I called at around 2:15, not even lunch hours. I was told the plate would be ready at 3. That's when I showed up. I still waited 10 more minutes.But if you're willing to put in the effort, man alive, this brisket hits the spot. Having not eaten lunch, I snuck a bite while wading through traffic. Instant gratification, and my mouth was watering the entire drive home. As mentioned, the brisket is on the "extra fatty" side, and the meat is supremely moist with a generous helping of fat in all bites. The thin smoke ring is equally phenomenal, topped with a decided char that is ensconced with flavor. I'm a sauce fan, and I really had no need for it here. But the sauce is just as delicious, even if they just give you a tiny bit in a cup (extras are 50 cents each).My other selections were only decent: the chicken and turkey came off a tad dry, although the reheated chicken actually held up quite nicely. I went with the potato salad and dirty rice, both of which tasted good but were unspectacular.But, most importantly, the pride of Texas. The brisket. Wow. And remember: call ahead, now.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,11/6/2011,102,148,6,7,8>Is it weird to update this place so soon? No, cool I didn't think so either. Well the truth is that my name is VictoR and I have a problem, that problem is being obsessed with this Royal Oak place. As you can see i have check in here a billion times and i decided to stop checking in since it only shows my problem. So I really like the happy hour, so much so that I broke up with Sherlocks. Now I will always love Sherls, with a special place in my heart, but then I met Royals and it was just an instant thing. I couldn't help it. Now I am not saying I won't ever go back to Sherls, its just that right now I want to have a good time and not ready to settle, you know what I mean? Sucks that Katie H had such a terrible time, I have not experienced this so I am still in love well, maybe more in deep like? This is what I like, the bartenders are always super cool, great service and friendly (i am not even blond!) Now I don't love everything here (sorry parm fries, how much grease, oil, lard, what is that?) but man those $5 basil pizza is freakin rad-diculous awesome, they also have wine bottle and other drink specials. As my review stated below, i park down the street to avoid the frogger westheimer road of death and valet issues
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2010,11/5/2011,178,1288,5,18,15>AWESOME little restaurant in the Heights.  If you read nothing else, then consider braving the construction and head over to Zelko for a delicious lunch or dinner. The first time I tried to find this place it was at night and I was unsuccessful. Quick Tip: It's directly across the street from Berryhill Tamales, and they have two areas for parking as well as street parking.I met some friends here for lunch and the place wasn't completely full, but I don't think it is anywhere near as loud as other people make it out to be. It seemed totally typical and I really don't like loud environments.  The service was very good and our waitress was very attentive the whole time. The tables are close together against the wall, but it really isn't that big of a deal unless you are having some type of really private conversation. Privacy is not something you should expect here because of the small interior.  The herb bread on the tables was tasty, but our main courses were excellent! My friend had the candied salmon ($10) which was small but very enjoyable. I had the Farmhouse Melt ($12) and oh my did it melt! It was awesome! It's center cut pork, cheese, greens, on toasted bread.  Wow, it was great.  It was accompanied by a large portion of fries which I shared with my friend had her meal was just too healthy.  I would absolutely positively get the Farmhouse Melt again.  For dessert we shared the raspberry cream cake which was fine, nothing special. I loved the look of the restaurant, the food, the service... it's an absolutely wonderful bistro. If I lived closer, I'd be a regular!  I will be making regular trips here whenever I can.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,11/4/2011,44,176,6,9,4>I LOVE PUPUSAS!!!!! I Do!!!! ! I DO!!!!!!! I was introduced to this cheesy heaven sent creations almost 20 years. My best friends Aunt made the best ones ever. I had one bite and fell in Love forever Now I Found a place to get them just like she made them........ TO GO $1.00 EACH!! Sorry I don't mean to Yell. I'm excited!!!! Pupusa Reveltas MUST TRY!!!! SOOOOOO GOOOOODD!! Then for $4.99..All you can eat....WHOA.... There's a lady at the pupusa station who asks which one of the six kinds you would like. I really like they have her handling these pieces of gold with gloves on.. Thank goodness. Everyone would be picking out the not so cheesy ones.It's very sanitary. I now know where to come when I'm Jonesing for A pupusa a oooey gooey goodness of Heaven.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,11/3/2011,64,239,6,10,10>Aaron Brothers is my favorite place to find frames. Unfortunately I wasn't allowed to go there for a while because my husband found the frame stashes under the couch, under the bed and in several closets. So maybe I have a problem. They have a great selection of frames of all sizes, even the weird and random proportions. Under normal conditions they are a little pricey. However twice a year, December/January and June/July, they have their Penny Sale. Which is buy one get one for a penny. What is great about the sale is that they don't just give you the cheapest items in your purchase for the sale. For example if you pick up two 11x14s and two 5x7s, one of the 11x14s will be a penny and one of the 5x7s will be a penny. This is refreshing when every other store that isn't Aaron Brothers will only apply the discount to the cheapest items. You can end up saving a lot of money which I used to justify my stashes. They also offer painting and drawing art products, Yankee Candles, extra large frames for paintings and mirrors. They also do custom framing and honor competitor coupons for said service.
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2010,11/2/2011,158,402,6,9,7>I remember one nite me and my friend K were hittin up a few places on Main St. and stumbled over here about 1am-ish... the line, the fact that it was the only spot open around was enuff to make me pass.... I never gave it a sot.. usually late night pizza places disappoint... Waxy cheese slices mixed with beer always makes my hangover feel that much worse....So after a few months of passing up this place I decided to hit it up after the Via Colori art fest.  It seemed like a different place.  I got 2 fresly made slices, had a brew, chatted about the movie posters (who knew some of robocop 2 was filmed in Houston?) and ate a pretty damn good slice of pie.  It ain't gourmet, but it's a helluva lot better than a chain place.I dunno if I'm ready to dive in for a late nite slice yet but it would get a nod for a daytime slice anytime I'm downtown...
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,11/1/2011,229,569,10,9,9>So I'm working a club one night. I've been at it too long, so someone calling me by name for a picture isn't a big deal. There it was, "Sergio." I respond. Then the sweet lady says, "You wrote a bad review of my place." Weird no? So I say, "It wasn't bad, I think I just caught you on a bad night." Next day--guess where I was? I'm going to stick to my guns. Still not the best tacos in town, but definitely good and better than my initial encounter with Asaderos. The dryness of the al pastor was not an issue this round. The Gringa is still a knockout and the best way to savor the al pastor meat best. The chicharron still makes me drool just thinking about it. I'm glad we're still friends Carreta ;)
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,10/31/2011,115,362,6,21,12>I generally cringe at reviews gushing "OMG, pack my bags because I'm never leaving this place." I find them pretty uncreative and of a sort with absolute - and therefore useless - superlatives like "BEST. COFFEE. EVER." Whatever, Napoleon. Like anyone can even know that.But honestly, that's the first sentiment that struck me as I entered Down House. A discreetly marked building with an open, vintage floor plan that is at once inviting yet refined. By vintage I don't mean the increasingly common mid-century modern, or the by now simply lazy 70's throwbacks. The aesthetic here harks back almost to the 20's with its ornate, dark wood, even apothecary-like bar at the back of the space, or the mustachioed, bowtied, waistcoated, even armbanded staff I saw scurrying about the place. There are dining tables scattered throughout, but also a central seating area complete with couches and coffee tables. Perhaps seeing my initial bewilderment, a host asked, "Breakfast? Coffee? What are we doing here?" I responded that I was there for breakfast, and was shown to my seat.The simple menu consisted of things like omelettes and breakfast tacos elevated with ingredients like venison sausage and local eggs. My eyes having alighted upon the breakfast torta, however, my mind was made up. An imposing sandwich on bolillo bread, with pulled pork, avocado, slaw, and a fried local egg on top made for an enjoyably messy and filling start to the day. And this was not just pork casually tossed on a sandwich and covered up by the other ingredients: rich and flavorful, tender pulled pork that I would put up against even some of the best BBQ joints in the city - indicative of the quality fare at Down House that this pork wasn't just served on its own. Paired with the creamy avocado and the runny egg, this was a torta masterpiece.Even my coffee took me aback. At many breakfast places you'll get served nearly burnt coffee that's been sitting in a pot waiting to be ordered while the line cook fries up your eggs and hash. But at Down House, this was full-bodied, French press coffee with all the flavors and oils of the (currently) South American beans left intact. The fact that this time-intensive service was performed without even being requested really sealed the deal.What's more, they have a nice selection of beers to go with your lunch, simply to quaff while standing at the bar, or paired by suggestion on the weekend brunch menu, which features the likes of gourmet chicken and waffles. Thus my initial comment: when/if Down House starts serving dinner, why would you ever leave? Come in for a delicious breakfast first thing in the morning, then repair to the couch for mid-morning coffee and newspaper reading, head back over to the table for a lunch of exquisite sandwiches and salads... There is even a sequestered room with a large table where you could have a work meeting.Down House makes a great addition to the Heights that is sure to enjoy a meteoric rise in popularity. Get over there quick.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,10/30/2011,119,124,11,14,14>Tucked away on the outskirts of Rice Village on Sunset, it's a very modest bar. You might just drive past it if you're not playing attention. There is a decent size patio that located in the front of the bar (with tables and chairs). It is shaded by some tall trees and a tall fence. Walk past the front and open the door and you'll notice to your right a modern Jukebox (fancy pants). To the left there are tables, a long bench and chairs. Walk a bit further and to your right is the bar area. It décor is very rustic as dark leather couches, brown granite counters on the tables, different tones of brown, with accents of flowers, candles and light placed in different spots. Not a bad spot to take a date on.  The serve specialty drinks hand crafted right before your eyes (The pours are heavy Oh YEAH!). It's always interesting to watch the bartends mix these types of drinks. I've never dated a bartender but, I'd imagine her mixing drinks and.......... (I'll let you fill this in).  There is a pretty long list of beers which always a good plus in my book (both draft and bottles). I tried the pizza and remember one pizza is good for two people. I had the Napa Pizza which had artichoke hearts, spinach, feta and paprika. It was really tasty but, I wasn't able to finish even with the help of my company (aptly named "the wall"). I also got the cheese plate. There were these large sized capers the size of a grape! Delicious, huge, salty and sour are words that could describe these capers. Oh yes, the cheese was good too. The service was fast and friendly. They do have different specials for everyday of the week (food and drinks). So if you want a place to discuss if "all fruits should be eaten firm and not soft" or other topics, check this place out.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2011,10/29/2011,269,274,6,14,10>I LOVE this restaurant.  Soma has a lot of things going for it.  Great food, Great fresh fish selection of the day, Seasonal menus, Chef inspired food, Incredible service,  great atmosphere, and finally, it's only a couple of blocks from my house.  The wife and I have rediscovered Soma in the last few months, our first visit was when it first opened and it was, meh... it could be better.  I think on that visit we were expecting a typical Houston Sushi Restaurant.  I begged the wife to give it another chance.  Finally a Friday night looking for something different, I suggested Soma.  I finally broke her.  Soma is a beautiful restaurant, the bar area is really laid back and the multi-tiered dining room with intimate 2 person booths along the back side of the bar and the giant booths under the white lime stone pillars, and of course the bar stools along the Sushi Bar.  Each part of the restaurant gives you different feel.  The wife and I have been doing Sushi Friday lately and Soma has been the place to do it.  We've figured out how to order, as I'm sure you have done at Sushi restaurants it's very easy to over order.  It doesn't help that everything sounds so good.  I've had a few things off the menu, the ramen is excellent, with noodles made in house and hand cut daily.  They have a seafood and pork ramen, the pork ramen is my favorite.  The robata dishes are delicious, especially the miso glazed Halibut cheek.  The presentation is bone and all.  You can't go wrong with the Korean BBQ, or the robata shortribs.  The wife and I have moved mainly to ordering from the raw fish selection and primarily  the fresh fish of the day from the famous "Tsukiji Fish Market" in Japan.  It's a little pricey, but worth it.  We cut out the robata to focus on the great fish selection.  They have Premium Blue Fin, Uni, Madai, Icelandic Arctic Char, Norwegian Ocean Trout, and New Zealand King Salmon.  They have a few other selection, but this is where I typically order from.  The Blue Fin also comes in a O-Toro and a Chu-Torro, depending on how much fat you want marbled into you fish.  Think of it as a premium steak, more fat marble means more flavor, O-Toro being fully marbled.  The New Zealand Salmon and Norwegian Ocean Trout is so smooth, it's like butter.  I can't remember having tasted a better Salmon.  If they ever have Hawaiian Big Eye Tuna, get it.  It's typically a premium grade and they'll drizzle a truffle soy on top with a few slivers of scallions.  The Truffle Soy makes it so good.  Also a favorite of mine is the Seared Peppercorn Tuna topped off with cilantro, garlic and a spicy ponzu sauce.  You can order all fresh fish Sashimi or Nigri,I recommended ordering sashimi instead of nigri, the rice just kills me. I'm one of those persons that doesn't care about the parking situation especially the valet parking   I know what goes into opening a restaurant.  If they don't have enough parking then the restaurant doesn't get to open it's doors.  Most of the time this involves securing parking offsite, so if they have to order a valet service to manage it I'm OK with that.  Imagine having a big signs with arrows "parking over here".  In many cases the extra parking being secured has to be leased, so once again I'm OK with a restaurant having a valet service to manage the parking.  I like how people just assume that the restaurant is just out to screw you, when they actually trying to make it a little easier to visit their establishment.  I am not an expert and wouldn't have a clue how to order if it wasn't for the servers.  The service is exceptional, every waiter we've had has had some great recommendations on what to order and how to order the food.Well, you know where I'm at on Friday nights, I hope to see you guys at Soma.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2011,10/28/2011,113,62,8,19,14>Note:  this is for their lunch only.Do you work in the Energy Corridor?  Love Indian food?  If so, you'll want to add Annam Indian Cuisine to your lunch rotation.  Annam, which is located right next to Brothers Pizza, has been open for about two months and the restaurant is a welcome addition to the corner of Park Row and Hwy 6.  Previously, if I wanted Indian cuisine for lunch, it entailed a 15 - 20 minute drive to get to get to the nearest place.  Now?  Less than 10 minutes, including traffic lights - whoo-hoo!  First, if you're looking for a lunch buffet, look elsewhere.  Yep, no buffet at Annam's.  I know, I was shocked as well.  It's probably a good thing since this place is small - it would be hard to accomodate more than one large group (6 - 8 people) at a time, much less a buffet section.  They do offer a lunch menu, and it''s pretty decent:  your choice of entree (lamb, chicken or vegetarian),  veggies, pulav rice and naan.  While it's not stated on the menu, your lunch also comes with an additional piece of tandoori chicken and dessert.  Hope you're hungry, otherwise you'll need a to-go box.  There are other items on the lunch menu but I can't recall them at this moment.I've been there twice so I can only comment on the chicken tikki masala and the lamb curry - both dishes were delicious.  The sauce for the chicken tikki masala is a lighter than what I've seen in other Indian restaurants yet it is still flavorful...and a little spicy - me likey!  This is probably the spiciest CTM that I've ever had.  It won't set your mouth on fire by any means but it might clear up your sinuses by the end of the meal.  The lamb curry was equally tasty and spicy.  The vegetable pulav rice that accompanied the dish was flavorful on it's own, though I mixed it with main entree choice.  On my first visit, I was surprised to see that the lunch included tandoori chicken and dessert.  Normally, I'm not a fan of tandoori chicken but Annam may have just changed my mind.  The tandoori chicken was tender and perfectly cooked.  Dessert-wise, they switch it up.  So far,  I have had a coffee-flavored brulee type dessert and regular custard type - yummy!  I hope next time they'll serve the kheer.Presentation-wise, the food  is served on a rectangular plate with tv-dinner type compartments.  Odd? Yes, but I'm okay with it.  The food is good, which is what matters.Other signs this is a good place?  Each time I've gone, there's been a big presence of Indian people.  Yay!!  Service-wise, it would be nice if they brought out the naan ahead of time.  On the first visit, my group was starving and it took a while to get the food.  On the second visit, though, the food came out superquick so maybe this was just initial growing pains of a new place.  Apart from that, the waiters were very nice, coming by in a timely manner, making sure everything was okay, and never letting your glass go empty.  The register is located at the back of the restaurant so I believe you're supposed to pay at the table.  Annam's almost makes me wish I lived out in this area again so that I could try their dinner offerings.  Guess I'll just have to happily make do with lunch.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2011,10/27/2011,556,161,5,9,7>I'd like to give SWEET a big high-5 and a hug for making my baby shower as sweet as the delicious cupcakes they provided.SWEET is a little morsel of a shop tucked away in the CityCentre around the corner from the Yard House (which is also deeeelicious) and RA sushi. I had a little issue with parking because I had to pay to park although I was just picking up my order, but quickly got over it once I stepped into SWEET's shop.There is a really nice vibe inside, like a comfy, yet modern, and clean/minimalist kind of feel. That seems to be the trend these days. I was greeted by fresh trays of just-iced cupcakes, still sitting in their sheet pans, teasing me on the counter. I love that all the cupcakes are decorated differently from garnish to icing style. It makes me not care to ask, "What kind of cupcake is that?" --- I'd rather be asking, "Can I get one of each?" They had little macaroons displayed around as well, and I'm not sure how I passed up splurging on some because they looked very cute and tasty.I made the call 2 nights before to pre-order 1 dozen strawberry mini-cupcakes (strawberry icing), and 1 dozen chocolate mini-cupcakes (chocolate icing/chocolate ganache) for my baby shower. I asked them to do "sprinkles" (more like sugar that sparkles) for 4 chocolate and 4 strawberry, and they gave me no hassle and threw it in as a complimentary service. While waiting in line for my cupcakes I had a 5 minute staring contest with a Hummingbird cupcake and a Peanutbutter cupcake. Being the sucker I am, I caved in and ordered both (Eating for two? Hell yes!) How can you say no to something that has a drop of jelly on top?I used the mini-cupcakes to decorate my homemade 3-tier cupcake tower and it was adorable, as a baby shower should be. I uploaded pictures on here to prove it! And to "put the icing on the cake" they happened to be DELICIOUS as well: not overly sweet, icing nice and soft, and cake very moist. I love it when my cupcakes taste exactly like what they're named after. I love this cupcake shop, much more than Crave's, and don't think I'll be able to wait for another occasion to indulge in their goodies again. Can you say, "Happy Unbirthday Cupcake" ?
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2010,10/26/2011,308,398,24,21,19>This minuscule place turns out some amazing items for dirt-cheap prices.  As soon as you walk in, you'll see the cases on your left side and the refrigerated case is in front of you next to the cash register.  Two small tables sit to your right, almost mocking you to sit there while the family members who operate this bakery watch you.For such a small space, they get a remarkable amount of foot traffic.  During my 10 minutes here Saturday, I saw no less than 4 other groups of customers come in, pick out their items, and leave.  I was there for 10 minutes but I could have easily finished up in about 4 minutes - why did I take that extra 6 minutes?  Well, since it was my first time, I eyeballed the cases but hesitated on grabbing my items.  This moment of hesitation yielded a couple with their baby in tow and they hogged up all of the space in front of the self-serve counter and I had to wait until they heaved to so that I could grab my own stuff.  Now that I know the drill and the first rule of Chinese Bakery Fight Club (Rule:  Get to grabbing!), I won't make that mistake again on the next visit.Picked out 2 BBQ buns ($1 each) and a coconut raisin pastry (85 cents), put them in a paper bag from on top of the case, paid, and left to eat it in my car.  (Yes, I did not take the challenge of sitting at that table.)  BBQ buns were very tasty and surprisingly filling for a light lunch.  The meat was a little chewy but still appetizing.  The coconut raisin pastry was sheer delight.  During the baking process, the coconut was fantastically toasted while leaving both the pastry and raisins pliable and moist.  I wish I had picked up a dozen to eat at home.  I will have more.  Soon.New Chinatown and I have a love-hate relationship.  Love them for their food offerings and cheap prices.  Hate them because of all of the horrible traffic and freaky drivers, all compounded on the weekend.  Case in point:  As I sat in my car, another car pulled up and disgorged a party of four.  Dude in the back seat flings open his door into my car - and I'm sitting right there.  Even a patented "Pissed Off Asian Man" glare didn't rattle him - I guess, as another Asian man, he had the counterspell.  Next time, I'm throwing one of my buns at him.Or, maybe I'll take the bus next time I visit the delectable King Bakery to try out more stuff.  Eh, who am I kidding?  No one takes the bus here - can I just hitch a ride in your car so that it gets the dings?  Come on, I'll buy you a pastry.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2011,10/25/2011,60,5,12,12,12>You hate it when you're talking about how you really like something at some well-known and popular restaurant and some hipster says something like "Sure, it's ok... if you like mainstream, but the best in the city is at this tiny place that you've never heard of" (it seems like there might be bonus points involved if this mystical hole-in-the-wall place is in an obscure location like an office building, the downtown tunnels or, let's say, a gas station). I know. I hate that too.I'd still like you to bear with me on this review, because I might be channeling my inner hipster here or I might not.There are plenty of places in town to get a decent gyro and the obvious places like Niko Niko's and One's A Meal (Theo's) do a good job... but the best gyro in the city is here, at a 'restaurant' in a gas station.The food here is freshly made in front of you in an open kitchen. The service is efficient, and, while not exactly friendly, perfectly pleasant. Everything I've tried here is good but the gyro is what keeps me coming back and recommending this place to friends: The meat is perfectly moist without being greasy and perfectly seasoned, the pita is soft and a little springy (as it should be), the tomatoes, and lettuce are fresh and the tzatziki is perfectly balanced. The fries? Not really my kind of fries but not terrible.So, why only 4 stars if it's the best in the city? Well... it's a gas station. It doesn't exactly have ambience (unless you like watching people gassing-up their trucks), interior seating is cramped and just a little weird and exterior is essentially sitting on a gas station forecourt with all of the noise and smells involved with that.So maybe when you try it you won't get to say "I liked it before it was cool" like a true hipster but you might get to say "The best gyro in the city is at a gas station/deli by the Galleria".Ekko's Greek American Deli? Oh, yeah... I liked it when it was Stelio's. [/hipster]
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,10/24/2011,265,191,6,12,9>Your eyes aren't deceiving you...I really threw 5-Stars up there for Tango & Malbec. I just couldn't find a negative point for this South American resto. From the ambiance, the service, the food...everything was on point and beyond. I will give you the one significant tip that can bump up your four star experience to a five star: request Robert as your server. In fact, the next time we dine here we will call ahead to make sure he is available that night. He single-handedly enriched our dining experience up to the 5-star level. He was a previous sommelier at Bistro Alex, a server at Brennans, his long list of experience and accolades goes on & on at several Houston institutions and it shows. He's definitely a service professional. But more on him later.This past weekend the Sunday supper club's delegation of "restaurant picking" fell on me. It took me at least an hour to come up with something new & interesting for our group of four. Having dined at Da Marco the previous night, I wanted to switch up the flavors. And so I poured over Yelp and finally stumbled upon Tango & Malbec. I was intrigued by the promise of Argentinian cuisine and of course a good glass of Malbec!When we entered the restaurant at a quarter to 6pm, it was still fairly empty. To our left was the bar area and to the right was the dimly lit, dark red main dining room. We were seated in one of the high-chair leather booths overlooking the main floor. At once, several runners came to pour us glasses of water, bring out the bread basket with the accompanying chimichurri sauce, and our star server, Robert, presented himself.Being overwhelmed by the menu, I asked Robert for his recommendation on a blended Malbec. He gave me 2-3 suggestions before I settled on one lovely glass of wine whose name escapes me at the moment. When our group asked for recommendations (I was with a few friends who had a wide range of experience in south american cuisine), he steered us all in the right direction according to our flavor preferences. For me, I was craving a steak type entree with chimichurri sauce &  I ended up with the Brochetes de Beef Tenderloin: tender chunks of beef with grilled onions, red bell peppers, and other accompaniments over a bed of rice saturated with chimichurri sauce. My other dining companions had the Brochetes chicken el yogurt, the Cambalache, and the Cazuela de Mariscos. For once, we dined in complete silence (save for the clinking of silverware) savoring every morsel of our meal. There isn't a superlative that I can even use to describe how ridiculously delicious my meal was. My companions felt the same about theirs.Having no room for dessert, we all decided on having coffee and we were pleasantly surprised that they brewed a delicious, Texas grown coffee bean (Givas?). By the end of our meal, the once empty dining area was buzzing with patrons. We didn't want our experience to end so we moved our little party to the bar where we had mojitos and Peruvian beer. We ended up spending a total of 4.5 hours at this establishment and had it not been a Sunday night we would've probably stayed longer. Robert even came back to the bar to chit-chat with us (and to gossip about up and coming restaurants). I will definitely enjoy this little gem and will return during the rumored Tango nights.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2011,10/23/2011,343,368,11,15,11>Mankind needs to switch back to cooking by coals.  Why did we ever use gas, wood, and electricity?  Everything tastes better when barbecued on coals including but not limited to: hamburgers, veggies, hotdogs, and now, Korean meats.  Something magical must exist in those glowing embers that makes food taste so delicious.Tonight was the first time in my Korean BBQ excursions that I cooked bulgogi and calbi meats by charcoal.  I've seen this happen on television and in folklores but never experienced it in person.  The pre-marinated meats here caramelized perfectly on the netted grills.  The pork belly was tender and fresh.  The sides were all the typical sides you would find at most Korean restaurants.  However, the fish cakes encased in egg was a hit, judging by the way my friends inhaled it.The service at the BBQ Garden Korean Restaurant was top notch.  All of the sides and drinks were refilled quickly without asking.  When the grills got excessively burnt from fat drippings, a new one was swapped to replace them.  The bathroom was also very clean, not just by "Asian standards."  When the check came for 16 people, multiple credit cards were swiped without complaint.  This was on the pricier side, but with bellies full of meats, tofu soup, and egg dishes.. who can complain? Houston has a new top Korean BBQ restaurant.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,10/22/2011,251,713,15,16,15>What was your favorite childhood school-related memory?  No, really think about it.  Was it lunchtime?  Annual musical rehersals?  Playground time?  Kickball days?  Obstacle course day?  The days your school-sponsored book orders came in?  Science Fair?  Or...was it field trip days?Twenty years later (or so) and this girl (lady) occasionally wants to pack a lunch consisting of an Antone's Sandwich, chocolate pudding cup, Capri-Sun, and a bag of cheese puffs.  I'd call in sick and head out on an adventure.  Specifically, I'd want to go see those crazy dinosaur bones and look at some gemstones, ride around Hermann Park on the train, then head to Miller Outdoor Theatre's hill for my picnic.  Later that afternoon, I would awaken to a gaggle of school kids standing around me wondering who the crazy old lady is who hit her head on some rock while rolling down the hill.I have the fondest childhood memories of Houston Museum of Natural Science (HMNS).  I learned many interesting things that have stuck with me, which is quite a rarity after twenty or so years of other knowledge crowding into my brain.  I learned to question the facts placed in front of me, to be inquisitive and feed my curiosity.  I learned that giant animals roamed the Earth 200 million years ago.  I learned that things change, and that there was a time before dodge ball and gas rationing; people had to invent story telling and tools and wheels.  That gems come in every shade, and that butterflies do, as well.  I learned one way to show that the Earth rotates is by watching a (Foucualt) pendulum knock over little blocks standing in a circle around the pendulum. We would learn all of these things, then go eat our Antone's sandwiches at Miller Outdoor.  Those days were magical; those were the days that I learned that learning can be fun.  Frankly, I don't go as often as I'd like.  I have an aversion to school groups, and it is a bit pricey nowadays.  However, I have seen two rather extraordinary things in the past few years.  The People's Princess exhibit replete with her Elizabeth/David Emanuel wedding dress and its 25 foot train, a smattering of her clothes from the 80s and 90s, and the stacks of guest books from her funeral.  I also saw an IMAX close-up of Bill Nighy giving a speech to the media, vainly trying to reassure them that the Ministry of Magic was still in control.  All the while, his eye and cheek muscles were dancing a jig in a nervous tic.  I saw the entire movie there, but I think that in the world of CGI we've unfortunately taken a lumbering swan dive into, his acting, his failing composure, was extraordinary.  I'm a bit sad that I can't make it three not two and say I saw (and smelled) Lois, the corpse flower.  Alas, I missed out on her stench.  I mean, odor.  I mean, fragrance.HMNS, you were my 500th.  Was it as good for you as it was for me?  Never mind, don't answer that.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,10/21/2011,182,90,6,14,8>Thank You Yelpers on your help finding a GREAT waxing place with superb service, quality, and price.I have started coming here to look for the most bang for my buck and this place has it. I love the fact that they have Tuesday and Thursday "Thank You" Specials of $55 Brazilian Wax. Being a full-time, unemployed student...this definitely has been affordable for me. They even give you $5 credit for recommending friends. They use the Blue wax that is applied on and pretty much dries into a strip. I have Becky as my waxer who just does the most amazing job. She makes me feel comfortable, provides advice, and she is just an amazing person to talk to. All the previous reviews are all true! She really gets all the hairs and gets all the baby ones and stubborn ones.Note Location::: This place is located within the corridors of the Main Street Theater so you will not be able to see it from the street.Highly recommended, I am definitely a returning customer!
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2011,10/20/2011,63,52,5,15,12>Wanting to go out to eat on a weekend night but nearly everywhere has a long wait or you're unsure of where to go fill your tummy? No need to look any further than Barnaby's.I experienced the former first hand a few evenings ago. When a friend wanted to go out for a nice meal that finally didn't include Chili's or Applebee's, the sky was the limit on places I could introduce them to. Would it be Brassiere 19? Benjy's? Soma Sushi? Or any number of good places to eat in Houston for a nice dinner? It would have been either of those places if it weren't for us deciding to dine out on a Friday evening after 9 p.m. and places were packed. With a growing appetite that couldn't stomach the long waits, I suggested Barnaby's. When pressed on what was Barnaby's and what type of food is served there, I told my friend it was a cafe and they weren't impressed. Of course that all changed once we arrived and saw numerous plates of mouth-watering foods as we maneuvered our way around several tables to seat ourselves at a booth.There was no wait to be seated this particular Friday evening (usually there isn't a wait at all at this location), a major plus for my dining companion. Our server came within five minutes of us being seated to greet us and asked us what we would like to drink. Ordering for my friend, I asked for the Strawberry Lemonade for each of us. Once our beverages arrived, we sipped away the stress from finding somewhere to dine and enjoying the sweet and slightly tart freshly made in-house lemonade.We ordered the sweet potatoes fries as a starter, giving us more time to peruse the menu. Once the fries arrived, piled as high as a mini mountain, we were ready to chow down. Sadly, the fries weren't as tasty as they appeared but that didn't stop us from dipping them into the barbecue sauce that accompanied them. In doing that, it was the fries only saving grace as it was ours as we finally were able to stave off our hunger enough to decide on what to order.I ordered the salmon with green beans and rice pilaf, plus a Caesar salad and my friend ordered the lasagna. The portions were huge, especially the lasagna. The lasagna covered the entire plate. When asked how the lasagna fared, my dining companion replied that it was pretty good... then again, this is a friend who thinks Chili's food is actually good. I on the other hand was disappointed with my dish. The salmon was dense, overcooked, and had no flavor. While I prefer my veggies to be crisp tender (some would say to the point where it's still raw but I disagree), the green beans were nearly raw, making them inedible. The rice pilaf was decent especially with the addition of quinoa, adding a nutty flavor that complimented the rice and finely chopped vegetables. All-in-all, the meal hit the spot for a late, last-minute dinner on a Friday evening. Would I go back again? Of course I would! I've been coming here for a while now and usually enjoy what I order.The overcooked salmon and raw green beans aside, Barnaby's serves good comfort food. Although a little overpriced, Barnaby's does offers good specials. Monday evenings, chicken fried steaks are $10, Tuesdays, Texas beers and select wines by the glass are $2, and don't forget the Recession brownie with a scoop of ice cream for $1. Most importantly, my friend really enjoyed their meal, that Barnaby's has surpassed Chili's on their list... and believe me, that's a big accomplishment.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,10/19/2011,305,198,10,11,12>My mother is going to hate me if she ever finds out I wrote this review. Why? Because she is a waitress at a Korean restaurant accross the street who makes her money in tips and I love this place partially because I don't have to bum over an extra couple of bucks for a tip I really don't want to pay.The not so fantastic thing about this restaurant is it is a food court retaurant in the middle of a Korean grocery store. Because it is a food court, you don't get the typical banchan (korean side dish) service. But dare I say it... WHO CARES?!! These entrees are marked down a ridiculous amount in comparison to your typical Korean . The most expensive thing on the menu is Kalbi Jim which is selling for $11.99. Not bad considering I decided I wanted to make some kalbi jim one day, and because the meat has to be high quality and a specific cut (english short ribs... fantastic!) it is a very expensive cut. When trying to make it on my own, I found out that you'd have to spend about $30 on enough ribs to feed 4 people. That doesn't include all the other ingredients that go into this dish. If you also consider the fact that your normal Kalbi Jim dish normally goes for $20-ish at other Korean restaurants, I assume it is safe to say that ordering this sweet, fork tender and slow cooked dish here should be considered a steal. The best part is, the food is actually yummier here then at the several local dine-in/table service restaurants.The bibimbop dishes (fried rice) are another fantastic dish that everyone should try in their life time. Trust me, you haven't had fried rice until you've had KOREAN fried rice!My favorite is the dweji-bul go gi dol sot bi bim bap. For those of you who are confused, its the #3. The fried rice is served in a hot stone bowl (still sizzling when the serve it to you). They layer all the ingredients in the hot bowl. Rice goes at the bottom, mushrooms and veggies top the rice and marinaded meat is on top! They crack an egg over the top  so that the yolk can moisten the dish like a dressing (instead of using oil/butter... mmmm! Cholesterol!). When you get the dish, you mix the ingredients together (remember, the dish is still cooking in the hot bowl when they serve it to you) and you add the condiment they give you (red pepper paste) to flavor it to your taste. And again, my mother will hate me for saying this, but it tastes better than what you'd get at the local restaurants.(This restaurant has been renamed BiBimJi Express!)
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,10/18/2011,540,73,10,10,9>Great place to stop for a bite! It's got a buzzer-style order method - after ordering at the counter you get a buzzer that'll go off when your food is ready. After I placed my order for fish tacos (which were dee-lish) I made my way over to this red box thing that they told me was the soda machine...THIS THING IS AMAZING! It has a touch screen to select your drink however, the menu doesn't stop there - there are sub categories available for if you'd like to add vanilla, cherry, peach etc. to your drink! The drink possibilities on this thing are endless - you just have to experience it to truly be able to grasp its awesomeness. The ambiance is great too. The decor is trendy and comfortable (lots of wood and shiny tin ceiling tiles), and the patio is both relaxing and spacious. They have a full service bar PLUS gelato and dessert cases....This Black Walnut gets CINCO gold stars!!!
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2010,10/17/2011,29,177,3,9,7>Ok, for my second visit back I have confirmation that the bread puddingish desert is in fact - Mexican Bread Pudding, AND that El Bolillo does it excellently (this is after trying it elsewhere)!!O.M.G.  It is to die for!!I also opted for some of the shortbread sandies with a rasberry center, 2 pumpkin pecan (?) empanadas, a small rasberry tart, and a piece of pineapple upside down cake.The small sandies were good (I had them before, so El Bolillo is consistent) as were the empanadas.The rasberry tart was good, but I don't know if I would order it again.The pineapple upside cake I would definately NOT order again....not bad, just not great!!I will continue to come back here for that Mexican bread pudding--it is great!
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,10/16/2011,439,285,1,11,9>Ever have a craving for something you GOTTA have?  I mean, you know that "I must have ice cream RIGHT NOW craving?".  Well, today I had one for a kebab.  I needed one and I needed it right now.   So, I hop in my car and find that the place I thought of first was closed!  This does not please me, so I drove down loop 6 to Shish KaBob Cafe :)Looking at first impressions, this place disappoints.  It is in a strip mall and doesn't really stand out.  Walking in, it appears to be a small "fast food" like store, but appearances are deceiving.I perused the menu and decided on the koobideh kebab, with a shirazi salad.  For you who do not know what koobideh is, its an Iranian minced meat, usually beef or lamb, or a combo.  This one?  I have no idea :)  It was tasty!  The salad was okay, but had way too much onion in it.  Good flavour however.  The kebab arrived later, perched across the top of a plate of jasmine rice.  The kebab was VERY good -- nice grill marks on the top, and juicy on the inside!  I was impressed.  It was very nice.Overall, its not really about the decor here or the service.  Both were forgettable.  What was good was the food, and that is what I came for!So, with my appetite sated and my craving gone, I went home to think about all that wonderful food.  If you're in this part of Houston, come here.  You will leave happy!Edit:  FYI, the meat is Halal here if that matters to you.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2010,10/15/2011,77,240,13,13,10>What an awesome place to just hang out round the fire, eat gourmet sausage, drink really good beer and toss horseshoes. I feel slightly guilty as we came here to introduce a visitor from the UK to Houston bar life and for some reason the barman singled me out and gave me a free beer, saying "Welcome to Texas". I was really thrilled yet terribly confused, just the occasion when a beer comes in handy. The staff were super friendly and accommodating and this place will surely succeed. Males take note, whilst there is a Ladies room, you guys have to use a Port o potty. Hee, hee. The upside is one can lean on the door and lock someone in, the downside is they can hear the laughter through the holes on the side. Hypothetically, of course.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2011,10/14/2011,137,234,9,12,10>The quetzal is a beautiful, central american species of bird known for its bright, multi-colored feathers. Ancient MesoAmerican cultures were attracted to this birds abundant rainbow plumage, and worshiped the species for centuries. The quetzal is still revered for both its physical appearance and its song, so imagine my surprise when I saw one hiding on Hillcroft. It wasnt actually a bird, but a central american bakery (sorry for the subtle misdirection) serving up cheap, homecooked style meals and delicious breads and pan dulces.  Some of the platos del dias are standard Mexican tacos or tortas, but other options include Salvadoran and Guatemalan specialty pupusas and other intriguing dishes. Everything is very authentic and tastes great, and its worthwhile to stop and pay this bird a visit if you're in the area.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2011,10/13/2011,172,157,9,8,14>Like pavlov dogs,untrained bakers like myselfdrool at the sound of thetimer announcing the completionof yummy treats.So when I challenged my dessert loving friends of Dessertology in December of 2010, to come up with unique cookie recipes.I knew they would totally "bring it."Oh and they did... Fellow yelpers,Katherine S. and Lori H. brought2 or 3 cookie recipes a piece.Coo coo for cookiesis an understatement.Cookies in neat array,tray after tray.Oh what a happy day!countless shapes, colors, recipesone after the other.C  Cooking cookies at homeO  opens the senses, prompting O  ovations from sweet lovers.K   Kaleidescope of choices,I    in each bite is a surprise.E   Enjoy cookies with friendsS   smiles and laughter abound.In this cookie world,there were four islands.2 dedicated to cookies, 1 for dining basics (i.e. plates/napkins)and the final one for drinks (water/coffee/hot cocoa).My only gripe is the layout of thestations could have been more efficient(example: dining basics first, cookies second,drink station third). A more logical flow wouldhave been created a better experience andless questions about (where's x, y or z thing?).After the cookie feast was over,we got in touch with Sesame Streetto donate to the cookie monster cookie fund.Just kidding, april fools! In our sugar high state,we managed to selectthe cookies we'd eat later to take home. All in all, it was a calm quiet settingto swap cookie recipes and cookies,a pretty good experience.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2011,10/12/2011,216,95,8,14,15>My old gym decided to raise my rates by 5 times (ugh don't ask) so I went on the hunt for a new gym a couple of months ago.My gym criteria:1) close to my home so I have no excuses ;)2) kickboxing/boxing classes where you punch a bag not the air3) decent equipment My former trainer was a martial arts competitor so we did a lot of kickboxing.  Fit is one of the few gyms inside the loop with kickboxing classes multiple days a week morning and evening.  The instructor Ben does a good job of making the class challenging and fun.I was really impressed with the Keiser spinning bikes.  Instead of the traditional-style bikes, these have magnetic resistance.  This means instead of turning the resistance knob and going by "feel," you can set your resistance to a number from 1 to 25.  This allows get a consistent workout every time.  I have also enjoyed the spinning classes.  The instructors are extremely fit, and they push you hard.I haven't had a chance to check out the cardio equipment or weights area much yet.  I did notice the cardio equipment does not have built-in TVs like some other gyms.  The equipment is in decent shape though.Also, don't let the better-than-average looking clientele deter you.  This means you go to a gym with people who are serious about working out.  It also means the classes tend to be harder than other gyms I have belonged to which is a plus.The downtown view is great too!  :)
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,10/11/2011,31,35,12,15,18>OK, let me start this one off with a proposition:Rate this place less than 3 stars and I will karate chop you. In. The. Face.Maybe my recent move to the Heights has really brought out my inner yuppie, but unequivocally, Revival Market is amazing. I took my first visit a couple weeks back and was blown away. There is so much to love in this shop. First, the lay of the land. For a strip center storefront, this place sure feels like the real-deal. Impeccable modern-country vibe, delicious artisan goods everywhere, butcher case full of every variety of delectable fresh meats.. if you love your taste buds, this is a wonderland. And someone put some real thought and care into putting it together.Second, the FOOD. I was probably a little behind on this, but I discovered Slow Dough sourdough thanks to RM.. and I'm a convert. Amazing. Fresh soppressata and feta, insanely good cuts of meat, X amount of handmade sauces... ready-to-rock desserts.. Never have I wanted to eat such a large percentage of a store's inventory at once.  Third, the FOOD. Their menu is full of constantly-changing one-off meals, each well-thought out, unique, and (I'm sure) delicious. The pulled pork sandwich? Amazing. Breakfast tacos? Amazing. Cole slaw? Best I have ever had. Looking forward to eating my way through the rest of menu.Last, everything else about the place. Yes, it is not cheap. People are spoiled by the price of food produced with ultramodern processes on the scale to feed our entire country. No, P&G did not produce 25 million jars of this homemade soy sauce in one shot, so yes, the fact that it costs $8 instead of $2 is necessary to pay for expense and margin of the producer. Real food costs money, and the fact that people still care enough to support a local business that sells quality local produce, gives me more hope for the future than a million boxes of ready-made meals at bargain prices ever could.Long live Revival Market!
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,10/10/2011,687,439,17,24,15>Look down.  You have your ex-girlfriend's name on your ankle? Perhaps you have some Chinese character you thought meant "warrior" but really means "gassy" branded on your chest.  No problem here!This place is great.  I called in this morning with a groupon and got in this afternoon.  They have some cooling machine - kinda like a blow dryer that blow dries cold air that they use while they are frying your skin.  Awesome!See, I've had other tattoos removed.  Apparently I made some poor decisions as soon as I hit the legal age to get 'em... and this place was quick, clean, and very affordable (even if I didn't have a groupon).I had an appointment with a competitor and they wanted to charge me about $1,500 for a few session.  SAY WHAT?  And those sessions were locked in.  Here, you pay as you go and you lose that stupid tattoo you got in the Navy that all your shipmates said was cool and you were too drunk to know any better.  Highly recommend.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,10/9/2011,156,143,7,9,10>Recently I took the woman in to find her a swimsuit for the summer.    It was on a whim and she hadn't even thought about what she might like.Without fail it took a very small amount of time before the eyes glazed over and a she was a wash with desire for multiple items througout the store.    But as any woman will attest to, one must try it on.    So with so many options on tops and bottoms and wraps etc, the staff was constantly bringing things back and forth to her.     Meanwhile they were also very apt at engaging me in conversation that was not trite or boring, so that even I enjoyed my experience.At the end of the day, I think she was happy with her selection.  I know I was :)
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,10/8/2011,159,62,8,10,9>This barbecue house is top notch and currently my favorite spot. I have been here several times and it's simply super tasty upon each visit.The ribs, sausage, and brisket are all very good. Usually Im not crazy about at least one of the meats offered at barbecue establishments, but this place hits them all out of the park. Very clean inside and located in an area where you would not really expect it in a shopping strip off of woodway around Ritzville. Apparently the owner is a huge Aggies fan as during my last visit there was a little jokeful friction between him and a customer that happened to be a Longhorn fan. For myself, my belly does not discriminate or profile anybody when it comes down to some delicious food they are serving. They could be some Lambda Lambda Lambda's from Adams College for all I bother, and even though we are divided on the appreciation of the bush, I would disregard all for excellent food.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,10/7/2011,447,558,3,9,6>My husband and I have been trying to find places that serve interesting, high-quality cocktails in Houston.  There are quite a few!  But Beavers is probably our favorite.  The Forecast has the perfect combination of cool and spicy.  I have tried other drinks, all of which were great, but I keep coming back to the Forecast. Considering the quality, drinks are not terribly expensive here either. We had 5 for $43 (before tip), and I believe last time when I ordered frozen drinks, the total was even less.I had a pleasant dinner here once (fried chicken, recommended by a very nice guy named Jonathan), but it has been too long ago for me to write a legitimate review of that food. I recently discovered that I love Fried Green Tomatoes.  So I thought Beavers would be a good place to enjoy some. But on this item, they disappointed. For having so much going on (stuffed with sausage, topped with sauce) they weren't particularly tasty.  And the texture of the tomato + stuffing didn't work for me. I prefer a more traditional apprach, like at Jasper's; to each his own though. I will just try something else next time.We've only sat outside, so I can't really speak to the atmosphere of the interior. The outdoor seating is somewhat spartan--umbrellas, wooden picnic table, rocks, fans.  Nothing particularly noteworthy about it, but perfectly pleasant and low-key.  The huge fans particularly helped since it was still 95 degrees at 10pm last night. Though we have many more establishments bookmarked to try, we will definitely return to Beaver's.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,10/6/2011,364,610,1,19,9>Monument Inn has been around for many years. It's also had a couple of incarnations.  Apparently, it was once over near the Battleship Texas but burned to the ground.  It was rebuilt in the new location, apparently and has not looked back.  It's an institution in the area, and I can see why.Entering the building for the first time can be a bit confusing.  The main dining room is upstairs.  The downstairs is set up for large group reservations.  Not to worry for those of you who may be physically unable to climb the stairs up to the temple of seafood dining.  There is a lift chair that the staff is happy to help you with.  Send an antelope physiqued person up to get the assistance and voila, you're upstairs and ready to join the throngs.Yep, throngs.  Monument Inn is popular.  At peak times and holidays, you can't stir the people with a stick.  They're in the bar area, they're in the upstairs entry, their in the stairwell, they're hanging out in the downstairs entry, they're outside, they're EVERYWHERE!  One thing about this place, it's as good a place to take your date as it is to round up all 20 of your local family members and celebrate granny's birthday.  Large groups gather in the main dining room as well as the private reserved rooms downstairs.  Small groups, couples, and singletons generally get a good seat near the windows, which overlook the ship channel.  Now, I know what you're thinking "ICKY SHIP CHANNEL??".  Think again.  It's not a pristine water way, but it is actually kind of pretty, especially around sundown.  There is a nearby bay that you can see from the seats and the night reflections on the water from the fairy-city like refineries is pretty.  Really.  A few seats toward the back of the house allow an oblique view of the San Jacinto Monument.  That's nice too.On to food, there is nothing FANCY here.  There is good food served in abundant quantities.  When seated and after drink orders are taken, you get a bread basket.  I'm not sure of the formula they use to decide how many rolls you get, but sometimes 2 people get 1 dinner roll.  Oh well, for us it is no big deal, since I don't eat much bread.  There are also amazingly good cinnamon rolls in that basket.  I do like those.  I take them home for breakfast on the next day.  For drinks, you must try the iced tea.  I am not sure why, but their iced tea is some of the best I have had.  We've tried a lot of the dishes on the menu and have liked everything we have tried.  Appetizer favorites for us are fried alligator, Cajun popcorn, and the spicy and tasty crab stuffed jalapenos.  I can also say that their oysters on the half-shell are fresh and well shucked.  The one time they didn't look right, I let the manager know and he quickly replaced them with a couple more for lagniappe.  Yay!  The hub loves their baked potato soup.  The crawfish bisque is pretty good too.  For entrees, I suggest the half Cajun popcorn half crawfish etouffe.  Their fresh fish with choice of sauce are always a winner.  Hub gets the Fisherman's Platter.  He's a shrimp and catfish fiend so he gets catfish, shrimp and then substitutes more shrimp for the oysters.  The fried shrimp are good and do not taste like they come out of a frozen box of 24.  The steaks are well cooked and come with a baked potato or fries.  I like them when I'm not in the mood for things that swim.  Oh, and surprisingly enough, the Chicken Fried Steak is pretty darned good.  Lastly, for around 29 bucks a head, you can do the All You Can Eat.  If you are a big eater, you can face a mound of food and dig right on in (Cold boiled shrimp and oysters on the half shell, fried catfish, shrimp, oysters, stuffed crab, french fries, cinnamon rolls and dinner rolls. Add Ribeye Steak for $3.00 per person.)Honestly, I have never made it to dessert.  I really can't tell you about it.  I can say that service is always really friendly.  Sometimes, when the kitchen is slammed with orders from several tables of 20 people, it can take a little while to get your food, but I have never been put out by a wait. The only thing I could call out against the place is the very tiny bar area.  I wish it was bigger and did not feel like an after-thought.  I also wish that people could not smoke in there, but I'm a sissy when it comes to that.  If you live out on the east side or want an adventure, go to the Monument Inn.  You can stop by in the afternoon and then visit the Battleship Texas or the San Jacinto Monument.  You'll like the food, you'll like the service, and you'll have a good time.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2010,10/5/2011,73,202,7,13,10>A friend of mine and I recently had lunch at Nino's on a whim. We had planned on going to Vincent's but the Vincent's hostess aggravatingly misplaced our reservation and then tried to seat us at a tiny table in a corner by a loud office party so we decided to take our chances at Nino's.Nino's closely resembles its siblings Vincent's and Grappino's and features exposed brick décor which gives it a warm country Italian feel. We were immediately greeted by a friendly waiter who efficiently took drink orders and expertly took care of us during our meal. One of the highlights of the lunch was the complimentary warm homemade bread which was completely worth breaking our low carb diets for.I ordered the "Pollo Cippolino" which was a grilled chicken breast served with sun dried tomatoes in a caramelized onion sauce. It lacked the melted goat cheese which was advertised in the dish description but it was still very tasty. In fact, I liked everything about it except the $17.95 price. My friend had their signature Roasted Chicken dish which she said was excellent and was priced at $18.95. Most of the entrées (other than pastas) at Nino's start at around $20 and go up. I personally think these kinds of prices are too expensive for lunch. The issue seems to be that Nino's has just one menu for lunch and dinner so what might be reasonable pricewise in the evening is slightly shocking for lunch. However, Vincent's was packed out for lunchtime on a Wednesday and Nino's was three-quarters full so clearly their one-size-fits-all pricing strategy isn't hurting business!
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,10/4/2011,393,766,6,15,13>I love taking guests to Saint Arnold's.  It is such a great glimpse into Houston life and since I work at Rice, I have strong connections to the brewery (explore.rice.edu/WhoKnew).  I'd been to tours at both the old location and the new one and the improvements cannot be described properly.  The fact that there's climate control is mind boggling.  I remember the sweltering heat and having to wait in lines outside just to get in.  I remember the mad rush and elbows being thrown just to get your beer.Now, it is so orderly, it is a little unnerving compared to what we used to go through!  Granted, it was part of the fun of the old place--rushing madly to get in line for the beer of your choice.  That being said, I do love that we can actually get a refill readily without having to take someone out.If you haven't been to the tours yet, let me give you a quick look into the procedures.  You enter the building, go up the stairs to the second floor and pay your $7.  This provides you with a glass (I have a pretty great collection going now) and four tokens.  You take your tokens and give one for each refill that you want.  You have access to all their normal beers (read: no Divines are part of the tour as far as I know) and unlimited free root beer that does not require a token.  There are picnic tables all around and people often bring food and board games to make a day of it.  The tour hours are listed on the website and I'm happy to say that there are many times and days available which is great for when guests are in town during the week.  The parking isn't plentiful, but I've always found a spot.  The neighborhood that they're in now is a little sketchy, but I've always felt safe there.  If you're a huge fan of beer and supporting local businesses, this is a match made in heaven for you.  The owner does the tour himself every time which I adore.  Plus, they have all sorts of adorable merch to buy (I particularly love the jersey, though I'm not a cycler).  This is the perfect way to spend a few hours, especially if you have guests in town (or if you just want to make some new friends while drinking cheap beer!
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2011,10/3/2011,408,480,3,14,7>A really good find! If you aren't a local in galveston and just visiting, stop here and pick up some sausage to take home. Whenever we plan a bbq, we pick a few pounds of sausage and boudin here. Friends and family are truly amazed at how good it is. + specialty sausage+ boudin+ seafood gumbo is pretty darn good on their good days, my recent visit wasn't that great but I think in general.. it's good.+ pigs in a blanketI tried *RIBLETS for the first time! Can't find this anywhere else in Houston.* = A riblet is an alternative to ribs. The actual riblet is the portion of a loin back rib (or baby back rib) that is cut off at the top (nearest the back bone) to give the rib a more uniform look. Loin back ribs don't always have this removed. When not removed they have a rounded look to them and are often referred to as baby back ribs. Riblets used to be thrown out by butchers, but have become popular due to their excellent flavor and lower cost.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,10/2/2011,203,512,5,10,6>Antidote is exactly what I have been looking for in Houston. It's what a coffee shop is meant to be. No loud and obnoxious music, unique furniture and art, great tasting (and priced) selections of coffee and tea, not to mention their options for snacking.The side patio is HUGE! At first I pulled up and thought that the three tables in front were it, then we turned the corner. I couldn't believe how many places there were to sit, and even better how many of them were big sturdy tables. I got the luxury solid metal back rocker chair so I was comfortable. My husband and his friend both were complaining about their backs hurting because they got the older metal mesh looking types. The barista was really nice. I hate going to coffee places that have rude, rushed and inconsiderate baristas. The bathrooms are a bit confusing. They are unisex, which is cool. They are also really old. Still have old sinks and fixtures, even the trash can is rusty and looks like it's from the 50's. I was confused because the guy in there before me totally turned off the light so I didn't know that it was behind a curtain next to the water heater. This place is a bit far from my house but I know that if I need a great place for studying I will probably make the trek out here. And don't think you can't come here to just chill. They totally have a great selection of beer and wine as well. I saw lots of people just hanging.
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2011,10/1/2011,125,377,6,21,8>Fresh veggies and fruits at good prices cheaper than grocery stores!  Most of the produce are organic or sustainable, and they also have organic, free-range eggs (both chicken and duck eggs)!  The duck egg yolk tastes much richer and better than chicken egg yolk, and i love it!!  The friendly owner and helpful vendors/ staff, in addition to the breezy weather, make it enjoyable to shop under the covered pavilion.  One of the vendors sells local honey over there, and i like the nature's candy hehee~  Nice hanging plants and small fruit trees are also available, and I have picked up a few potted plants for just less than $10 each.There's also a petting zoo where kids can touch and feed some of those docile, friendly domestic animals like sheeps, rabbits, chicken, ducks, geese, turtles, etc.  The owner has said he will be bringing in 2 donkeys next weekend and kids can ride on them.  The petting zoo idea sounds like a pretty fun thing to me :)I think they are open every Saturday and Sunday from 9am to 3 pm, and it's just relaxing and fun to spend a few hours in the nature.  will go back later with my boyfriend and friends who have kids for the Petting Zoo!
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,9/30/2011,274,156,7,11,9>Run+Run+Run+Run+Run+Run+Run+Run+Run+Run=Free Shirt & Free Beer.Just the facts (read the other Yelpviews for the emo stuff):Great ongoing event that will get you motivated.Excellent place to meet other runners (and those just getting started).Nicest campus in town to run around (Rice U).Located at the great Irish Bar - Brian O'Neill's in Rice Village.Running is the best excuse to have a beer.Alternatively, best excuse to run is for the beer.There is such a thing as a free lunch (pasta & salad).Cool stuff for repeat offenders (50 Runs=Free Running Jacket).Mutual sweating is a great bonding experience.What else are you doing on Tuesday evenings?And the Number 1 Fact:  It's FREE!My Tip:  Keep track of your BON Social Run Club friends who are reaching a Century (100 Runs =  Bar Tab).
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2010,9/29/2011,367,667,5,14,10>I needed a tacky sweater, and I needed it pretty darn fast.  A friend suggested this place on Longpoint, and I had to make sure she hadn't been drinking..Longpoint?  Anyway, we headed over there, and holy eggnog, what a great treasure trove!  TONS of Christmas T shirts, sweaters, vests, (you know the kind your Math teacher used to wear)  and ended up finding a rocking around the Christmas tree super bad vest for $6.  I also scored two Ann Taylor sweaters for $3.33 each, and some hot Bisou Bisou black slacks for $12.  They had rows upon rows of shorts, skirts, sweaters, COATS, shoes, and everything else you would need.  On Sundays apparently are 1/2 price day.  I checked out what I am almost positive a Louis Vuitton behind the register for $100....Guess where I will be on Sunday?
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,9/28/2011,92,206,10,9,11>I can't lie; I've been back to Don at least 5 times since my last review.When I give 5 stars, I mean it. If there's a better banh mi in Houston then please point me in the right direction. I've sampled different bahn mi sandwiches around town: Givral Hoang, Les Givral, Lee's, Cali, etc. The pork is sweeter at one spot, the bread WAY softer at another, and overall there are some really good banh mi sandwiches in Houston and the surrounding area. But they're not Don Cafe. There's something about these sandwiches that keep me coming back. I feel guilty sometimes because I was loyal to Givral Hoang (same strip center) for years. But what can I say? My stomach knows nothing of loyalty or sentiment. I stick with the BBQ Pork banh mi, and never divert or experiment. I know, I'm a gringo, mi chang, whatever. Maybe one day I'll branch out (never).
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2011,9/27/2011,124,267,7,11,7>Y'all this store is like one of those fun touristy stores in Fredericksburg, TX. No need to waste gas money, come to Old Town Spring instead and find this specialty store amongst the old fashion refurbished homes of the late 1800's and early 1900's made into unique little shops and cafes. Y'alls has an awesome assortment of Texas gifts for you and premade gift packages such as: Drink mixes Barbecue sauces Hot sauce assorted packages Spice mix Packages The packages are all nicely done and I'm Picky - so good reference! This store is marketed differently than the other 2 in Houston and is definitely not like the mall mentality ones. The best part is that this store is truly stocked with great Texas fun and unique gifts. But y'all have to go to Y'alls to check out these special Texas treasures. Y'all won't be disappointed whether y'all are from Texas or one of those ex-Yankees like me. Habanero Bloody Mary Drink Mix 1 liter bottle $4.99 only, spicy and yummy. I just sampled it for this review. Got to go for now. Y'all take care. ( gotta mix some of that Habanero with Vodka).
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,9/26/2011,160,218,13,13,13>The best part? Our waitress was beautiful. Not trying to be creepy, but there was something naturally beautiful about this girl. Something about french women, especially this girl made the entire experience even better. She was really nice, talkative, and friendly. Whatever, Im a sucker.Bonjour! Brasserie 19 is a little French restaurant off of West Grey. Just have to preface this review with the fact that when you look it up on Yelp, its not in the right location. Its the right address, but for some reason it is showing up on W. Grey and 59. This restaurant is actually in River Oaks Shopping Center where the Tony Mandola's Restaurant used to be. Its a fancy upscale restaurant that serves much of the business world during lunch so if you dont want to feel out of place, like I did, just come in business casual.I ordered the Brasserie 19 Burger and my dad ordered the steak tartare. Although the tartare dish was really small it was still really good. As for the burger, it was surprisingly great. I say surprisingly because I wasent expecting a french restaurant to be good at that. The entire restaurant experience was very pleasant.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,9/25/2011,419,749,15,23,20>Listen, your mother and I want to have a talk with you.Sit down.  Are you sitting?*clears throat*THERE IS A STORE IN HOUSTON THAT SELLS MADE TO ORDER ROCKABILLY DRESSES.  CUSTOM MADE.  WITH SUGAR SKULL PRINTS.  WELL, ON SOME OF THEM.Did you know about this?  I sure didn't.  How did I not know about this?!It was pure serendipity that led me into My Flaming Heart before a dinner with a friend at Natachee's around 7.  Normally the shop closes at 6pm, but with a few artists installing work on the back wall, I barged in and started poking around.  It wasn't until later that I realized they might not even have *technically* been open.  Oh well.Once I was inside my eyes widened to the size of saucers.  These dresses!  These aprons!  Those frigging SWEET antique highball glasses!  And oh my god, the tiny onesies with the loteria cards appliqued on them!!!!  Just as I was cursing not being a standard size (I'm on the way, promise!) Judy piped in and said "You know I can make any of those dresses to order, right?"You could've knocked me over with a feather.  This is dangerous--very dangerous.My Flaming Heart isn't just for the ladies, though.  Judy makes a variety of duds for dudes, including retro bowling shirts that use the same fun fabric that's found in the dresses.  And yes, they can be custom made as well. You'll be the coolest daddy-o on the block if you pick up one of these swingin' shirts.I couldn't walk out emptyhanded (especially since I felt like a dullard for walking in after hours), so I bought a necklace with a white rose and tin-punched six shooter pendant combo as well as a tank with appliqued sugar skull on it.  Judy was a doll and even gave me a 20% off coupon for my next visit, along with some goodies for other Mid Main businesses, like the awesome Sig's Lagoon magnet that's currently residing on my fridge.And now--how to phrase this without sounding like a Houston hater, which I most assuredly am not.  I feel like My Flaming Heart is almost a bit too cool for this city.  HTX has a tendency to be so spread out it doesn't properly support its local businesses.  I've never stumbled across a shop remotely like this in any of my travels across the United States and abroad.  Places like My Flaming Heart NEED to stay open because they're so dang unique.So Houston, step up.  Keep this place in business.  For me.  For you.  For your city.  Do your civic duty and look badass at the same time.  Now I'm off to save up all of my pennies, nickels and dimes until I can own one of Judy's awesome creations.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,9/24/2011,172,149,10,10,7>Every time I see that big cheesy dragon neon sign, I get butterflies in my stomach.  It's been sitting in my to-be-reviewed pile for weeks now and approximately 1 out of every 4 times I log in I see it.  It's time for me to talk about my love of dumplings...specifically those of Auntie Chang's.I was brought here the first time under the impression that my life was going to change when I tried these dumplings.  Well, that may or may not have happened (it did, really), but I keep going back whenever I have an opportunity to.  I originally started out eating one of the lunch combos that comes with an egg roll, soup, rice, and a small entree portion...but then we started adding the 8 pork dumplings at the beginning...then i started sometimes ordering my own set of 8...then i started ordering ONLY dumplings.  I always said "well at least I get them steamed and not fried" but I'm not sure that it really matters anymore.  I regret nothing!  I will, however, leave you with a field guide to the 6 mysterious sauce jars on each table:1) Duck sauce - more or less sweet-and-sour sauce made out of fruit jelly and all kinds of bad for you things that happen to taste AMAZING on fried pastry and dumplings.2) Green pepper - it looks like it might be hot, but it totally isn't.  it does, however, taste a ton like green peppers and adds a cool flavor to your sauce ambrosia3) Hot pepper oil - exactly how it sounds...hot red pepper oil (go easy at first, I've seen the wrong ratio of this guy make a grown man wince)4) Soy sauce - I don't think this one is too necessary, but I've never been a big fan of added salt (though I love the idea of umami)5) Garlic/Ginger - I'm pretty sure thats what it is...its DEF ginger, but tastes a little garlicy to me too.  It's awesome, either way.6) Mustard - gross...but I don't like mustard so that isn't fair.My plate usually looks like a 3rd grader's fingerpainting palette with 4 distinct runny piles of 1, 2, 3, and 5...then i make a big sloppy mess of all 4 in the middle and eat my dumplings in it like I've been stuck under a rock without food for 2 weeks.Annnnd now I want dumplings, again.
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,9/23/2011,387,597,5,12,8>A bagel addict cannot live on Einstein's and call it living. It is surviving. But this shop, this gem in strip mall hell alone makes Houston a great place to live. Their bialeys are the laziest bialeys ever. The owner is a little too sharp with his employees in front of customers. Their challah is less than par. But these bagels. Oh these bagels are what dreams are made of -- chewy, boiled, flavorful. A true and remarkably excellent bagel considering... well, let's be honest, it's Houston, Texas. As a Midwestern transplant, it's the last place I would expect to have not only a decent but a GOOD bagel. My perfect Saturday looks like this: wake up at 11am to find a salt bagel, smothered with cream cheese decorated with nova lox. A Diet Dr. Brown's Black Cherry is most certainly the cherry on top. Warning: the parking lot is insane on Saturdays at brunch.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2011,9/22/2011,152,164,3,9,12>After having some enjoyable brunches and happy hours here, I knew this was the ideal place for my fiance and I to have our engagement party. Since this party was to be limited to only both our families, we opted to reserve the wine room upstairs which comfortably accommodated our 22 guests. We even got a lower rate because it was booked for a Sunday evening. The manager was very helpful and easy to work with. When I came to sign the contract, he showed me around the room and also gave me a walk-through to where the elevator was. This was extremely important to us since one of my family members is in a wheelchair and before signing a contract we had to be absolutely sure they could easily get through. I was able to work with the manager to select a four course meal for the party, making sure that everyone had a selection of beef, chicken, salmon, or (vegetarian) risotto. They even had a kids menu for the picky little ones. Everyone loved their meals, which was evident from all the moans coming from each table. The biggest hits of the evening were the crunchy chicken, steak frites, pork pot stickers, and the infamous mom's chocolate cake. The waitstaff that worked our party did an excellent job of taking care of us all. My wine glass was always full, they were quick to provide vases for the flowers my family brought me and set them on the tables, and they knew the exact time to pour champagne for us all to share a toast. We had the option to control the ac and music in the room for the evening but everything was perfect as-is. I would definitely recommend planning a private party at Benjy's in Rice Village.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,9/21/2011,273,77,6,9,7>Daylight Saving Time sucks, however this means that I'll be able to soak up more rays after work at this local favorite joint.  Rolled up here around 5:30 this past Friday and I had to park a couple streets away.  The weather was nice though and I didn't mind the walk through the neighborhood.  The place was starting to fill up when I arrived, but I managed to snag the other half of a picnic table for my friend and I to enjoy a beer at in the setting sun.  The crowd is always eclectic.  I happened to be sharing a table with two older men that were perfect examples from The Officially Preppy Handbook.  One of them was wearing a pink shirt and smoking a cigar (blergh) while his golden retriever frolicked around with all the other hounds.  I was happy to be sipping a Bombshell Blonde and playing a game of Bananagrams with an old friend from high school, as well as watching dogs chase each other around the place and just generally taking in the mixed crowd.The hot dog guy in his hot dog hat serves up mighty good hot dogs and they have all the fixins too: chopped onions, sauerkraut, relish, ketchup, mayo and a couple different kinds of mustard.  Afer scarfing down the hot dog in 3 bites, I went ahead and ordered myself 3 tacos: barbacoa, al pastor and lengua.  I managed to finish 2 1/2 post-hotdog.  I mixed both hot sauces on each taco (to the horror of 2 bystanders) and set my mouth afire.  Fiery deliciousness is what it was!I look forward to playing a couple games of horse shoe here in the very near future!PS: Whenever my dad needs to entertain out-of-towners, this is his go-to-place and it's always a great hit!
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2011,9/20/2011,47,254,9,8,5>Helloooooooooooooooo 1984!!I had that time-warp feeling walking in, however I do think Georgia's is a spiffy place. I have a strange attraction to places like this.. the sad LIVE country music in the background, the older style shopping carts, the women in their big hairdos and Hawaiian shirts. It was awesome. They offer locally grown items, which you have probably read in the other reviews. The buffet mentioned also is pretty sweet. I loved the raw cashews (nuts section), herbs, and the different rice choices. If Georgia's carried a bit more things, I would frequent often. That isn't to say I won't at all, I look forward to my next 1980's shopping experience with the "Napoleon Dynamite" vibe they seem to create naturally in full blare.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,9/19/2011,81,217,11,9,8>Doggy style has the best buns in town!  That's right...I said it! ;-)We visited the Doggy Style Hot Dog food truck last night at the Boneyard Bar.  This is a new operation with a really cute yellow short bus.  The menu is approachable, which is perfect for a late night snack or outdoor bar fare.We had the Chimmi dog (which is in a fried tortilla with pico, sour cream and cheese), the Heat dog (sauteed onions, peppers and serrano chilis), the Porky Dog (bacon, lettuce, tomato and mayo), onion rings and french fries. The buns are lobster style rolls toasted on the grill with butter.  DELISH!The only two things I would change would be a finer chop on the toppings so it's easier to eat and some hot sauce and sriracha available at the window to add some heat.With that bread, I'm gonna veer away from the Dog and try the grilled cheese next time.  I'll be doing it Doggy Style all summer long!
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,9/18/2011,63,98,5,9,8>Oh Shnap! The secret is out. The nails side of the salon has been booming for some time, but now the massage side: the precious, fabulous, absurdly priced massage side is booming too?? Psst. You. Yeah, you! If you haven't heard you can get a ONE HOUR reflexology massage for $28. Yeah, I freakin' dare you to find a better deal elsewhere in Houston. Walk-ins "welcome" but appointments necessary.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,9/17/2011,62,146,9,15,9>Now that I'm the "Duchess" of Beauty and Beyond, it's about time I write a review.  I started seeing Vaishali April 2010 for eyebrow threading.  Since then, I've seen Vaishali every two weeks or so to freshen up my brows (I'm Indian.  That stuff grows fast!).  Vaishali is a complete professional, which caught me by surprise.  This should NOT be confused with one of those $5 eyebrow places on Hilcroft where you cross your fingers every visit, hoping you'll be spared some nasty skin infection.  The salon itself is very clean and Vaishali is a master at her craft.  I only trust her with my brows.  I used to have a gap in my left brow which I thought was natural, but Vaishali somehow managed to grow it back without the awkward in-between period.  The girl can work magic!I've also used Vaishali's waxing services.  Prior to my recent Hawaii trip, I had to book a last minute Brazilian appointment.  Vaishali to the rescue!  She managed to squeeze me in on a few hours notice.  This IS the best Brazilian I've ever had.  I'm particularly prone to ingrown hairs, but with Vaishali I had none.  Also, everybody knows Brazilians are painful, but Vaishali gets the job done in 15 minutes or less.  I can't even get pizza delivery that fast!I've never been loyal to a salon before, but as long as I'm in Houston, I will forever be loyal to Vaishali at Beauty and Beyond.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2011,9/16/2011,38,48,24,17,13>When my friend told our group at dinner that she was going to get a massage in Chinatown, it was only natural that we made about 10,000 "happy ending" jokes.  But my jokes turned to curiousity when I saw her again later that evening.  She had that dreamy, half asleep look that people get when they are super relaxed.  And when she told me the price -- $20 for 60 minutes! -- my curiousity turned into determination to give it a shot.I walked into A+ after work without an appointment.  The peacefulness of the ambiance began soothing my work-frayed nerves immediately.  The guy at the desk informed me in a low voice that there would be about a 40 minute wait, so I plopped down on the couch and half dozed.40 minutes later, I was led to the back where I was told to remove my shoes and socks, have a seat, and put my feet in the hot tea bath.  A word of advice, wear shorts or something other than slacks to a foot massage parlour.  I was forced to roll my pants up to my knees like it was flooding outside.As noted in other reviews, the massage is actually a full body, with a focus on the feet.  My masseuse started with my face and temples and worked his way up my scalp down to my neck and upper shoulders.  Then he worked each arm and hand before moving down to work on the feet.  I'd say this took about 15 minutes or so.Normally I don't like people touching my feet because I giggle like an Elmo doll and then instinctively try to kick them in the face.  But this guy had magical feet-loving hands that tamed my five-toed beasts of fury.  Around this point I think I fell into a semi nap.After about 35 minutes or so of feet and lower calf massage, he moved me to a massage table, where I laid myself face down.  He massaged upper back down to my glutes and thighs for about 10 minutes before informing me that the session was over.  If I hadn't had dinner plans, I would have got back in line and gone again.  That was the best $20 I think I've ever spent, including the time I paid my buddy to eat a wad of wassabi the size of a golf ball (which, incidently, I don't recommend).  Give this place a shot and you won't regret it.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,9/15/2011,320,247,10,15,14>Dim Sum is fascinating when you're a newbie.  The rolling carts come by and you don't know what's in those metal steamers.  So you look and your eyes go ooooh..and ahhhh...I want that...I want this...blah blah blah.  It was fun for a while.Now, when I'm craving dim sum, homegirl has no patience to wait or to run someone over because I'm trying to get the last fried turnip cake or the last batch of dumplings before the cart disappears into the kitchen.I like ordering Dim Sum from a menu.  You can order as much as you want and you know it comes out fresh, straight to your table.  It is more sanitary as well.  Who knows how many people opened up that steamer, peeked in, breathed on it and then decided they didn't want it?!  EEwwww!HK Dim Sum is my new favorite spot for dim sum.  I went on a Saturday afternoon.  As I parked my car in the busy center, I saw people sitting outside of the restaurant.  How nice of them to provide a sitting/waiting area.  Yes, the waiting area is area outside - that's how small this place is and that's how crowded it gets!I had a party of 7 and we only waited 10 minutes.  I think it helped that we were a large table because a lot of the large tables were in and out while the 2 and 4 seaters stayed there longer than we did...even though they were there before my group.I ordered a lot of food.  My group teased me for ordering too much, but guess what?  The leftovers made a perfect snack before we headed out to White Linen Night in the Heights.EVERYTHING we ordered was superb.  One dish I usually crave is the curry squid.  Some places over cook it most of the time, but the squid at HK was tender and perfectly seasoned.The fried turnip/daikon cake had the perfect consistency.  It melts in your mouth.  I cannot wait to go here again.  My hubby and I usually disagree on our favorite places, but this Dim Sum joint is an exception.  It is both a favorite of ours!
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2010,9/14/2011,3161,3020,7,18,14>Last night a group of friends wanted to grab a bite and a drink and one of them suggested the new Americas.I was taken aback because I didn't even realize there was a new Americas, since there had not been any reviews of yelp, my main source of hot spots in Houston.So I was uber excited since I was going to be a person who passes on the news instead of just receiving it.This location is smack dab in the middle of river oaks, so I already like it better since I try to avoid the Galleria area like the plague.  I used to love coming to the original location of Americas since they have the best banana chips around.  So a new location was something that was a great discovery.We came at night so there was plenty of parking right in front of the place, I would imagine during the day it might be a bit more trouble.  Americas is located on the 2nd floor of this complex and has plenty of tables outside.Once inside you are introduced to marvelous decor from floor to ceiling.  This night we just grabbed a table in the bar area and were warmly welcomed by the head chef, David.  He personally recommended the taquitos.  There was 4 different types of taquitos and a sampler plate.  Of course I wanted to try them all so I grabbed the sampler version of the taquitos.It came with a shrimp, a beef, a quail, and a crawfish taquito.  My favorite was the crawfish which David explained was Asian inspired, with a hint of hoison sauce.  My friend ordered lobster corndogs, yes I know it sounds good but OMG it was sooooo good.  Corndogs are already amazing, but instead of a hotdog, you bite into LOBSTER!!!As far as our drinks went I tried the red sangria and my friend had the white sangria.  Both were superb.  The white is a bit sweeter, and both have melon balls in them.I will be back many more times for a small bite and a night of classy drinking!
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,9/13/2011,2,225,12,14,14>In spite of my trepidation, we've been back for dinner. A few times, now. This may be our favorite spot in the city, at this point. 1) They have an entirely separate vegetarian menu2) Their mixologist can actually make genuinely unique, amazing drinks3) Make sure you get a table where you can see the valet both for here and Tila's across the street. If you like laughing at rich people, it is worth the cost of your dinner check to do it here.  I know I said sit in the back garden, and that's true for brunch, but at dinner, you need to watch the front. 4) They do a comprehensive menu of confirmedly unadventurous continental food, with absolute, unflinching, expert perfection. The "Fearless Critic" roasted them for this final point. But let's be thoughtful for a moment, here. Almost every eating joint has a gimmick, an angle, a schtick, a novel angle, a sell. If Backstreet Cafe has one, it is that they're the only joint on the town that hasn't got one. Their angle is "we're above angles". Which, at a bare minimum, is honest. Have we become so cynical that we need a gimmick to enjoy food? Can't we just enjoy food because it is simply amazingly good food?
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,9/12/2011,116,293,4,13,8>Downtown YMCA has a new gym! Tellepsen Family Downtown YMCA, opened its doors in September 2010. While the old Y has a lot of historic charm, this new Y is brand spanking new with state-of-the-art facility. On the first level you'll find the reception area, lap pool, locker/shower facilities, and cafe. Second level is dedicated for the courts: basketball and racquetball/handball courts. Third level is where the group exercise classes are held. And, fourth level is the gym, where you'll find weights and those boring machines like treadmills and stairmasters. Each floor has it's own set of restrooms and locker facilities.This new Y has a dedicated yoga/pilates room and offer yoga and pilates classes daily, three times a day. Don't worry if you forgot to bring your own mat, they supply plenty there. I'm a big fan of the Yoga (level 2-3) class. It's a vinyasa class and for you avid yogis, you know what that means. Anyway, I took this class last week and it kicked my a**. So many classes offered here, I'm still making my way through most of them. I'm not a fan of gyms in general, but I took a quick peek of the 4th level and it looks nice! Lots of cardio machines, each with it's own personal TV monitors and a great view of downtown.Parking at the old location was a pain but now they have their own onsite parking garage. This is where I usually park if I can't find street parking. I think the rate is $2 for the first 2-hours and $1/hr thereafter. If you're a member, you can get your membership card linked to the parking garage and enjoy the first 2-hour parking for free.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,9/11/2011,30,171,15,13,13>"I'll have the triple burger and fries," I stated."No," the waitress replied, "you'll get the double and you two can split some fries.""Um, yeah, I'm outrageously hungry," I protested."No, the double will be fine.  Anything else?"So, that was my first experience with Lankfords.  SHE WAS RIGHT!  And that's how they roll.  While the douchebaguette at Chili's is trying to up-sell you with some pizza shooters and extreme nachos, Lankfords is keeping it real and friendly.  I wish that I could keep the place all to myself.They're family-owned, accept cash only, and sell a great burger (THE best in Houston).  I don't know why someone called it a "hipster" place.  It's not.  It's old and comfortable.  Some people have never been to a country (as in, in the sticks) restaurant.  This is the feel of Lankfords.  I'd marry the damn place if the LAW would let me.  Oh well -- probably for the best.I hate to rave about it... because it's popular enough... but it's just so damned good.  You go there for the food.  That's it.  If you like TV and douchebags, go elsewhere -- although EVERYONE seems to be welcome there.  It's a gem.  I'm glad that it's survived the "Summer's Eve" effect of the surrounding neighborhood.Oh, yeah.  I've been going there for ages.  They have yet to disappoint me.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2010,9/10/2011,466,956,10,10,9>Naked vikings ahead! OMG, my virgin eyes!!! OK, so maybe he wasn't completely naked (and maybe my eyes are not so "virgin"), but a little thong looking thing and A viking hat should not be considered a costume!! The Renaissance Festival was pretty fun. It was super far, but since Steve M. drove there.. it was a smooth trip. We made it there and it actually takes place in a state park. They had plenty of parking and there were several people directing traffic to the different locations. We walked over to the part of the park where the festival takes place. It was pretty neat. the entrance actually looks like a castle! The entrance fee is about $20 (we received complementary tickets!). There were lots of people there and many of the were dressed in costumes. The park is perfect for the festival. A lot of vendors everywhere selling anything from swords to costumes to Turkey legs to art! There is definitely a lot to see there. There is also a very pretty garden in the park and a chapel. As you walk around the park there are different events going on. You can buy a program/schedule at the front for $5. We saw a a jousting match. I believe it was France, Spain, England and Germany?? It was pretty fun and the actors were quite fun to listen to and watch. We also saw a few comedy shows and musical acts. I had a really good time at the festival, it is definitely a change from everyday festivals!
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2011,9/9/2011,2219,1117,16,11,8>Petrificus Totalus! So many delicious looking cupcakes just eyeing you like a piece of meat on your first day in prison. Your body freezes but your eyes dart back and forth over the lengthy display case as you pick your [délicieux] poison ...As you creep on the building down University just after you cross Morningside (*waves* to the Ginger Man) you notice a small, set back little Tuscan-looking villa and a small-ish parking lot in front. Berripop is the servants' quarters to the left but Celebrity Cupcakes is the master's house to the right. There are some outdoor seating options if you want to sit outside the storefront and peer at the parking lot and passing traffic on University. Like Sprinkles in Highland Village the "customer puts his butt here" area is rather small, unlike Crave where you can wander around, stretch out, do jumping jacks, and have a big personal bubble space. With three people in the storefront you might start thinking about the clown car and how many people can fit into a Volkswagon. The display case is larger here than at Sprinkles - BURN! And again, unlike Sprinkles shrouding their evil-doing behind the wall you cannot see through, Celebrity takes the Crave Cupcakes approach to have it all out in the open. There are the old style bakery trays and stuff storing the cupcakes and you can look all the way back into the back of the baking area. Unlike Crave there is nobody working there, at least when I was there. There was only one person manning the register. And again unlike Sprinkles who provides you with a little schoolchild's paper sack where your cupcake grease shines through it, Celebrity again takes the Crave approach and wraps your lovely cupcake friends up in a box and puts a Celebrity sticker on top. So all in all, you should be treating Celebrity in your mind as something similar to Crave (which if you caught my ROTD of Crave Cupcakes-Uptown and/or my Office Hours review as well as glowing review of Crave Cupcakes-West U) then you should know I mean that as a compliment.)Like all of the cupcakery places of the world they vary the menu day to day so you have to keep checking the website and putting alerts on your smartphone that oh yeah, today is Thursday and I really need to go pig out on a box of cupcakes. Thursday is my favorite day if that was not obvious.Cupcake Alpha: Key Lime PieThis one rocks my socks off. This is the reason why Thursday is a heat-seeking missile to say "Daniel, leave downtown and all that jambalaya hot mess and come back home early to grab a key lime cupcake, scoff it down in the parking lot, retire to the sofa in your living room, and TELL NOBODY." It is that good. It has reduced me to a heroin addict level status where I do things in my car and tell nobody about it. Frosting on my lips - what? No. You are crazy.Cupcake Beta: HummingbirdWant some banana fosters from Brennans at any time of day? Find your match at Celebrity Cupcakes. A strong presentation of banana in the cake-ness of the cupcake. A little taste of pineapple. And cream cheese on top to seal the deal. What is not to like? This is one tasty cupcake monstrosity.Cupcake Gamma:  Fleur de SelChocolat? Veut assez de chocolat pour arrêter votre coeur? Le regard non plus! It is that good we had to go foreign for a minute. Want chocolate? Got it. Want good chocolate? Got it. Want really good, creamy, thick chocolately cupcakes? Got it. This blows the doors off of Sprinkles. Celebrity crushes Sprinkles as competition.But Crave? Watch out hot dog, there is competition in your zip code.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,9/8/2011,99,168,6,9,9>On a glorious Friday night, 3 friends of mine decided to hit up the giant Jenga at Barcadia. Apparently, so did everyone else in Houston, leading us to park near Midtown's newest joint, Bar Munich.We took the road less traveled and entered into what we thought could be Houston's answer to Oktoberfest. Walking in, it was evident that we would not find lederhosen and busty bar maids at Bar Munich.What you will find is an undeniably clean (dare I say, too clean) bar with decor that reminded me more of The Heights' Kobain and less of a local beer garden in....Munchen. Bar Munich features limitless drink options, but the real appeal is their bountiful selection of German Beer - specifically, Hofbrau, complete with the proper accompanying glass (beer steins and what not).  They also carried most of the St. Arnold's collection if you want to go a bit more local.My crew opted for the more calm and quite patio seating, while we enjoyed our Oktoberfests and HefeWeizens.Using two hands to fully support my glass (I'm small), while jamming to the 90's best alterna hits,  I glanced over their food menu: pretzels, brats and kielbasas (a few varieties for both kinds of sausage).....YES, PLEASE.Not so fast: our pretzel was as weak as can be - too dense, lacking flavor. Luckily, my pal managed to enjoy his brat, something I'd be down to return for.Service was on point from our friendly waitress and manager who stopped by to hear our thoughts on the place.To say this bar is German themed is a huge overstatement, but at least they weren't subjecting us to a constant loop of Rammstein's "Du Hast".I'd go as far as to say Bar Munich's one of Midtown's better bars and look forward to another visit.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,9/7/2011,113,155,11,13,11>Korean Fried Chicken. This KFC destroys the "other" KFC in just about every fried chicken category; from the breading to the flavor to the freshness.Ordering from ToreOre is simple. 1. Pick out your sauce2. Pick out how much chicken you want3. Make sure your order is above the credit card limit (I had to buy a diet coke to get over4. Browse the market for 15 minutes or so5. Eat6. ??????7. PROFIT!!!!Seriously though, this chicken is super tasty. It comes right out of the frier and doused in your sauce. Each time I go I get the sweet and spicy chicken, because I am a glutton for punishment. The chicken comes with a small bowl of pickled diakon (I think), that is really good at cleansing your palate between bites. By the end of the meal, my face was red and my nose was running from the spiciness. I win!Pro tip: Make sure you check your face in the bathroom before leaving. Last time, I had sauce all over my face when I got home. Oops.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,9/6/2011,509,422,14,18,15>This place is a keeper.   If you are trawling this street for lunch or dinner, anchor here and catch a reel-ly good casual dining seafood.  Look carefully, because it's not easy to spot from the road.The place is new, clean, well-decorated for its niche and spacious.  The food and menu is excellent (see the net for pics), and the service is friendly and prompt.  But they will need customers to keep the quality up.  Please eat here often, so that I can continue coming here (I am hooked).(Warning:  Writer has conflicting review themes about 'fish' and 'house', below.)Now listen to my fish story, no exaggeration:The owners have restaurant experience and are passionate about fish (pictures, trophies, shark jaw record/article).  The cooking results demonstrate that.  But, was he out to sea when locating here?  Is this place too good for this neighborhood?  Is it too hidden from view?I was lured by the new signage and took the bait.  The menu is spiral bound, and like a well-stocked tackle box, there are a number of interesting and unusual choices (including baked orange ginger snapper, fish samosas, and Zabiha Halal choices).  Then, there are the typical fried and Cajun foods.  But, the waitress cast me a line about the special of the day, and I bit, passing on any appetizer chum.In about ten minutes, a school of 6 Cajun-seasoned fried catfish arrived on a plate with cole slaw (my choice of the offered sides) and choice of bread.   The fillets pass the size limit and are about half-inch thick. Real Estate point of view:I was floored at the freshness and perfectly-cooked quality of the catfish (meat is fresh, just-cooked, moist and light-firm soft, no mushiness, no hint of fishiness).  But, there was too much fish.  I hit the wall after 4 pieces of 6, and there was no room in my basement.  They could have served less for less cost, and left the door open for dessert.Oddly, the cole slaw was slightly pink (sigh...no wall paint or accessories to pick up the color).  But, it tasted very good, along the lines of KFC style slaw (not mayonnaisy), and, thankfully, not as sweet. Street appeal:  The street sign advertisement  of "All you can eat",  and the large poor-quality faded pictures in the window are a turn-off.  It wrongly sets the expectation of poor quality but large quantity of food, oriented to hungry construction workers and overeaters.  The place is located in a large strip center with lots of parking and is quite a distance offset from the road.  They need a better sign up front.Potential:  If their appeal for birthday parties and to church-goers is successful (they will give back a portion of your check to your church), they might build a loyal following to overcome the negatives of location.Rooms:  Kitchen, 2 bathrooms, 2 large dining rooms, and frozen yogurt room with many faucets (you pay for yogurt by its weight).  If you don't want to enter, there is curbside delivery for take-out.Cost:  Fair.  You won't hit the ceiling over the pricing.Fin
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,9/5/2011,182,219,20,28,21>My mom introduced me to this nails spa close to UH.Okay- seriously, this is the best nail spa in this side of town.The decor is absolutely adorable. It looks like I just walked into Hello Kitty's apartment. White lacquered counter tops with all accents in pink.It's like pink berry meets nail salon.There are four huuuuge perks to this salon...The first and most important one is that for the most part, all their workers speak English. It isn't that I have anything against people who have a hard time with the language, but I think it's important to be able to communicate with the person doing your nails so you know exactly what they are doing to you, how much they are charging you for each service, and so you can tell them any concerns you have. The second perk is that along with their regular mani-pedi, they offer the shellac mani/pedi which is this UV ray manicure that is guaranteed to last 3 weeks no matter what you get your hands into. This is great for people like me, who suffer from mild anxiety and are always trying to chew their nails.The third perk is that you get free ice cream as you are getting your nails done. Isn't that awesome!!!  . . . and the fourth perk is that Specs is a minute away, walking distance. Just sayin'.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2010,9/4/2011,211,151,6,9,8>And the cupcake craze continues!After finishing up steak night at Cova, I was really craving some dessert. Since I was in the Village, I was thinking it could be my opportunity to try Celebrity Cupcakes. The bf piped in that Crave was just a couple doors down. WHAT!? I had heard that Crave was coming to the Village but had no idea it was right next to me and already open!We walked over and even though it was after their closing time, they still let us come in and purchase cupcakes. I went with my classic fav vanilla (as usual). They were even kind enough to let us eat in there while they closed up shop. My cupcake tasted a *tad* bit dryer than the original location's, but it was still delish. The bf said his strawberry cupcake was dryer. I guess that's what happens when you buy cupcakes at the end of the day though and they've been sitting out all day.What I like about this location is that it's much more spacious. They have an island where you can stand and eat your cupcakes, and then there's a counter with stools that faces the kitchen where you can eat as well. The counter with stools kind of reminds me of eating at a sushi bar.This is a great location. The possibility of eating Chipotle + cupcakes sounds really awesome to me. Or maybe Azuma + cupcakes. Yum!
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,9/3/2011,287,298,7,21,14>One of the hardest decisions (after the dress) to make during the planning stages is where to have your wedding reception. So I dragged H to the Bridal Extravaganza to get some ideas. And boy-howdy did we get plenty of ideas! After the Bridal Extravaganza, most venues will have an open house where you can sample food, look at table setting and tour the venue. STR was the first open house we attended. Even through the dark, dreary day I could tell this place would be a front runner. We signed in and Ashley sat us down at a table to ask us some questions and get an idea of what we wanted which we had no idea as this was the first place! She took us on a tour, showing us the many rooms they have from intimate to grand ballroom. I immediately fell in love with the San Antonio Room. I loved the tile floor and the wood walls/ceilings. I liked the layout and got a good vibe from the room. So back to the open house to discuss packages. STR will build a package for you. Ashley quickly worked up a quote and two things stood out: The venue allows 5 hours for your event (most places are 4) and open bar. With quote in hand, we bid Ashley adieu and told her we would call back after we viewed other venues. Ashley was very sweet & laid back. We didn't get the "your date may get booked!" when we left. We narrowed the venue choice to STR & a unamed country club. We were really torn. So we drove out to STR to look around and ask some questions. After touring the Chapel (which is beautiful) and the San Antonio Room I had made up my mind. I just knew this is where I was going to get married. We got a final quote with STR throwing in some freebies. We booked the date and signed the contract. Next? Months of waiting! 2-3 weeks before the wedding, I made my final appointment to finalize the menu, pick out the table linens, etc. We toured the room so I could tell her how I wanted the tables placed, I went through numerous books and picked out the linens. I gave the final payment. Next? Agonizing weeks of waiting!The day of the wedding I arrived early to put finishing touches on the tables and check out the chapel. I was so excited, I could barely sit still while my makeup was applied. Relatives and friends were running in and out of the dressing room. It was total chaos and dear Ashley sent a bottle of bubbly to the dressing room. What an angel!The Chapel and San Antonio Room looked beautiful! Our menu choice was: carved beef (meh, ok), buttered chicken (very delicious), rosemary roasted potatoes (again ok) and green beans almondine (my favorite, perfectly al dente!). The staff was very accomodating and there were two coordinators helping us along that night. We had a personal server that was sweet enough to put our plates on a warmer when we got pulled away from our dinner (Yo everyone! Let the bride and groom eat!).The only thing that concerned me was the bathroom was warm because we closed the dressing room door. I didn't realize this until 3 hours into the reception, sorry my guests! Oh and the bathrooms aren't that pretty but I really didn't care because they were clean.So yes, this review is a bit biased because I fully enjoyed EVERY minute of my wedding day. Henry and I had so much fun and we never felt so loved.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,9/2/2011,386,171,16,18,16>It warrants mentioning that this review is for the happy hour and downstairs lounge ONLY. Given my (hopefully understandable) aversion to 99% of dance clubs in this city, I can't honestly say if I'll ever be able to speak about Curve in that capacity. Even my love of many things campy and retro doesn't entirely compel me to experience the (clothed) go-go dancers that are scheduled to pop in some nights. That's not this business' fault, though, and I'm certainly not deducting any stars for it. I just needed to add this disclaimer in the beginning so anyone curious about hitting this place once it starts wearing its clubbing hat knows to just skip over this review.My coworkers and I decided to drop in for an impromptu happy hour since this is the closest place to snag a drink in proximity to our office. Their specials run from 3 PM to 7 PM, and one can pick up a Shiner for around $2.50. Not the most competitive prices in Downtown, but I don't mind paying a tiny bit extra for convenience and atmosphere. And it IS a nice atmosphere, especially since we pretty much had the place to ourselves. Everything is very geometric and contemporary, with mirrors and the bar itself drawing inspiration from the business' name. There's also a few comfortable chairs and couches (as well as some stylish end tables so you can set your drink down) towards the entrance, and tables and stools in the back. Since the upstairs was roped off that evening, we didn't get a chance to see it. But I hear tell there's a stage up there. Since I just opted for a beer (Don't wince, dear friends of mine! The doctor said one every month or so won't send me spiraling into liver failure!), I can't speak for the quality or price of the mixed drinks. But it was nice chatting with the thankfully accommodating manager, who was filling in for the missing bartender that evening. The best part about happy hour, though, is that the "dress to impress"* code doesn't seem to apply at that time. We waltzed in with our usual jeans and t-shirts to nary a complaint. Granted, we were also the only ones there. Whether or not they change their policy around once things pick up remains to be seen, but I'm hoping it doesn't. So Curve will stay on our radar for after-work happy hour fun-fun times. The beer's reasonable enough. It's quiet (for now). It's right there by my office. And there's couches, which is always a plus. I know notsuoH has them as well, but a goodly portion of my coworkers are grievously terrified of clowns and tragically won't set foot in there. Pansies! (Says the woman afraid of snowmen.)I wish this place the best of luck after their official opening on Saturday! *I never did understand the use of this phrase outside a professional context. Who exactly am I supposed to impress at a club, anyways? Might I run into a literary agent? Or perhaps someone willing to edit or purchase some of my writings? I mean, the chances of that happening seem just about as likely as meeting one anywhere else in public. Should I "dress to impress" all the time just in case? And "impress" is such a subjective term, so who's definition am I expected to use here? Mine? The bouncer's? The owner's? If I don't know them, how am I to know what they consider "impressive?" It seems I read that phrase in the copy for a lot of not-work-related places, and the semantics of it all baffle my brain bone. This, people, is why I spend most of my social life in coffee and tea shops.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,9/1/2011,67,253,9,12,11>The renovated decor is truly stunning. We sat in these high back chairs which made us feel like royalty (and also lead us to believe we could fall asleep and they wouldn't notice..) I love the beams, chandeliers, exposed brick. all of it. I ordered:-the melon martini - a slightly smaller version, but for $0.25!-butternut squash soup - seriously delicious and i still think about it daily-Truffled Bryan Farms Chicken - i get scared when my chicken doesn't come to me in breast form, so I was a little put off by this, but it was so tender and juicy and the potatoes that came with it were outstanding-triple chocolate mousse cake - so visually appealing and tasted better than it looked, who would even think that was possible? it was sprinkled with chipotle sea salt. say whaaaat! yes - go try it.we also ordered a couple sides to split - the grits and smoked mashed potatoes (genius). the premeal bread is soo good as well!our waiters were fantastic. i always had water and wine when i needed it.best part of all of this was when I saw the sea salt on my cake i told our waiter about this dessert we tried in San Francisco which was vanilla ice cream, olive oil and sea salt. not 5 minutes later he comes back and says the dessert chef is making a version for us to try! what a delightful surprise. it was really really good (their chipotle sea salt being the major winner in that case).all in all, it was an experience. one you should indulge in. I am still kinda dreaming about a day when we might take advantage of the "chef for a day" thing. how fun!
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,8/31/2011,215,403,16,21,16>I only speak the truthI only speak the truth-"Hindi Sad Diamonds", from Moulin RougeThe Bombay Pizza Company is Indian-American fusion at its best.  Even better than John Leguizamo playing the truth-telling sitar in the Indian-French fusion production contained in Moulin Rouge.It IS all about the crust.  Thin, crispy, delicously flavored...it's the best flatbread I've ever had, hands down.  Ever throw the crust ends away?  No chance of that, here.  Add to it the calamitous collision of Indian, Italian, American, and Greek.  They have such a selection of flavors, any of which you can combine.  The pizzas are a little smaller than normal places, and what's nice here is the individual size actually works--unlike regular pizza joints.  You can also split toppings on one pie, no extra charge...and the division is so razor sharp that a vegetarian can split a pie that has meat on the other half.The real winners are the vegetarian options, my favorites being the Sonu Rita (Margherita with Indian kick) and the Sag Paneer (think creamed spinach on a pie).  Wow.The crust is so thin, however, that I don't think it can stand the heat it would take to get the meat just right.  The Slumdog (Meatlovers) I had contained just about every meat they offer.  The meat was warmed, but hadn't cooked at all; perfection is getting a hint of crispness on pork-based products.  Not here.  Come to think of it, the quality of the meat was more Slumdog than Millionaire, as best exemplified by the chicken-from-a-bag.  Tasty, but not up to par with...well everything else, which was spot on.Amazing pizza!
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,8/30/2011,89,202,8,14,10>Much better than what I remember at Tookie's!  Hey, I remember Tookie's and I never understood what the fuss was.  But this places...Mmmm!Ken J and I went there for lunch.  It was way crowded at noon on Fri;  it was hard to park.  But they've added additional parking across the side-street., it's an all-gravel lot.  As we came up there were people sitting on the porch in rocking chairs.I got the Outlaw, double meat, no bun.  It was awesome.  It looked delicious and massive on the plate, with diced jalapenos all over it.  Another customer asked me "What did you GET?" and just shook his head and laughed.  I washed it down with diet Dr Pepper (they don't have diet Coke.) Service was slow; waiter said the kitchen was short handed.  Ken's onion rings were thin, not very crispy; the waiter said next time to order the double-dipped (daresay he should have suggested that when we ordered.)
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,8/29/2011,839,439,4,12,8>8pm dinner reservations on Sat night and the place was full. We asked for a quiet table so we seated away from the main din of the room. Unfortunately, this table was also directly in front of the bread service area,where waiters would go to cut the bread and then loudly scrape the crumbs off the block. I don't know why this wasn't closer to the kitchen.We started with a Ginger Girl Martini for me and hubby ordered a glass of wine. My drink was great but he said his tasted like the bottle had been open too long, when we asked for a replacement, the manager came over to apologize and comp'd both glasses. He also opened a new bottle for us. They definitely get another star for the service because that owner came over to check on us several times and our waitress for excellent.We started with the cheese board which was just ok. Only 3 selections of cheese, some walnuts, apple slices and bread. The owner also wanted us to try this new Risotto  appetizer that I didn't see on the menu, It was fried risotte and brie balls, with some sort of jam on top, very good!I ordered the Trout which was also excellent, very well seasoned and cooked. He ordered the Veal Cordon Bleu which unfortunately wasn't that good. It was covered, drenched, in a weird soy/ginger sauce that overpowered the meat and even the veggies.We took the waitress's recommendation for dessert which was the Sticky Toffee Pudding with Whiskey Ice Cream! OH MU GOD! This was the BEST dessert! I will go back simply for this item!The owner said they had just taken over the restaurant in May, so that may explain the change in reviews. They are also going to be remodeling so I look forward to seeing the changes!
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,8/28/2011,374,720,12,10,14>So I don't have the most artistic eye.  I like surrealist art because it is just like, OMG, so interesting and deep, you know what I mean?  Of course you do, fellow poseur . . . So Cy Twombly art is a different genre of "art" (and yes I do use that term loosely here).  Am I supposed to interpret the jagged scribblings as symbolic of the artist's cold detached father and the curvy loops as his sweet nurturing mother?  Somebody please tell me!  Help me understand?  Or maybe I am over-thinking it.  Maybe YOU are too.  Hm?Anyway, I guess this has less to do with the tangible aesthetics (that aren't very technically impressive) and more to do with the emotions the pieces elicit (from whimsical to angry).  The scribbles did emotionally and mentally jar me up a bit upon initial glance, but I found one of the pieces quite nice it it transformative appeal - I was perfectly content to just sit for a fifteen or so minutes and permit my eyeballs to trail to and fro the mess of haphazardly pushed words, lines, and shapes.  It's worth a visit because 1.  It's free.  2.  You're in a museum-y mood anyway post-Menil Collection.  3.  It's far more calming than the well-traveled Menil.  2.  And yes, the counter attendant guy is all kinds of adorable/awesome.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,8/27/2011,196,278,6,22,11>My bride and I were in need of a quick bite, so we decided to check out Hubble & Hudson Kitchen, the new fast casual place that's an offshoot of the successful Waterway upscale grocery and bistro.The place was hopping, and we ordered and were lucky to snare a table.  In short order our food arrived.  I tried the bleu cheese burger.  Eight ounces of chopped sirloin topped with melted bleu cheese, baby spinach in place of lettuce, and sauteed onions.  I splurged an extra dollar to substitute their Parmesan truffle fries for the regular french fries.  I also asked for it to be cooked medium rare.What came out looked gorgeous - the thick, hand-formed patty had an aggressive char, and the bleu cheese had been melted and slightly carmelized.  The sauteed onions were totally different than the grilled onions on my previous burger, and the baby spinach was an interesting idea that I was anxious to sample.I assembled the burger, and bit into it.  Wow.  This was a whole 'nother level.  The confident beefy swagger was front and center; not surprising, since the cooked patty was about an inch thick.  The tang of the bleu cheese and the bite of the sauteed onions sang a sharp yet controlled acidic tone that paired perfectly with the earthiness of the beef.  The housemade bun was slightly sweet, and was a solid foundation for this superlative burger.  The gorgeous patty was indeed cooked medium rare, and the center was warm, pink, and oozing with enough juices that made me go through three napkins before I was done.Bingo.  My new favorite burger in the Woodlands.  By a longshot.  Even more amazing is the price: $8 with fries.  That's a steal for this sort of high-quality burger; a steakhouse could sell this for double the price and still be offering a good value.Ever since the demise of Tesar's, I lamented the fact that there wasn't a burger out here that I truly craved, and could rank among the very top in Houston.  But Hubbell & Hudson has produced a superlative product that stands with Hubcap Grill, Beaver's, and Samba as the very best burgers to be had in Houston.If you love burgers, you've gotta check them out.
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,8/26/2011,231,233,10,14,13>So, to be fair, this is the first resort I have ever been to.  It's not far from home if you live in Houston, but it's just far enough so that you can say that you went somewhere. La Torretta Del Lago sits on Lake Conroe. The towering beauty of a hotel gives you a fantastic view of the Lake. As Farrah mentioned, there are endless types of water fun. But what about when you go in the dead of winter? Fear not.I started off the stay at the spa- the massage therapists were professional and friendly. Everything is very clean and I became good friends with the pedicurist in the 30 minutes I spent at the nail salon.  It averaged around 40-50 degrees during our stay, but the weather was nice enough to be outside during the day. Even though the pool and lazy river were not options during the cold weather, they have hot tubs and a heated "Infinity pool" for the cooler times. There is free miniature golf, a ton of spa services, amazing food, and the marina offers boat, jet ski and kayak rentals. The staff was AMAZING. Everyone was extremely friendly. The receptionists are so helpful, and not pretentious at all. Everyone smiles and says hello to you. There are two actual restaurants (a sushi restaurant and a French restaurant), and other "dining areas" open depending on the schedule. Yoi Yoi Sushi's head chef Robert Huan hails from Chicago's Le Cordon Bleu, and is super creative and gives out "free" creations (probably because it was slow and he was bored). Highly recommend the braised pork belly. I craved it for days. I think I actually thought about it all night, waiting for the restaurant to open again at 5pm so we could eat more of it. Chez Roux was fancy schmancy. Be prepared to drink wine and dine on French delicacies. Great view from either restaurant. It was slightly laughable that you can get an Escalade to take you from the hotel to the restaurant, puttputt course, or spa when each of these places are barely a five-minute's walk apart from each other. But maybe it's just me, who grew up in generation "you go on and walk yo' ass over there, who said you're getting a ride?"A talented pianist named Hayden and his wife were in the upstairs lobby lounge, and Hayden performed until 11pm. He is blind and plays completely by ear and by memory. He takes requests, and it's a treat when he sings along with his piano playing. Very moving experience. The rooms have GORGEOUS views. Our room faced east, and I opened my eyes to the sun peeking above the water. I could go on and on in minute detail, but I'll spare you. Suffice it to say, this was one of the most relaxing weekends ever. I would definitely come back here again, especially in the summer.
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,8/25/2011,225,440,9,16,14>I bought a new car! Well, really I bought it back in February, but I'm so in love with it! After doing lots of research and getting feedback from friends here on Yelp, I went to Champion to buy my 2011 Toyota 4Runner SR5. I went with Champion due to the quick response from their Internet sales department. The got back with me immediately regarding what vehicles they had in stock that matched my needs. After discussing options and numbers, I then went in for a test drive. I got there early on a Saturday, which I would recommend since there were very few people up that early and I got my car in for appraisal pretty quickly. I then spoke with one of the salesmen about the 4Runner in comparison to the FJ Cruiser. After getting a couple of them to give me their honest opinions about both, I knew I was set on the 4Runner. While they finished my appraisal I went out for a test drive. Needless to say, I had already made my mind up and the test drive was just an affirmation of what was to come. After going back and forth for a bit on my trade in and the cost of the 4Runner I wanted (with sunroof included), the sales department was able to give me what I wanted. A payment I could afford, an interest rate that was more than fair, and a decent return on my trade. In the end, I also tacked on an extended warranty and they threw in free maintenance for the first year. I recently went in for my first oil change and 30 point inspection, and was very pleased with the service department. I had my appointment made on-line (which was super easy to do) and showed up on time. I drove into the bay, they escorted me out of the truck and about 30 minutes later we were done! No cost to me, and free warm cookies and a bottle of water for the road! I love warm cookies!
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2011,8/24/2011,305,161,23,27,23>Ray's - Who doesn't like a guy named Ray? Real - True Pit - uh, oh - we talking barrel, gas, or legit cowboy? Either way I'm down. BBQ - thanks for giving it to me straight Shack - just the kind a place I want to cover my face in sauce at. Not a bad name. A recent spate of pub in the Press steered me down OST to see what the fuss was about. There I was once again pulled into the endless search for the best Q in this fair, beef laden land we call Texas. Based on the name I was evoking images of a low slung building steeped in the inevitable purpose of its own existence; less grand in its smoky splendor than Mueller's; less hallowed than stony floor and the wood fire that lies upon it at Smitty's; more urban Houston than either. What I found was the same unlikely place that you can find many of Houston's favorite comfort foods, a new, shiny gas station. Outfitted with slick new flat screen TVs and high backed booths, it was a better lunch spot to catch up on some reading and news than many of my usual choices. Inside I was greeted by one of the friendliest cashiers I've met in some time. Went with the #2 Combo which is for 3meats, and two sides. Same order as always: FB, PR,&L - PS, B, SOTS. Also got the sweet tea which is reminiscent of the type served at nearby Thelma's: fruity, sweet, lemony, not so much "tea"y. Don't get me wrong though, I refilled. When it was brought to the table, I realized I had let you down yelpers...no camera! It was a damn fine looking plate of food. The first among many unique touches that you notice immediately is that the white bread stacked on top is toasted. For some odd reason, you never see that. The ribs were noticeable for their beautiful smoke lacquer, but also because  they were of a cut that you just don't see that often - the famous St. Louis. St. Louis cut ribs are basically the more commonly found spare rib trimmed uniformly of the fatty cartilage area on the edge of the ribcage and sternum. They're often confused for baby backs, but occur further down the rib cage from them. The links also veer from the norm by having an obvious dose of both spices and herbs. There's literally only one other place where I've had a link anything like this, and I can't unfortunately share where that is at the moment. The brisket on the other hand was like greeting and old familiar friend with its beautiful shiny black coat of bark and glistening goodness. The brisket was tender, but still held together; perfectly moist and full of flavor. The ribs were actually pretty amazing considering they had probably been at the best for the lunch rush an hour or so earlier. They were perfectly cooked, though the membrane had gotten a bit tough, and still packing enough juice to get your hands shiny. The links were a nice change in flavor in an often monotonous item. Apparently it's a recipe that they've been using for 18 years. It was definitely a distant third on the plate for me though, as I'd be tempted to double the brisket next time. The beans and potato salad are homemade and decent. If you like your potato salad with a heavy kick of mustard and relish, here you go. It was a little heavy on those two for me though, which is rare. The beans were along the cowboy/ ranch variety covered in it's own rich and heavily seasoned jus. The sauce was neither of the common sauces found in these parts, the thin sweet vinegar of the west or the dark, thick, or the sweet of the East. Instaed. it almost seemed a mixture of the two. Hell who cares, I don't eat it anyway. I never got a clear indication of what kind of wood (other than they use two kinds) or smoker they use because Ray wasn't there. I'm guessing a gas powered smoker fueled with a mix of hickory and pecan due to the beautiful dark color, but gentle flavor and the obvious lack of an exterior smoke room or retro-fitted stack coming out of the building.Notes: they're phone number is : 713-748-4BBQ - I love thatNot the best part of town, but take comfort that Ray is a soon to be retired sheriff, and his partner Maxine's son is a defensive tackle for the Broncos.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,8/23/2011,94,159,6,9,5>VEGETARIAN REVIEW:Goal: reasonably priced burger joint to feed meatyfriends but not make me eat fries for dinner.Natachee's FTW!This place had pizazz and at $7.99 for a burger and side (choosing from fries, onion rings, fried pickles, salad, veggies, mac and cheese), it was hard to beat.  I ordered the "Daughter-in-Law" homemade veggie burger (see pics for menu description and meal), which is a handmade black bean/sweet potato/roasted red pepper patty topped with pepper jack and guacamole with fried pickles on the side.  Normally I'd shoot for a salad but I hear the FP's are a speciality so who am I to object?It was zesty, very filling, and for me enough for two meals.  The FP's were tasty and I don't even like pickles normally, I'd recommend getting a side of ranch to dip them in (sometimes I like my fat dipped in fat, ok?) Outside of a salad or mac/cheese this was the main veggie option here but it was a good one and I'd get it again.The friends had the chili burger and the regular burger and rated them 4 stars and 3.5 stars respectively, noting they were very good, really hit the spot, but just not out of this world per se.  All high quality ingredients though, very flavorful.  Note: onion rings [greater than] fries.Sidenote: if you're familiar with Austin, this place kinda reminds me of Shady Grove and I bet in the summer there are great outdoor concerts here with that fantastic outdoor stage they have.This kitschy joint is worth a visit, next time I'll save room for pie!
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2010,8/22/2011,59,85,10,11,12>I live within walking distance from Cedar, so my roommate and I eagerly awaited its (delayed) opening a couple of years ago.  The first couple of months, we went at least twice a week.  It was our first real neighborhood bar, and we loved it.Upon opening, the food was awful.  The manager let us know that they were still working on getting a real kitchen staff together.  The food is much better now...it's still a little on the salty and  greasy (and pricy) side, but as far as bar food goes, it's pretty good.  Just remember that it's a bar first, restaurant second.  In that context, I enjoy the food.  I especially like their burgers.The inside decor reminds me of a ski lodge.  Very comfortable.  You have to order at the bar...so if you're looking for table service, look elsewhere.  There's outdoor seating on the front, the side, and the back.  There's also actually a creek.  It's a great place to enjoy a beer on a nice day.  For that reason, if the weather is nice, it's usually packed.Drinks prices are about average.  Their coffee is good, although when I order cafe au lait, it always seems to come out luke warm.  Their frozen alcoholic  "country ass tea" is delicious.  Service at the bar can be a little on the slow side when it gets busy, but the staff is always very nice.  I never feel like I'm being ignored, which is more than I can say for a lot of Houston bars.I still frequent this place once a month or so...it gets a little too busy for my liking on the weekends, but it certainly beats Washington bars.  I know it's the most cliche and overused term ever, but this place is, in fact, "laid back."If you do go, please be careful when driving.  There are adorable homeless neighborhood cats (we've nicknamed two of them Nubs and Super Furry Cat) that hang around the adjacent streets.  If you hit them, I will cry.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2011,8/21/2011,38,55,20,11,8>So the wife wakes me up early Sunday morning with great news, according to her. Jumping out of bed I rush over to the restroom.  Laughing she explains about wanting go to a farmers market that supposedly has great deals. Relieved that I wasn't late for work I hop back into bed.  Nope! She makes me get up and get ready.Honestly speaking, Sunday morning at a farmers market is not my idea of an experience, preferring the driving range or better yet sleeping, but with no other plans the idea was agreeing.  Like the happy go lucky couple we are, stopping at McDonalds for mochas, we make our way down to Canino Produce located on Airline.Incredible!  I was absolutely blown away by this place, guarantying fresher produce cannot be found unless you strap on the overalls, lace up the boots, and crank up the ol' John Deere.  Hawking their wares vendors galore approach asking if they can be of assistance recognizing a newbie walking within their fields. Being a seasoned veteran of green onion picking in Chandler Arizona as child, they were wrong.Like walking through a minefield I ducked, jumped and engaged the vendors making sure to focus on produce and pricing. Whenever finding deals, haggle, negotiating for the best price and the portions that are most beneficial.  If unfamiliar with an item, asking the vendor how to prepare it, they were more than helpful as they felt useful in providing their acquired insight in the art of farming. After two hours of bare fisted, no holds barred, wheeling and dealing I walk out with a trash bag full of groceries hoisted on my back looking like a vegetarian Santa, all for  the grand total of $25.00. ....now WTH am I going to do with all these LIMA BEANS! Enjoy!
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2010,8/20/2011,427,838,14,16,13>Fun fact: did you know that Mockingbird Bistro was my second-ever Yelp review?For those of you that have long been following my reviews (I thank you but can't figure out why, what with my love of parentheses, semi-colons and dependent clauses), you'll know my "big 3" Houston fancy restaurants include Mockingbird, Reef, and Mark's.Why Mockingbird? Three words: Prime. Steak. Frites. Or as I like to call it, "oh my god the best steak EVAR" (copyright pending). So when I saw my dish on the Houston Restaurant Week menu, I had to go. And convince some of my friends to try this best steak ever.Now let's get this out of the way: HRW Prime Steak Frites is not best steak ever like regular menu Prime Steak Frites is. For one, it's a smaller. And two, the quality of the beef is not quite as good (and sneaking suspicion, may actually be a different cut). That said, the sauce is still fantastic, the triple mushrooms adds the perfect complement, and the pommes frites dipped in aioli sauce can best be described as like artery-clogging crack.Seriously, when they show "The Best Thing I Ever Ate!: Non-Celebrity Edition," the regular menu Prime Steak Frites is at the top of my list. Don't believe me? Go try it; compliment me later.Quickly, some other plugs:* It's in a neighborhood, tucked away. Next to actual houses. Not next to a freeway or a Taco Cabana.* There's valet parking, but because it's in said neighborhood, there's plenty of nearby street parking.* Another neighborhood benefit: awesome decor.* The waiter service is fantastic. Every time I've been, the waitstaff is friendly but not overbearing.* The wine list is stout.* Esquire named it one of the best bars in America.What are you waiting for?
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,8/19/2011,178,1288,1,19,16>Most Japanese restaurants in Houston aren't owned by Japanese people, so when I walked into Nippon and was greeted by a lady with a Japanese accent I was already loving this place.  It's a small but welcoming restaurant. We were immediately seated in the main dining room. There is a small area with tables by the sushi bar, but it is quite cramped.  Our service was good, with the owner (my assumption) coming to take our order and check on us during the meal.  There were so many items on the menu that I wanted to try but I went with my old standards and then tried a bite of my husband's food too.  The salad that came out before our meal was huge and covered in the most delicious salad dressing. I would go back to Nippon just for the salad. The tempura was very good - light and crisp. The shrimp tempura appetizer actually comes with veggies as well. I wasn't even sure what all the vegetables were but it was all very good. The chicken teriyaki was very good and a nice large portion. It was served with cabbage and a small scoop of potato salad.  The potato salad was an unusual choice and one I hadn't seen before, but it was good. My husband had the oyakodon which he loved. It came in a beautiful square box and was a little sweeter than other places we've had it. We really liked the level of sweetness, but I can imagine it might be a little too sweet for other people. His maguro (tuna) and tamago (egg omelet) sushi were both very good and fresh.  The cost of dinner was about $20 a person which wasn't a bad price.  I also liked that we didn't feel rushed out of there once we were done with dinner.I can't wait to bring my Japanese father to Nippon. He's going to love it! Parking is a pain. When we arrived, the lot behind it was full.  My husband dropped me off so I could meet our friend and then he wandered around looking for parking.  The waitress finally told me he could park in the spa parking lot next door which is what he did.  I assume they have some type of reciprocal relationship.  I'll definitely park there from now on.
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2011,8/18/2011,229,569,7,10,10>Eleven reviews and no mention of the fact that there's a boat on this taqueria lot. Most of my time here was spent staring at this odd marvel. On the back end of the boat, some goldfish. This is my kind of my place!The whole Taqueria Ruby area is a visual delight. The fusball table, for instance, complete with golfball--is unbalanced, so as to make the game humorously ridiculous. My favorite, behind the non-sensical boat (which it incidentally appears to cost one dollar to enter, no alcoholic beverages or smoking allowed) are the parakeets--which one should NOT pet. So says the signs. But yes, . .. the food. I've seen this crack looking stand here a long time. I've been jaded by trucks in this area of town. Trucks in Cyfair are generally passionless affairs--existing only to meet minimal hunger requirements. No pride, no seasoning. Ruby, however, has won a place in my heart. The menu is pretty expansive. My brother and I are quite a hunger force, so we made the round of taco meats. All of them were pretty impressive. Ruby likes spice, so there's plenty of pow when biting into these little delights. The standouts for me were the barbacoa and the milanesa. Their barbacoa is markedly different from any other I've had in town. The meat on this taco is not the usual stringy, moist, cow face I am used to ordering.  Definitely worth a try and definitely tasty. Most of their tacos are markedly different from others in town. The milanesa gets a strong salute, because the meat is juicy and the breading well seasoned. Like i said, my brother and I were determined. We tried a gordita al pastor. Hearty, delicious, but not for the light eater. The sincronizada is kind of primitively made with lunch meat ham, but man--it's pretty delicious. I'd recommend giving it a go. Only gripe I had was the weak agua fresca they handed me. Bleh! Passionless I tell you. Open 24 hours. Don't know that this would be my stop in the middle of the night. Despite loving the random decor, but it's comforting to know that Ruby is their for me should the urge hit. These are not the best tacos in town, but definitely a heavyweight. Check em out!
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,8/17/2011,115,362,11,9,12>Poison Girl is the perfect rendezvous for that quirky segment of every circle of friends. And I'm not talking about Bell Biv Devoe fans. Well, maybe I am, but only fans in the "ironic" sense. You know, with mustaches and Thundercats t-shirts. But really, what more can you say about a bar with femme fatale paintings on the walls, a whole bank of vintage pinball machines, and a ginormous Kool-Aid man out back? Well, you could also say that they have a tremendous selection of whiskeys. Or that they have a great happy hour. And that the place is run by some of the coolest people around, the same as those over at Antidote Coffee (see the connection?), most recently exemplified by the benefit party they held for the displaced employees of Agora Cafe just down the road during its reconstruction. PG just has a small storefront with a logo in the window, but it's driving me out of my mind, that's why it's hard for me to find.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,8/16/2011,119,124,10,23,21>After reading articles on pop up restaurants in other major cities, Houston finally has one (correction, this is the second or third one according to Gretchen P. and Mike W. - Thanks!) and it's named Les Sauvages created by Justin Basye. This was the second dinner which featured a Chef named Ryan Lachaine. This idea is all about local ingredients and creativity. I would compare this to Woodstock where you're free to express yourself without pressure, rules, commitments, and it's all about being creativite and having fun (minus all of the drugs and unprotected sex).The dining experience is held at the Hofheinz House. It is a very intimate setting. There were only 40 people so you didn't feel over crowded. It was a very relaxing and casual. It is also BYOB. Since it was Bastille Day, 13 Celsius sponsored this dinner with wine. You just pick a seat and enjoy the people and the food.  Let's just right into the food:     Poutine - fries and cheese curds: This was actually an off dish from the menu compliments of the one of chefs (from Canada). It had strong flavors of from the egg cheese curds and chili. Using the three French fries as a spoon give a really great contrast of the saltiness of the dish.Texas rabbit - salad, smoked mayonnaise, egg yolk, Texas toast: The texture of the rabbit was very similar to can tuna. I've never seen this before. The rabbit didn't taste gamey at all.  The egg yolk gave this dish a richer creamy flavor. The Texas toast was actually more of a thin cracker which added to additional crispy texture to the dish. Gulf shrimp poached & crispy, popcorn, cauliflower: I've never poached shrimp before and now this is the only way I want my shrimp cooked. The texture of the shrimp was soft and tender (like perfectly cooked lobster meat). There was a cauliflower puree and it was delicious and it went well with the shrimp. Sprinkled on the plate was also popcorn which added more texture to the dish. The head of the shrimp was deep fried! Yes I said deep fried. Frixos' grouper - cornbread puree, chow chow: The grouper was cooked to perfection. I was amazed by the cornbread puree because it tasted just like cornbread but had a texture of oatmeal. The flavors of the fish, cornbread puree and the salted beans combined in such harmony. Yuba - This was a soup dish consisting of slices of yuba mushrooms and tofu skins. The broth was a miso base. I love any soup dish that has a miso base with mushrooms. I literally drank this soup.  Skirt steak - mushroom ketchup, charred onion: There was some serious beating done to this skirt steak because it was so tender. The mushroom ketchup was interesting. I didn't taste mushroom flavor but it was salt and not tangy like regular ketchup. The slice of yellow tomato added that tanginess to the dish. The charred onions were perfectly cooked as it was still firm. Ckc farms baby caprino - roasted figs, rhubarb: The caprino cheese was salty but the rhubarb puree added the additional flavor to make it more savory. The roated fig wasn't too sweet and light roasted. The textures from the firm, chewy cheese to the softy figs really made this dish for me.  Peanut ice cream - coke float: This was a twist on the class coke float. It was simple and delicious! Box - It contained a cookie. The chef told us it was for us to take home for the following day to enjoy with coffee. I ate it instead of waiting. =)My dining experience was amazing. I can see why the dinners sell out so quickly. I'm going to another dinner. Do you want to join me?
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2011,8/15/2011,269,274,7,12,12>Burgers, mussels, and beer...These are just a few of my favorite things.  And here I thought BRC was an acronym for Big Red Capon, but why would a restauarant name itself after a castrated rooster.  Big Red Cock is more like it.I would say the best part about BRC is the revolving selection of Craft Beer on tap.  BRC tries to keep the selection fresh and up to date with all the great seasonal beers now available.  The Pub Burger Monday is great, $7.00 for their famous bacon cheese burger and twice cooked fries.  Any other day the burger and fries will cost you $11.00.   BRC's daily specials are always fun to keep an eye on, mac n cheese and sliders of the day, and you must try the Steak Fried Portabello Mushrooms.  The Mussels & Fries for $14.50 are a great deal.  You get 16-20 Mussels with twice cooked fries, in Creole Barbecue with beer, and butter or a White Wine with roasted tomato, garlic, basil, and butter.  I'll give you a heads up here, always get a side hot sauce syrup and what ever you order, dip it in that sauce.  You'll thank me later.When you walk into BRC, the large booths and textured crimson and white wallpaper is a warm welcome along with the stained wood everywhere.  I have always had exceptional service, they are patient and very knowledge about the menu. I'm in BRC often to check out whats on tap and will typically partake in a pint. If you like pub food and beer this is the place to be.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,8/14/2011,113,62,7,19,20>Did you ever go to Melange Creperie and think that something was missing?  Something cold and refreshing, maybe even healthy?  Especially if you're getting the blackberry, brown sugar crepe after a good workout?  Sometimes it can be blazing hot while waiting for that yummy crepe concoction.  Well, as of today, a new player in the form of Juice Girl  has arrived on the scene to create the perfect Saturday morning duet - crepes and juice!  The brightly colored yellow and orange van sunnily beckons you to come sate your thirst with an ice cold juice.  Owner Gretchen Hawkins is friendly, easy to talk, and will patiently answer your all your questions about her product.  This ain't your 10% juice and 90% mystery filler with high fructose corn syrup. Heck no!  These are 100% freshly made juices, pulpy goodness in a bottle (for some of them, like the Mmm...Mango) that will leave you craving for more.  Today's selection gave you your choice of 4 flavors:  Apple Ale, Strawberry Apple Ale, Flaming Lips Zinger (a carrot juice/ginger blend), Mmm...Mango (mango, pineapple, apple, & banana).  It would be nice to see more flavors and I have a feeling offerings will change depending on what's in season.  At $4 a pop, this is a great deal for 100% freshness, probably made within the last  24 - 48 hours.  If you return the bottle, you will get a stamped card which, after 18 stamps, will reward you with a free juice.  Do you need more convincing?  It's a local home-grown business!  I love supporting Houston's home grown establisments.  So next time you want some fresh juice, keep a look out for the yellow and orange ray van.  Juice Girl will be setting up shop next to Melange Crepe every Saturday from 11 a.m. until 2 pm, then heading over to Buchanons in the Heights from 3 - 5 pm.  I believe there are plans to open on Sundays as well, but supply issues are still being worked out.  In addition, according to the website, Juice Girl is also available at Kraftsmen, Yoga Ananda, Joy Yoga, Nia Moves and Pat Greer's Kitchen.  This is a great Houston addition and I look forward to washing down all future melange crepes with these cold tasty juices.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,8/13/2011,78,161,3,11,8>I think The Modular Trailer wins for lowest cost food truck - no digital displays, photo booths or extravagant exterior paint jobs.  Their menu is actually just a piece of paper taped to the side of the trailer - probably, because the change the menu for highlighted items like duck wings.  I have no problem with that!  I have had the chance to try almost every current menu item and I must say, the food is very solid.  Here are the highlights:Sous vide pork belly with apples, pickled onions resting on a bed of short grain rice - probably the best pork belly I have had in the city.  The apples and the pickled onions were a nice compliment.  The rice was slightly al dente for my liking, but they are fairly new and I am going to give them the benefit of the doubt.Poke Tacos - my first reaction was three tacos that were not at all skimpy on the tuna.  The taco shell itself was just ok, but all in all a very good dish.Shrimp and Grits - I will first say, the grits were done well - very creamy and had a great butter flavor.  The shrimp were so-so.  A nice spice, but they seemed a little overcooked.  Again, they are new, so I will try this dish for a second time.Chicken Thighs - I really liked the chicken as well as the sauce (good teriyaki sweetness).  It is served over a bed of short grain rice.They did not have the duck wings on both of my visits, but they sound very interesting.One other note - all of their menu items are between $5-6 and the portion size is ample.  This is a pretty good deal compared to their competition.The Modular Trailer really impressed me.  I will be back and I want duck wings!
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,8/12/2011,556,161,8,14,11>I seriously hope Maiberry will secure its spot in the mall unlike the bunches of other businesses that have been in its place and shut down. I've had enough yogurt from all around Houston to claim Maiberry as my favorite. I ordered half original, half cheesecake flavor with strawberries and cheesecake chunks (don't worry, I'll get to that). And my mom ordered a half original, and half mango flavor with blueberries and cheesecake chunks. I really enjoyed the yogurt for not being TOO frozen or TOO soft. It had a very good mouth-feel and it was sort of addicting to eat. The original yogurt had a stronger flavor of sweet and tang than others I've had. I think that's why I finished it so quickly. The cheesecake flavor was so-so but the original totally made up for it. After discovering how delicious my yogurt was, I promptly dipped my spoon into my mom's mango flavor. To my surprise, the mango yogurt's flavor was identifiably mango. If I wanted to order yogurt with a HINT of mango flavor then I'd order the "hint of mango flavored yogurt." So I was very pleased to find that Maiberry make frozen yogurt with taste. The fruit was alright. What really got me was the little cheesecake bites - diced cheesecake bits coated in graham cracker crust. They were great and a much better alternative to the other toppings you always see (fruit, granola, cereal, etc...) The yogurt here is so great you will want to walk around the mall all day and just munch on it. However, beware,  your yogurt will be gone before you can say, "Oh Maigoodness!"
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,8/11/2011,2824,154,6,8,8>This is my kind of place.  Not fancy.  Very, very laid back.  Very friendly patrons and attentive staff.This location only service beer and wine, so if you want hard alcohol, this is not the place for you.It's modeled after a bier garten type atmosphere.  Beer is ICE COLD and they offer it in buckets.Apparently, Thursday night is Turtle Race Night!  A lot more fun than it sounds.  They hand out tickets for the turtles.  If your turtle is the first to win 2 heats, then you get a free drink.  (see picture)Also, good view of downtown.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,8/10/2011,158,402,13,14,13>Ever since I moved from Chicago in 2000 after a short stint, i haven't found a place that can do justice to a true Chicago style hot dog.  the essentials like sport peppers, the poppy seed bun, an all beef frank and the relish just makes it the most perfect concoction on a bun.  I even tried making them here after a baker had some poppy seed buns on hand one day, but sport peppers were nowhere to be found....so i was on a day of vintage/antique/used shopping and decided to stop thru to see what this new spot was all about.  since they said they had hot dogs.  After arrival, i was greeted by 2 ladies who gave me a brief rundown of the menu.  I was taken by my dream...the Al Capone Hot dog.  It seemed to have all the things I've been missing from this beefy treat called a hot dog.  I ordered and waited and took in the ambiance.  The desserts looked spectacular and they have savory cheesecakes, which they provided a free sample of.  I'm ordering one for my next party.  Cheesecakes made from real cheeses that would go great on a cracker or your favorite toasted bread.....  I was in heaven.Next the hot dogs came.... they were pretty huge!  I had to take a bite to make it fit on my cameraphone before i sent it to my Chi-Town homie  because it wouldn't fit on my screen properly.  it was friggin awesome!  the bread was a perfect combo of soft, buttery, crispy and held the toppings well. I know it was good because my shopping partner didn't even offer me a bite of theirs ( they had the Texas Chili Dog... it didn't stand a chance either....). The Dogs are served with fruit or chips.  I think i had a foodgasm after the second bite... does that make me a slut? if so, I'll be that!
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2011,8/9/2011,134,149,,,>Good Greek food open 24 hours a day, close by in the Montrose, and parking to boot.  Gotta love it.  Of course given the portions,  they really should change to name to something more like "One's for Two".  Seriously, the calamari, souvlaki and moussaka were all quite tasty, but any one of them could have satisfied the two of us just fine.  We had Greek food for lunch for days after.This is your classic Greek American family restaurant.   Blue and white checked table cloths and attentive staff.  Nothing fancy, but the place is clean, the food is good and the atmosphere is friendly.  You get the feeling that a good number of the staff are related, or at the very least have relatives back in the old country.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,8/9/2011,265,191,7,13,13>In 2010, my hair morphed into five different colors (at different hair levels to boot). Not intentionally, mind you, but because I colored it once, went  on a tropical vacation, had keratin treatment upon return, went on yet another beach destination, dyed it yet another color, and basically exposed my hair into very volatile situations. Let's just say that by year's end my hair had a color gradient going from jet black at the crown to light brown at the tips. It was not pretty. I needed MAJOR color expertise.A few months back a girlfriend of mine invited me to the grand opening of Mercer Salon on Washington. It was a beautiful event catered by the surrounding businesses (Catalan, etc) and they held a raffle that benefited Texas Children's Hospital. I originally went as a guest of my girlfriend who has been a devotee of Vielka, her stylist of many years and owner of Mercer Salon.  It was a lovely event and I meant to give her a try soon after but got busy with work/life/events. When the holidays approached and I couldn't get an appointment with my regular hair stylist in short notice, my girlfriend reminded me about Vielka and we both made appointments for a salon date. So one very early (ahem, 8am early) Saturday morning, we made our way to Mercer on Washington. When I first took my long hair out of my (very lazy) bun, Vielka ran her hands through it, fluffed it a bit, and then called her apprentice over. I was a bit nervous at first because she was so quiet and looked deep in thought over my rainbow of a hairdo. As soon as her apprentice came over, the barrage of questions commenced: What color level would you call this? And how would you treat her hair? What density level? The INTENSE questioning went on for what seemed like an eternity and even I felt nervous for the girl being questioned. However, it did make me feel secure to know that Vielka took the time to "investigate" my hair and made me aware of how much knowledge she had regarding the color process.After the interrogation, I was asked what color I would like. Honestly, I don't know much about hair colors and I had a hard time describing what I wanted: "brown, but not dark brown...maybe light brown, but not shiny light brown...maybe blonde...but for dark skin tones." In other words, I had no clue what I wanted. I half jokingly said that I wanted to try blonde. Seeing my struggle with the color decision, Vielka whipped out a magazine with Jessica Alba on the cover. "Like this?" she asked. WHO WAS I TO REFUSE A JESSICA ALBA LOOK-ALIKE HAIR COLOR?! Four hours later (hey, I have lots of hair and again, the mantra "short term pain-long term pleasure" is appropriate here), I came out dark blonde. It took several hair processes to ensure my hair came out evenly and with "depth" as she called it but it's probably the most flattering color I've ever had in my entire 21(+) yr old life.  I plan to stay blonde for 2011. Now if only I can stay away from the beaches  next year.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2011,8/8/2011,251,713,18,21,21>About four years ago I sent my mom an email (JUST stick with me for my yarn) asking if she knew of a good place in town to get a straight up peach cobbler.  Fresh made, not out of a box that had been delivered by Sysco.  2/3 peaches and their juices and 1/3 to 1/2 breading/crust.  (Pardon the Yogi Berra-ism there.)Her response was, "well I asked everyone in the office, and no one really knew."  Totally dissed by my own mother.  She has an awesome recipe, but rarely makes it anymore.  It makes sense, we would have each eaten a bowl, then she would have frozen the rest only to pull it out two months later to discover it had frozen to death.  Freezer burn.I kept an eye out in all of the usual places over the next few years.  I couldn't find any that looked appetizing, didn't have it's ingredients deconstructed in some faux fancy restaurant, or just wasn't all there.  I certainly wasn't going to make it myself, drive to a BBQ place in Austin that has decent cobbler, risking it accidentally be Blackberry Cobbler, or head east on I-10, then north on I-59 for my desired treat.  I wanted Mom-caliber peach cobbler.  Or make that, Nana-caliber peach cobbler.  I wound up grilling peach halves in a lazy attempt to satisfy my craving.  Good, but still not quite there.Fast forward to last week.  I was driving down Dowling, eating my too healthy vegan panini from Green Seed Vegan food truck, and decided I needed to balance my meal at Not Jus Donuts.  From what I gathered, the place was a mix of custom-made, gorgeous cakery and a bakery that sold Southern desserts.  Golly, was I in for a treat!  It was a Friday, but I read on their site that they made Peach Cobbler on Thursday and sold it 'til it was sold out.  I was totally in luck that Friday; I thank my Nana Angel.  Not only did they still have a few bowls of the amazing meal, I mean dessert, they also had Sock it to Me Cake and Buttermilk Pie.  And Pound Cake.  And 7-Up Cake.  And Sweet Potato Pie.  And Pineapple Upside Down Cake.  And Banana Pudding.They have quite an assortment of pie and cakes, slices and personal-sized.  They also had a display counter full of cookies.I wound up with a bowl of Peach Cobbler and a Tea Cake (it's a cookie).  Both were divine.  I don't think your Momma, Grandma, or Great Aunt Mildred could top Not Jus Donuts.  The Cobbler was perfect.  Big slices of fresh peaches, just enough pastry.  Seasoned perfectly, but not overly.  I snuck bites for the remainder of the day.  The Tea Cake was so elegantly simple.  I should have waited until I got back to work, so that I could have made a nice cup of Earl Gray or Rose White Tea.  Alas, I ate bites of it in between bites of the Cobbler.  I probably also should have gotten a slice of the buttermilk pie.  It looked so pillowy and I could taste the lemony richness.  No, that would have been overkill.  Next time, Gretchen, next time.Thanks Not Jus Donuts for turning my healthy Friday into a happy Friday!
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,8/7/2011,343,368,12,14,12>JONATHAN RUBS MY BELLY.  We are the champions my friend.. no time for losers.  Jonathan's The Rub won the 2011 Houston Press' Best Burger in Houston contest, beating out the likes of Burger Guys, Petrol Station, Hubcap Grill and many more; I knew I had to try this place.  I was a bit skeptical at first because there was no way anyone can beat Burger Guys right?!If you thought Burger Guy's burgers were big, then the burgers at Jonathan's The Rub are Sulley from Monster's Inc, monstrous.  The medium rare patty is one of the juiciest 9 ounces of ground beef that I've ever had the pleasure of scarfing down.  It is infused with Jonathan's special rub that will enlighten your burger mind.  The sourdough bun is lightly toasted and has a hint of honey sweetness.  The toppings taste like they were just picked up from the local farm.  The fries are crispy and come sprinkled with the special rub seasoning.The restaurant is a bistro tucked away in the corner of a small shopping strip.  There are only a few number of tables inside and outside so it gets crowded around peak hours.  The service here is everything you can hope for: attentive, friendly, and not overbearing.Wow, a second-trimester-glowing review but why only 4 stars?  A group of my friends came here one day for lunch and the burger and fries were $9.  You can add any of the following for 50 cents each: grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, grilled bell peppers, fried avocados, fried egg, and bacon.  I pretty much built a mountain from all these toppings.  I am fine with paying $13 for premium burger and fries (after tax and tip).  This is a little expensive but it is worth it.  Fast forward to dinner time and the burger without all the extras was $25.  For some reason the rub burger goes from $9 to $18 in a matter of hours.  The size was the same and tasted the same, yet the price werewolves as the moon comes up.  So come here for lunch and have an epic burger.
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2010,8/6/2011,284,893,5,8,8>This place is great for a date night OR drinks with friends. There is a nice bar area but also numerous intimate tables.The decor here is beautiful. Industrial finish on the walls, vintage tin ceiling tiles, and chandeliers mixed with industrial lighting. It has the perfect low lighting and great music at a moderate level.The wait staff is very professional and know everything about the items on the menu, we asked for recommendations often. I was also impressed by the prices - most entrees are around $12. We started with the vegetable samosas for an appetizer - very tasty but similar to all samosas I've had before.For our entrees my dining companion ordered the English boar sausage and mashed potatoes, while I ordered Indian chicken tikka masala. The tikka masala was delicious, and for once - actually spicy! Both meals were amazing and we ate every morsel off the plates.As recommended by the waitress, we ordered the hazelnut pear tart with pumpkin ice cream for dessert. In my opinion the pears weren't cooked down enough and were a bit too crunchy for the delicate tart, but it was still tasty.Overall I loved the atmosphere, intimate but not boring, beautifully lit, great food. We will be back!
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,8/5/2011,64,239,7,16,14>So let's set things a little straight on what exactly this bookstore is all about. This is NOT where you go to buy new mass printings, this is where scholarly, first editions and out of print books come to be loved, appreciated and understood. If you don't understand this book trade, then you won't find yourself enjoying this bookstore for what it is. Put on the perspective that this is more like buying from an antique store, not your local Barnes & Noble. We finally made a trip in here after driving past so many times on our way to Star Pizza, Freebirds or Amy's. Luckily we were actually here when they were open, horay! It is a little dangerous for us, lovers of leather bound printings of classic books. There are too many things here that I want, but sadly can't afford right now. *sigh* Why do I have to be an adult and pay my bills?We left with two books. I picked an anthropology text on the Mayans, written by respected authorities on the subject (I'm so tired of getting books only to find that they just got their research from the other books I own), as a prep for our summer trip to the Yucatan. One of my favorite past times is arguing with tour guides when they are perpetuating misconceptions or old information that is no longer accepted scholarly. The hubby got himself a book on the scientific aspects of music, very nerdy and up his alley. The Mayan book is a first addition and out of print, the owner made me a protector for the dust jacket to preserve the condition. My husbands book is also out of print, believe me music books of this type are hard to find! Amazon has much later editions from $110. Worked out to be exactly 1/4 the price of Amazon and a better edition. I primarily enjoyed the treatment you get when you go to stores like this. the owner knows his stuff. I get so irritated with other stores when you ask them a question and they just aren't educated at all on what they are trying to sell. They take personal checks and give hand written receipts. I love a place with character.
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,8/4/2011,137,234,7,14,12>It's getting 5 stars because I loved it.  Tell me which of these qualities does not deserve 5 stars: Its a little difficult to find.  There is no sign except an address written in marker on a poster-board stuck in the yard. I like it. It says "We're here, but you don't really need to see us." Down House was apparently the name of Darwin's home, so there is a 1800s cutting edge sciency Darwin theme, and it works.  The checks come out stuffed bewtween the pages of Darwin's various biology books, and mine was so fun to read, I forgot I had to sign. It's both cool, and a thoroughly ingenious method for keeping advocates of intelligent design away from your establishment!Breakfast is creative here.  The only thing you ask a breakfast place is that they do it creatively.  People will come.  There is a whole market of truly bored breakfast lovers awake at 530am on saturdays and they're really sad about the boring breakfasts they''ll have to suffer through.  At Down House, they will be happy.How could they not? The first item on the menu us Venison Sausage, Roasted Poblano, and Ghost-Pepper-Jack Cheese omellette.  Sign me up. Pride in the coffee. Its great coffee and the presentation is pleasant (see posted pictures. This is the type of place I want to go every morning I wake up too early.  I want to eat good things and drink nice coffee with frilly frothy latte designs.
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,8/3/2011,305,198,6,7,6>Booyah! HAPPY HOUR SUSHI! Wait? On a Sunday?I feel like I just won.Service was fantastic. Those sushi chefs whip dishes out like lightning.I came with a party of about 15. Only 13 ate. So for 13 people, the bill only came out to $240 with an 18% included gratuity.I did not get to experience this place when it turned into a club scene. I'd rather sit down and enjoy my sushi in quiet sophistication.Happy hour maki rolls were $6. I had the rock n roll and the spider roll. Both were pretty good and it was fair for the price. Nigiri was $1.50 a piece and they were very generous with the portions. I'm very used to sushi that has been cut to barely cover the rice that it is served on. Toku cuts long portions of fish that overlap the rice and touch the plate.You can tell the fish was very fresh too. I've been craving their Escolar (had such a nice buttery flavor) since.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2011,8/2/2011,172,157,6,9,9>Sweet iced lemonade and fresh baked bunsThin cut onions and meat perfectly done.Hot meals picked up after a *bing*These are a few of my favorite things...Artwork by children and sun-kissed walls,Gooey fruit pies and moist cake ballsBold color crayons and new coloring pages.Friendly small talk that the waiter engagesThese are a few of my favorite things...When the waiter goes,When the check arrives,When I am feeling mad,I simply remember my favorite thingsand then I do feel so glad.Hear the inspiration for this review:youtube.com/watch?v=OvYZ
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,8/1/2011,105,95,8,10,11>I'll start off by saying that Hermann Park is the best park in Houston.In the center of the park, there is McGovern Lake. You can rent pedal boats for the lake and children can fish from the lake. At one point there was a Little Bigs overlooking the lake's western shore. Unfortunately, weekday foot traffic was not high enough to keep it open. Steps away from McGovern Lake is a reflection pool. Beside the reflection pool is the Japanese Garden. The Hermann Park Railroad traverses most of the park. It costs three dollars for a train ride or you can pay more for a ticket to ride all day. You can also (pay to) be engineer for a day. It's a park so there are paths and trails all around including a two mile jogging trail. And again, it's a park, so its home to non humans. Birds, squirrels, and turtles seem to be the most prominent non humans in the park. Most of the animals in the park have little or no fear of humans. One time at the park, at least 10 ducks followed (chased?) me around. Sorry ducks, I didn't have food on me.The park is also home to Miller Outdoor Theatre.The amphitheatre has 1700 seats plus a huge lawn area for additional seating. A huge variety of shows are given here. Everything from classic movies to performances by the Houston Symphony. And best of all, all shows are free! Although free, some performances do require the advance pick up of free tickets for covered seating. The lawn area never requires tickets.An added bonus of the amphitheatre is the hill it is built upon. Or should I say, the hill that was built, that it was built upon. The hill is always filled with people running up, running down, relaxing on, rolling down, and even flipping down it. Rolling down hills is always fun, but one day I'll have to try flipping down. Other parts of the park include the Garden Center, a playground, and an area near Brays Bayou that most people probably don't know about. I think the Hermann Park Conservancy is trying to fix this by better connecting this area. So far, they are building a trail under MacGregor Way (where people normally drive like it's a freeway) to connect both sides of the park. Unfortunately, a lot of trees have been cut down in this area. Hopefully more will be planted after construction is done.The Houston Zoo, Hermann Park Golf Course, and the Houston Museum of Natural Science surround the park. If I was going to give a complaint about the park, it would be the parking. Parking lots fill up fast on weekends. Also, the city has decided to put parking meters on most of the streets around and near Hermann Park. Fortunately for the parking situation, there is a Hermann Park light rail stop.Best park in Houston.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2010,7/31/2011,10,28,8,13,12>RIP Ray's Franks, but this is the next evolution in Houston punk rock encased meats.  Gourmet sausages on excellent pretzel rolls.  Dear Yelp people, do whatever you did for Ray's and keep this place around longer, its too good to fail.For foodie types, click on the link for the list of sausages.  Duck sausage with foie gras?  Venison red wine and blueberry? Pheasant with cognac?For the beer knurds?  A bunch of great microbrews and locals - abita, southern star, rio blanco, etc.  And for the everyone-else-types, $1 dollar draft lone stars.Food and drink aside, the set up here is awesome.  Its a tiny little taqueria on a HUGE empty grass lot littered with picnic tables and horseshoe pits.  There is a little basketball hoop but they put the grill under it so probably not used.Especially when the weather is this nice this place is perfect, like going to a picnic with the best sausages you can imagine.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,7/30/2011,239,166,11,7,9>If you're a PETA supporter, avert your eyes. When you first walk in, you're greeted by the delicious smell of dozens of roasted chickens rotating on a stick over some hot coals. This place serves one of the best roasted chickens in Houston. Lunch specials and family packs all are really cheap, and it comes with some great sides. Stick to the fried plantains and yucca (tastes like potato), and don't forget to drench the drier white meats in their spicy red and green sauces. Some of the workers here don't speak no Americano, so you might have to do some smiling and pointing to get your order, but don't let that stop you.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,7/29/2011,80,103,11,20,12>Remember EatZi's?? That mecca for prepared foods, located at Post Oak and San Felipe that vanished back in '06?? Man it was awesome.... In it's absence, non-cooks everywhere have been forced to purchase their pre-made salads, pastas, soups and sandwiches at either Whole Foods or Central Market... until next week!! Let me introduce you to Relish, a prepared foods shop which believes that "food should be uncomplicated, beautiful and something to be relished..." Everything is local, organic, hormone free, grassfed....all that good stuff that you can't get at McDonald's or almost anywhere else in town. It is opening next Monday smack dab in the heart of River Oaks, next to Ouisie's and Cotton Club... that's right RO/West U moms, get excited! So, I like to call myself healthy. Yes, I have the occasional 2 AM Whataburger-run on the weekend, but for the most part my goal is to eat healthy without compromising on taste.... this, as we all know can be a challenge. Packing 10 grams of fiber into a meal without it tasting like cardboard can be a daunting and sometimes impossible task. For example, I eat Uncle Ben's flax seed crap in the morning not because I like it, but because it's good for me. My point is that I am always looking for food that is nutritious but still feels indulgent. This is where Relish comes in. I was lucky enough to get an invite from a friend of a friend to their dry-run which was this week. It is a small shop that is simple and sleek... with prepared foods behind a glass case and local offerings like jams and peanut butter, stocking the shelves. It is a to-go shop but there is a bar which I was told will have barstools soon for those that would like to dine-in. The menu is a combination of inventive original offerings as well as classics with a twist...There was also no limit to what you could order so lets just say I had my fair share of offerings and leave it at that. As I waited for my food (which only took a minute or two) I was impressed wiht how knowledgeable the staff was... What I tried: Chicken Salad Sandwich - Wonderful... chunks of chicken with grapes making it a lighter CS than many BLT - pesto aioli makes this BLT taste unique--- the bacon actually has a crunch!! Relish Chopped Salad - the homemade dressing is to die for Caprese Salad- one of the best I have ever had Wild Rice salad with shrimp - DID NOT like but I'm not really a fan of wild rice or shrimp Farro Salad- My favorite dish. I will be eating this for many lunches and dinners to come. Pea and Pesto Pasta Salad - WOW. Relish Coleslaw - health meets indulgence. Sweet Pickles - just like my mama made Hummus - zesty with a hint of spice... maybe a little to much for me There are some kinks to work out but hey, Rome wasn't built in a day. All I know is that my stomach is full right now and I am a happy camper. When Relish opens it's doors on Monday, it will be a sandwich/soup/salad/pasta/local goods shop in the beginning... but Relish informed me they have big plans once they get their foot in the door. In conclusion I am thrilled that Relish is making it's debut. While other major cities such as NYC, LA and San Fran are familiar with this concept of farmers market meets restaurant, Houston is not.... until now! Relish ain't JUST for hot-dogs anymore!!
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,7/28/2011,151,656,11,11,9>I've heard everyone say the burgers here are awesome, but seriously, how awesome could a burger be? Lots of places have greasy burgers, but when in downtown, Et in the tunnels lets me pick all my favorite ingredients without having to pay extra. But let me tell you, Hubcap did not disappoint. And it's hard to describe why.I wanted the mushroom swiss burger (~$6), but I wanted the jalapenos, grilled onions, guacamole... but I wasn't about to pay for all the extras (around 50-75 cents each). Already sad. Okay, I'll just do the mushroom swiss. Lettuce, tomatoes, raw onions, and pickles are free. Sauces are simple: mayo or mustard. I opted for dry. I already knew I wanted the burger smothered in ketchup.The burger came out. Huge. The patty was greasy and salty. The bread was the perfect consistency. Thick enough to be able to withstand the juiciness of the patty, but not too dense. The mushrooms were coated with oregano for some extra flavor. Sweet potato fries (~$3) were pretty standard. If you're eating Hubcap at lunch during the work week, I strongly recommend sitting outside on their patio or getting it to-go. Ventilation indoors here ain't so hot, and it'll save you the embarrassment of going back to work smelling like a Chinese restaurant.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,7/27/2011,439,285,11,12,13>Do you love Japanese things?  How cute they are?  how efficient and tiny they are?   You will LOVE this place.  It reminds me of a convenience store in Japan :  lots of tiny, efficient things.As you might know, I'm a HUGE Pokemon fan!  They have the REAL Japanese Pokemon cards here, not to mention stickers, lucky cats and yummy snacks.  I can't read any of it -- does that matter?  HECK NO.  I recognize each and every one of those little pocket monsters :)Plus, Pocky, Gummi's and snacks!And if you need a sake set, come here.I love this place.  I spent 2 hours shopping here just walking around amazed by all this amazing stuff.Plus lots of cute Japanese girls who greet you as you arrive, as in a chorus in the store.  One chimes in, the rest tell you "Irasshaimase", which means Welcome to the store!  How cool is that?  (damn you Yelp for not recognizing Japanese characters!)  How un-international you are!They also have a complete set of Gundam model sets you can construct.I am in Japan heaven here!  Now if they had Giga Puddi, I'd die.  Seriously.Best store evar!
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,7/26/2011,687,439,10,12,11>If Karen S (yelp.com/biz/gatlins-bar) thinks this is a place of worship via her review, well I guess those picnic benches could pass for church pews because this place does elicit some sort of holy experience!Actually had the pleasure of dining right next to Karen S.  I mean how could I be so lucky to dine next to the one who Houstonians voted ROTD at the ROTD location?  I should have bought a lottery ticket yesterday... it was over $100 mil I believe.Back to the food, two meat plate: ribs and chopped brisket comes with two sides and two slices of bread.  For a lil bit like me, even if I am eating on the "church pews," well I get that mess to go.  Portion control!  Dirty rice and green beans were the options that I took for sides and it was an out of body experience.  I didn't see Jesus but I did feel my stomach talking to me to STOP eating!Sliced brisket and ribs.  On.  Point.  Sauce - on the tangalicious side if you're game for that.What really sets this joint aside is the people.  I really (I mean REALLY) like the people.  Friendly, personable, and what I would call just southern hospitality... if you passed that offering plate right about now, you would get the hello kitty'd out wallet and purse.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,7/25/2011,95,224,4,12,10>This years 2011 Summerfest was great. The crowd was even larger than last year and people went wild! I got a free tote, baseball hat, shorts, buttons, soyjoy bars, energy drinks etc. all these different tents were promoting their business/ products so Yey! for free stuff (got those on the first day around the first 2-3 hours of when the festival started).  They allow you to bring your own empty bottle and they have water refill stations to keep people from dehydrating especially in the super heat of 100 degree weather and full on sunlight. 1. So sunscreen is very important! 2. Small towel for individual or blanket for group to  sit/ lay on the hill is nice because the grass/dry mud really sticks on you especially when you become sweaty, but be prepared for it to get dirty!3. Keep hydrated! Bring your own bottle for refills!4. Bring some small bills of cash5. Wear comfortable clothing that you will feel like you can breath in because the more popular bands get bigger crowds = more body heat + SUN = Freaking Hot!!!!!!Attire for a good amount of girls were swimsuit tops with/without light shirt/ thank top and shorts. Guys wore swim trunks/shorts, with/without t-shirt. I saw one guy wearing jeans with cowboy boots and a button up t-shirt, I bet he was dying under that and he was the only person dressed like that from what I could see. He didn't get the post-it-note about Houston summer heat I suppose. Parking is not bad at all got into a lot nearby for $3 and it was an easy walk to the entrance. This years big closing band was Weezer. Excellent! :)Summerfest t-shirts went down to $10 each at the end of the night the 2nd day.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,7/24/2011,103,89,6,7,7>Chocolate fondant is by far my favorite flavor here. And they are always out.Take note Pacuigo: If it's a popular flavor, make more of it!They have an abundance of flavors that make me say "Meh!" so I've been leaving underwhelmed. They usually have a few interesting flavors - sea salt & caramel is delish, there's usually a floral one which is sometimes tasty, black pepper & olive oil not bad - but nothing blows me away like the fondant.They should always have fondant in stock in my opinion. Who's ever heard of an ice cream parlor running out of chocolate ice cream?
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2010,7/23/2011,447,558,7,11,9>I've had a few cakes made by Virginia in the past 10 years and all were excellent.  The first imitated a design from a Southern Living magazine and really looked exactly like the photos.  The fillings and the cake were delicious.  I don't even like icing, but I enjoyed her buttercream!  The more recent was a sculptured cake which was made to resemble a 1979 Ford Bronco.  It was adorable.  The cake really looked like the photos I submitted and the little details she added were great.  The fondant icing did not taste that good, but I think that's just the nature of fondant.  Fortunately, I also ordered a sheet cake and it was super tasty. Her price beat out the larger bakeries I called, too. I'm not a big fan of cake, but if I needed one, I would not hesitate to order from Virginia again.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,7/22/2011,154,362,5,14,9>I haven't written a review in a long while because school is taking over my life, but I felt the need to write a review today.  I've always loved Whole Foods.  I lived in Austin when they opened the flagship store at 6th and Lamar, and every time I'm in Austin, I always make a quick stop there just to browse.  Obsessed much?  Maybe.This store is no WF ATX, but it's nice for Houston.  I just wonder where all the people came from?  WF Kirby is only a couple miles away, and it's crowded at times, but not like this store.  I just hope the hype dies down.  I asked the guy at the coffee bar if they expect it to remain this packed, and he said the day after grand opening is always the slowest day, and today was definitely not slow, so it's a good indicator of how well the store will do.  Just a tip...11-1 is especially crazy because you have all the people walking over from AIG, and 5-7 will be crazy because of all the people grabbing dinner to-go.Having said that, I love that their prepared foods section is bigger than the Kirby location and offers more of a variety.  That's pretty much the only reason I go to Whole Foods...that and if I need something I can't find anywhere else.  I also looove the wine and beer bar (even though it was so packed yesterday I didn't get a chance to try.)  You can drink while shopping.  That's so genius!  I don't know if this applies to Houston, since this is the first WF in Houston with a beer and wine bar, but supposedly, the one in ATX is one of the best places to meet people.  Just FYI for all the single ladies. ;)
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,7/21/2011,159,62,15,12,12>"Oh baby that's a what I liiike!" - The Big BopperLike...love...who's counting? Ok I'm counting, counting on The Chocolate Bar to cure my sweet tooth when it gets to craving sweets. Ok, so Im in love. And I am not afraid to shout it in the streets to the world. I'll jump on Oprah's couch like Tom Cruise for this place! Ok, well maybe not that but you get it.So enough about my new main squeeze and a bit about the establishment itself. Plenty of tables and chairs to sit many, although it can fill up at times too. Same goes for parking up front, but there is plenty round' back on the streets too ya hearrrr. When you want chocolate this is the place to go. They have chocolate everything! Chocolate dipped oreos, twinkies, this, that, and other. Cakes galore are at your mercy behind the glass if you can dare decide on one. It's tough. Then you have the Ice cream, chocolate dipped strawberries and so much more.I had a gigantic slice of chocolate cake called 'Aunt Etta's', and it was so delicious and huge. Bigger than you can imagine and veddy veddy good. Check this place out and you just may see me there. Now you have 2 reasons to go. Ok, so let's hang up at the same time and go on three...ready...?1...2...3
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,7/20/2011,27,55,11,12,15>Writing a restaurant review for the House of Pies is like writing a book review for the Bible.  Regardless of how you feel about it, it's impossible to separate what it actually is from its historical context.I would first note that, like most of my collegiate brethren and sistren, I haven't really experienced the House of Pies during daylight.  I've grabbed lunch/dinner here a couple times, but it's kind of like going to IHOP and ordering the salad.  What's the point?No, where the House of Pies shines is in its late-night ambiance.  Filled with weirdos, night owls, creeps, perverts, Christians, and misfits, the House of Pies transforms itself from your standard mom-and-pop style diner to a 24-hour halfway house for the hungry.  It must be seen to be believed.The food is pretty much uniformly good. Sometimes the burgers come out a little burnt, and the vegetables are definitely Bird's Eye du jour, but that doesn't even matter.  The soups are always amazing.  The beverages are great (pro tip: some of the servers will let you order half hot cocoa, half coffee--DO IT).  And the pie--lord have mercy, the pie.  Half the wall space, it seems, is dominated by a list of the pies available, and each place mat is a similar list.  For your fruit pies, dutch apple is the bomb.  Strawberry rhubarb a la mode--also a good call.Their pumpkin and sweet potato pies are kind of incredible, and we haven't even gotten to the cheesecakes (strawberry is best) or the other sundry pies (like their most famous pie, the Bayou Goo).Service is usually good but it doesn't matter.  Sometimes things end up a little overcooked or come out a tad cold because they've been waiting to be brought out.  It doesn't matter.The House of Pies is like that super-hot girl who's kind of a jerk.  She's able to coast on her looks sometimes because she knows she's a knockout.  Doesn't stop her from being a 10.  And my friends, that's exactly what the House of Pies is.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,7/19/2011,274,156,12,13,10>Burt's Meat Market has BALLS! Boudin Balls that is. Hush puppy sized bites of boudin (pretty much Cajun dirty rice) battered in a spicy flour breading and deep fried. All the elements that will be making your cardiologist smile. When I was first introduced to this place over two decades ago, I came to try the boudin. So popular, it was served in sausage casing, spicy or not, smoked or not smoked, and without the casing in a cup. Back then, there was a whole shelf aisle dedicated to various saltine crackers that you could spread the boudin on. This was the perfect working man's meat market. After a couple of years away, I return to find plenty of boudin, Boudin Balls, and a full steam table of wonderful Cajun/Southern cooking including etouffee, beef tips, greens, and other steam table standards. The ever-present banana pudding can be found in a cooler. Burt's is also a full meat market with all your "butchery" needs, but with a great selection of andouille sausage, tasso and other Cajun influenced meats. And DUH, it is in the Hood (on Lyons on the I-10, East of I-45). Where else would a great place like this spring up and thrive except in area that appreciates good Southern cooking? My Tip: Try the Batter Fried Bacon Wrapped Jalapenos and call your doctor (better yet, share them with her)!My Tip x 2:  This place is takeaway only (or prepare to eat in your car).
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,7/18/2011,57,118,7,14,11>I'm not quite sure about the lackluster reviews, but this place gets a solid, I cannot think of anything I did not like on my first visit, 5 star review. Showed up around 8ish on Tuesday night, both starving, both tired and both cranky. It was the night that I got to break passover, so I was very much looking forward to fluffy naan, cold beer and whatever other nfp (not for passover for the non-Jews out there)  delicacies I wanted to eat. We were given a table immediately and on the way there, we passed by the pastry case. I noticed that they had oatmeal, chocolate chip chili cookies, and my heart knew that its dessert choice had been settled (I had been craving chocolate chip cookies for about 3 days). Our server was Josh, and he had an awesome sense of humor and was willing to chat and joke with us, which we both enjoyed thoroughly. Pondicheri has an awesome on tap and in the bottle beer selection that is comprised of mostly local and wholly craft beers -- the dinner companion, beer snob to the core, was thoroughly impressed. The samosa of the day was a beef samosa and I don't eat red meat, so instead, we split the street food appetizer (I just looked online and its not listed on the menu and I don't remember the name). Basically these were tiny puff pastry shells that you could crack open and fill with a number of things: potatoes, lentils, cilantro sauce, tamarind water, yogurt, and another sauce too. Our server, who I already mentioned I enjoyed, referred to this as the Disneyland of appetizers, which it kind of was. We both had fun trying different combos and things (although I mostly stuck to trying to cram as much as I could into the tiny little pastry shell). Now, on to the entrees, Pondicheri did TWO things I like about entree selection: 1) they have Thalis which are like assortment plates that feature a tasting menu of their entrees and 2) they also do small and large portion sizes of their vegetable entrees, so there are multiple ways for you to try more than one thing. We ordered a Rancher Thali (him) and I decided against the veggie Thali because I knew what  veggies I wanted to try and you can't pick what goes in your Thali and I was worried about not getting what I wanted (whatever Karen wants... Karen gets... and Eggplant Bhartha, Karen wanted you!).  I ordered the Bhartha, Spicy greens and naan. It was all really good! The greens were not as spicy as advertised, but they were definitely well cooked and enjoyable. The bhartha was exactly what I wanted, and it was nice and spicy. Dinner companion stole some of my naan because he wasn't nuts about the bread that came with his Thali. I did get to try a bite of his lamb curry that was really good, and he finished everything they gave him (and was very excited to get a beef samosa in his Thali). For dessert we got the cookie plate, the aforementioned oatmeal chocolate chip chili cookie, a mint chocolate chip cookie and a peanut butter elephant (shaped like not including) cookie. The oatmeal chocolate chip filled my craving and then some. The chili was not overpowering at all, but just a nice little aftertaste. I was kind enough to share a bite or two, but that cookie was mine and it was worth fighting for. The chocolate chip mint did not do much for me, the mint in the cookie was fresh, which was cool, but it also gave the cookie a weird green cast to it. I'm not a huge mint and chocolate person either, but dinner companion loved it. We each tried the peanut butter, which was okay but by the time we got there, we were so full. I loved this meal, if you couldn't tell and I will definitely come back to Pondicheri (and am looking forward to trying Indika some time soon too!)
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2011,7/17/2011,364,610,11,11,6>Oh Downtown Tunnel Loop, you have saved me.  You have saved me on the hot and sweltering Houston summer day when I had to walk across the Downtown district to meet a friend. You have saved me on the rainy days when I needed lunch but didn't want to eat my soggy sandwich from the day before.  You have saved me on the cold and blustery day when I didn't have a heavy coat and needed to get to my husband's work to end the day and go home.  You saved me when I needed to buy my friend a nice gift for her birthday but forgot to bring the one I had at home.  I love you Downtown Tunnel Loop, you are my friend.As you can see, the Downtown Tunnel Loop has saved my hinney a number of times.  It also has just come in handy for taking a walk as a break from a stressful job.  The loop connects a number of spur tunnels and can be used to traverse the downtown district from corner to corner.  I have been able to take it from Lamar and Dallas to Wortham Center.  Quite a hike above ground, in the heat.  The shops lining the tunnel are varied and useful.  There are the ubiquitous eateries, like McDonalds, Alonti, Ninfa's, Droubi's, Subway, Beck's Prime.  There are also optometrists, convenience stores, florists, gift shops, just about anything you might want or need.  For the downtown workers, the loop is a great place to go for lunch and meet friends or run a few errands.  For those not jaded by the downtown experience, the loop and spur tunnels can be fun, futuristic adventure.  Heck, put on a costume and do some LARP.  You might have fun and make some jaded downtown toilers happy.
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,7/16/2011,78,311,9,9,7>Only visited this place for the first time, so this may not be indicative of how this place normally is.  Having said that, it is true that this place is crawling with bearded hipsters, but I will take bearded hipsters over Affliction wearing douche bags any day.  Do Affliction wearing douche bags even go to coffee shops, you ask? They do at a certain Starbucks that's open 24 hours(see other review).Anyway, this place does have cute artsy girls too so the scenery isn't all bad. Oh wait, you probably want to know about the service and the coffee. Coffee does very bad things to me so I am a tea drinker and to my surprise the very nice barista asked me whether I wanted to drink my tea here or to go. I didn't know I had a choice!  Also to my surprise, that tea was freshly brewed in a kettle as in REAL tea leaves and not the tea shavings you see in the usual tea bags.Unfortunately, this place is a little out of my way so I can't be a regular but it seems to be a relaxed atmosphere where they leave you alone so you can study without being stared down like a lot of other mom and pop coffee shops who give you the bums rush if it's been more than 20 minutes since your last order.    It really did feel like an Austin Coffee Shop in that way. Of course, you're a jerk if you just buy one cup of coffee and stay there all day, but one reason I like Starbucks (except the one with the douche bags) is they welcome sitting and taking your time and a lot of mom and pop shops don't.  It's good to see, this place has desks and haven't covered up their plugs *I'm looking at you, that place on Washington Ave with the name that starts with cat*.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,7/15/2011,124,267,10,15,11>Don't blow off reading this review.  What restaurant can you go to and find the most expensive entree at $6.25?  Well here at Pho Saigon that's their most expensive priced entrees. The owner here cares about the quality of the food he serves. He only uses Free Roaming Chickens and the beef Pho is simmered for hours with a yummy broth low in sodium. They have a vegetarian spring roll and a fried tofu dish for the vegetarians also. They offer your typical Vietnamese menu but with more diverse egg noodle and rice noodle options. Very delicious and really good quality. I could be a regular here if I lived close by. Prices are great: some examples 1 Roll $1.20 2 Rolls $2.20 Small Pho soup $4.75 Large Pho soup $5.75 Children's Pho    $2.95They have 8 locations in the Houston area.  I left feeling that I had eaten healthy food. Only con is I could have had a little more eye round. I'm a big time carnivore.
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2010,7/14/2011,92,206,5,9,7>Cool little Gastro-Lounge next door to Nox. I assume the "gastro" means they have some kind of food, but I got there too late to try anything except the booze. Paid $10 to park across the street. Nice, modern decor and a spacious (co-ed) restroom area. Crowd was nicely mixed on Wednesday night when I arrived. However; by midnight it turned into a younger Asian crowd. Not a problem for me, I actually saw some people I knew. But just an FYI, some of my older (mid 30's) friends felt a bit out of place. Our waitress was new and did a decent job (for a brand new waitress). I like that they have Stella on tap, and plus one star for the DJ! I'm a (picky) house music fan, and somebody kept spinning the hottest remixes all night long. I wish I would have gotten the Dj's name, because homedude had excellent taste in music.  Overall a decent spot, I shall return.
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2010,7/13/2011,73,202,5,11,11>I ended up at the Alamo Drafthouse one night at the suggestion of a friend who wanted to see "Blood into Wine" (a documentary about the lead singer from Tool who started a winery in AZ). Clearly, the downside (for an avowed inner-looper like me, anyways) to Alamo Drafthouse is the location since it is way the hell out there on Highway 6 in a sprawling suburban mall.Once you deal with the fact that a lengthy drive is involved, you can start to have some fun. We bought our tickets in advance to ensure that we'd get a seat (I think there is a $2 charge for advance booking) but you can also buy tickets at the door. I love the fact that Alamo Drafthouse offers beer, wine and daiquiris to enjoy while watching the movie. I got a decent bottle of Sauvignon Blanc from NZ from the bar which they placed in an iced wine bucket and gave me 2 wineglasses. It cost $20 which seemed less than if I had bought it at a restaurant. I didn't realize it at the time but there is also waiter service in the theater and they come by your chair regularly to see if you want to order anything. We didn't order food but Alamo Drafthouse has a surprisingly extensive menu featuring spinach-artichoke dip, potato skins, salads, sandwiches, pizzas and quesadillas which are for consumption on the counter right in front of your plush theater chair. However, as other reviewers have noted, it can be tricky to eat such things in the dark which probably explains the popularity of popcorn.Alamo Drafthouse has stadium-style seating (read: roomy and comfortable) and best of all, a big sign that flashes on the screen at the outset which makes it clear that talking, ringing cell phones and general patron noise will not be tolerated. Huge thumbs up on that. I thought it was a great experience overall and look forward to returning!
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2011,7/12/2011,419,749,7,14,11>My job had given me the whole of New Year's Eve off, so what are two adults to do on an overcast afternoon?  Why, go to the zoo, of course!  I was really glad my boyfriend suggested this as our holiday outing, because even sans children there is plenty to see in this city treasure.The $12 adult admission price is kind of steep (I will give the zoo props for not charging for parking), but there are several available discounts to take the sting out of a ticket.  If you're a Houston-area college student, senior or military member, you get in for a reduced rate.  Depending on the agreement the zoo has with the college you attend, you could get in for free.  Another way to see the zoo for less dinero is to go after 2pm on the first Tuesday of the month.  Admission is completely free during these times.  If you have a family you may consider investing in a membership, as if you go just a handful of times during the year your membership will pay for itself.  My family had one for several years growing up.However, this isn't the same zoo that I visited as a child.  Though many of the exhibits are the same, many have been spruced up with new additions to the enclosures or new habitats altogether.  On the day that we visited, the zoo was a hive of activity.  "Meet the Keeper" talks were posted on a board near the entrance, as well as announced ten minutes in advance over loudspeakers throughout the zoo.  The new "Natural Encounters" building was one of our favorites, entering the rotation of indoor habitats such as the bird and reptile houses as well as the aquarium.  Perennial favorites include the sea lions, big cats and flamingos.I do have to say that the highly-touted new African Forest exhibit was disappointing at best.  When you walk in, you're instructed to watch a video to help you make sense of the exhibit, since it's sort of an interactive adventure.  I easily possess the ability to revert back to being eight years old, so I was interested in helping to solve the mystery detailed in the short film.  However, it seems like halfway through the designers forgot about the plot or got tired because I had a hard time following the storyline.  We sauntered up a path to a cave, only to find it led to a locked door.  The giraffes had supposedly been moved to this section of the zoo, yet we didn't see them anywhere.  I walked out feeling like it was just not ready for primetime.  Hopefully they can work the kinks out, because there are some really cool features to this exhibit--including a faux-termite mound full of peanut butter and rice cereal in the chimpanzee enclosure.There's so much to visit at the zoo, our bodies tired out before our minds did.  As animal lovers, we both had a really great time being able to get up close and personal with these lovely creatures, and we left planning out our next visit.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2011,7/11/2011,172,149,7,8,8>Pardon my exaggeration but this may be the best food in Pearland.  I've got to give nod to Michael P. for this because I read his review before trying it and was highly skeptical.  After eating what felt like 5 pounds of food yesterday, taking a 3 hour where-the-hell-am-i nap due to a severe case of The Itis, and recovering last night by drinking lots and lots of water and thinking about ribs, I'm now able to both comment on our trip AND confirm his assertion that this is, indeed, the best damned food in Pearland.  As a native Midwesterner, I was spoiled for 24 years with KC barbeque literally all around me.  As anyone who is way into bbq can tell you, all of the different styles are REAL different, and it took us a while to accept that Texas bbq usually doesn't involve much pork (god we miss pulled pork), and is HEAVY on the beef (I now love brisket even though I was totally underwhelmed with it when we came).  This place has obviously got some roots in both as it serves proper pork ribs, pork loin, pulled pork (and it was as close to what we used to have back home as anything we've had...though Rudy's is a close second).  But it also has brutal brisket and chopped beef.  In addition, the side dishes here are out of control good...we have tried deviled eggs (not quite as good as grandma's but damned near), new potatoes (think baked potato with every bad-for-you topping on top), broccoli cheese rice (omg just order two of these), potato salad (real mustardy but if you're into that, it'll rock your world), and the jalapeno cornbread (they give you like half a loaf so be ready).We made the mistake of assuming that "lunch special" meant a lighter load, small portion, taster kind of thing.  Instead, for 10 dollars I got a half rack of ribs (sweet tender christ these are good), a BOWL of potato salad, a BOWL of broccoli cheese rice, a slice of pecan pie, a deviled egg, and the largest styrofoam cup of iced tea i've ever seen.  Again, this is the "lunch special".  God help you if you order something larger.  As a shameless garbage-disposal-esque 20 something 6 foot male, I can shut down some food and even I had to take the pie home (I ate it immediately after coming out of my self-induced meat coma.Eat here, seriously.  And don't be one of those people that sees the line and gets all nervous and heads to Chili's instead.  The line moves fast, theres a bajillion tables to sit at, and your mouth will thank you when you start eating.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2010,7/10/2011,29,177,3,11,7>It is official.  I *heart* Danton's!!!Came here for lunch on Sat. and ordered the Gulf Coast Dinner with a full order of Scallops.  I chose the okra & tomatoes and Daddy Pete's coleslaw for my 2 sides.Now, I chose the 2 sides deliberately, as I don't really care for either and thought they would have to be pretty spectacular to stand alone as a side dish.They were both EXCELLENT.  Absolutely wonderful as were my scallops!!!  :-DTo finish out my gluttony, I opted for one of the dessert specials for the day, a sweet potato crème brulee.When it was brought to me, all I saw was a thick brown crust of sugary deliciousness and I was so excited to break it (literally) that I totally forgot to take a pic of it.It was fabulous.  Wonderful.  (This is actually saying a lot, as I am very picky & critical of desserts--especially at a restaurant).To sum everything up:Danton's = Official Seafood Spot.
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,7/9/2011,273,77,5,12,11>Want to escape Houston for a little bit without really escaping it?  Whenever I get sick and fed up with the concrete jungle that is Houston, I make sure I take myself to places full of greenery such as parks and eateries with lovely gardens.  Tiny Boxwood's gets 5 stars from me because the food is good and the atmosphere and surroundings are even better!  I mean let's get real, where else can you sit outside and not have parked cars in your line of vision for once, that's right very few places in this city...The bottomless mimosas are killer at only $10 and made with FRESH squeezed OJ, yum yum!  My two favorites are the grilled cheese sandwich  with pesto and a side of fancy homemade marinara sauce for dunking.  The ingredients are all high quality at this place and that's what makes everything taste so fresh and so good!  Another thing I really like is the option of a side of fruit salad and they give you the creme de la creme of fruits: strawberries, blueberries, granny smith apple slices, etc.  I always hate the usual side fruits salads of melon and more melon...This restaurant is owned by a design firm and it obviously shows.  It's perfect place for hosting a bridal shower/engagement party/rehearsal dinner!
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,7/8/2011,255,355,14,14,13>(I've been back in Houston for a while now and though I've frequented many review-worthy places since, I come out of my Yelp hiatus to review Graustark Laundry.)You know how George Costanza decides to have a "summer of George" and lounges around in his boxers eating a block of cheese? Every weekend, that's me. (Well, save for the boxers. Girls don't wear boxers.) But the idea, people! Sitting around, eating cheese in dirty apartment, etc. But alas, one cannot have a summer of George every day. One has to go to work. Pay bills. DO LAUNDRY (ugh) This is where GL comes in. They make doing such a tedious, boring task pleasant. For one, they are dog friendly! Bringing the dog lessens my boredom as he provides something to boss around while I de-stinkify my clothes.The machines are reliable and since we go early Sunday mornings, there's never a wait for the dryers. Also, it's nice and cool inside. In short, GL is everything I would want my local laundromat to be.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,7/7/2011,408,480,7,9,10>What a lovely evening spent at Lucio's...My last words as I walked out of the restaurant..."ooOo that was the best tasting pork chop I've ever eaten..."After finding out Andalucia was closed for a private event, my boyfriend and I had to come up with backup plan. We haven't gone out for dinner in a while and he wanted a nice sit down restaurant. I had Lucio's bookmarked for the longest time and remembered Farrah writing a noteworthy review about this place so.... to Lucio's we went! (Thanks Farrah!) We made a stop over at Spec's in downtown for my favorite bottle of cabernet wine and rushed over to Lucio's for dinner. We were quickly seated and were told they just ran out of the featured item and scallops. :( I really wanted scallops so I went for choice #2, pork chops. Result: Very satisfied with the taste, service, intimate setting.I'm coming back for sure.... and bringing 2 bottles. :)+Beef carpaccio +Pork chops (I couldn't get enough of that SAUCE)+Lamb rack (crisp first bite as you ease into the juuuuicyness of the lamb meat... freaking delicioso)
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,7/6/2011,267,368,11,8,8>Welcome to the Vegas of the south...where we gamble with human lives. Okay, that was tacky...but seriously, the medical center is just like the Vegas strip. Tons of options for your hospital stay, some of the best doctors in the world, and the entrance and exit to each and every hospital is just as tricky.I have dropped my wife off at the medical center for years and still have yet to figure everything out. However, if I were to get sick in any city in the world, there is no better place than Houston at the Texas Medical Center!!!
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,7/5/2011,90,126,7,7,8>I've always been wary of anything *-Mart, (Wal, K, Quik-E, etc).  So when I say that I was quite surprised by Super H mart is an understatement. The place has that typical parking nightmare situation seen at other heavily asian food marts.  However, things seem a little different when you step inside.  The first thing I noticed about the place was that there was no distinct smell that I'm used to in other Asian groceries.  A bakery and various fast food vendors are on the right side of the store as you enter the building.  They also have various Kimchi  and dried seafood for sale toward the back of the store.  Since I was learning how to cook bulgogi (Korean barbeque),  I ended up buying a big bagful kimchi and soy bean sprouts for side dishes.  So yes, I am a fan of Super H Mart but would like to see how it compares to a regular H mart:D
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,7/4/2011,393,766,6,10,7>Wow, I can't believe it took me so long to finally eat here! In my defense, we kept coming when they were closed (though now they're open for lunch).  Now that I've finally eaten here, I can start converting the rest of Houston that has still not been lucky enough to dine at this amazing restaurant. We came here for the hub's birthday.  We generally try to go to a nice restaurant that we've never been to before so this was an obvious choice. They're not on Open Table, but I called and made a reservation quickly and without a hassle even though it was less than a week's notice and we wanted to eat there two days before Christmas. We valeted our car (it is complimentary and there's nowhere else to really consider) and walked up to the cute house. We saw the specials up on the board right when we walked in and they (surprisingly) had prices listed, which I appreciated. We were seated pretty promptly, but I was disappointed to find out they'd already given our original table away. While this wouldn't have been an issue normally, once we saw how much better that waitress was than who we got, I was saddened. The only negative points of the night (and the reason I almost gave them four stars) was due to our waitress. Not only did we wait over fifteen minutes just to be greeted after we were seated, she was completely vacant and barely perfunctory throughout the night. While waiting tables isn't maybe everyone's dream job, her attitude put a huge damper on the evening.  She really didn't know how to "sell" the food and we ended up just eavesdropping on the other waitress to learn more about the dishes.  For our appetizer, we had the charcuterie since we knew they cured their own meats and used local cheeses.  (I wanted to do the deviled bones--the couple next to us couldn't stop raving!)  All of the meats and cheese were spot on delicious.  My only complaint about it was the teeny portion size which would be normal anywhere else in the world besides Texas.  I've been in this state too long, I suppose, but I'm used to charcuterie plates having more on them.For my meal, I went with the pork belly.  I'd heard that this was the best in town and I had to compare it to Catalan.  It was a really, really, really close call, but I still love Catalan's better, though this was still amazing and perfectly cooked.  I love the ratio of the rock hard portion to the melt-in-your-mouth softness.  I can see why everyone raves about it.The hubs did the braised lamb shank and it was amazing.  The meat was incredibly tender and well seasoned--and this is coming from someone who doesn't love lamb!  While it may not be the most adventurous thing on the menu, it was a solid hit.For dessert we just did a nice dessert wine which was fabulous.  To be quite honest, my entire experience really warranted four stars due to the poor service from our waitress, but the food was so good that I'm willing to be a bit more generous than usual.  Plus, I could see that the other waitstaff around were much more competent so I can't really write that off as a restaurant flaw as a whole--she just needs an attitude adjustment before seeing customers.  Nevertheless, if you like food, I'd recommend coming here regardless of what kind of service you encounter--it is just that good.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2010,7/3/2011,3161,3020,9,14,13>This is a weird review but let me preface:I had their food via their NEW MOBILE TRUCK!  It was Les Givral's and this is the closest location and the owner, person running the mobile truck, was telling me about their new location via Washington that they get their food pictures and food from, thus reviewing this location.You could see the taco truck body, dipped Vietnamese goodness.  She told me this was a last minute decision via the city to help provide food and drinks for a festival downtown.I was on my way to watch Russell Peters at Verizon Wireless Theater and we were running late but starving!  We knew we could not get a sit down dinner in less than an hr so I smell this wonderful aroma coming from the middle of the square.  I could tell there was music and dancing but in the distance I saw a "got banh mi?" sign in the distance and my eyes grew bigger!I came up to the mobile food stand and saw they had combo sandwiches, bbq pork sandwiches, spring rolls, egg rolls, pot stickers, and a few other items, including drinks.  So sure enough I had one of everything!It was only 20 bucks to stuff my gf and I.  She loved her combo sandwich and I enjoyed my BBQ pork sandwich.  For a mobile truck the bread was toasted perfectly.  The egg rolls were just like my grandma makes, the pot stickers were awesome and a great value too.  The only let down was the spring roll.Overall, I hope to see this mobile food truck more often as this blows the whole mobile food scene out of the water!
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2010,7/2/2011,77,240,11,10,11>For $25 you get a very thorough mani pedi, no frills, but I just wanted to have my nails done and did not want or need to bond with the person doing them. They run this place like a conveyor belt, you are greeted, seated and both feet and hands are worked on simultaneously. This is a huge plus for me as I don't like having my big toe nails touched and can concentrate on my manicure instead of wincing every time they pick up a nail file. Despite the lack of chat the two young ladies who transformed me from 'welder with a job digging ditches on the weekends', to party ready status, were very pleasant.
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2010,7/1/2011,2,225,3,11,10>Great crepes, great neighborhood conversation. This is what city living is all about: meeting the locals at a local spot for local food. The filling options are always changing and always fresh. I went with apple brown betty topped with bourbon whip. The bourbon in the whip might have been rather subtle, but the apples were firm and very tasty without being overly sweet. I really, really dislike mushy apples, so this was brilliant. Sean is a great guy and works very hard (and fast) to keep everyone happy. He's honest when there's a long line about the time involved. I'm glad he doesn't try to run two griddles at the same time. I could easily see quality dropping quickly while trying to keep them 180 degrees out of phase, even though that would move business along faster during rush times. Be sure to follow his twitter feed ( @melangecreperie ) if you're making a trip, as time of opening can be a bit flexible depending on weather. This past Saturday he didn't arrive until 11:15.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2011,6/30/2011,116,293,2,14,10>A bar... and a dog park? In Houston? Finally!! In the past, we were never sure if we can bring our dogs to a certain bar. Well, uncertainty no more! This bar caters to both drinkers and their four-legged companions! And it doesn't hurt that they have a pretty good drink selection as well.It's come to light recently that having dogs at food establishments in Houston is against city ordinance. So why are they allowed at Boneyard? Because Boneyard doesn't serve food, only drinks. However, if you happen to visit and you're hungry, there's usually a food truck nearby. And in one instance, I brought food from outside and they didn't care. There are about 5 picnic tables along the back deck and probably another 5 in the dog park area. If you don't want to be bothered by the dogs, there's another seating area in the front deck but it's not well shaded in the afternoon. Indoor area is not very big. Dogs are allowed to hangout inside.The dog park itself is a decent size. There's a water/ drink station in the corner, a poop bag station in the middle of the park and trash cans all over. They even have a few dog toys and tennis balls around. Note to small dog owners, the park is not separated between big dogs and small dogs, it's all one.On-site parking is very limited but we noticed several patrons parking at the credit union next door.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2011,6/29/2011,155,315,19,22,17>Several years ago, I thought that Lindsay Lohan was a crazy ho for taking pole dancing classes (well, that and other things). I'm now taking a pole dancing class at PolelaTeaz, so I guess that makes me the crazy ho. It started a few years ago, when I lived in New York. Crunch, the gym I was a member of, had open-level pole dancing classes, and I'd wander in wearing a t-shirt and shorts. Some girls seemed super-intense, with their booty shorts, high-high heels, and enthusiasm for scampering up a pole as if ice cream was being dangled from the ceiling. This hyper-intensity, combined with the cognitive dissonance of it all ("I think this could be considered frivolous and demeaning, yet this is a lot of fun...") meant that I only made it out to a few classes. I couldn't swing myself around a pole, as I'd imagine myself swinging my nose straight into that pole, and I've been told my nose is pleasing for the third dimension it adds to my face. The only thing I really learned was how to flip my legs up over the pole and slide down.Funnily enough, in PolelaTeaz's Level 1, there are no inversions (flipping upside down), which get covered in Level 3. The focus is on spins, which you walk into, then swing around the pole with both legs off the ground, holding on to the pole with one or both hands. Spins include the fireman (one leg in front of the pole, the other behind), the chair (both legs to the side of the pole, ankles crossed), the sunwheel (one leg hooked around, the other bent behind), and the one where you fall back (walking forward, then falling backwards, landing on your knees--ow). When introducing a move, the instructor demonstrates it, then breaks it down. It's sad, but, in waiting till I got to Level 2 to post this review, I went from rocking the spins to sucking at the new spins. In level 2, sideways spins are introduced (spinning around the pole with your body parallel to the floor) as is climbing. For the former, I blame my tendency to tilt (4 o'clock--time for afternoon tea!) on my height and decent-but-not-of-sandbag-proportions chest. Okay, that is a falsehood, as the instructor, Chloe is also short and has no issues (sidenote: she has an awesome tush; I have to mention this, as I've been desirous of a badonkadonk before Kim Kardashian hit the scene, and I'm in awe of how a white girl can have a booty). As for the climbing, it hurts, especially holding a position and sliding down. If your hands have a tendency to sweat at the thought of pain, it's problematic. Supposedly, you get used to the hurting. Pole dancing does require some upper body strength and it can strain your shoulders. I have a wonky right shoulder from playing rugby my last year of college, and I could feel it after a few (attempts at) sideways spins and climbs.Each class starts with some stretching, which is somehow done sensually; abwork, also not your typical ab moves; and stretching on the pole. In Level 1, we'd then move on to pole laps. There'd be no spins, just the class walking in turns to each pole in the row (two roles, 4-5 each row) and working on transitions (aka "working the pole" aka "doing whatever you think might seem sexy using the pole, but does not necessarily translate outside of your head"). Towards the end of Level 1, rather than do pole laps, we'd do circuits, which entailed the instructor demonstrating a move we'd learned, then each person in each group doing the move in turn. After that, we learn a new move and/or practice old moves. Then, we learn part of the routine we're working on for the session.PolelaTeaz is in a somewhat weird location. It's in the same strip mall as One2One Training Center, but you have to drive to the left to the back, park across the street, then enter through the back. It has other classes, including Open Pole (free with your session; you usually have to share a pole, but there are instructors to give you feedback), Freaky Floorwork, Jiggle It (it being your booty), and others. It also has workshops, including Jiggle It, Pole Dance, Chair Dance, and Lap Dance (with the exception of the first, they're themed). I actually have a Groupon for two workshops, though I've held off on using it, as I think back to the lap dancing class I took in San Francisco. In my head, lap dancing is a Life Skill, but I never got to use it, for lack of a suitable partner. If you see me trawling the streets in a few months, now you'll know why. It'd be because my Groupon's about to expire. From time-to-time, to deal with the cognitive dissonance, I have to do a little check. Is pole dancing class something to seem more desirable to the opposite sex? No, it's a lot of fun spinning through the air and letting that sensual side come out without having it be for someone in particular. Besides, the screeching as your thighs go down the pole? Not sexy at all.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2011,6/28/2011,63,98,7,7,7>A talk thread recently popped onto my computer screen discussing hot dogs (yelp.com/topic/houston-b) and it implanted the thought of Vienna beef hot dogs deep in my brain. This thought came in and out of my stream of conscious at least 100 times a day over the next five or so days. It taunted me with the fact that Houston was a wasteland in regards to hotdogness and Vienna Beefs were tantalizing out of reach. I used to live in Chicago and I lived five or so blocks from the Vienna Beef Factory and walking distance to no fewer than three quality Chicago style hot dog stands. Since moving to Houston, I have put the idea of having a real hot dog out of my head similar to what I had to do with Mexican food while in Chicago. But then like a miracle Seth mentioned on the talk thread that Chicago Italian Beef has Chicago style hot dogs using, you guessed it, Vienna Beef! To find out that a place so close to my Houston home was harboring the beefy goodness was almost too much to handle. What the hell had I been doing for the last five years? So I went with a few friends and ordered my dog. It was a poppy-seed-bunned-pickle-speared-mustardy-beefy slice of heaven. It was fabulous! The service was excellent. The whole staff was quick and friendly. We also got to hear some live music while enjoying our meals (Friday and Saturday nights). The only reason I am not quite ready to give Chicago Italian Beef five stars is that they use the "regular" sized hot dogs versus the jumbo. Petty, gluttonous, I know, but it would take it to another level.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,6/27/2011,100,190,9,14,9>I came to Car Spa for a quick oil change before taking a trip out of town. I normally go to another lube place but since my car was coated with pollen, I thought the free exterior car wash might be worth taking advantage of. No one tried to sell me anything but they did go over the options with me.I opted for the basic oil change and free exterior wash and was out in less than 45 minutes with a clean shiny car.FYI -- You pay for the services when you're car is ready as opposed to paying beforehand as some of the other car wash/service centers have you do. I only mention this because I stood in line for 10 minutes only to be told that I didn't need to pay yet. Oops.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2011,6/26/2011,256,89,7,12,10>This review is for their fajitas alone. They are my absolute favorite! I just wish they served you more for the price. When I'm in the mood for fajitas there is no other restaurant that satisfies my craving like Lupe does,not even home cooked ones by my parents, and that says a lot.  (I hope they don't read this, eeek!) Their beef is so tender and juicy, and that slight lime flavor...YUM!  I couldn't decide on which location to write the review under, since I have been to all of them it seems, but I have been to this one the most. I also like the setting and layout of all their restaurants, so eclectic and colorful. Aaahh, I'm hungry now!
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,6/25/2011,320,247,6,14,8>Lunch was fabulous and full of variety!  I am not sure if it usually works this way, but as you walk in, there is a sign for you to seat yourself.  This is great, considering that it is lunch and we don't waste our time having to wait for a hostess.My hub and I arrived after the lunch crowd so it wasn't as packed.  We decided to sit on the Conveyor Bar just to see what this conveyor belt thingymabob was all about.I have seen on television where other places do not cover their sushi because they want people to be able to see the dishes that come out.  At Convey Sushi, the dishes are covered with a clear plastic cover where you can still make out what the dish is and not sneeze, cough, or talk into the dish.  Can you imagine how many germs will go through your sushi if you were to be the one at the end of the conveyor belt!??Thank goodness for the covers!!On with the food.....the dishes that come out are ALL only $3.  Some dishes are on different color plates, and I assumed it was for the different pricing, but as our bill came out, everything on the belt was $3.  You've got your cali roll, spider roll, philly roll, salmon, tuna, crunchy roll, eel roll and a few others that I didn't try.  There were also dishes of fried rice, udon with chicken, gyoza dumpling, spring rolls and veggie dumplings that were on the belt.  My hun and I grabbed most of the sushi rolls and none of the rice or noodle dishes because I ordered a bento box.  I was really impressed with their bento box because it came with so much.  I ordered the beef teriyaki and it came with steamed rice, big green salad, miso soup with shitake mushrooms, tempura broccoli, mushrooms, sweet potato and a shrimp tempura.  Oh, it also came with 2 pork gyoza dumplings...all for 12 dollars.  I couldn't get over it.  Some places have bento boxes that don't even offer half as much as this place.I enjoyed my experience at Convey and I will definitely return.  I am really giving this place 4.5 stars.  They are not a full 5 star place yet because the tables and some of the bar area was not clean.  It looked a tad neglected.The owner came by a few times and chatted it up with us.  Homie was super cool, young and hip.  I look forward to supporting his restaurant.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,6/24/2011,38,48,24,17,14>Look, they don't call me "Cubicle Ninja" because I run around the forest flipping off trees and generally being athletic.  No, they call me "Cubicle Ninja" because I sit in my cubicle all day trying to be invisible.  Which, let me tell you, does wonders for your waist line.Anyway, between the sedentary lifestyle and all the --ahem-- "research" I have to do to bring you all these Yelp reviews, I'd put on a teensy bit of weight.  Or, as my gf put it as I lay on the sofa watching TV,  "You look like a beached whale....A fat one."  Cue CrossFit Strom.  This place is like a hidden training ground for modern day ninjas.  Everyone here can out run, out lift, and out have-an-awesomer-ass than you.  In true ninja fashion, it is hidden away, housed in a little warehouse on a couple of back streets.  Unlike your normal rat race gyms, which are filled with hamster wheels (treadmills) and fake bicycles, at CFS you'll find only dumbells, kettle weights, barbells, jump ropes, medicine balls, and assorted other heavy objects -- like giant boulders.  Seriously.  Concrete boulders.  But these are just the accessories.  The real machine of torture is your fat, weak body.  And if you don't think you're weak now, you will once you see a girl half your size blow past you wearing a vest weighted with 50lbs of iron bars, then dead lift your max with one hand.My first day, one of the trainers said to me, "Hey, just try it out.  If you don't like it, cool.  CrossFit is not for everyone."  At the time I thought what he was REALLY saying was "CrossFit is not for the weak."  But after 3 weeks now, I must admit I was wrong.  CrossFit is perfect for the weak.  It will break you down and make you strong of body and mind.  It will challenge all your limits and make you realize how low a bar you've always set for yourself physically and mentally.Come try it out.  The first week is FREE.  Everyone at the gym is amazingly nice and encouraging.  The trainers are knowledgeable, accessible, and take the time to know everyone personally.  My only advice is this:  leave your ego at the door and buy a crap ton of Icy Hot, because the first week is a brutal initiation into the world of the strong.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2011,6/23/2011,2219,1117,11,8,10>Engorgio! No, that wasn't one of my suave Harry Potter pick up lines I drop at the bar. This is engorgio of two distinct characteristics: [1] the spell that turns an ordinary burger into the massive and amazing Grim Burger and [2] my waist size after eating this burger, and how many more of them I will be eating on subsequent repeat visits seeing as I am now a big (hehe) fan of Lankford Grocery & Market as well as the Grim Burger.Finding this place is a bit tricky. I missed it the first time, even with the nav yelling at me, because I was trying to figure out what the "F" in F Bar stood for and that fixation brought me a few blocks before the nav yelled loud enough for me to realize I was hungry and needed to eat. So I turn around and finally get to Dennis Street and fly by the restaurant. I swivel my head and see if I can get a parking spot nearby - sweet! So I circle around and come claim my parking spot nearby - because walking is totally for suckers.They close at 3pm. I dropped in a little after 2pm and I had the pick of the litter for what table I wanted. It was not that busy but there were still some people around - including a hilariously mismatched lesbian couple (think like a ten and a one) sharing a cigarette - awwww I thought it was cute. I sat outside since it was nice weather and all today. It was a little windy, which made it fun sitting outside, like having to vigilantly watch your napkins and your menu from taking a stroll around the neighborhood.They have Diet Dr Pepper! That is a must -must -must have when I choose my lunch spots. They bring it in a can with a cup full of ice and there are plenty of straws in the repository on your table so you have everything you need. Your order gets taken quickly and it is about a 15 minute wait for your big juicy burger to be presented to your satisfaction.The burger comes wrapped in a sleeve of butcher paper to keep everything together and it sits on a larger piece of butcher paper in the basket (see attached photograph.) If you don't know, now you will know: the Grim Burger is a big piece of meat on a white bun (no wheat - I know, ridic') with a bunch of cheese, jalapenos, a boatload of bacon, Mac & Cheese, and a fried egg. It is deliciousness and sweetness and tastiness all wrapped up and smoked in a way that makes you feel pretty good about the world, since the world came up with the idea of the Grim Burger for you to enjoy on a windy but still pleasant warm afternoon in Houston, Texas. The Mac is the soft, noodly kind with a slightly tangy cheese - in other words, yum! The jalapenos are the BIG pieces of jalapeno, not those skimpy things Fuddruckers leaves out on the "make it yourself" aisle - in other words, you can actually taste a tiny bit of heat up in this piece! The cheese is piled on there. And the bacon? Paula Deen said it best - "Put some more bacon on it!"I could not finish the burger, the cheese, the bun, or all of the bacon. It was just too much. But in the totally epic and awesome American way. I felt good about myself that I could leave some food behind - sorry starving kinds in Ethiopia, but you probably would not appreciate bacon soaked in the juices of jalapenos and Mac & Cheese.This place rightly deserved to be featured on Diners, Dives, and Drive-Ins on the Food Network. This is Houston-unique and a tremendous place to eat a big tasty burger. Jules and Vincent would instantly forget about that Hawaiian burger joint if they could have a taste of my Grim Burger.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,6/22/2011,99,168,8,10,8>Instead of my usual lunch hour, my friends and I evacuated our cubicles for CULTURE HOUR....right in the middle of City Hall (every Wednesday). We concluded our short walk from our building to the smell of piping hot sausages (which we came to find out were grass fed burgers courtesy of Georgia's Farm to Market) - one of the 40+ vendors today. Blue and white tents bordered the beautiful reflection pool consisting of everything from various cheese suppliers (like Houston Dairy Maids), to fresh produce (less common), to tamales, breads (Slow Dough), meats (Revival), tacos (Fusion Taco Truck), crepes (Melange), and other unique specialties. Performing on the steps of City Hall was a great meringue band, and while I didn't see any lawyers from Vinson & Elkins salsa dancing, there were several others (me) doing some shimmying to the Latin beat. Was it crowded? Yes, BUT, the crowd was hovering way below the uncomfortably annoying line. It was difficult to get our sample on during prime time 12 - 12:30. But come after, and samples are aplenty! Unlike most farmer's markets - the majority of the crowd was there to dine, not shop.We finally settled on a hot lunch from Nisha's Quick N Ezee Indian Food which also sells samosas, naan, chutney etc. to take home. They only offered one dish for lunch- ginger chicken, veggies, rice and naan for a fair $8. While I ADORED the samples on the product side of their stand passed out by Nisha herself, our lunch was rather underwhelming (boo). While I enjoyed the veggies, the carnivore in me found the chicken CRAZY dry even though it was bathed in a mildly spicy sauce. The rice was also insanely dry and flavorless even though it had been cooked with onions. Even the naan failed - where is that bite as light as air I has been craving? Regardless, I'd give them another try. By the time we aimed for some Melange crepes as a sweet ending to a sad meal, they were out of batter. Also sold out - the goat cheese chocolate truffles from a nearby cheese stand. Despite all of our first time fails, I ADORED the Farmer's Market. A great atmosphere with TONS of Houston Flavor (IE a complete melting pot). I would like to see more Asian representation - Urban Harvest, get on it! So City Hall Farmer's Market - next week, we've got a date. Same Place. Earlier time (gotta ensure crepe amazingess).
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,6/21/2011,152,164,5,12,9>I've been saying for years that someone needs to open a coffee shop ITL next door to a washateria. Heck, there are laundromats in other cities that double as bars. (Igor's Checkpoint Charlie in New Orleans comes to mind) Even if you do own a washer/dryer, it would certainly take the mundaneness out of this necessary chore to be able to lounge around nearby alone or with friends while enjoying some gourmet fair-trade organic coffee, wine, beer, and/or pastries. Oh, sure you can have all this as you read/work/study/socialize/internets from the comfort of your own home, indie music and all. However, it won't include the people-watching, the friendly banter with regulars and baristas, the original artwork by local artists, and other such joys. Laundry day hangout or not, the Museum District/South Montrose desperately needed a place like this. The menu consists of everything you'll find at Antidote plus MORE. While they still have desserts from local vendors such as Sinful bakery, there's a kitchen filling up the joint with scents of fresh baked pastries. Instead of Kraftman fare, they're serving their own sandwiches and mac n' cheese. There's also fresh-squeezed OJ and mimosas sold individually or by carafe. They offer free wifi for paying customers and seating is plentiful both inside and out (much much more seating than at Antidote!). If you like Antidote, you will love Black Hole. I know I sure do, and the fact that it's in my hood makes me love it even more.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,6/20/2011,113,155,16,14,26>In order to accurately describe notsuoH and my fondness for it, I have to tell you the story of my first date (she calls it a meeting) with my wife.We had been chatting for awhile now, having met online via one of the myriad of relationship websites. Things just seemed to work. We both had long hours, and as a result, we  agreed to meet up on a Monday night after I was done with work and when she was done with class.I was giddy with anticipation. I got off work a little bit earlier than she got off school, so I was left waiting. I waited in front of the Hobby Center, which, interestingly enough, is right across the street from where we got married--at the Sweeney Clock (houstontx.gov/municipala).Well, she called me. I was a little bit nervous, so I don't think I won any points with her over the phone. My palms were kinda sweaty, and my normally abrupt demeanor over the phone was even more pronounced. I told her to park in the garage at the Hobby Center, and I would meet her to walk to The State Bar (I was still relatively new to Houston so I didn't know a lot of great places). She managed to walk out of one of her shoes and I managed to walk into a tree branch. We were firing on all cylinders. Things took a downturn (or an upturn) upon arriving at The State Bar. It was dead. I mean, really dead. Noone was in there except the bartender. And, upon walking in, he informed us that he was closing up soon. Rather than hang out in an empty bar for just one drink, we went out to explore.Unfortunately, downtown is dead, and kind of scary, at 10 PM on Monday. We wandered and wandered, until she recommended we go check out Dean's Credit Clothing. Well, we walked by, and it was loud, which we decided wasn't the best atmosphere for a first date. The other option? notsuoH. This was even dicier. We walked in, and I honestly wasn't sure if it was open or not. There was a group of people huddled around the bar smoking cigarettes. We stuck out like sore thumbs, me in a suit and tie, her in her work clothes. Fortunately, the eclectic notsuoH was the perfect ice-breaker.The person behind the bar may or may not have worked there, to this day we still aren't sure. I do, however, distinctly remember her wearing a coon-skin cap. She did a great job of making the first date not so awkward by being all manner of ridiculous. Her tactics included giving us a scotch tasting, convincing my wife that she was psychic by deducing that I was an attorney and a few other details, having other customers come behind the bar to poor drinks, and telling us how notsuoH attracted the intelligentsia of Houston (which made us both secretly hope that she would bestow that label upon us, too). The bar is also decorated like something out of the show "American Pickers".  Little artifacts that appear to have been recovered from someone's grandfather's basement are mixed with modern art, and somehow it all works splendidly. Instead of my wife and I feeling awkward on our first date, we both thrown slightly out of our element, and it helped break the ice much more quickly than if we'd had a nice, normal, pleasant evening.  The evening was definitely pleasant, but, for us at least, it was not normal.My future wife and I ended up staying at the bar until 1:30 a.m. or so, a crazy late hour for a night when we both had work the next morning. It was worth it, though, as we literally talked the night away.  I don't know what would have happened if we'd ended up at another bar, but I'm willing to guess it would have been a more awkward and less interesting first date.  And if you're in the area on a Monday night, I highly recommend giving notsuoH's a try.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2011,6/19/2011,509,422,18,17,17>Dim sum for breakfast, anyone?  Authentic Chinese food for Chinese.   How do I know it's authentic?  By the number of misspelled* English words on the menu.  Oh, and also the serving of chicken feet.Sigh, gone is the old place (closed by Health Dept, I believe), and there is a new owner, from New York, who says he is bringing more authentic Chinese food, especially Dim Sum, to the North side of Houston.  But he kept the name and the décor of the old place (like the painted crawfish singers on the wall).The menu is not a typical Chinese food menu.  Luckily, we have two Chinese women to consult on what to order.  I can't remember all that we ordered, but I think it was #8, #23, #60 and some others.The rice soup with chicken and mushrooms was very very good.  This will be re-ordered when I come back.Dim Sums:- The chicken feet were rubbery.  I could not pick them up with chop sticks, and I am no amateur.  The bones and lack of meat made the feet hard to eat and not a treat.  I was told they are good for your health.  To me, that means you don't order this strictly for taste, which was mildly flavored.  It's probably $500 per ounce of edible material.- The dumplings with shrimp were OK with soy and pepper.   I wished they had some ginger to add.- The BBQ pork was too gristly and hard to eat.  You must use your fingers.  It was a mild flavoring, and OK, but not special for me.- Beef puffs (?) did not have enough meatThe Hai Lin (?) Chicken was very flavorful, but rather hard to eat due to the bones.  I think it was a spring chicken, and therefore, did not have large chunks of meat.  It is served on a plate including the chicken head, but don't worry, his eyes were closed.The pork hot pot noodle soup was bland until I added some hot sauce.  Then, it was good.The Sesame seed covered baked "roll" with Lotus flower was a great desert.  This is a definite repeat order.Service was great, but we were the only ones there at lunch.  Since the name is the same, maybe people think it's the same old place that they got sick at.It's next door to Stilettos (Dem Some shoes), so you can do some Latin dancing afterward.Or, go to Hung Dong grocery, which apparently supplies the crawfish to the restaurant.Owner says many Chinese come to this place on the way home to The Woodlands.  The Chinese women at our table believe it.  They said the food was pretty good, and were glad there was a good Chinese restaurant on the North side of town, so that they don't have to go all the way to Chinatown.No MSG.Dim sum from 8:00am to 3:00pm.  Closed on Tuesday.* At least I think "boiled crap soup" is a misspelling.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/30/2010,6/18/2011,386,171,18,15,17>III Cheers for the service at III Forks! Although Houston Restaurant Week patrons, my coworkers and I never felt neglected or rushed. Everyone who dealt with us epitomized the III P's of great service - prompt, professional and polite. So it kind of pains me to give them III stars because the food was "just OK." Maybe it's my fault for not eating at high-end steakhouses enough. Maybe I'm too uncultured and unsophisticated to appreciate such gustatory excellence, and without any hint of sarcasm whatsoever I accept that as a possibility. I am pretty much a member of the American Dalit equivalent, after all. From the $20 Houston Restaurant Week Menu, I ordered the lobster bisque as my starter and the salmon filet with Pommeray Sauce. Both were good, but nothing outstanding. The "chunks of lobster" advertised on the menu were tiny and chewy, and the cream/brandy broth wasn't as flavorful as I had anticipated. I liked the salmon much better - the Pommeray Sauce tasted wonderfully lemony and garlicky. However, the fish itself seemed kind of dry. I absolutely love salmon. Few things in life bring me more happiness than a thick, juicy chunk of fleshy pink ichthys. The one that ended up on my plate, though pleasingly flaky, lacked the strong, rich flavor that make his family such an appealing treat. He relied more on the efforts of the yummy accompanying sauce to do all the work. I wanted to shake his lazy side meat and screech, "YOU ARE A SALMON, SON! YOU SHOULD TAKE MORE PRIDE IN YOUR POTENTIAL FOR DELICIOUSNESS!!" But that would have been awfully gauche of me. Just because I'm an Untouchable doesn't mean I'm uncivilized.As I said before, the service was top-notch. Even with a party of 11, our waiter (Bosley? I want to say his name was Bosley. Whoever he was, he totally wins at customer service. Someone please buy him 5 million puppies.) managed everything smoothly and professionally. He even asked at the beginning of the meal if we wanted to split the check at the end! We did, and he took care of everything with nary a complaint. It did take us 2 hours to eat, though. But that's to be expected considering the size of our party. Besides, if given the choice between work and eating, I don't think any of us would choose the former. I enjoy my job, but I enjoy food even more. I don't regret going at all. Even though I was disappointed, it wasn't disappointing. After all, part of the proceeds from our meal went to the Houston Food Bank. That's never a waste! And I'll step inside its modern-tinged walls again sometime if I'm invited and have the money. But III Forks isn't really one of those places where I would go out of my way to patronize, either.
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2010,6/17/2011,67,253,7,16,9>I love finding cool venues and this place is no execption. It is an old barn, they roast their own coffee, have a couple sitting rooms in the back. All round, it is an experience. We came here for an acoustic Brandon Rhyder show and since he is one of my favorites - it was a grand ole time. We had great seats, didn't eat but the food looked delicious and quite pricey. They have a very extensive calendar, definitely worth checking out. I just with this place wasn't in the Woodlands. And like other reviewers have said, they do have great acoustics. I was also shocked by how reasonably priced the tickets are. all in all, i really like this place and am excited to go back. I want to try the breakfasts!
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,6/16/2011,215,403,13,16,20>I've got it made in the Shade.Discovering this place just after moving here, I hastily wrote a review, probably on my cell phone at the airport.  I luv u Shade.  kthxbye.  Having fully sampled what it has to offer I'm back for a REAL review.How do I love thee?  Let me count the ways.HAPPY HOUR:  A loooong happy hour that has pretty good deals on wine and appetizers.  2 apps+2 glasses of wine = dinner.  Among the appetizers are the Ahi Poke (Ahi sashimi on seaweed, with nice wasabi-ish sauce), the cheese plate, and the best Mac'N'Cheese I've had.  Gruyere, truffle, the perfect balance of cheesiness and creaminess...no bread crumbs or double-baking.  To me, this is comfort gourmet to the max.  And the famous Soups!  They offer a trio, and when the stars align and they offer my perfect triumverate of soup my head practically explodes.WINE:  Let's now move from Happy to Happier.  They have a really good wine list, with quite a wide selection by the glass.  I sometimes wonder why all restaurants can't do this?  Skill might be involved.DINNER:  Scallops, steak...all good but my favorite is the grilled double pork chop, "glazed" the menu said but it's a hint of a glaze.  I think overall the style has a lot of flavors, but they are balanced and in general on the light side.  Places can overwhelm you with savory, but...not here.BRUNCH:  Brunch is great and packed with folks.  The ultimate winner:  The pastry plate.  All made from scratch, in house (at the sister Canopy), it's a wonderful sampling of goodies.  GO FOR IT!  I've had the omlette as well, YUM...but the lunch offerings are just as good.  BLT heirloom with mozarella?  Best BLT I've ever had.AMBIENCE:  I LOVE the bar.  I mean, the stone used in the bar.  Check it out.  Two separate areas, the bar in the front is very chic and fun.  I love sitting here.  The back is a more formal waitservice situation.  Overall very minimalist and cool.  When the places is crowded, though, the acoustics can make conversation hard.SERVICE:  I think it says something about the quality of the place when you see the same friendly faces everytime you go...good staff that's valued by management.  The hallmark of a good restaurant.And all on top of that, it's keystone part of the Heights.  It's an anchor for 19th street (back when it needed an anchor more), there are many "regulars" who come here.  The Heights Blue Laws?  They are a hoot.  Apparently only the original folks who banned demon liquor can repeal the law.  So we either need a Zombie Apocalypse (and some clever campaigning) or a Federal Case (sue to change it) to allow booze to flow down 19th Street again.  But Shade, the lone exception, is a "club" and I'm a member!Indeed.  I do have it made in the Shade.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,6/15/2011,89,202,12,11,13>It's unpronounceable!  it must be authentic!  I never had Barbacoa Tlaquepaque before.  This joint's the newest addition to the Pearland taqueria scene.  It's a bright orange building, with even brighter orange trim;   - The orange color of a traffic cone, warning me "Hey, some serious tacos ahead!"   The building itself appears to be a house-trailer on stilts, set up in a tiny lot at the north end of Pearland's old business district.The huevos y machado tacos had this great texture - machado is Mexican beef jerky that's been rehydrated some.  It's kinda tough - it's supposed to be - but each little chunk of beef had this intense flavor.  Set off well against onions, cilantro and Los Brother's maize tortillas.  They either make their own tortillas or get them from close by, they were plenty fresh, with just the right amount of toasty char on 'em.  The freshness of the onions and cilantro came through well in the salsa roja; I could have used a little more fire, though.So I came back for a barbacoa breakfast taco.  This time I asked for the extra-spicy salsa.  Barbacoa got the texture right, with a slightly smokey finish.   Then I spotted the 'Taco Tlaquepaque' on whiteboard.  What the ?#!?  I asked the counter guy.  He wasn't clear on whether Tlaquepaque was in Oaxaca, or Guadalajara, but they have some mean taco sauce.  I got a small bowl of barbacoa with this suspicious sauce.  Serious tasty.  They definitely had some Mexican spices in there that I couldn't even guess at, but - wow - what a good finish.Give this place a try!  And see if you can get the counter guy to teach you how to pronounce 'Tlaquepaque'.  Cuz I gave up after the fifth try.
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2010,6/14/2011,466,956,12,13,11>I was so hungry this morning, I could eat a cow! Seriously, medium rare with eggs and potatoes on the side.I needed to get something to eat before people would start looking like tacos. I saw one of of my coworkers on the way out of the office and her skirt was the color of bacon... I knew I had to hurry up!! I decided to go ahead a venture to Tepatitlan. I got there and parking was a breeze. I walked in and a waitress asked me if she could help me. I asked her for a to go menu, browsed a little and ordered. I decided for two (egg, cheese, potatoes and bacon) tacos and a lemonade. It took them a little longer than I would have liked to prepare the tacos, but they were SOOOO good that I don't even care! I would go right back and order them two tacos again!The lemonade was natural and definitely tasty, not like the watered down versions I've been sold at other restaurants. The place's decor is pretty cool. The chairs look like the ones you see in the Spanish Novelas. There is a jukebox there and also a Virgin Mary shrine on a wall. Yes, I loved their tacos and will definitely be ordering them often. I wonder if their food is as good as their breakfast tacos... if it is,  I may start eating more Mexican food!
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,6/13/2011,196,278,9,16,13>My first rule of dining is to order what a restaurant specializes in, or is known for.  That rule rarely steers me wrong, so I tend to follow it almost every time.  But recently I broke this rule.Samba Grille is a new restaurant downtown, one I've visited before.  I really enjoyed their churrascaria; as a devoted carnivore, a variety of freshly grilled meats is something hard to pass up.  They also have some tempting seafood dishes, many of which I've yet to sample.But I was on a quest.  One of the partners in Samba Grille is Nathan Ketcham, who happens to be a friend of mine.  Nathan and I used to eat lunch together frequently when he lived in the Woodlands, often at the late, lamented Tesar's Modern Steakhouse, which was home of one of the state's great hamburgers. Nathan shares my passion for burgers, and he knows a good one from a bad one.  Now that Nathan is helming his own restaurant, I had to sample his hamburger.  Of course, his place specializes in the cuisine of South America, so my expectations weren't too high... but I figured Nathan wouldn't disappoint me.So on a recent Friday, I picked up my lovely bride at her downtown office, and we drove over to Samba for lunch.  Parking was a snap (often an issue downtown) and we entered and sat down.  After a brief perusal of the menu, we both ordered burgers.  While we waited, we snacked on Samba's addictive cheese rolls.  In short order, the burger appeared.Samba's burger has a strong Latin flair.  It's made from grilled sirloin, no doubt trimmed from the steaks they butcher in-house.  The beef is blanketed with buttery Spanish machego cheese.  To this they add crisp, smoky bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomatoes, and aji aioli, a spicy garlic sauce made with Peruvian peppers.  The burger was built on a soft, slightly sweet bun.  I'm a bit of a burger purist, so I vetoed the avocado, but I decided to try the aioli. Biting into it, I was immediately impressed by the smooth mouthfeel and the balance of the burger.  Front and center was the flavor of the meat - a robust beefy swagger that really hit the spot.  I've eaten some very good burgers lately, but none have nailed the beefy flavor quite like Samba has done.  The counterpoint of the buttery machengo cheese added smoothness, and the heat from the aji aioli popped in a moment later, adding a spicy Latin counterpoint to the flavor profile.  Not only has Samba created a great burger, they've done so with South American flair.The choice of ingredients was masterful.  The bacon's flavor was subtle, and the slight crunch was a nice contrast to the smooth feel of the beef and cheese.  The difference between good and great is in the details, and it's obvious to me that Nathan and Chef Cesar Rodriguez spent the time to sweat the details.This is the burger I've been waiting for since Tesar's shut down.  Thank you, Nathan.I came to Samba expecting to enjoy a good burger, but instead I found one of Houston's very best.  If you love burgers, go check 'em out.
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,6/12/2011,287,298,8,14,11>Driving home the other day I noticed the hands that gripped the steering wheel looked like they belonged to an octogenarian. Eek! Time for a manicure. Luckily I spotted a Beautique and hoped they had an opening. This gorgeous salon is on the ground floor of one of the Four Oaks Place towers. The store front faces South Post Oak Lane and easy to find....once you know it's there. The reception area is well lit and stocked with a large selection of designer hair products. To the left is a small beverage nook, to the right the hair salon and behind the reception desk is the nail area. The receptionist greeted me with a smile. With my fingers crossed behind my back I asked if there was an availability for a manicure. I was informed yes and would I like a beverage while I waited for the technician?Within seconds, Lili came to the front to collect me. She steered me towards the nail polish and I asked her about a product I have heard about called Shellac. It's a hybrid nail polish that lasts up to two weeks without chipping and doesn't require drying time. My luck was holding out because she pointed at a small display of bottles. With only 10 colors to choose from, I chose a pretty pinkish neutral that looked frosted when light hit it a certain way.The salon has a separate room for spa pedicures with a nail station just outside. I was directed to the nail station and sat in a wheeled office type chair. I got comfy while Lili started preparations for the manicure. Lili is sweet, asked a few questions during the manicure. She has a gentle touch and was very meticulous. The Shellac is applied like usual polish: base coat, 2 coats of color and the top coat. (The colors are hypo-allergenic, and "3-Free" - no formaldehyde, toluene or DBP). Between each coat your hand is placed under a UV lamp. After the last coat your nails are dipped in a solution, towel dried and your ready to go with dry nails! The Shellac manicure runs $40 and is worth it.I decided to check out the hair products and was immediately approached by Mike. He asked if I was interested in a particular product. I explained what I was looking for and he showed me several options. I found him very friendly and informative. He escorted me back to the reception desk and even gave me a couple of samples. The staff at Beautique are warm, personable and welcome you with open arms. I will definitely return!***11 days later and my nails are chip-free, shiny and my hands look lovely!
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,6/11/2011,231,233,26,22,20>Wow, owning a car actually requires attention. I guess I never learned that when I was driving my mom's '95 Honda Odyssey. Yes, it was a minivan. I was really a cool kid. So now that I drive a car that I am paying for myself, I'm realizing things like: when the check engine light goes on, you should probably actually get it checked out. I went first to a place in Midtown, where they wanted me to leave the car for the day. No, thanks, I have lunch to eat and Frosted Mini Wheats to buy. So I called Hare, and got Jim on the phone. He said, let me guess, you're a girl who has the check engine light on and you want someone to look at it, tell you what it is, and then you'll figure out what to do. Bingo. I asked him how long it would take. He said 10 minutes, let me guess again, you don't want to spend too much time because you run around like a chicken with its head cut off. Bingo again. so I ask him "How did you know?" and he snorts,  "HAH. you're a woman. You have the gene." Wow. Impressive. "... Can you tell my ex-boyfriend that?" I show up, Jim recognizes me, while the other guy who didn't talk to me on the phone says "Let me guess, check engine light." Wow, apparently being a woman is a dead giveaway for why you show up looking clueless to a mechanic. Jim takes 8.3 minutes to check everything. Tells me what to do. Tells me he's grateful I'm not the normal woman because I don't have 30 lbs worth of clothing and shoes to kick out of the way (I told him he hadn't seen my trunk yet. Ahem get your mind out of the gutter).Doesn't charge me a thing, tells me "Go be successful." So, guys who know cars and women and, more specifically,  women who drive cars.  Convinced yet?
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2010,6/10/2011,211,151,6,15,7>This is my new favorite happy hour spot (here and Benjy's are on the top of my list). You would never suspect such a trendy and scenic place would exist where it does--behind a steakhouse and in front of a beautifully manicured lawn! The best part is they have awesome happy hour deals.The bar menu features a list of fine cocktails, wines, and small plates for only $5 during happy hour! My favorite cocktail is the pear martini. There's also two beers that are $3 during happy hour as well. The small plates are portion-wise not as big as Benjy's but the quality of the food is fantastic (since, you are after all at a 5 star restaurant). The patio furniture kind of reminds me of South Beach Miami. It's very contemporary and there is tons of seating. It's all outdoor seating here, but it's such a nice environment that I don't mind sweating a bit in the Houston heat to be here. And the craziest thing about this place? For the guys out there, there are a ton of girls here. The female to male ratio is like 5:1. Not sure why. Maybe because of the great cocktails they have. But either way, guys, you should come here for a little "bird" watching!
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2011,6/9/2011,305,161,29,19,21>By no means am I an authority when it comes to getting my hair "did." I always feel like I'm giving instructions for building a cabinet when I get a hair cut: 1 inch off the top, round in the back, sides up to here, 5 on the side. I honestly think I could cut my own hair hair with a beard trimmer and a micro plane grater. But it's all fun and games until beauty school drop out gets ahold of your melon and begins to finish what Lizzie Borden couldn't. As the resulting uneven Mulletano* with white walls** grows out, you begin to realize that a good haircut is worth paying for. I've been coming to Scissorhands for more than ten years. It's been a totally open relationship. I get my haircut everywhere from TGF to Sports Clips and various car washes around town. Not really. And in return, even though I seem to sit in the same chair every time, my hair is cut by a total stranger. Literally the last five times I've been there, my hair has been cut by 5 different people. Stranger still, they've all been great jobs. All I would try to take away from my experience is that it's been good over a number of years. I honestly don't know if that's blind luck or if everyone that works here is pretty decent. If you're on the look, give them a shot. *Mulletano - Italian Mullet, " The Buttafuoco" **White Walls - baldness over the ears
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,6/8/2011,178,1288,6,23,21>Easily the BEST brunch I've had in Houston. We went here about 10 years ago and I have no idea why we hadn't been back, but trust me, we will be!  First, free valet parking. It's a tough spot to find parking because of the location. Just use the free valet. We walked in on a Saturday around noon and were seated right away. There is both indoor and patio seating. The patio looked lovely and shaded with fans, but I am a mosquito magnet, so we opted for inside.  Our waiter was awesome. He was attentive, knowledgeable, and had great timing. Our glasses never went empty, our food came our correct and fast, and overall he made our experience better (something that often is lacking in some Houston restaurants).  The interior of this old converted house is super cute and not stuffy at all. For being nestled right next to River Oaks, you might expect a bit of a snobbish tone, but this place will appeal to everyone.We were immediately served a small plate of breads. My husband enjoyed the tomato muffin and some scones while I had the other muffins (not sure what they were but they were a little bland). We looked over the menu and were overwhelmed with choices.  I don't eat red meat or avocado so that often limits food choices. There were a ton of different dishes both savory and sweet to choose from. We also listened to the specials the waiter had in store for us, they had about 4 that day. The food:I ordered the brioche french toast ($13). It was AMAZING. It was crisp on the outside and soft inside. It was huge and delicious. Served with some maple syrup and berries, it was the perfect sweet brunch meal. I got a side of bacon ($3.25) for some protein, and it was perfectly done as well. I thought I had ordered the best thing they had to offer, but I was wrong. My husband ordered the crepe special ($16). It was a savory crepe filled with ham and cheese. I think it had a hollandaise sauce. It was served with eggs and bacon. I'm typically only a sweet crepe fan, but OH MY GOD they were the BEST crepes I have ever ever had. My husband looked like he was in heaven and I looked at his crepes longingly. We were so sad they were were only a special, because it was the type of dish that could make us absolute regulars. At the end of the meal, they offered us comment cards. We promptly filled it out the card begging them to put the crepes on the menu permanently (or at least as a standard special).  As I looked at the bill I was pleasantly surprised to see our meal including drinks and tax was under $40. For the service, ambiance, and food this was a darn good deal. One of the best meals I have had in a long time. Backstreet Cafe, you are one of my absolute top restaurants choices in Houston. We will be back again and again and again.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,6/7/2011,427,838,7,19,11>One of the awesomely frustrating things about Yelp is "Hot on Yelp," in which based on some sort of complex algorithm (umm, something with number of bookmarks I think), Yelp will give you the list of hot spots that people are visiting or thinking of visiting.This, of course, adds to my substantial list of places I want, nay need, to visit. Just Dinner popped up on my radar over a year ago, but was unfortunately closed on Sunday, Valentine's Day, last year.This time this year, we opted for a Saturday Valentine's, and presto, Just Dinner had one table left. I admit there was a little bit of a bias when I made my selection. There was no Valentine's menu and it's BYOB ($8 corkage per 750 ml). Spend smart, you know.Just Dinner is a novel concept run by the quirky Chef Andrew Rebori and his lovely, down-to-earth wife who doubles as the hostess. It's nestled in the neighborhood, but unlike neighbor Mockingbird Bistro, Just Dinner feels authentically like you're still in a house. Don't worry, parking is actually ample, lot, and sans valet.But because it's in a house, reservations are often at the whims of the guests. Thus, despite our being 10 minutes late, we still ended up waiting another 20 for our table. No worries if you're waiting; you can actually get the best seat in the house: two seats directly facing the kitchen at work. As Andrew and his wife (I can't for the life of me remember her name) continued to profusely apologize, they also continued to profusely entertain us in passing. She served up complimentary hummus and poured our wine; he swung by and made tongue-in-cheek remarks about the dilly-dalliers sitting at our table. We were having such a jolly good time, that we almost didn't need to eat!But seated we were, and ate we finally did. For starters, she was drawn to the rosemary accented ratatouille, I was drawn to the tomato basil soup, branded as Houston's best. In fact, we ordered the appetizers while waiting in the kitchen, and the chef's wife offered that this would bring out the appetizers right as we sat. In passing, I had mentioned to the girlfriend that I was tempted about the tomato basil, and she scoffed it wouldn't be better than La Madeleine. Naturally, when the chef's wife took our orders, she proudly crowed it was better than said French chain restaurant. Completely a coincidence, I assure you.The soup was heavy on tomato, light on cream. Which I love, she not so much. The ratatouille is a cold compote, but generously flavored with herb and deliciously tasty with the dry crackers. Going back to the kitchen, there must have been some subliminal messaging involved, as we saw the sous-chef prep a cheese plate. It completely suckered us, and we ended up going three to tango with the appetizers, adding a cheese plate to the table. It was solidly good.By the time we reached our appetizers, we were a bit tapped out from the earlier triple threat, but the wine sustained us a while longer. She went with the spaghetti alla puttanesca, an interesting combination of salty, tangy flavors that misses the binding and acidity of tomatoes. Thanks to drooling over reading Yelp review, I went with the short ribs that were drop off the fork nice but was overwhelmed with a too-complex port reduction. Both of the entrees were very good, but just under and over missed on a flavor that would have truly made this a wonderful experience.Dessert was a pecan tart, which was fine on the tart but topped with a simply fantastic apple sorbet.The concept is hands down one of the most unique and best in Houston. And if you're looking to impress without overspending, the menu prices and BYOB status can't really be beat. But despite the 5+* service and ambiance, food is king in this review. I would have liked to taste just a little bit more, and thus write a little bit more about the food. I'll be back again to see if I can't squeeze out that extra, selfish inch from Just Dinner.
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2010,6/6/2011,225,440,10,16,15>This place has been the one place my family has gone to since I was a kid for our BBQ cravings! They have been around for years and the waitresses are the same ones I remember from over 12 years ago. It's a great family owned establishment that prides itself on good service and good food.The menu has something for every taste and the servings are usually just right in size. The combo plates offer a variety of your basic BBQ options - ribs, chicken, brisket and sausage. The potato salad is pretty basic, but that's how I like it. The slaw isn't my first choice but for others in my family it hits the spot. The beans are the "bees knees", as they use their signature BBQ sauce for the base and there is brisket mixed in there too. They also offer steak/chicken finger baskets, burgers and BBQ sandwiches that I used to love as a kid!My usual meal is either the chicken fried steak plate or the chopped beef sandwich. For the chopped beef, the meat is always tender and there is no lack of flavor and sauce! I have been known to order two on the way home from work, have one for dinner and the other for breakfast...yumm! If you haven't been here you should definitely check it out, and if you see me waiting for my take out...say Hi!
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2010,6/5/2011,229,569,8,11,10>The Branch delivers another gem! I'm sooooo happy not to have to drive as far as usual for good Vietnamese food. Kim Chau is in the far corner of roughed up strip center--it's no wonder it had eluded me for the 18 years it has been open.I had the Bun Thit Nuong and enjoyed every bite of it. The pork was so well seasoned, it made the dish perfect. The restaurant is super nice, family run. It also takes credit cards. I saw it mentioned that it does not, but times are a' changin'! So run that credit card bill UP!
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/18/2010,6/4/2011,115,362,5,15,8>Perhaps in an effort to make the phoenix analogy more concrete, the façade - such as it was - at the Roll-N Saloon caught fire not long before its imminent demise. A symbolic pyre for the passing of a much loved neighborhood dive? Who knows, but the bar has been resurrected from the ashes and reincarnated as the Railyard. As the name suggests, the bar still faces the tracks, but that's about all it has in common with the old Roll-N Saloon - at least physically. In a stroke of more spiritual continuity, the new owners retained the beloved bartenders Mark and Tony to help the old regulars feel at home. Otherwise, the gutted interior is unrecognizable. Gone are the chalked scribblings and fading photos of patrons past festooning the walls and ceilings; present are brick walls, polished furniture, and flat screen TV's dressing up the joint with a modern sports bar feel perhaps more befitting its River Oaks environs. Gone is the old school jukebox with the classic country crooners and raucous royalty of rock; installed is a shiny new internet jukebox. But talking to the new owners, they're really not channeling Weingarten Realty or anything. Their family owns the larger center in which the bar is located, and they are nice enough guys trying to update the place while maintaining a neighborhood feel and cultivating a new clientele without alienating the old. That internet jukebox? Loaded with many of the same tracks you would have found on the old one. And with a vintage photo booth located in the corner, patrons can start adorning the walls with new shindiggerous moments frozen in time.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,6/3/2011,119,124,22,21,19>I typically come on Saturday nights with my parents for our father, mom and son dinners. I'm their favorite son or so they tell me (btw I'm their only son). This gives my mom more chances to drill me on how I'm doing, when I'm getting married, if I have a girlfriend, why don't I eat more often, why I'm not working out more, I should be eating healthier,  I need to stop being hardheaded so I can listen to her advice, I should save more money, I should stop going out to focus on going back to school and etc...I could go on forever but, I think I could stop all those questions by (I) getting married and (II) having kids. I don't foresee that happening anytime soon. My mom is just being a mom and I love her! From the name of the restaurant their specialty is Bun Mang Vit (Duck and bamboo vermicelli noodle soup).  You will get three things for this dish:1. A noodle soup consisting of vermicelli noodles and sliced bamboo. The broth is very flavorful and you won't need to add any additional fish sauce. There are two different textures going on here from the soft vermicelli noodles to the slight chewy bamboo shoots. I love eating the bamboo.2. A goi vit (Duck Salad) consisting of thinly shredded cabbage, mint, coriander, garlic, crushed peanuts topped with sliced duck.3. A small bowl of ginger fish sauce use to to dip your duck salad for additional flavors.How do you eat this, well using my chopstick and spoon, I grab stuff from Item 2 (with my chopsticks and placing it on the spoon) and dip it (the spoon full of item 2) into Item 3. Then I eat some of Item 2 & Item 3 off my spoon (about half) and proceed to use my chopstick to grab item 1 (which is just noodles, soup and bamboo). I get a mixture of noodles, salad, duck, sauce, soup and bamboo all in a tiny spoon. All of this is done again and again until A. I get full or B. I finish Items 1 and 2.  Are you confused yet?The flavors and textures of both the noodle soup and duck salad work well together. The noodles are soft, the bamboo and duck meat are chewy, and duck salad is crispy-ish.  The soup is hot while the duck salad is cold. The slight clear yellow broth has a taste mixed between chicken, duck and bamboo. It's very tasty and if you need more flavor just add more of Item 3.The service is fast, quick and non-English speaking. If you don't know Vietnamese just point as they have pictures on their menu. The place itself is very clean and small. There are two big screen TVs that play Vietnamese TV shows (like Paris by Night). Also remember to bring cash. I'll be back for here for sure. Anyone want to meet my parents?Note: If my mom likes you, then you're good in my book.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2010,6/2/2011,269,274,10,19,15>When I decided to rate this restaurant I was debating 4 or 5 stars, but leaning towards 5. I looked at a few things before I came to my final 5 star rating. There was no debate about the food and service, but I thought I was leaning towards 5 stars because of the location. This probably is the best food in Missouri City/Sugar Land area. Then I thought about a similar experience I had when I was in Galveston with Rudy & Paco's. I could put this restaurant in the middle of the inner loop and it could compete with any of the so-called it & now, or trendy restaurants If you want a slice of the ITL *Inside The Loop* in the suburbs, then Aura is as good as it gets. You get great food and tremendous service with out all the "Pomp and Circumstance" of the inner loop. The wife and I have friends who decided to pack up and move to the 'burbs. It was a tough decision for them, but as a family grows your priorities begin to take shape. The one thing they'd knew they would miss was the great restaurants available to them in town. They were excited when they had heard of and tried it soon after, Aura. They raved about it, and explained to us that we must try it, but not without them. A couple of months go by and they call us to save the date because we're taking you to Aura. Believe it or not, Aura is located in a strip center. I know, shocking isn't it. This strip center is designed to look like a small European Village and it did give off that charm. It's a small restaurant inside and makes for a very quaint evening shared with friends or a loved one. The food was exceptional. The table started with Duck Liver Pate. It was whipped up in a small ramekin and served with toast. I thought it was delicious as did the table. It was gone in a matter of minutes. The wife and I decided to have soups before the dinner, I went with the French Onion Soup with Gruyere Cheese and Baguette Croutons served in a mini Le Crucet pot. It was a great presentation. The wife went with a Lobster Bisque with a dash of Sherry on top. The soups were both good, but up to this point the Duck Pate was still being talked about at the table. It was time to order dinner. I would recommend ordering from the Chefs Board, it's as extensive as the printed menu. The ladies decided to go with the Pan Seared Grouper sitting on cheese polenta, topped off with a Crab Beurre Blanc. The gentlemen went with meat. He went with Braised Shortribs sitting on a bed of garlic mashed potatoes, I went with the Lamb Moussaka. Ground lamb and egg plant topped off with lamb chops cooked to perfection with a red wine reduction. The Shortribs passed the fork test, they fell apart when he put the fork to them. I scarfed down my Moussaka and Lamb Chops. The lady's Grouper was delicious. The fish wasn't overcooked despite it being crispy on the outside and the Crab Beurre Blanc just put this dish over the top. And just when you thought it couldn't get better out came the Dessert Board. The wife went with the fresh Strawberries on a toasted biscuit and homemade whip cream and our table mates went with the Dessert Trio. The trio came with White Chocolate bread budding, the best Creme Brule I ever tasted and unfortunately I don't remember the third one. The Wine List was good, not much selection by the glass, but I didn't mind since I don't consider myself a wine snob. I found a good Cab by the glass that went well with my Lamb. The service was also very good. I highly recommend Aura to anybody in the Sugar Land area. I love experiencing these OTL *Outside The Loop*  gems.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,6/1/2011,150,374,5,9,8>I like the idea of easing my conscious when eating junk food (even if it's a false sense of healthiness - you're not going to get thin from this place). I took my kids here for a hot dog and we ordered a plain hot dog with bacon (for the fussy-eating older one) a cheeseburger (for the discerning little one) and a chili dog for myself. I'd forgo the chili next time, since I immediately scraped it off the dog after the first bite - no taste whatsoever. But the food was overall quite good for being "healthy" and the fries and onion rings were pretty darn good for being fried in olive oil.I just hope this place keeps enough traffic to keep going. Seems to be empty any time I pass by, and there's really not much in the way of hot dog options in this part of the 1960.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,5/31/2011,113,62,6,18,12>Normally, I like to go to a place a few times before reviewing it but DAMN, not this time.  I debated between giving it 4 or 5 stars but I'm going to throw caution to the wind and 5 star this place.  The food here was absolutely delicious!  Since it was my first time here, I ordered what I consider to be my baseline:  beef empanadas, sweet fried plantain, green fried plantain, and fried yucca.  I know, not the healthiest, but that's my standard. Beef Empanadas:  4.5 stars - Not too many places can make a great empanada.  The filling and the flaky crust are key.  At some places, the filling is too bland.  In fact, up to now, Churrasco's has been the only place that has one of the best empanadas in Houston...perfectly flavored filling, but the size is super tiny.  The ones at Rincon are a decent size (half-moon, about 5 inches lengthwise), filled with a yummy ground beef filling and fried to a flaky perfection .  Churrasco's are still better but Rincon's are right up there.  Maduros (sweet fried plantain):  5 starsPerfect - a little on the small side but the plantains were perfectly ripe and fried just right to enhance the sweetness of the plantain.  Some were even fried to a great carmelized point (meaning that it might look overcooked, but it's not - big difference).  Tostones (Green Fried Plantain): 5 starsA lot of people don't like tostones because they say it has no flavor.  Wrong, I say.  You just haven't had one prepared the right way.  A lot of places either prepare the plantain too thin or overcook it to the point where it is very dry when you bite into it.  When you bite into a tostone, there should stil be enough of a moist center to give you the plantain flavor.  The ones at Rincon are cooked perfectly - nice and crispy on the outside and just right on the inside.  Not dry at all.  In fact, I'll go the distance - these are the best tostones I've had since I've lived in Houston.  There, I've said it.  Yucca Frita - These were just okay.  I prefer yucca where the yucca fibers are still evident throughout the slice.  These were more like french fries, with a soft mashed potato interior.  Is it because the yucca is too ripe?  Are they pureeing the yucca and then making the fries?  I don't know.  I think there's only one place in Houston that makes yucca the way I like it, but I can't remember the name of the place.  My friend had the pierna asada (roasted pork) which came with sliced roasted pork, white rice, black beans and maduros.  Lemme tell ya, the portion size was VERY generous - enough to warrant a to-go box.  I thought there was a bit too much fat on it for my taste but you could easily cut off the fat and still have a good amount of meat left.  Actually, the fat adds to the taste of the dish.  The meat was tender and juicky with very good flavor to it.  All in all, this is some of the best cuban food I've had in a while, enough for me to give it 5 stars on just one visit.  Yes, I have that much faith in the place.  I can't wait to try their breakfast and their sandwiches - I'm drooling already.  Oh, and I hope they're willing to make massive amounts of empanadas cuz I plan to take some back to my family when I drive home in a few months.  The downside?  This place has been open a little over a year and I've just now discovered it.  Oh, the shame!  I'll have to make up for lost time.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,5/30/2011,21,130,6,6,7>Among the many trials and tribulations I encountered when I moved from Dallas to Houston was finding a good cheap mexican restaurant I could frequent.In order to qualify for the coveted 'go to' mexican restaurant it should posess the following:1) Must be cheap. If the majority of the menu is over $7 it's too expensive for my 'go to' Mexican restaurant.2) It absolutely under no circumstances can be a chain.3) The less expensive and less trendy the area it's located in the better.4) Portion sizes must be gargantuan.5) Last but definitely not least, the food has be authentic delicioso.EUREKA! I found Tia Marias located in a not too terribly shady area (more industrial than shady) with $5 gargantuan platters of  authentic Mexican yumyums. I wouldn't necessarily recommend an individual drive miles and miles to dine here but if you live close it does not disappoint.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2011,5/29/2011,102,148,8,5,8>My review is simple and it is for the lo-mein only. It is hands down one of my favorite lo-mein in town! I always get the chicken one and it is freaking awesome. I did the buffet one time at this location but that was like 5 years ago or so. I used to get take out from here years ago, so when i recently starting going back, I gave them my phone number to complete my order, they still had me in their system!!! Lady: "oh Victor, you haven't been here i a while" Me: "yeah i work nearby again" coworker: "they know you by name?!!?" crickets: "cricket, cricket" Plus take out is in those rad Chinese containers so left overs look cool in the frig, like 80's sitcom cool, well till they smell bad .....Oh yeah fried rice is good too but i prefer the lo mein
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2011,5/28/2011,556,161,13,15,12>After seriously over-indulging myself at the Breakfast Klub, all I could think of was what a gluttonous piggy I was. I couldn't breathe and my eyes were tearing up because of how I stuffed my face but I would do it all over again if I had the company because it was just so chicken-lickin' good.You may have noted that there is a really long line out the door of this place, but the line moves really quickly and their good hospitality starts from the outside-in. There is water and coffee you can have while cruising through the line and employees are always there handing out menus and assisting with any recommendations.In no time my guest and I were inside ordering our food and we definitely indulged ourselves:- Wings & Waffles: Juiciest, most delicious wings I have ever had. These babies were perfection. Crispy crunch on the outside, not too much batter, amazing flavor and juice on the inside. The kind of juice that dribbles down your chin because it's so good. The waffles were pretty good. I've never been a waffle girl so I'm not really one to judge.- Biskits & Gravy: My heart aches just thinking about the biscuits and gravy. I could drink that gravy straight, therefore how appropriate is it that they serve it in a cappuccino cup. The biscuits were fluffy, flaky, and the perfect vehicle to get all that flavorful gravy from plate to mouth. Screw coffee. Get gravy.- Pankakes w/ 2 Eggs, Sausage, Bakon, and Ham: The pancakes were seriously tasty and also fluffy. I don't remember the sausage very much, but the bacon was exactly how I like it: crispy, but not too crispy and the fat was perfectly crisped to where it melted in my mouth. The ham was very nice too, not like the crap you'd get at Denny's.The service was speedy and just the epitome of southern hospitality. The sinfully delicious food is worth waiting two hours for, but luckily it only took about 5-10 minutes, the same amount of time I would have waited at any sit-down restaurant. I'm going to have to revisit the Breakfast Klub very soon and get a new laptop, because after writing this review I'm not sure how I'll get all the drool off my keyboard.
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2010,5/27/2011,158,402,7,7,7>It was a semi -rainy steamy kinda day in the town.  After gettin a hankerin' for nachos but also wanting lasagna (carb overload I know) I decided to stop thru here. Hell it had been in my bookmarks long enuff to grow roots, plus it will give me a chance to try something a lil uncontemporary. It's a cool spot for what it is: a casual dining establishment that serves comfort kinda foods. The menu has a good selection of things for the slightly bored but curious palette. I tried the Italian nachos and the bowtie pasta with sundried tomatoes. Both were tasty and unusual (who woulda thunk about using won ton skins to make nachos?) and the portions are huge. They do serve half portions of almost all menu items so be content with the halves. All in all the breadsticks and menu choices have me awaiting a return but if you want something a lil more traditional stick to olive garden (ugh)
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,5/26/2011,265,191,15,20,16>Who brings cheap white wine & red plastic cups to a restaurant in the  country? Apparently, we do. I don't know exactly how we ended up here on a random girls' night out. I believe it started out when one of my girlfriends invited me out to dinner to catch up and to drive her brand new spanking sports car. This required a somewhat long, open road. I had been craving crawfish but refused to wait on Boiling Crab. And finally, another girlfriend demanded no girls' night out is complete without alcohol.Long winding road, check. Crawfish, check. Drinks...err, BYOB? When I looked up the restaurant online, I couldn't see the BYOB mention on the website (yes, I actually failed to check Yelp reviews). I asked my friend again and she reassured me that it is, in fact , BYOB. And since it was a very spontaneous night out, all I had handy was a bottle of cheap white wine. We were too lazy to make an actual stop at a liquor store & decided this would have to do for the night.And so we trekked it over on dark highway 90, winded down a farm road, crossed a railroad track, and lo  & behold a giant glowing sign awaited us. A full, dirt parking lot was a good sign especially on a week night. Unfortunately, this also meant my friend had to park her newly washed sportscar in the ditch...and really, people here double park on the ditch with no care in the world. But as they say, when in Rome do as the Romans do!Walking up to the barn-like restaurant a sign welcomed us saying to seat ourselves. We decided to plop ourselves on one of the long picnic tables. I was still wary on whether we were really allowed to bring alcohol until I saw families bringing in enormous coolers & popping open bottles of beer. The young, friendly server (noticing we had wine) offered us cups. We thanked him politely for the offer but we came prepared...red cups, wine opener, and even a stopper. Yes, I realize how ridiculous we must've looked but with nary a care in the world we popped that wine open & ordered pounds of crawfish, corn, potatoes, mushrooms, and had ourselves a good time.The verdict? Pretty damn tasty seasoning! While two of us enjoyed the Spicy seasoning, our other friend ordered the Meaux Spicy and complained that it didn't really taste any spicier than ours. Instead, it just tasted saltier. The corn, potato, and mushrooms were all decent and are priced per piece. Honestly, the Boiling Crab still has the tastiest combination of spices in my opinion but is NEVER worth the ridiculous 2 hour wait. A few golden nuggets:- Try to come here on a weekday. We originally came on a Thursday and had no problems seating ourselves for dinner. Tried it again with a different group at 7pm on a Sunday and they were turning people away because they ran out of crawfish!!! I suggest before you go in the evening (esp on a weekend) to call first. We came again on another separate occasion on a Saturday at 6pm and we waited in a line out the door. Don't come hungry, at least not on a weekend!- There's a drive through window but if you think you're gonna get your crawfish faster through there, you are dead wrong. The line of cars on the weekend is just as long as the lines of ppl out the door.- Everyone that works here is super friendly! Be patient, as the servers are slammed with several tables at a time & are busting their ass. - Don't hold up a table too long after eating. Yes, enjoy your beer & the company but let others have the opportunity to enjoy the crawfish they drove so far for!- And lastly, don't be like us and bring wine. That's pretty self explanatory.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2010,5/25/2011,374,720,11,14,16>Okay my best friend lives across the light rail from this establishment (Sup stalkers?!  Why yes, I do flatter myself!) so I've often glanced out from her balcony, eyeing the Bombay Pizza Co. all lustly-like.  We both love Indian food and I mean, what red, white, and blue-blooded American doesn't love pizza?  So the fusion of Indian and pizza just seemed like bomb diggity.  Months and months later, we finally managed to lure our friends to join us (we've always had grandiose plans to eat here before, but these plans always seemed to formulate on a Sunday (EDIT:  They are now open on Sundays), when this place is closed!) at Bombay for a Saturday dinner and I could nearly contain my glee.  It was soon to be shattered as during my routine inquiry ("Does this have egg or milk products in it?") I realized this was not the most vegan-happy kind of place.  It is plenty vegetarian friendly - half of the specialty pizzas are vegetarian - hurray.  But the wraps and burgers are all processed with butter.  Props to the counter guy (I assume owner/manger) for fessing up to this and delving into the cooking and baking process of pretty much everything on the menu, hah.  So sigh, I resignedly ordered a side of veggies and fries when the counter guy piped up and suggested I order the Munshi, sans cheese and it would in fact be suitable for my needs.  I resisted, citing it would only be me eating this and a 12 incher would be too much (get your minds out of the gutter!) to which he responded that he would gladly make a 8 inch pizza for me (that's what she said???).  Counter guy/owner/manager guy - you are awesome for caring about lil vegan ole me.  My friends ordered the Gateway to Indian and K. Renee.  The establishment is very much cramped in a small little suite and there is no restroom as far as I could tell.  This place was pretty packed at any given moment on this particular Saturday - quite the vote of confidence.  The servers here are kind of not the most amicable, but it's mostly a self service kind of place, so that's quite all right. So the Munshi, vegan style - freaking yum!  The vegetables were all clearly freshly sauteed (not pre-frozen) and the sauce had a notable spicy Indian flare.  And the crust, oh the crust.  I love thin crust and this stuff was a little bit amazing.  I'm not too sure what exactly it was made of, but it was delightfully crispy, flavorful and peppered with sesame seeds.  I cannot stand thick oily crusts that muffle over tastes of the toppings.  My friends also enjoyed their pizzas, with the exception of my friend who was nostalgic for greasy, oily Pizza Hut pizza.  Apparently it's just not a pizza to him unless you can marvel at the little pools of cheese and pepperoni grease atop the pizza.  The K. Renee did end up having tiny morsels of shrimp shells that my friends would have to spit out every so often, but it did serve as a nice assurance that the shrimp was most likely freshly prepared.A limited assortment of wine and beer is offered here, but I didn't notice too many people here taking advantage of that.  Yes this is pricier than other pizza chains, but it's such a nicely executed fusion idea.  I am slightly bummed that the vegan options are a little bit lacking, but for vegetarians and omnivores - y'all need to get up in this business!  This is more like four stars, but the extra star is for the counter guy/owner's willingness to entertain my inquiries and accommodate me.  He even stopped by the table to make sure I was satisfied with my pizza.  Another plus of these pizza is that since they are so thin-crust and not saturated with grease - you can feasibly eat nearly the whole 12-16" pizza and not slip into a food coma.  Win!
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,5/23/2011,251,713,13,20,15>Do you know how comforting it is to have a cute haircut that you really like?  Do you know how even more comforting it is to have a stylist that you can sit back and trust with your hair, especially when you don't know what to do with your freaking hair?Well, you should.  You should definitely have a hair angel.  (Mine's name is Stacey.)Many moons ago, I used to get my hair cut and styled on a regular basis.  Due to recessionary budgets (I was in junior high and my mom stopped paying for my hair habit) and a stylist who was insistent on giving me a really cute cut, then effing it up by teasing my curly hair so that I looked like li'l Orphan Annie's long lost chestnut-color haired sister, I stopped going.  I spent the beginning of the next decade dying my hair purple with Manic Panic and trimming it myself in true punk rock fashion.  DIY.  Fast forward WELL past that tangent, and you will find me today.  After Stacey did a fantastic job in turning me from a okay-looking lady in an old pink dress from the 80s, into the magnificently-coiffed Yelp prom queen (at the 2010 Yelp prom), I decided I needed a drastic change.  Not from DIY punk hair, but rather from "ho-hum, it's just easier to pull back; it's out of my face" hair.  When my friends kept walking past me at the prom as if they didn't recognize me, then showered me with compliments when they did, it cinched the deal.Stacey really knows what she's doing.  This is a rarity in my book.  I went into Studio 31 about a week ago, exhausted and indecisive from working all day.  I had no idea what I wanted to do with my hair, I just knew that I needed a change.  Badly.  After speaking with me for a few minutes, she had a awesome solution.  One that worked for me, and is very flattering.  It's the perfect length to JUST be able to pull back, but it also lends itself to countless styles.  Oh, I've had my hair this length before.  It's a great length and oh, so 1980s to have a length that allows for your earrings to just peak below, but It's also the easiest cut and style I've ever had.  Curlyish hair, and all I have to do is wash, condition, add some mousse or gel, and go.  That's unheard of in the land of fine and curly hair.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,5/22/2011,343,368,10,15,13>How good? In contention for my last meal on Earth.A thick savory crust containing a magma of juices waiting to burst through from underground.  No, I'm not describing the Earth around the ring of fire but the half pound patty of my burger at Burger Guys.  I've only seen crust like this on perfect steaks, but I never thought to ask "why can't you do this for ground beef as well?"  On top of my succulent patty rested thick strips of bacon, a melted slab of cheese, and a golden fried duck egg.  Sorry, Donald and Daffy but  rest assured your offspring was delicious.  The innards were encased in two billowy toasted toasted buns slathered in avocado.  The guys here don't skimp out on portions.What goes with a perfect burger?  The muscle from Brussels or Belgian Fries.  For my whole life, I believed the only way to get crispy fries was to have them cut thin.  Apparently, the cooks at Burger Guys know how to work miracles.  I guess by twice cooking them you can get that mythical crunch.  Add the element of duck fat and we now have a deity in the form of a golden strand of potato.  Not enough?  tBGs also offers several dipping sauces.  So far, I've tried the homemade Ketchup (sweeeeet), the Tabasco Mash (a little bit of a kick), and the Cilantro Jalapeño Blue Cheese (an awesome twist to regular blue cheese).  I wish I could buy the condiments at HEB so I can use them to douse everything.Even the soda fountain is unique.  Instead of using syrup that you would find in normal coke machines, Burger Guys has a special Imperial Sugar soda pop making contraption.  Here are some the creations: Vanilla Creme, Tangerine bursts, Root Beer, and Cherry Limeade.After talking with Clint, I can tell the workers here and the owner (Jake) have a passion for food and people.  They even told me they're thinking of expanding into the downtown Houston area, so I am just going to throw that rumor out there and give some people a heart attack.  I can't wait to come back and try the Shipley Burger.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,5/21/2011,163,142,5,12,7>PEEPS, please do NOT dump your used vegetable oil in the sink or down the sewer.  C'MON man!Call this place and they will schedule a time to pick it up for you.  They are very reliable and there is no fee for pick up.  They'll even give you a free container to store used vegetable oil for future pick up.. and you get paid for it.  ;)
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2010,5/20/2011,47,254,8,17,9>I almost gave this aquatic center four stars due to cost for non-residents.. and then I immediately realized that doesn't really make sense.Why? I thought you'd never ask.For starters, this pool or pools have a lot to offer.There are lifeguards everywhere, and while some people seem annoyed by their whistle blowing, I feel better knowing the chances of a person or child drowning to death are considerably minimized. The actual pools are super cool, the kiddie area takes up most of the front of the Center, complete with age appropriate slides and water games. THEN I noticed there was a whole other section for grown ups, like real pools with actual depth and diving boards. To add to the convenience of this place, there is a little stand with snow cones, and I think they also sell snacks. Lastly, answering my own question, most neighborhoods have home owner fees, and you pay to use a pool. If you go anywhere for entertainment with your kids, whether dry or wet, a lot of places charge. Nothing new. Unless, of course, you go to a free playground in some park, which is cool.. but who wants to sit there and burn up with their kids under 104 degrees? Not I.The pool has its rules and all, but what neighborhood community pool doesn't? Heck, I recently visited one in Bear Creek that was super lame, not as fun, and the staff was a nightmare. This place has way more reasons to be cocky, and it isn't.Tips: -Don't go "up" slides, the wrong way. Lifeguards will be all over it.-Make sure your tots' floaties are Cost Guard Approved.. you can't use them if they are not.-Take money with you. Unless you can prove residency, there is a charge.
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,5/19/2011,153,176,10,13,11>I haven't written a review in forever and decided that my first one in a long time should be about Juan Mon's. I love sandwiches. I've always said that if I had to eat a certain type of food for the rest of my life it would either be sandwiches or sushi. Today we had brought our lunch to work but when it came to it, I was not feeling what we brought. So, I decided to finally give this place a go. I pass it at least 3-4 times a week. Do not let the decor of this place fool you. It by no means has a sandwich shop feel to it. Also, it's not a deli but a sandwich shop. Hope that makes sense. After looking at the pics and reading the descriptions on the board, I decided on the Santorini but I added ham to it. It's on a nice toasted baguette filled with tomatoes, lettuce, cucumbers, onions, capers, feta cheese and a Mediterranean dressing. Kristen got the San Diego which is bolillo bread filled with beef carne asada, fried red potatoes, Oaxaca cheese, cheddar cheese, sour cream, green salsa, pico de gallo, lime and salt. Both were amazing and it's hard to say which was better. However, I think I liked mine better because it wasn't as hearty as the SD. I think the SD would be perfect for dinner or in some cooler weather. I really hope this place does better than what it looks to be doing. The building might be a problem because it just doesn't look like the most inviting sandwich shop feel to it. But please give this place a shot. One thing that I love the most about this place is you can tell the owner is extremely passionate about sandwiches. He has pics from his travels around the world and in a lot of them, he's eating a sandwich. I'm the same way in that whenever I travel, I have to get a sandwich from that particular region...love them! The best so far was in Bordeaux, France. It was a baguette with just ham, dressing, cheese, tomatoes, and sliced hard boiled eggs...amazing. Sorry, back to the review. Another great thing about Juan Mon's, I noticed that anytime someone left, he asked them how everything was. He's a personal guy who cares and I'm sure if you said something negative, he'd instantly fix it. Please go here. Help this guy out because the food is incredible and you can tell he puts all that he can into the product. I gurantee you won't be disappointed.I did read a review someone did saying the prices were too high. Are you kidding me?! The guy uses quality items and I'd gladly pay more than what I did. If you want cheaper sandwiches, go to Subway. $6 for a huge sandwich that'll fill you up is not that expensive considering what quality you're getting. Alright, I'm done and now to slip into my food coma.Alright, I'm a bit rusty with my writing reviews and so this might not be my best. I just hope more people give this place a shot and I know for a fact I'll be visiting Juan Mon's more in the nearby future.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,5/18/2011,153,144,7,11,13>For my 100th Yelp review, I thought I'd put in a good word for my favorite Banh Mi restaurant in Houston!They are located in the same shopping center as Don's...but are so much better!  So just drive past Don's and behind it you'll find Givral Hoang.The prices here are comparable to the competition, BUT they accept credit cards which is definitely convenient.  They also offer free wifi.Why is Givral Hoang my favorite? -- They offer the perfect combination of amount of meat and veggies in their sandwiches.  All ingredients are fresh, and the French bread they use is crisp on the outside but soft on the inside!  I've tried the grilled pork sandwich and the special; both are amazing!  For an extra treat, try adding a fried egg on top!  In addition to their sandwiches, they've expanded their menu to include other popular Vietnamese dishes (pho, rice dishes, tapioca desserts).With their buy 5 sandwiches, get the 6th free deal going on...I may have to drop by tomorrow and stock up on my lunches for the week, and you should too!
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2010,5/17/2011,105,95,8,12,11>There aren't many small/local restaurants in Houston(Heights) that stay open late. Who wants to work past 5 or 6??? I definitely wouldn't. Pie in the Sky Pie Company breaks that mold by having hours from 7am to 10pm.Although the name suggests otherwise, they serve more than just pie. They serve breakfast and lunch/dinner. The lunch/dinner menu offers salads, wraps, sandwiches, burgers, etc. And of course, pies. All pies are served à la mode or with whipped cream (or both). For my main course, I ordered the Pecan Pie with vanilla ice cream. For dessert, I ordered Strawberry Rhubarb, also with ice cream. Both pies were served warm and had just the right amount of filling. Overall, I thought the pies were good. The price was a little over 8 dollars for the two pies.I'm not sure if the AC was broken, but it was hot inside the restaurant. Also, because of our large group (10 people), there was some confusion with the bill. This was sorted out fairly quickly so it wasn't really much of a problem. I will definitely be going back to try some of the others pies that they offer.
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,5/16/2011,305,198,15,15,14>Oh God, what I do for good food.Talk about the wrong side of the tracks. It was Father/Daughter day and I wanted to go out and do something different. My dad is very anti-downtown and I wanted to show him just how cool downtown can be. Having never frequented The Flying Saucer before, I was determined that daddy and I were going to get our drink on together, but not before chowing down on some fancy dogs.I came because of the hype on Yelp, and Yelp, you did not let me down! However, I was extremely unsure when we quite literally crossed the train tracks and entered a whole new world. My father began to freak out in the passengers seat and while making sure the doors were locked, looked at me and screamed, "Why didn't you tell me I should bring my gun!?"Yeah, we live in Katy which is a fairly nice area and dad's got a CHL.I pull up to Moon Tower Inn and my dad and I both have a, "Is this really it?" reaction, but Yelp promised me an exotic dog experience and gosh darn-it, I did not drive 45 minutes to give up just then. So my dad and I walk up and order... he went with buffalo dogs and I got some pheasant.Now here is what really did me in. I have a buddy from Portland that goes on and on about Rogue beer. To my pleasant surprise, I see a bottle of Rogue John John Ale on display and it was a no brainer. As much as my buddy raved about the beer, we were going to try it. Moon Tower Inn may not have a wide selection of beer, but daaang, what they have is good.So dad and I finally sat down with our dogs and he felt a lot more comfortable once other patrons began to arrive. The pheasant wasn't quite so substantial(flavor was good, but I think some of the other options are better, plus I hadn't eaten all day and I could have used another) but papa was very happy with his buffalo. He is still talking about it and that was 3 days ago.He has the memory span of a gold fish, so that should tell you guys something.
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,5/15/2011,117,159,19,24,17>You know sometimes you make decisions not knowing exactly what the hell you are getting yourself into. When I heard the word "boot camp" at work one day I made sure to walk the opposite direction and stay as far away from that person as possible for a while. Because in my head I pictured some guy in a drill Sargent's hat yelling in my face, rolling around in the mud, bullets flying over my head, and a lot of lost lunches (far fetched I know but the word boot camp sounds really SCARY!) So I began to notice all of these people I was avoiding at work looking really really good: tone, buffed, slimmer, in overall better shape. So after my girlfriend went a couple times to test out the waters for me. (don't hate!) I decided to go give a couple sessions a try, I had weight goals in mind that I never thought would be possible and had nothing too lose. (except maybe my lunch) The first day of boot camp was a little rough, as it is for many. I made it through with having to take any extra breaks but only barely. But the one thing that I remember the most from my first day was the support that got from not only Chris Green the trainer but the constant encouragement from rest of the group. Typically the workout groups is about 8-12 people and every session feels like you are working out with a family. There is no hostility or negative competition, just people who have all sorts of goals and a group of people who want you to achieve your goals. From the first workout, Chris Green is right there in your corner with his constant unwavering support. From the beginning I felt as if I had entered a whole new world of exercise, a world of real results. Each session last 1 hour and consist of either an upper body, lower body, or full body workout. Also, each work out consist of a healthy amount of cardio and abdominal exercises. Each session last 6 weeks with a possible 3 sessions per week, depending on how many days you sign up for. After each session you feel as if you have just accomplished something great. You have taken a step towards that goal that you never thought possible despite feeling completely exhausted but that good exhausted, the type that leaves you wanting more. As the six week session progresses, you begin to gain stamina and confidence. You begin to look forward to working out and begin to learn more about yourself mentally and physically. Once I discovered the vice that truly gets in the way of my weight loss goals, I began to see weight and inches drop of of my body. In one session,  I lost 12lbs and 10 inches off of my body and have lost a total of 40 lbs since I started boot camp and I have not been at this weight since the beginning of high school. Mean Green Training Boot Camp has changed my life and I know that I can continue to achieve my goals with my hard work and the support of those at boot camp. Boot camp has been a life changing experience and I am now one of those people who gets the compliments about how great I look. I still have goals for myself and believe that I can achieve everyone through mean green training. I have truly learned new life skills to maintain a healthy lifestyle and maintain the goals that I have accomplished. So I encourage you to come on out and work towards a new healthy lifestyle.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2010,5/14/2011,112,84,10,9,10>Houston's own Creole-kitchen made it just in time to kick-off the homecoming weekend for Praire View A&M University-2010! I knew it! I knew it! I knew it!-- Is what I have been telling my friends and colleagues. Frenchy's took over two Dallas famed, Williams Chicken locations on the North side of Houston. I just knew that it was only a matter of time that Frenchy's would "cease the opportunity" in Pantherland! Smart-move! The NEW location lines are wrapped around the building like they was giving away the chicken.. (Where mine at!?!?!) Just like the Scott, St. location, you can expect freshly fried chicken to melt in your mouth along with their famous dirty rice and bread pudding. The classrooms smelled like chicken & jalapenos on the friday it opened! Please take a dose of patience when you get into the line, because the line can get long around lunch time/dinner time, ESPECIALLY when all the professors and commuter-students are headed home. if you haven't tried Frenchy's, you need to! I guarantee the Food-ITIS  with this one!
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2010,5/13/2011,40,160,3,10,7>I just went to brunch here.   MMMMM.  Still dreaming.The restaurant is on the corner of Post Oak and S. Shepherd.  A pretty ritzy neighborhood, as evidenced by the Rolls Royce and the Lamborhini outside.  A second floor restaurant with an elevator by the complimentary valet, it remains to be seen if the allure of a Cordua Restaurant will overcome the curse of failure that accompanies second floor restaurants.Upon arrival on the second floor, you walk a long hallway past the bar to the hostess stand.   Beyond this, the restaurant is a fantasy of red, brown and black.  Richly toned and textured, the chairs are made of a dark solid black wood with a tan leather top and the handsome wood tables accent the rooms.(Pause for nap.  Lunch overload)I do not like buffet meals, which is how their brunch is served; instead, we asked to order off of the regular menu and they quickly accomodated.I ordered the Soft Shelled Crispy Crawfish Taquitos and the Shrimp Bisque as an entree.   The taquitos came two to an order and were on miniature homemade flour tortillas and topped with one softshelled crawfish, shredded cabbage garnish (like a fish taco), but the cabbage had been dressed with a little sesame oil and hoisin sauce.  It was like a party going on in my mouth!  Could have used a little chili, but then, what couldn't?The Soup (Chupe de Longosta) was simply spectacular.  A LARGE hot bowl is placed in front of you, filled with charred corn, very finely diced raw octopus, shrimp and smoked crab claws and then the waiter pours a very hot and rich bisque into the bowl, immediately cooking the octopus and warming the corn and other seafood.  This large bowl is $14.00 and can easily serve as a meal.  It might be the best soup in the city.We skipped the desserts - the famous tres leches, the key lime parfait served in an oversized brandy snifter - and simply ordered espressos.  And a plate of the little tiny, sinfully rich alefores - Argentine butter/shortbread cookies filled with dulce de leche - a rich cajeta/caramel.  Whatever you do, don't leave without sampling 1 (or 10) of these little gems.******************Note, since I began this review (from the time of the Big Nap), I have returned 3 times and all 3 times, I can't be coaxed from having the soup.  It is really that good.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2011,5/12/2011,439,285,13,16,13>A prerequisite :  if you are Lactose Intolerant, don't even bother.  This is Cheese and Mac.  About 3/4th's cheese and 1/4 mac!  Read no more.  But if you're into Mac/Cheese or Cheese/Mac, read on!Oh Jus' Mac:   a 2 star or a 5 star status?? -- let me try to explain.The food is GOOD!  Very good!  So much so, its almost TOO rich!  That creamy bowl of macaroni and cheese, along with the "extras" you might have ordered is rock on awesome!  That skillet full of goodies smells, tastes and even FEELS awesome!  Totally 5 stars!!Until you eat it.  Then you eat more.  Then more.  Then your stomach is like:  Too Much Want!!  Its lacking something, and I can't tell what that something is!  I only ate half my Mac Burger -- its just too rich!  And because it contains so much cheese and noodles, etc, its just.. well -- too much!  maybe Tabasco would help?  Something.That little skillet of mac/cheese is deceivingly deep -- and it looks tiny.  Just try and eat it -- you, well, for most people, you can't.  Its too rich.  I wondered why people were getting "to go" containers for such a small dish!  Then I knew why.  This is 2 or 3 meals.I made it through half my skillet before giving up -- and it sat in my tummy later like a rock :(   Hence the 2 stars.  It was probably 12 million calories.  Or so it felt.I love this concept!  And I love the location -- save for the parking situation, its awesome.  I *LOVE* the outdoor "deck" area -- but you need to accommodate more than 12 cars.  Everyone owns a car, save for a lucky few who use mass transit.I'll be back, for sure.  If not, just to try some of your other creations.  But I know I'll be getting a "to go " container because its just too much :(
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,5/11/2011,151,656,4,12,12>Everyone says it, and it's true: CALL AHEAD. (Thanks, Jeffrey C.!) Friday night, about 6:15. I'm thinking, oh whatever. It doesn't matter. I won't call. Then, I decide to change my mind for some reason... I ask the lady "Do you have any meat left?". She gives me a puzzled-sounding response... yes... Oh, okay. (places order). "Your order will be ready at 6:45." Okay.Get there a few minutes before 7pm. Just as we walk in, two things happen:1. The people in front of us are told that they are sold out of everything except brisket and some sausage. The group in front is visibly upset and decides to leave.1. The lady comes behind us and closes the door. They are pretty much done for the night, so the place is now closed. Even though the sign outside says 9pm.I start to panic. Oh my gosh. We're late. What if they gave our order to someone else?! I ask, and they grab a large brown bag of goods. PHEW. Not only did we barely miss today's closing, but by calling ahead, we got food, and the people ahead of us didn't get food. I can't tell you how many people drove up to find out the place was closed, and how sad they looked.We got the pulled pork, turkey, brisket, and ribs. The pulled pork and turkey were the best. Nice and tender. The brisket was a little disappointing. They were fatty and didn't really break off into slivers. It was a little dense and chewy. The BBQ was so good! It was tangy and had a strong vinegar taste, with a good kick. The sides were fine. Cole slaw was really light, which I actually really enjoyed. The baked beans tasted like Bush's, which also isn't a bad thing. Wasn't a fan of the Ranch-style beans. And the potato salad was pretty much mashed potatoes with not a lot of flavoring. They gave us plenty of bread- it's regular thin-slices white bread. Service was fantastic! We were eating even though they were closed. We sat outside, and the lady came out a few times to check on us. She also told us she wouldn't lock the front door so we could come in and get whatever we needed. I would have given five stars, but our food was warm (not hot) when we got it. Our fault, since we came at 7, instead of 6:45. But I'll save that last star for when we come back.Highlights:Come early.Call in your order.Order a lot of food and share (it's not expensive!).BYOB! Only if you sit outside.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,5/10/2011,152,200,4,15,11>What's not to love??1. It's free2. Laid back crowd3. BYO food & drink4. Dog friendly5. Located right in the middle of beautiful Hermann parkParking is available all around the hill- the zoo, the gardens, the science museum. If you don't have any luck finding a free spot, there's room in one of the parking garages.We really are lucky to have access to this venue- it's free, It's close, convenient, and makes a fun night out. I consider this place to be one of Houston's gems. Perfect for everyone, really.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,5/9/2011,103,89,7,9,10>I work with the pickiest eater on the face of the planet, so when we go out for an office lunch, my diplomatic boss usually lets her choose the restaurant. She is in love with Cylone's, so that's where we went.Yay. Trendy wannabe TexMex. I was not enthused.I was proven wrong though, I actually liked it! The atmosphere was trendy, which I don't mind. Good place for a date or pre-drinking before a club. Since it was a working lunch, no alcohol so can't comment on the drinks.Food was great though. The queso was delish! I don't usually care for queso, but this was so good I almost licked the bowl clean. I had the Wednesday special for my lunch. Half an avocado with lump crab stuffing, then beer battered and deep fried. It came on a bed of salsa and spring mix, then drizzled with a creamy cilantro sauce.  Wow, this was impressive. I would absolutely order it again and at $10, it was a bargain! Most dinner entrees were a very reasonable $10-$20.Service was good too. We had a friendly waiter who made some great recommendations for the table and kept our drinks filled at all times. Maybe I liked Cyclone's because I went with low expectations. Or maybe they are actually good. Either way, I'm looking forward to coming back and finding out.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2010,5/8/2011,160,218,10,7,7>A burrito, is a burrito, is a burrito. Not the case here. Chipotle, obviously, the burrito counterpart of McDonalds has got nothing on Mission burrito. Besides the free tortilla chips and salsa the burritos are bomb. There are 4 flavors of tortillas. I suggest the spicy orange one. Chicken, rice, black beans, and all the other fillings make this place my new favorite burrito spot. Its awesome. Go eat here and be happy I suggested it to you. By the way, lots of Jesus stuff inside. Sorta weird.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,5/7/2011,447,558,3,14,13>After 6 stays, I feel comfortable saying this is the best hotel I've ever tried.  Period.  And I stay in hotels ALL THE TIME. If I'm willing to forgo my Hilton Honors or Marriott Rewards to stay at a boutique property, you can trust that the place is spectacular.  The lobby looks like something out of a movie: gorgeous chandeliers, dark marble floors and countertops, modern stylish furnishing, neat water features, and Hollywood themed artwork. The staff remembers guests' names and preferences.  As a loyalty member, I got a bottle of wine welcoming me to my room and a box of Junior Mints on my pillow at turndown. Little details, like a candle being lit on the nightstand, or a note being left on the desk, make the hotel welcoming and personal. I found the the bed and the chairs new and extremely comfortable, so I can rest well and be productive on my trips. If your trip focuses on pleasure rather than business, the Zaza location will work well.  Adjacent to the Museum of Fine Arts, walking distance from Hermann Park and the Museum of Natural Science, and a quick drive to the Menil Collection and Rothko Chapel, Zaza offers easy access to some of the best cultural experiences Houston has to offer. The hotel shuttle can drop you off at one of the many great local restaurants nearby as well.  A drive up Montrose will offer dozens of great dining options just moments from the hotel.If you choose to dine at Zaza, the Monarch's breakfast menu won't dissapoint (I haven't had any other meals there).  I've ordered an egg white frittata, a breakfast sandwich, and a prime beef omelet, all of which exceeded my expectations and cost less than $15. This time, because of a special rate package, I got $50 worth of breakfast, as well as valet parking, for free.This hotel features not only stylish, luxurious appointments and a great location, but also a surprisingly good value.  I have never paid over $180 for a room.  And if you check out the specials, the spa also offers  affordable luxury. For instance--$89 for a manicure, pedicure and 25 minute massage. Seriously, Zaza can't be beat.
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,5/5/2011,46,102,8,10,10>It's in a little shopping plaza. Do I get to call it a dive bar? I believe it's owned by an asian couple. Or maybe they just manage the place. Either way, the staff is WAY friendly. they even bought our group a round of their special shot. They had Karaoke on the night that we were there. It was the middle of the week, Tues or maybe Wed. Their drink prices are great. My bill was about half what I was expecting, considering the amount of alcohol we bought.Can I talk about their porkchops? Wow. A Fellow Yelper pronounced, "The secret ingredient.... is CRACK!" It might as well be. Call and ask when they're making them, then hurry on over and try some. I could almost swear they marinate or cook it in shrimp paste or something indescribable, yet oh-so-delicious.
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2010,5/4/2011,43,46,25,18,11>I love and hate this place. I love it because it's full of so much random Japanese crap (an egg mold that squishes your hard boiled eggs into teddy bears and bunnies? why the hell not?)...I hate it because you feel the compulsion to buy random Japanese crap. In large amounts.The staff greets you in Japanese when you enter the store. Actually, they kinda scream it at you. It's actually kinda startling. And they holler thank you to you in Japanese when you exit too. Again, pretty freakin' startling. Nowadays I brace for it when I walk in and out of the store.You'll definitely want to put aside some time when you shop here, because you'll be running around like a kid with ADD surrounded by lots of bright and shiny things. The items here range from cool to just plain bizarre, and prices range from $2-5, which is the perfect recipe for LOTS of impulse buys. Be forewarned that you'll feel kind of a "morning after" phenomenon when you walk out. This feeling is compounded by the fact that Fit doesn't allow returns or exchanges. You end up wondering to yourself "Why did I just buy that pair of chopsticks? And why did I feel the need to buy a separate matching little case just for those damn chopsticks?" "Do I REALLY need my hard boiled eggs to look like little teddy bears and bunnies?" "Why the hell did I buy a goofy penguin-shaped jar opener when a damp towel would have worked just fine??" Eventually you just kinda shrug and go home opening jars with a stupid looking penguin and eat your bunny-shaped eggs with your oh-so-pretty pair of chopsticks to justify it all. One way or another it makes for a pretty awesome shopping experience. :)
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,5/3/2011,27,55,15,6,9>The Hobbit Cafe is one of my favorite restaurants in the whole wide world and if it were a person I'd want a million autographed pictures of it.  First and foremost, for my fellow nerds and our counterparts, hippies, the Hobbit Cafe is pretty much the greatest date place in the world for people like us to screen potential paramours.  Here's how it goes:YOU:"Hey, wanna check out this great place called the Hobbit Cafe?"DATE:"I dunno, that sounds kind of nerdy.  How about Applebee's?"YOU:"You're really a great person, and in another world it could have worked out, but I don't know if I'm in a place right now where I can be with someone...."The ambiance is pretty awesome.  It's nerd-rustic, with wooden tables made with REAL WOOD and pictures of Gandalf all up in that piece.  Romantical candles, mood lighting, quiet environment--it's all pretty great.But let's be real, people go to the place to eat, not to look at the walls.  How's the food?  It's amazing.  Looking for something indulgent?  Try the shrimp rolls or a burger with sweet potato fries.  Looking for something healthy?  Grab a salad, any of the fish specials, or a Valinor with tofu.  Looking for something in between?  Get the Hobbit Wrap.  I love the Hobbit Wrap so much that I would ask it out but know I'd get rejected because it's out of my league.  Get it with brown rice and the curry chicken salad and discover what it's like to fall in love all over again.But if you're there on a date, try not to make too many eyes at your wrap.  It's not a good way to get a second date.  Speaking from experience here.
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,5/2/2011,172,149,23,14,14>Dear lord this place has some fantastic baked goods.  I haven't even experienced everything there yet (and I'm not sure how realistic that is, anyway) and I still feel like I can safely say its the best Mexican bakery I've ever been to.  Problem is, EVERYTHING in this place looks/is delicious.  Seriously, everything.  If you're unfamiliar with the layout and flow, let me explain:  You get one of the big silver trays and a pair of tongs.  Then you walk around the cases on the outside of the room and go clinically buckwild grabbing one of everything that looks tasty.  You will notice that there are no prices or names listed on anything and I must assure you it is not a problem.  One shameful time I filled up two trays while assuring myself I'd take most of it to work to share with people (I did no such thing) and the grand total was a little over 6 dollars.  We're talking the equivalent of what would be 2-3 dozen donuts at any other big name donut place.  So really, throw caution to the wind and go nuts.The best things are (pardon my gringoisms):  the pig looking thing with the sweet potato stuff in it, the round conchas (chocolate rules), !!!CHURROS!!!, the fruit empanadas (I hope that's correct), and the thing that looks like an ice cream cone filled with creamy awesomeness.  I usually end up eating the pig things like a woodchipper and inevitably piss off whoever I'm riding with as I get the pastry shrapnel everywhere.  I have to stop writing this review because I'm getting pretty upset that this place is on the other side of town.  Go there now.
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,5/1/2011,151,258,10,13,11>I decided to make a reservation here to celebrate a birthday after reading all the reviews. Yes, I read all 123 reviews. If you wrote one, I read it.So on a Friday night, running 10 minutes late, we valeted & after opening the obscenely heavy door, we were seated almost immediately. Thank you Hugos for not cancelling my reservation since the place was packed!I wasnt a huge fan of the decor or the fact that I felt a bit claustrophobic since there were people everywhere but the food? I was definitely happy with the food. Our waiter suggested the quesadillas to start and I ended up choosing the Callo de Hacha (scallops over sweet corn bread) after reading so many reviews about it. The birthday boy went with the Lamb Special. Even though I was feeling a bit nauseous from taking antibiotics, the scallops and the cornbread were so good I ate the entire thing. I didnt get to try the lamb but it was gone within minutes along w/ the margarita that he ordered. (a good sign!) For dessert, instead of sharing one dessert like normal non-fat*ss people, we decided to each get one. By this time I was feeling not only a bit nauseous but also really full but I really wanted to try the churros dessert everyone wrote about. We ordered the churros and mexican bread pudding and both were fantastic. The service was excellent and our glasses were never even half empty for very long. One of my favorite meals in Houston!
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,4/29/2011,273,77,4,9,7>If you're throwing a massive party this place should be your first stop!I decided to host NYE sporadically at my then boyfriend's place without really having consulted him first, hey everyone likes a party right?!  But once word gets out that you "might be" throwing a party for NYE you can't really back-out, the party must go on!  I knew there was only one place to go for party hats, balloons, decorations, plastic ware, paper plates, plastic champagne flutes, etc.We got there right as they opened on NYE day and boy were they stocked with New Years themed STUFF.  There were paper plates and napkins in every possible color out there!  Party hats, noisemakers, glitter and balloons game in a nifty pack that didn't cost me much at all.  We even purchased a 15 dollar crockpot in which we made the all time party favorite - queso, as well as a punch bowl for a deadly punch!  Cheap table decorations, streamers, doorway decorations, we got it all without breaking the bank.The store is a bit daunting, 2 stories of STUFF.  For example if I were a teacher and had to decorate my classroom with let's say an MLK silhouette, they have it!  The workers are excellent and very helpful.  I can't wait to go back and plan another rager, which NYE turned out to be! Thanks Arne's!
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,4/28/2011,37,172,36,80,48>As I was riding the elevator in the MIX building to 24 Hour Fitness Midtown, I noticed these little Urban Oasis Day Spa booklets in a holder in the elevator that said 40% off.  I grabbed one and when I got home that evening, took a look through it.  The spa services offered and prices seemed really good at regular price but what was this 40% I saw advertised in the elevator?  I gave them a call and asked about it.  The promotion was that you get 40% off everything your first time visit, including gift cards and products.  WOW!  I booked a spa package that included a one hour massage and one hour facila.  Since I was getting 40% off the first time, I booked another spa package for my husband.  We were excited!The spa is located on Lousiana and Elgin in the MIX building in Midtown.  My husband and I arrived 30 minutes prior to our appointment to sign the waivers and put on our robes.  Service from the get-go was awesome as everyone offered us water and kept asking if we needed anything.  Then we were led to our separate rooms.  I think they do couples massages too but I rather like having my own time in my own room.  My massage was a deep tissue massage and I quickly fell asleep as I was so relaxed.  I like how the massage therapist, Jonathan, asked me what areas he should focus on more.  That was great cause I needed extra massage time on my shoulders and legs.  After I woke up from my massage, it was facial time.  Barbara did my facial and she took alot of time to get to know my skin and cleansing routines.  She gave me alot of advice and answered all my questions.  The spa uses Dermologica products, which I never used before but heard was expensive.  I figured since I had 40% off everything for my first visit, I asked Barbara to show me some products for my skin.  After my facial, I was educated on what I needed for my skin type.  She even wrote out a skin regime for me!  I was stoked to get such a discount on all the products and services.  The total for the two spa packages, brow and nose hair wax for hubby, and five Dermologica products including a travel sized prodcuts travel kit for my work travel came to a total of $350.  Wow.  That's not bad at all for all the stuff we got done and the stuff I bought.  This is a great spa and so conveniently located in Midtown.  Parking is available on the street and in the MIX building parking garage.  Definitely go check out Urban Oasis Day Spa and remember to book alot of stuff your first visit to take advantage of the great discount!
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2010,4/27/2011,29,177,6,11,6>The BF picked this place out and it was great!!!  In fact, I am noticing that when he picks a restaurant it is good and when I pick it is hit or miss.....I ordered the Special A platter which came with Fried Yucca (and some fried pork), a chicken or corn tamale--I opted for the corn, and 2 pupusas--I had the Loroco/Cheese (Salvadorian exotic veggie & cheese) and the Revueltas (pork & cheese).Pupusas came with cabbage and some kind of really good red sauce.I didn't much care for the Loroco pupusas as it didn't have much flavor, but the Pork was EXCELLENT!Fried Yucca--Meh, not so much.  It was like a French fry and the pork was really tough.  But the Corn tamale was great!I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch, and am already planning on when I am coming back and what I am going to eat!!!  :-D
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,4/26/2011,73,202,7,16,12>Last Friday night's date night was on a serious downward slope after an aggravating happy hour at Vinoteca Quattro where we could not seem to procure any food, not even a dish of olives, over a 45 minute period.  We left there and headed over to the Hearsay Gastro Lounge where conversely, we had an excellent time, great food and received outstanding service. Nothing at Hearsay Gastro Lounge was too much trouble. I called to reserve a table for 2 and even though they only take reservations for tables of 6 or more, the Manager kindly reserved the best table next to the window for us. When we arrived, the Manager greeted us and our waitress soon came along to take our drink order. We ordered the cheese plate to start which came with generous slabs of brie, gorgonzola and aged cheddar nicely complimented by slices of fresh strawberries, kiwi, apples and oranges.  Next, I had the warm baked Goat Cheese Salad which was served with roasted almonds, chunks of apple and a zesty sun-dried tomato vinaigrette. My husband had a large bowl of their Minestrone Soup which he said was perfect.  Another example of their excellent service was when I asked for some bread to eat along with my salad. Our waitress said that they didn't customarily serve bread but that she would be happy to bring some complimentary slices of their ciabatta bread which they use for their sandwiches. The bread quickly arrived which was delicious and warm.As other reviewers have noted, the atmosphere at Hearsay Gastro Lounge is extremely cool. The exposed brick walls reach up three floors and it has an open air atrium feel since all three levels are open. The lighting was dark and sexy, and there was good mix of ambient music playing in the background. Honestly, it felt like we were in San Francisco or maybe in the Tribeca area of NYC. Hearsay Gastro Lounge nailed it on every level and I am definitely planning to return!
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2010,4/25/2011,2,225,4,12,8>FINALLY a tea shop in Sharpstown that sells hot tea not just bubble tea! We had planned to head to FuFu tonight, but the line was out the door at both locations, and we noticed this spot had opened so we decided to give it a shot. I am so glad we did. First, the pot of pu-erh was really good. And I'm looking forward to working my way through the rest of their very comprehensive selection of hot teas.Second, the scallion pancake was very tasty and not the slightest bit greasy. Although I do wish there had been more of it, but the price was very modest so that's not really a stroke against so much as just a comment on how much I was enjoying eat it. Third, the sesame noodles were amazing. Lots of sesame paste and fresh veggies along with soft, fresh noodles. Really excellent. Tangentially, there was also mushroom "ramen" which was actually more of a mushroom udon, which Liz had, and I just tasted. I'm not big on mushrooms, and this had several varieties. It seemed like a very good dish. Service was very friendly and attentive. The decor was _GORGEOUS_. I would highly recommend stopping in here any opportunity you get.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2011,4/24/2011,216,95,3,20,12>I thought I'd start out 2011 by reviewing an independently-owned business in the good old Montrose area.  I had the address but almost missed it!  There is not a sign that is visible from the street.  Dharma is located on the left portion of a duplex on the north side of Welch.  I knew of Lindsay when she was located at Dot Dot Salon, but, at the time, I was going to Chrysalis for my facials.  Lately I have been in flux about Chrysalis so I decided to give Dharma a try.  I booked the Indulge Facial, and, before we began, Lindsay gave me a detailed description of what I could expect.  A couple of steps were invigorating and quite potent so it was nice to have the heads-up.  She uses Source Vital products which are based right here in Houston.  They have a holistic  philosophy and create products using algae powders, seaweed, plant extracts, and pure essential oils.  Also they are not tested on animals.The great advantage to getting the Indulge Facial is that there is a neck, back, and foot massage included!  I am used to getting deep tissue massages which are therapeutic but not relaxing.  So when I found myself almost in dream land when Lindsay softly tells me my facial is over, it took me a minute or two to come back to reality.  Next time just let me sleep.  ;PKudos to a great Houston business!
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,4/23/2011,116,293,2,11,13>Fung's Kitchen... definitely a restaurant I'd categorize as "an oldie but still goodie" and a "Houston gem". I remember coming here when I first moved to Houston in 1993. It was good then, it's still good now. It's also a restaurant I like to take non Chinese folks to eat real Chinese food that's not too Chinese (if that makes sense). You can pretty much find the traditional stuff on their menu. Some of my favorite dishes here: sweet corn soup, Peking duck, steamed fish, and sizzling black pepper beef. *(And you don't even have to order Peking duck ahead of time)*It's also a great place for dim sum, especially in large groups. While it can't rival the dim sum places in LA or SF, it's been consistently good and offers quite a variety.Parking during busy dim sum hours can be crazy so come early!
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,4/22/2011,92,206,9,16,7>Shiver me timbers! When my buddy said he had a Restaurant.com voucher he wanted to use here, I wasn't too excited. Most of the restaurants I'd seen and visited with the Restaurant.com vouchers were sub-par and there was usually a reason why they couldn't get people through the door without deeply discounting their food. My doubts were completely unfounded- Joyce's blew me away! The calamari was fresh and crispy, and cooked just right without being super oily. The lobster and shrimp enchiladas were so damn tasty that I was waiting for my friend to turn around so I could snatch another bite off his plate! "Dude, check that out that chick that just walked in," (he turns around), SNATCH!My pasta had crawfish and mutant sized shrimp mixed in it. I'm a big strong man and I love me some big strong shrimp! The pasta itself was good although the sauce was a bit runny for me. The Key Lime pie was excellent, but the bread pudding was phenomenal! Creamy, gooey, crunchy, HOT, and just the right amount of sweetness. Is it weird that I was licking the dish that it came in?It's clear that the staff here genuinely care about your dining experience. When the owner of the restaurant is walking around refilling iced tea, you know you're going to be well taken care of. She stands on the floor and watches everything that's going down, like a hawk. Other restaurants could learn a lot watching the way this establishment is managed. I was blown away with the warmth of the vibe here and it seemed like half the restaurant knew the owner by name. Smiles and hugs all around, it was something rarely seen in this city anymore. My new favorite seafood restaurant in Houston, coupon or not.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2011,4/21/2011,364,610,7,9,8>I like eating local, locally owned in this case.  I've been on a tear lately to support non-chain eating establishments.  You know, the places where soups don't come in giant 5 gallon bags, where the desserts are not shipped in from their giant bakery production house, where you might just become a regular because it's part of the community.  T-Bone Tom's is one of those places.We had been driving by TB Tom's for a while, when down in the area doing our usual goofing off.  We usually would say "we need to eat there one day" and then go eat seafood somewhere else.  After seeing TB Tom's on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives one day, we decided our "someday" would be that day.  We have been a couple more times and have enjoyed each trip.  Service wise, we have never had an issue.  Service is prompt and personable.  We don't have to ask for refills and the food is served hot and delectable.  Decor wise, well, let's just say that there is no mistaking it for a locally owned Texas joint.  Not saying it's bad, but you've seen it before.Let me start off the menu discussion by saying that you at least have to TRY the Armadillo eggs.  These blew Guy away and it's easy to see why.  For one, they're HUMONGOUS.  And, they really taste good.  The pepper and cheese combination cannot be beaten.  For those of you who have delicate mouths, please be warned, they contain ---JALPENOS!  As for other items we've had, well, the steaks are good.  They're not big, posh, leather seating-coat and tie wearing-steak house quality, but they are tasty.  The seasonings they use really wakes up the meat and makes them a good gnosh.  The chicken fried steak is real chicken fried steak.  It's not some crazy cutlet out of a freezer box, as far as I can tell.  The gravy is good too.  The pork chops were really nice.  I think that's my favorite grilled meat that they have.  Once, I even had their steak finger basket.  I was feeling nostalgic.  It was very tasty.  I especially enjoy dunking the fingers into the gravy.  I get extra gravy.  Did I mention that I like gravy?  Anyway, They also have brisket, sausage, and other smoked meats.  We really have not made it to that part of the menu yet.  I'll have to come back with an updated review on that as well as their burgers.  The sides at Tom's are sides.  I really can't say that anything is spectacular, but they are solid sides that I have happily gnoshed.  Lastly, I have never had room for their dessert, so I will have to get back to you on that as well. Gee, sounds like I need to make a few more trips to T-Bone Tom's.  I think I will do just that!
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,4/20/2011,117,256,10,9,8>I'm upping this bad boy to 5 stars, because they have one of my favorite things to eat in this entire city.... no, really of all time. And I would not have tried it if it weren't for the staff recommendation, because it doesn't sound so awesome. It's the green bean- hummus wrap. (Have I got you wondering "green beans? really?")I cannot explain this thing. I don't even like green beans that much (or really ever eat them otherwise). But this... this wrap is so good it hurts me. I don't even want to talk while eating it. And to be able to then go next door and get tea? I'm in paradise in that little strip mall. Plus, last night when we were there, it had one of the most diverse crowds I've yet seen at a Houston establishment. We were next to a table of Houston police officers, chowing down on vegan nommage. Yes, I wrote nommage and I'm over the age of 30. Please forgive. I should eat here weekly. It's kind of expensive, but so worth it. I don't enjoy my food half as much at far more pricey joints. *swoon*
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2010,4/19/2011,159,62,11,11,12>Carrot Cake, German Chocolate, and Bayou Goo.My 3 favorites at House Of Pies. The food is so-so but I want to review this place for what it is named after....It's awesome home made pies and cakes. The food is very inexpensive as are the slices of pie or cake. Personal small pies are available and the Pecan Pie is prettty awesome. Add vanilla ice cream on anything too, Unless you SCURRRRED.You get what you pay for here, it's nothing fancy inside and its a bigtime late night hang out for the A.M. scene and can get crowded.I like to swing by and order my sweets to go for after a good home cooked dinner when I don't feel up to cooking both. Be sure and tell em' Large Marge sent you!
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2010,4/18/2011,419,749,21,21,20>Pssst!  Hey, kid!  Don't be skeered, but what I'm gonna say is gonna blow your socks off, so you should probably be in an upright sitting position with your tray tables locked.  Brace yourself...okay...GO.In ordering food from Niko Niko's for so many years, I've got the process down to a science.  I'm sharing my system with you, but only if you keep it between us.  *sssh*  First protip: call ahead.  You'll be greeted by a jolly Greek man shouting "YIASSOU!".  If you get put on hold, that's all the better, because you may be able to hear him sing (off-key) "All we are saying is, 'give Greece a chance'."Second protip: if you're ordering for two, skip your urge to get two separate meals.  Share, because these puppies have big paws.  Just order an additional side if you're looking to carbo-load.  My order for me and the BF goes thusly: "One gyro plate (with potatoes), side of rice, extra tzatziki and two extra pita."  The damage?  Around 15 smackers for two.  Not half-damn-bad.Protip numero TRES: instead of chewing your nails off in the parking lot, turn early onto Missouri, straight into the VIP parking for takeout customers.  There are the equivalent of three spaces of street parking (unless someone parks like an asshole, which is altogether too common in Montrose).Protip the Fourth: When you walk in, you can parade right past those plebes in line because you were smart enough to call ahead.  You got this sheeyat under CONTROL.  Your order will be hot-n-ready, waiting for you, calling your name (unless, like me, you're named "Danielle" and someone has filed your order under "Daniel".  Happens WAY too much).  All you gotta do is pay up and it's yours, babycakes.*clears throat* Speaking of paying up, that'll be $5.  You're welcome.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2010,4/17/2011,155,315,16,16,13>Since college, I've wanted a bottom as round as a luscious Georgia peach. I acquired this terminology when I was searching Amazon for exercise DVDs and came across Callanetics. The founder, Callan Pinkney, claimed that by utilizing micro-movements in the exercises on the--yes--VHS, you would find yourself in possession of a precious little peach (and other variations on the peach theme throughout the video). Given my short attention span and seemingly conflicting desires to get a killer workout and not murder myself dead, I didn't stick with it long enough to get a bottom that could fill out a cobbler, but the imagery's stayed with me since.I realized I'd gained, shall we say, some (it's all relative, yes?) weight after Yelping up a storm, and remembered really liking the free workout Hank, the founder of Define, had done at lululemon. The movements weren't frenetic, a la kickboxing (which I do enjoy, except when my shoulder pops out--ow), yet I was all aquiver. I've been able to do it somewhat consistently for the past month, and, when my sister visited, though one of the first things she said to me was that I needed to lose weight (as is a customary first greeting in the W. household), she did say my legs looked skinnier (though, she last saw me two and a half years ago, but I will assume she has a fabulous memory).Each class starts with a warm up, which means swinging the opposite leg and arm and marching in place. From then, you move on to the plank, but with variations (dropping the hips, pedaling your feet), then to push ups and tricep dips on the floor. You work out your arms, back, quads, and glutes with the aid of light weights, the barre, a firm silver ball, and a smooshier blue ball. You usually work out your arms and back with some light weights. You work out the quads by employing the ballet barre and/or taking the first or second position on your tippy toes. Quads kill--one day, nearing the end of the final set, my muscles were quaking so hard, it was as though I was riding a motorcycle. You might be on the floor or holding on to the bar to work out your glutes. After all that, you do abs, stretch out (there's stretching throughout class), relax in svasana, then finish with three breaths.I brought up Callanetics not just for the peach imagery, but because Define's similar in that there's a mix of stretching and muscle work by using gravity, and the moves are most effective when you use small movements. I'd wager the Define workout is also similar to the Lotte Berk Method or Bar Method. I really like Define, because though I get my tush kicked, I don't sweat so much where I can't go back to work without taking a shower. That's fortunate, as the studio has no showers. The restroom and changing room are on the first floor, along with a small studio space, perhaps for private lessons and really small classes. The second floor has the two main studios. Define has a Mind class, which employs Yamuna ball rolling to massage out the kinks (you lie flat with the firm ball below you, so gravity does the massaging). The 30-minute Express class, which has less stretching, but still works the same body parts, was the boon to my existence for a week or so, except when I would skip breakfast and have a ginormous lunch before. Fortunately, the Define workout is such that you can, hypothetically, have a mad craving for some barbecue, decide to skip class so you can get the barbecue, then feel as though you should still go to class, so eat the barbecue as you drive to class, and successfully complete class without too much trouble. Hypothetically. Also, I believe that more classes are being added (DefineCaliente, which is the workout with a Latin beat; maybe yoga?).Oh, and not only are the instructors friendly and knowledgeable, they're gorgeous!
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2010,4/16/2011,124,160,12,7,8>Sometimes you just have to cut your losses and call it a night.  Which is what I SHOULD have done on this fair evening out with my husband.  He had been golfing all day.  The kids were at a "parents night out" event.  I was exhausted.  Instead of taking all these hints that I should sit on the couch and veg for 3 hours, I insisted upon going out to a grown up restaurant. To make a long story slightly less long, we decided upon Poscol.  I wasn't sure if the husbands golf attire would be appropriate, so I called ahead and the hostess said it would be fine.  And it was.  Our experience was riddled with me taking too long to decide what I wanted.  The waiter sarcastically picking on me for being indecisive.  My husband being rude to the waiter.  Me yelling at my husband for being rude to the waiter.  The waiter taking it like a champ.  Besides all those shenanigans, our meal was WONDERFUL.  My husband hasn't raved on about a meal in quite some time.  We ordered 3 or 4 items and each one were equally delicious.  We had a pasta dish that was something like a carbonara, a salad, and the sausage and peppers.  I was head over heals for the sausage.  It was so delicious.  The waiter told us it is ground and stuffed in house.  It was marvelous, seasoned with a perfect blend of herbs.  Plus the fat to lean ratio was perfect.  I didn't kill my man that night, although I came close a couple of times.  But, at least he would have gone down with one of the better meals of his life in the old gullet.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2010,4/15/2011,408,480,7,15,10>This is a pretty decent Vietnamese restaurant in Midtown! I definitely see potential in this restaurant. It's at a central location, service is on point and it's a clean! The decor is actually pretty nice for a vietnamese restaurant... very inviting atmosphere. Enjoy!After 3 visits, my ratings for some items are:1. Banh Uot Thit Nuong (rice noodle was soft and tasty): 5/52. Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio: 3/5 3. Bo Luc Lac: 3/5 (meat tasted a bit dry, w/ a lot of bell peppers)4. Water: It tasted ridiculously good! 5/55. Sapporo beer: deliciously cold, 5/56. Canh Chua in a hot pot: 5/5 (omg! broth was amazing)7. Ca Kho To: 4/5 goes well with the Canh Chua soup8. Muc Rang Muoi "fried squid": 3/5  9. Cafe Sua da "Vietnamese coffee": 4/5 (it comes made for you, not the one you can make on your own, fyi)
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,4/14/2011,38,97,3,16,11>Yum, wow!  I recently came to Pondicheri and was very impressed by this little cafe hidden behind Tootsie's and Gables West Ave.We started with the pakoras, fried chickpea fritters.  It came with whatever that red sauce is that usually comes with the crackery bread at indian restaurants and, omg, I could eat that stuff all day long.  I felt slightly less guilty since chickpeas has protein, right?  Which means it helps cancel out the carbs from being fried, right?For dinner we shared the thalis, with butter chicken, keemamatar (ground lamb with peas), and butternut squash, along with some nann.  I have to be honest, the serving sizes were a little surprising, because with indian food, you tend to expect Texas sized plates.  Don't get me wrong, it was the right amount for me - but it was a little awkward splitting the single piece of chicken.  Anyways, because of the appetizer, or the two glasses of wine, I was completely full by the end of the meal, and there was plenty of food left over.I'm not sure if it was because we were there on a Sunday, but the waiter was *very* attentive.  Almost overly attentive, since it took two or three trips before we were able to actually place an order.  Overall, an excellent experience, and I hope to be back soon!
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,4/13/2011,239,166,12,11,12>Wax on.....wax off....fish on.....fish gone. This great little place is the epitome of the legendary Karate instructor himself: simple, pure, and unpretentious. This is how sushi should be experienced. Its got a wonderfully simple decor of Japanese paintings and origami cranes and a husband/wife team that treats everyone with the utmost respect. The fish itself is top quality, but its the rice that really sets this place apart. They use traditional short-grain rice, with the perfect amount of vinegar and sugar. No steamed rice here, which is a welcome change from other sushi joints I've visited. The UNI, combined with that great sushi rice, is rich and creamy, and just melts in your mouth, not in your hand. Its the best set of gonads I've ever eaten (thats what she said). The green tea ice cream was the perfect ending to a long lunch break. Come just as you are, and enjoy high quality food, humbly prepared. I will be back.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2010,4/12/2011,256,89,2,17,14>My first indoor rock climbing experience had been long overdue, that is until today. Unlike other reviews, I had no difficulty finding the place. When you go to their website they give specific instructions how to find them. The staff was friendly and attentive. You have two choices as far as climbing. Bouldering, which is rope free and only costs you $5, but you can only climb to a certain height (about halfway up a wall). The second choice is roped climbing in which you need a partner, but you feel more safe and allows you to climb all the way up to the top of the wall, this was the option we chose. The cost was about $50 for my partner and I for the basics, except shoes. It also included a quick tour, and guided instructions on how to handle the equipment. It took less than 10 minutes and we were good to go.  The gym is spacious with several walls available to climb ranging in different levels of difficulty; some are much harder than they look. The music selection playing throughout the gym wasn't bad either; they played several songs that made the experience more enjoyable and put me in the mind set to push myself a bit harder. It didn't take long to work up a sweat. I'm glad I had to take turns with my partner, as this gave us the chance to give our arms a needed break. Their hours are convenient, considering most places close early on Sundays, I was surprised they are open until 8 pm here, and if you are a member, you can stay until 10pm. My arms feel like jello now, but it was worth it and I will definitely be back. This is a fun workout and can provide a change from your everyday gym routine.  I'm a new fan!
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2011,4/11/2011,320,247,10,12,13>Since my last review in 2008, my hun and I have had lunch here almost every weekend.  We have introduced a number of friends to this restaurant and they have all loved it.  Even my out of town friends salivate just asking for it when they arrive in Houston.It is a small place, lots of tanks with live seafood AND it is located in an asian owned strip mall with 10,000 other shops surrounding it.  The carpet is old, the employees are mostly NOT american born, but they speak enough english to seat you at a table and take your order.  Shoot, if my lunch costs $40 for 5 people plus beer, and leftovers AND our bellies are happy?...I don't care if the carpet is old.  It's just an asian thing.  We eat pretty healthy so our immune system ain't too bad.  And we aren't too afraid of the dirty carpet, old chairs and funky entrance door because I use the new chopsticks and wash my hands before and after every meal.Oh yea, this is my lunch review.  Not sure what dinner is like!!
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,4/10/2011,63,98,12,10,8>Today we are honored by a guest reviewer, Miss Sadie M. age 3*"We went to the museum. There were a lot of kids. I had to say 'scuse me.I danced from the TV and then I streeeetched to try to touch the dots. At the restaurant...at the restuarant I cooked the food for you. I liked the store. I bought the food in the basket and then I had to put it all back. I bought popsicles. The boys took the money but the big kid said no, then someone stepped on my hand. You have to be five to climb the tall playground, but I'm not 5, I'm 3. We played in the water outside and we made flowers outside too. You can have a party there. I should have a party there when I'm maybe, six. But after I'm three then I'll be four." *This is a transcript of a recording I made the day after we went to the museum. All grammar and assumed spellings have been maintained. I omitted my questions to keep it on track. I felt her perspective was more useful than mine, but a few things I will add $8 for adults, $8 for kids over one year. Parking in the garage ranges from $5-$10 based on how long you are there. On a Sunday afternoon it was not too crowded. Tot Spot is for kids under 3 only.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,4/9/2011,2219,1117,13,16,12>Whether or not your infatuation with pirates, pirate-themed places, booty, and the beach reaches the same level of exaltation as mine of the aforementioned nouns, the simple truth is that a magical little restaurant exists in Galveston and it is called the Mosquito Cafe.I yelped the crap out of this place before venturing over, because my mainstays of Galvestonia-related-face-stuffing-of-food are limited to chain restaurants. And we all know super-happy-shiny-hipsters like myself need to go above and beyond that noise.Some, not all, reviews below are decent. I am going to fill in the blanks for the vacationers, the suburban explorers, the pirate fanatics, and others who find themselves in Galveston on an adventurous day, using the Yelp app trying to find a place to eat that is not Taco Bell. These are my "you should knows" about the Mosquito Cafe.1. If you are driving from Houston take 45 straight, it turns into Broadway, go all the way down to 14th and take a left at the light. You really can't miss the place on your right. You want to park on 14th if you can, in order of decreasing attractiveness you can park on the streets to your left, further down 14th, or to the right of Mosquito.2. The way Mosquito works is that there is no maitre'd. Seriously. Do not cut the line to tramp inside and loudly ask for special treatment. It will not get you anywhere. Really. Just to make that clear Mr. Frat-tastic with the Croakies.3. There is going to be a line outside. Yes, it is summer and it is hot. The line waiting outside in Texas in summer should be a testament to how great this place is. Start up a conversation with the people around you and realize that this place has diehard fans, it is mostly repeat customers, not people wandering in off the Strand because they are starving and would fall over dead if they did not eat food right now. 4. The manager will come outside frequently, chat, and pass out menus. But if you didn't bother to look at the menu beforehand and you have a smartphone you can pull up the menu online @ mosquitocafe.com. Otherwise you will have plenty of time when the line brings you inside for you to peruse the breakfast, lunch, "brunch," or dinner menus depending on time you are dining. They have specials too - so if you find nothing on the menu, you might find a special you like.5. The wait to order your food will run about 20 minutes at peak. Just be aware of that.6. The cashier/register-person taking your order will be friendly, charming, attentive, and offer suggestions on the sides/pairing with wines or other beverages if you are unsure.7. The sides (lunch) are listed on a sheet of paper when you enter the Mosquito and when you hit the register if you did not pay attention before then, the cashier person will explain the options without being snarky.8. If you go on Sunday breakfast is served all day.9. Water gets refilled at rapid pace - you will not be parched if you sit outside.10. If you sit inside: it gets noisy. There are flies. If those things bother you ... you are probably not going to like this place.11. The menu is big. There is something for everyone: vegan, vegetarian, hippie-but-really-trustafarian, meat-lover, health-conscious, big-ass sandwich lover, big-burger man ... the list goes on. They even have pasta. And breakfast has a vegetarian omelette in addition to meat stuff. C'mon, you can take anyone here and they will be happy.And now the drumroll. I offer you some kickass advice:When you see locals picking up dessert at the glass casing just before the register bank, and you think "Why!?!?!?!" let me explain it --You are going to be waiting for your food. I get the burger so I know the burger wait time. I think that is the longest wait time, because its not a frozen patty like at fast food, they actually need to cook it. So you are going to be sitting for a while. The repeat customers pick up a delicious sexy dessert and sit there, keeping it company, while everyone sits there and starves as they wait for their awesome meal to be delivered. Learn from others' mistakes - get a dessert and bring it down!If you were going for a comparison inside the loop --- this place is Cedar Creek plucked from the Heights and dropped in Galveston.And it is really badass to stand next to the Hurricane Ike water mark on the wall before the registers and figure out if you and the rest of your party would have drowned because the water mark is above your head. I would have drowned. Sobering. So now you see why they serve alcohol.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2010,4/8/2011,77,240,12,11,11>I really enjoyed the food, atmosphere and my bottle of St. Peter's ale.( It was so kind of Peter to share his excellent stout with me). I had a veggie  curry and the hubby had chicken tikka marsala. Both were excellent although I would have liked mine to be a tad more saucy. If you have ever had typical pub curry, then you will be thrilled to know this is not like that at all. Instead of the runny, raisin filled, curry in a can horror, this was very fresh, well spiced and the rice and naan were just right. To top it off the loos are clean and stylish and if you take a red sharpie you could color in the ladies lipstick on the wallpaper. Just don't tell anyone it was my idea, this review is just between us, right, not on that interwebby fangled thing?
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2011,4/7/2011,90,126,6,9,12>2nd year to run the race and things were changed a bit.  Most notably was the lottery system.  I personally enjoy waiting by my computer as soon as registration opened to register so me and alot of other runners were not pleased with this change that gave late comers an equal chance to get in.  I had to deduct a star because this.  But even with the lottery system, they had a lot of houston marathon veterans exempt from the system and had 500 spots distributed by the Houston Area Road Runners Association.  The finish line moved to right in front of GRB.  After the race, I had no idea people were able to get from GRB to Discovery Green without jumping over the barricades.  Notable things that I remember from the race:The Geoff signs at every mile.  Several Episcopal priests blessing runners with holy water as we ran by Rice University.  The american flags on the lawns on university after rice village.  The belly dancers under highway 59 as we approach memorial park.  Beer that was being handed out by Allen parkway and getting a jello shot from some random girl.  I still like the fact that they have the George Brown Convention Center open for the runners before and after the race and that there is a lot of fluid on the course.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2010,4/6/2011,152,164,9,12,11>Hu tieu xao dac biet. It just sorta rolls off the tongue, doesn't it? Yeah, no. It's dish #70 at Huynh and it's something I've repeatedly been craving for lunch for some time now. It's a combination of beef, chicken, seafood, and veggies (shitake mushrooms, carrots, snowpeas) on top of large crispy fried noodles, covered in a spicy (I ask them to make mine mild) garlic sauce. I know you're probably thinking that any sort of combo of meats in a dish might be questionable but believe me, the quality is there. And for that quality and careful preparation, you will expect a bit of a wait for your food here and the dishes will be priced a few dollars more than those sub par favorites on Milam. It is worth it. The parking situation during lunch hours is dreadful. If you come after 12:00pm, don't bother looking for a space in the lot and just park in the street. Also, don't come on days when you have meetings planned right after lunch because you might be slightly late. The food here is made when you order it. With love. Service has always been great here and if you come not knowing what to order, they can and will make great recommendations.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2010,4/5/2011,67,253,10,9,9>Last night was my 2nd time to eat here, but I forgot to review it the first. how dare me. After thinking I was lost a couple times (all this having nothing to do with the fact it is located under a major highway), I found it. ahhhh! They have really delicious buffalo burgers. I think they might just ruin it for other buffalo burger joints.. I just love the hole in the wall vibe. No fries though, which makes me sad, especially since I do not like potato salad (even though I hear theirs is champion-like). The guys who work here are real nice and they have Stewart's Key Lime soda, which I have newly discovered. Oh and the lemonade was just OK. It actually tasted like Lemon Gatorade. So if you are craving it and it looks delicious, just prepare yourselves.This place should definitely be remembered when you have out-of-town guests in town.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2010,4/4/2011,215,403,12,16,11>Cupcakes?  Move over.  Mac and Cheese? Try again.  Bacon...I actually did look for this, here, and mercifully they don't have it.  Forget your trendy foods, folks, CHOCOLATE is timeless--it knows no fads!The store is split down the middle, effectively 2 stores in one.  The part that I LIVE in is the right half, which has all the chocolate candies you could dream of.  My faves are the creams and berries, chocolate covered.  Don't forget the turtles!  Not the reptile kind, but the pecan kind. They have dried fruits, twinkies, pretezels, all dipped in chocolate.  And the ultimate:  chocolate dipped double stuffed Oreos!  YUM!  Screw the deep fried stuff.  Just dip it all in chocolate instead!Chocolate bars in all sorts of shapes--letters, doctor's kits, bars, so many kinds you have to see it to believe it.  Chocolate pizza!The other side is a dessert cafe, with so many different kinds of chocolate cake it will make your head spin.  Cheesecakes, I'm talking about.  Rocky road, peanut butter, classic chocolate.  Their brownies are delicious.  I think they only sell one size: 4.  That's not a dress size (you'll never fit into a 4 after coming here).  It's how many brownies are really in their single brownie!And a nice little ice cream parlor to boot, straddling chocolate-land and dessert-land.  Welcome to heaven!
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,4/3/2011,99,168,10,11,10>There are so many ways I could start this review given the name of the restaurant, but this is a family site (ha) so I'll behave. I somehow got on BRC's extremely calculated mailing list for their weekly specials. Calculated? Yes. The geniuses over at the Big Red Cock send you their weekly specials at 10:30 am.....who is NOT hungry by 10:30 when they are sitting in their cubicle with over an hour to kill before lunch... just me? ...whatever... After weeks of reading about their "mac of the day" I was completely conditioned to check them out. Do you know what at that Big Red Cock outside this gastropub is crowing???? "Get your scrumptious, upscale comfort food HERE". He's not full of feathers either....my meal was absolutely delicious. The mood is set for intimate fun the moment you step inside BRC with its dramatic cream and red wallpaper (FEEL IT), cozy booths and cocktails tables. We settled into our booth and read the wall sized menu of specials for the day that were so tempting, the regular menu was used just to compliment our pre-set selections. The order: bison sliders, blue cheese mac, fries, and an order of their vegetable of the day - asparagus (all the makings for a fabulous meal). I should add that we attended a zumba class prior to this feast. Did we feel guilty? Absolutely not! Each bite was totally worth the calories...and I don't say that often. The highlight of the meal was a tie between the blue cheese mac (no shocker there) and the surprise hit - asparagus. There is so much to say about their mac special - delivered in a small cast iron skillet - baked to perfection, complete with the crispy crumb topping we all yearn for. For all those blue cheese nay-sayers.....there was nothing funky about this creamy goodness by way of noodles, crumbly bits of bacon and caramelized onions.Often disappointed by restaurant produced mac and cheese, I was head over heels with this dish. Then there was the asparagus special served with bacon jam and sour cream. Again, don't be dismayed. Yes, we totally passed on the sour cream and were skeptical about the bacon jam that was requested on the side. Not a second after we sampled the bacon jam, did we pour the entire ramekin  over the dish. You know that amazing moment when the syrup from your pancakes hit your side of bacon at breakfast.....that's what bacon jam is. And it made our healthy side gluttonous heaven. On to the bison sliders....3 sliders paired with arugula, cheese and a spicy mayo - delectable, but not a must. BRC's fries are served thin and twice cooked: once blanched, then fried....a perfect accompaniment to any meal. Be sure to ask your waiter about their dipping options - they have plenty!! Our only real downer on the meal was the service. Don't get me wrong, our food came out in ample speed and our waiter was there for us when we needed him...but talk about pushy. It was unclear if he's trained to encourage us to order more than we needed to but he could have relaxed a bit. After all, didn't he know we came from zumba? I kid. The total damage after all was said and eaten: a cool $30 total between the two of us. No complaints from two girls totally satisfied with all the comfort food in the land. So listen to me or the big red cock (whichever one you prefer) and head on over to BRC. It's a total home run on all of your guiltiest pleasures.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,4/2/2011,89,202,13,19,15>Hey! We got Peruvian chicken, right here in Webster TX.I asked the counterman: "What makes it *Peruvian* chicken?  How's it's different than all the other chicken?""It's the spices.  We use PERUVIAN spices!"  Alright then.  He looked Peruvian; he should know.  They have a Great mural on the wall; a big magnolia tree in the center flanked by a Peru landscape - with King Chicken in the middle - and a Houston skyline - with King Chicken in the middle.  It's counter service; they've got some other things on the menu, but the dozen or so chickens in the display case are clearly the specialty of the house.  I got a Quarter chicken + 2 sides for $6.  This chicken was great, tender, moist.    The skin had a little char and a generous crust of some delicious spices.(What kind of spices?  PERUVIAN spices.)    The sides were so-so: green beans and broccoli from a steam table.  The meal was served on cheap Styrofoam plate with flimsy plastic fork and knife.  After a while I gave up on the plastic flatware and just ate with my hands.  Chicken came with two tiny cups of sauce; the better of the two was an unusual  salsa verde - made with avocado, but not like guacamole.  Did it have horseradish?  Something with a bite.  I went and got a second cup of it.  The other, a mustard mayo, was decent.  They've only been open 3 days! So they're still hitting their stride, but my gosh, you gotta check out this chicken.  It has PERUVIAN spices!  Good ones, too.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2010,4/1/2011,3163,3020,19,23,22>It was friday night and I wanted to go watch a movie so I pulled up my iPhone app to see what movies were showing and my default search is set up to sort by closest theaters first.  Well from where I live the IMAX at the natural science museum is the closest, but none of those shows were currently open but that got me to thinking.  I had heard that they have late night shows at the Planetarium so I decided to check out their website and sure enough they had a Pink Floyd Light Show playing at 10 pm.There was another light show at about 9 PM that my gf wanted to see but I had my heart set out on the Pink Floyd one.  We had arrived early enough to catch the 9 PM show but we couldn't find parking!!! It was one of the last weeks that they were hosting Mixers and Elixers at the museum and there was a show at the Miller Outdoor Theatre so the area was packed.  So sure enough we had barely missed the 9 PM show and had the longest possible wait until the show at 10 PM.  So what is there to do while you wait?DRINK!  Since mixers and elixers was going on they had a cash bar in front of the museum.  Got to talking to the guy and he was telling me how he loves this job because its easy money and the women are HOT!  We were laughing it up and the next thing you know I had like 6 doubles...my gf didn't want to drink hers so I was downing them too.Anyways it's finally 10 PM and time to enter the planetarium, no drinks allowed, so finish up outside!I got seated towards the back center so you can lean back and gaze the whole room.  It's an awesome experience, especially buzzing.The whole show is just TRIPPY.  It's 45 minutes.  Short for the price but great sound quality and a definite change of pace from your basic movie.Impress a date, show her you have some culture.
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,3/31/2011,131,188,18,25,24>BE FOREWARNED... review's a bit SAPPY! For over 40 years, Tony's been wining and dining guests.  From celebrities to dignitaries... no other restaurant has the clout or star power like Tony's.  And in its latest location... it's better than ever!For us common folk, Tony's is a special occasion (anniversary, job promotion, milestone birthdays, etc).  For "old money" patrons, its a Tuesday dinner.  Tony's gotten younger now, a bit current with the times.  A modern ambiance, more relaxed stance on the "no jacket & tie" policy, and a young head chef to steer Mr. Vallone's vision.What is about this place that makes its soooo special?  What's the hype all about?  You may ask...Is the food the best in Houston?  NoIs the service the best in Houston? NoOr how about the dining area? NoSo what is it then?  It's none of that, and all of the above.  In short, it's MAGICAL!My review may be a bit skewed because Tony's played host to a night of fond memories for my girlfriend and me.  After being turned down by this girl for months, she finally decided to go out on a "real" date w/ me.  So I had to impress... only one place conjures up to mind, and that's Tony's.  When Houstonians hear "lets have Tony's for dinner"... in an instant, your attitude change.  You get giddier, your tone of voice gets higher and pitchier, and everything else is quickly forgotten.  DINING AREA:Its been over a decade since I've ate at Tony's. Reservations were for 5:45.  As we arrived, we informed the staff that we had a musical to catch at 7:00.  So everything needed to be executed with urgency.  We were seated in the middle of the dining room.  If it was in the old restaurant, we probably would've been seated near the kitchen doors.  So I'm happy about the new layout here.  It is great for people watching.  But none of that would matter tonight, my eyes were totally fixated on her.  I did, however, get to scan the entire decor.  More contemporary then its former location.  Sky-lighted ceiling, arched dining room, glass kitchen, and a huge prevalent sculpture is distinctly remembered.SERVICE:A team of waiters came out to place napkins on our lap, hand us an assortment of bread, and fill our glasses with water.  The Headwaiter or maybe captain, dressed in a suit, asked when we needed to get out.  So I told him of the situation and from that moment on, service was impeccable.  Execution was tactful w/o ever making us feel hurried or rushed.  Water was always full, plates were immediately cleared when finished, and new dishes brought out soon after.  Their team of waiters were always observant w/o ever being intrusive.  White glove service, they were a well oiled machine.APPS:We had Napolean Duo and Crab tower for appetizers.  The Napolean duo was basically thinly sliced salmon and ahi tuna carpaccio w/ tuscan melon and asian pear.  It was ok, like eating fresh sashimi minus the wasabi and soy sauce.  The Crab tower was juicy lump crab meat over diced tomatoes, avocado and arugula.  The crab was succulent and sweet.ENTREES:I picked the Veal Medallions and she had the Lemon Snapper.  In addition, we ordered Truffled Mac n' cheese and White Asparagus as sides.  My two medallions were tender and nicely seared.  Didn't care too much for my sauce.  It just didn't work with the dish.  The salmon was a bit overcooked.  Other then that it was ok.  Our sides... can't remember.  Must be average then if I can't remember.DESSERT:When you come here, and can only order one thing... what do you order?  The Grand Marnier Souffle of course!  They will only serve it for a minimum of two people.  Sitting in a large ramequin, this french classic is huge!!!  Creamy inside, with a generous amount of Grand Marnier... it's ethereally light.  Accompanied with a tree-like display of strawberries and blackberries.  The sweet and tart flavors of the berries, counter-balances the delicate flavors of the souffle.  SIMPLY REMARKABLE!After everything was said and done, Tony's laid the groundwork to a wondrous evening.  Something celestial occurs in this place... for the first time, my gf admitted she saw me "differently".  Don't know if it was my company or the alcohol... but whatever it was, we've been happily in love ever since!  It was worth every cent, PRICELESS!  THANKS TONY'S!!!
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,3/30/2011,87,226,6,9,9>Hands down, one of the best bon-bons in town... The Venezeulan 58% was just amazing, rich in cocoa, smooth and not too sweet. They made it right, focus on the quality of the ingredient and not the sweetness (sugar content) like most chocolates and desserts you find in America.The 12 pieces box cost $25 (milk choco mixed), $28 (dark choco or truffle mixed). They are pre-boxed available but i picked my own with mixture of the fruit, truffle, dark & milk chocolate collections. I suggest that you mixed them up a little otherwise, you might get choco-out because a lot of them has the same filling with very light flavor.For Valentine's they have limited edition well designed gift boxes. So, if you dont mind spending and want to treat yourself to some "real" chocolate/bon bons, then check out Araya. Surprisingly, when i convert the price, they actually are more expensive than those you get in Europe... but then, you save on your plane tix!
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2010,3/29/2011,466,956,11,10,11>This is the first Mexican food truck I ever buy anything from, and surprisingly enough... I loved it!! I was at the gas station on Hardy toll rd and saw the truck. I know, buying from trucks is like going on dates. You know what they look like in the outside, but inside may be another story. So, it is established that I am a little nervous about buying from trucks, but Don Churro just gave me a good feeling. The guy at window, was really nice and very helpful ( I didn't know what a churro was!). I ordered a chicken Quezadilla and a strawberry churro. I have to give some props to this Quezadilla they made. It was delicious!! I have only had one comparable Quezadilla in my entire life, and that one was from an actual restaurant. The Churro was also great. The guy handed me a menu and told me I could call any time to order and they would have it ready for me!! Can I get a HELL to a YES!!! I am hooked. I will not mention that I found it funny that a food truck would have an actual address.. haha! ... and an ordering line. Wonder if they deliver, and if so... do they take the whole restaurant with them????!! ( I kid, I kid!)
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,3/28/2011,2824,154,9,22,14>Can I possibly like a hotel that doesn't issue award points?  I never thought the answer would be a resounding yes!  Hotel Sorella is AWESOME!What do I like?  1.  The bed is AWESOME!  I love the Westin b/c of their heavenly beds.  Let me tell you, the Sorella bed is even better.  2.  Strong in room Wi-Fi (Free, too)  (Strong in the lobby too.)3.  Modern rooms -- a little spartan in decor, but super clean.  No goofy hanging pictures (in fact, no pictures at all); hardwood floors; muted hallway carpet4.  Breakfast -- complimentary:  fresh fruit, great coffee, espresso, pastries, yogurt, cereal, ... all good.  5.  Balcony Patio -- over looks the quad in City Centre.  6.  Pool / Bar 7.  GREAT Customer ServiceFunny thing is, Hotel Sorella provides so much more than the Marriott that I've been staying at AND it's cheaper!!!
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2010,3/27/2011,287,298,11,16,13>Have I mentioned I have an obsessive (and addictive) personality? When I find something I like I either talk about it non-stop or I will patronize the restaurant until I find something else to fixate on. I guess I must have been quite vocal about the food at Argentina Cafe because on Saturday H announced he was taking me there for lunch. We arrived early and the gentleman working the counter asked if I was there the previous day, perhaps with that rather large crowd? Yep, guilty as charged, I just couldn't stay away. We chatted for a bit and I ordered the caprese salad and beef empanada. Realizing that is what I ordered the day before, I quickly added the onion and cheese empanada to my order. During this, H was unusually quiet. "Yo, don't see anything you want?", I whispered out the side of my mouth. H turned to me and said, "This stuff is like back home and I can't decide!". He finally chose the milanesa sandwich with a beef empanada. The counterman's face lit up when he realized H was Argentine and off they went speaking Spanish, big smiles and waving their arms about. The empanadas were the first to hit the table followed closely by the salad and milanesa sandwich. The beef empanadas were as I described previously, just as delicious but the cheese and onion empanada is my new (and much talked about) favorite. Shaped differently, the onion and cheese variety is round with high sides and no crust over the top. Kind of like a pie, a really delicious, delicate pie. The onion was sliced thin with a slightly sweet flavor, the cheese was also mild and melted over the top. The milanesa sandwich is chicken breast pounded flat, breaded and lightly fried served on french bread with lettuce and tomato. The bread was fresh with a nice crust, the chicken tender with a lightly seasoned batter. Curious about the medialunas I ordered one for dessert. Basically a croissant, this version is smaller and sweet. Not exactly a dessert item, this would pair nicely with coffee. As we finished our meal, the cafe started to fill up. Most were from Argentina, a Columbian gentleman with his son and a family from Venezuela. Nice mix. I am curious what kind of crowd this place attracts in the evening. Anyone care to join me for dessert and coffee later?
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2010,3/26/2011,386,171,14,20,20>The Divine Ms. Danielle S. has already written extensively about the old Gresham home what later fell into the reluctant hands of the Galveston-Houston Bishop for only $40,000 - yelp.com/biz/bishops-palWith such a rockin' review already up, there's not much of a point in rehashing this gorgeous building's rich history. But I will re-iterate that Bishop's Palace makes for an essential visit for anyone popping into Galveston. Even those not fond of Victorian architecture such as myself can still find more than a couple things to love and appreciate about it. The sheer artistry, for one. And - again - the incredibly fascinating history behind a grossly underrated Gulf Coast gem. Tours last about an hour, and if you're lucky you'll get the truly delightful George as your guide. He's engaging, funny without trying too hard and, most importantly, extremely knowledgeable about the ins and outs of the building itself and its inhabitants. I really learned quite a bit from him, like how homes for the Victorian elite reinforced the rigid socioeconomic caste system. And the complex piping system that climate controlled terraces. And what was once considered state-of-the-art technologies for fetching servants. Mom, my brothers and I had him at 1 PM on a Tuesday, but I couldn't tell you his regular schedule. I'm kicking myself for not asking, though, because it would have made a nice quick tip.Tours on Monday through Saturday run from 11 AM to 4 PM and depart every hour, and Sunday they go from 12 PM to 4 PM. Tickets for adults are $10 (students ages 6-18 are $7 and kids are free), but the kindly woman at the register gave Mom a discount because happy holidays, that's why!! Even if we did have to pay full price, though, none of us would have minded. The money goes toward preserving a valuable facet of Galveston (and architectural) history. Before or after your tour, be sure to peruse the small gift shop. They boast an incredible selection of books about the area's history, along with curiosities like the Dickens towel (which, as a fan of both literature AND "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia," I appreciated on at least 2 levels) and architecture vocabulary flash cards. Unfortunately, however, I didn't see any seriously cool doorstopper books - or ANY, really - about Bishop's Palace itself!! I really wanted one, both to show my support for their preservation efforts and because I thought it'd be cool to learn even more about the house. But I did buy those sweet flash cards, so everything worked out in the end for all parties involved.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,3/25/2011,231,233,13,18,13>So, initial review (before getting my car back). I went through my insurance to get an appointment with their  Auto Repair Express program, and Cubbage Collision was the closest location. The guy who answered the phone actually cheered me up. I have rarely had any business answer the phone in person and cheer me up after a car accident. (Don't worry, I also don't have that many car accidents, so I guess I don't have that much to compare this to). He answered with such enthusiasm, and I commented on how happy he sounded ,and he said yes, don't worry, we make things all better. And they sure did! I walk in early for my appointment, my insurance adjuster was there and they offered me freshly popped popcorn and juice/water. There was a speedy walkthrough of paperwork, she took me outside to assess the damage, and within 15 minutes I was out the door with my rental car keys. Great service, great attitude. I know, the important part comes next-- I'll update after I get my car back safe and sound ;)
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2010,3/24/2011,211,151,9,13,12>I'm so glad that Niko Niko's at Market Square is here! There is a real lack of good places to eat in the downtown area for lunch. Niko Niko's has a delicious menu in a beautifully redone park. There's only a handful of nice days in Houston and Niko Niko's is such a nice spot to enjoy your 1 hour break from work.The menu here is limited and it doesn't offer the same selections as the original Niko Niko's, but there's still some great choices. For lunch, I've had both the gyro sandwich ($6 after tax) and the chicken and spinach pita (I think it's $6.50 or so after tax). You don't get any sides with it, but it's a very large portion that will fill you up.  They also have a lunch box, which is a gyro and comes with pita chips and hummus. However, this is a whopping $11! I'm on a lunch budget while I'm at work and $11 is on the extreme high end for lunch.I'm mildly obsessed with their chips here. They have homemade kettle cooked potato chips which are friggin' amazing. They are so thick and super crispy, sprinkled with oregano and rosemary. For $2 (after tax) it's a huge portion too! I could snack on these alone. They actually serve breakfast here too. I'm not sure how popular breakfast is here yet. I had a spinach and egg pita and it was like an even better breakfast taco (yeah, I went there). On a nice day, you gotta get here before 11:30AM if you don't want to wait in line for a long time and get a table.  You order at the counter and somehow they cook all that delicious gyro meat in a tiny little kitchen. And big props to the staff here, because they get the food out fast (5 minutes on average)! WAY FASTER than the original big brother location (who often quote 30 minute waits for food).
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2011,3/23/2011,509,422,24,26,25>Warning:  Content of review is oriented towards IT professionals.  Can you find the 43 unique references to data terminology?Summary (i.e. compressed data):  Server of halal food, IT's very linked into the neighborhood Indian/Pakistani folks who like to load lunch at 1:00pm and stay late at parties in a banquet hall event here (the whole place must be booked, because there is no Daata Partition of a room).  Food is slightly better than OK, which means I give IT a C++. Pizza at an Indian food place?  Yes, and that's not a round-off error.  Traditional Italian is advertised, but  willing to use some Indian/Pakistani ingredients.  Interestingly, the Daata Administrator had not heard of Bombay Pizza until I queried him about IT and showed him an ad from a downtown newspaper (a circular reference).  Although pizza is offered, IT is not the primary key for coming here.  Indian food is.Data Directory:  The menu daatabase of selections is configured with about 60 options.  They serve singular meals and have a buffet array on Fridays and Saturdays.  For more people, Family Packs and Party Trays are available.  They cook with fresh ingredients inserted, unlike some places where IT's garbage in and garbage out.For my Daata Packet, I haada the Tandoori Chicken Masala.  This is served in a utilitarian stainless bowl (USB) with gooey (GUI) sauce and not a laata defragmented chunks of chicken.  I committed to spicy and they delivered.  Although I did not get sick, my stomach suffered from high storage capacity into the night.  My only complaint on the dish is the inclusion of bits of bones and gristle, sometimes found by a byte, since the sauce covers the appearance.The main dish was joined with naan, which was inconsistently cooked.  The first two were overcooked and crispy in the middle (and portions of black on the bottom).  Without my complaining, he brought two more, although those were slightly undercooked.  The binary doneness didn't maata to me, since there was plenty of good portions to use.  The place had just opened, so I presume they don't know their oven well enough early in the day.The plentiful Mango Lassi had good flavor attributes.SQL Server:   For the record, this client ordered at the counter interface, and then selected a table, chair from the matrix where empty.  The waiter/cashier was OK for Daata restores (water refills).  When I signaled, he promptly served my parity check.  He was relational friendly.The after-dinner mix of seeds (mukhwas) for a digestion aid and breath freshener was very good, and IT did re-format my tongue (no one wants an unscheduled back-up).Data distribution?  Yes, they have catering services and offer party trays, which apparently are very popular here.Next time:  I gaata try their Hyderabadi Biryani
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2010,3/22/2011,305,161,17,15,14>Finally, a Texan inspired ski lodge on the West end of Washington!  I know, I know...you've been lamenting this void that's been lingering in the Houston nightlife scene just as I have.  But I'm here to assure you, gentle reader, that there is respite at last.  And it's name: Blue Moose Lodge.Now maybe you haven't been to a lodge, or understand the inspiration for why one should reside in Houston.  But I ask you, why should the dearth of a single momentary pitch in the elevation of our landscape rob of us the joy that comes from a apres ski buzz?  Are we not deserving of the warmth and comfort bestowed by a fire as tales of the day's events mastering the range unfold?  The best part is that it's just opened in time for our momentary cold(er) spell, the second best is that you don't need to worry about your parking break, de-icing, or snow tires.  Inside the bar you'll find freshly felled beams wrapping around a decent sized space offering tables in the middle, framed by a stage on one end and a well appointed bar on the other.  I say well appointed when it comes to the bar because it has two key features that make it player in my book.  Off the top, they feature Texas brews on tap and in the fridge.  That's something that's commendable, but not necessarily unique.  What kicks it up a notch and makes it go to 11 though is how your beer is served when you're chillin at the bar; they have space age technology on the bar that keeps your beer cold.  That's right.  There are metal inserts periodically around the bar that are kept close to freezing through a process known only wizards and the helpful staff @ Blue Moose.   All you have to do is place your beer on one of them to keep it cold.  The Blue Moose is the only place in this part of the country, I've been told, that you're gonna find these.  It seemed to work admirably on this trip, but I'm not sure I gave the delicious Stash on tap the opportunity to warm much.  I didn't take the chance to try the limited menu while I was there, but from what I read on the menu and saw being served, I'm looking forward to fixing that in the future.  It's supposed to be chef driven and changing, but I'll leave that to update later.  Overall this place does a good job of what it's trying to accomplish:  a lodge vibe with heavy dose of Texas influence.  Drinks are affordable, there's parking, but perhaps most importantly: the staff is incredibly friendly.  I enjoyed my recent stay at the lodge and look forward to hearing some of the live acoustic bands and noshing on the promising grub.  I'll be back, so I'm leaving room to grow.
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2011,3/21/2011,178,1288,5,22,17>Absolutely one of the best meals I've had in Houston. Ever.I went to Bistro Alex on New Year's Eve for lunch. It was mostly empty which can sometimes mean substandard service in some restaurants but not on this day. Our waiter was excellent throughout our meal but not hovering.The decor is beautiful, just take a look at some of the photos. It was bright and light during the day, I'm interested to go back in the evening to see what it is like. The food was outstanding. The butter garlic bread that was served before the meal could have been my main course it was so good. My butternut squash soup was poured over a cayenne dusted marshmallow. It may not sound good to some, and I was skeptical but it was amazing! I couldn't stop thinking about the soup after lunch, and I don't even typically like soup! The snapper special was delicious and my husband had a hard time letting any of us try it, he loved it so much. My smashed shrimp poboy with onion rings was really good! I wish I had room to eat it all.  My father loved his salmon and cleaned his plate with the bread. There wasn't a single bad dish among the four of us. All the portions were a really good size. The desserts were good. The strawberry shortcake, bread pudding, and cheesecake were all delicious.  I appreciate the validated valet parking. If you don't want to do the stairs, there is an elevator near the front desk of the hotel. Also, you can park in the garage and just use the walkway to the hotel. This is one of my new favorites in Houston! I love finding such an awesome restaurant! I will be back for that Butternut Squash soup very soon!!
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2010,3/20/2011,427,838,34,14,19>Order of events on Sunday, June 6 2010:1. Leave for Summerfest. 100 degrees in the car. Make executive decision to stop for snocones before concert. Takes 15 minutes in blistering sun to get snocones. Friend complains, "It's hottttt."2. Arrive in downtown and park. Get out of car. Immediately starts raining. Find shelter under Allen Parkway overpass. See bum showering in rainwater. Looks happy. Friend complains, "It's wettttt."3. Thunderstorm subsides, but still raining. Make executive decision to head to festival. First wrap phones in t-shirt and stuff in pockets to make sure doesn't get wet. Gets kind of nippy with the rain and the wind. Make a dash for it. Friend complains, "It's colddddd."4. Arrive at festival. Mudfest galore. See people sliding down the hill. Start pounding Dos Equis. Convince another friend to slide down hill. Try to make my way down the hill to see the madness. On way down, accidentally slip and get pants mud-soaked. Don't see friend slide. Cops close down mudslide. Lose friends. Oh well. Buy more beer.5. Find friends randomly. Find famous crepe stand but closed until rain subsides. Promise to come back later. Catch Stars playing. Wait for "Your Ex-Lover is Dead." Satisfied with Stars.6. Sun is out. Considerably hungry. Wait in crepes line for 20 minutes only to be told they're sold out. Sucks. Mosey farther along. Find a Panda Express stand. Cheap Chinese never tasted so good. Get more beer. Listen to Slim Thug & Bun B. Lots of Pimp C references. Pour one for my homies.7. Sun has set. Flaming Lips. The bubble. Here about Yoshimi fighting some robots or something. Confetti. Friend complains, "This is awesomeeee." Great success.
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2011,3/19/2011,225,440,9,13,13>It's your birthday, it's close to Christmas and everyone in your family usually forgets that it is your birthday because it is so close to Christmas. So, in order to make them remember I often order my own cakes and plan my own parties so they are forced to endure my birthday whether they like it or not! This year I decided to include all the other family members who share a birthday near mine and let them pick their favorite cupcake to be ordered for our family birthday get-together. After compiling a list of the faves, I perused the Sprinkles website to find a match for everyone and then placed an order for 3 dozen cupcakes (via the web) to be picked up later that week. I promptly swung by Sprinkles, just after my expected pickup time and they had my cupcakes there waiting to go! I admit I was a little lost trying to find the place, especially with construction going on within the building. Once I found the infamous door to the tiny little shop, I was literally right there - I mean 2-3 steps and I was at the counter from the front door. Can we say cramped? Anywhooo...after making it to the party, eating a great BBQ dinner, dancing in the kitchen and unwrapping lots of presents we descended upon our cupcakes! All the birthday boys/girls enjoyed their picks and everyone else enjoyed having a variety to chose from. As a consensus, the most liked flavors were red velvet, black & white, strawberry and pumpkin spice. For me, the icing was a bit rich on all of the cupcakes, but I'm more of a "just cake" girl. The dark chocolate cake was super moist and the red velvet was perfect. The vanilla could use some pizazz and the cinnamon sugar was decent. Regardless, I was glad my family enjoyed the treat...and I hope they realize that was their birthday gift! ;-)
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,3/18/2011,196,278,8,24,17>Crust Pizza Co. is an upscale, family-oriented pizza parlor located in the Panther Creek Village Center, on The Woodlands Parkway at West Panther Creek. It's a true independent -- the owners, Mark Rasberry and Clint Price, are on-site and deeply involved. The strip-center location has been converted into a warm, inviting spot for lunch or dinner. Custom is the operative word here -- custom banquettes, custom countertops, and beautiful custom lighting with exposed copper supports.The warmth extends to the new staff -- a bunch of fresh faces, many of whom have never worked in the restaurant business before. Price and Rasberry are training them to be professional as well as friendly, and from our first impression, we received a tremendous amount of enthusiasm and a growing degree of polish.The experience, however, is behind the counter. Crust's pizzas are hand-built by a pizza chef who was brought in from New York, and his East Coast sensibilities are baked right into his work.Each pizza features a handmade thin, crispy crust with house-made sauce. The fresh toppings range from the traditional pepperoni and sausage to the exotic, like cashews and muffaletta-style olive relish."So how's the pizza?" you ask.I'm typically a pizza traditionalist, so I started by sampling a margherita pizza. The crust was light and crisp but not hard, and its faintly sweet flavor was a solid base for the savory roma tomatoes, mozzarella, and fresh chopped basil.The crushed garlic added a bit of swagger, and the result was both fresh and bold. (Bold is a recurring theme at Crust Pizza Co., and one that is a welcome change from the often bland offerings at chain restaurants.)Next was a walk on the wild side. We tried The Jerk, featuring Jamaican jerk chicken, caramelized onions, red, green, and yellow bell peppers, thick-cut bacon and a mixture of cheeses.This was, again, a bold pizza, the jerk chicken's spicy bite offset by the sourness of the bell peppers and the smoky undertones of the nice quality bacon. I didn't expect to like this pizza (I'm not a big bell pepper fan) but it turned out to be my favorite.We also sampled their sandwiches, including a memorable Spicy Link sub, with hot Italian link sausage, a variety of peppers, caramelized onions, and a blend of cheeses over the housemade pizza sauce.Not to be trite, but this, too, was a bold piece of food art. The Italian links were nicely spicy, and the peppers' gentle sourness made for a very savory combination.We were impressed by the food coming out of this new kitchen, and feel that it's only fair to overlook any pre-opening jitters, which were few and far between. Rasberry and Price are pros, and they've brought their distinct style of upscale, high-quality pizzas to the central Woodlands. And they're doing so at very reasonable prices.The verdict? We'll be back.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2011,3/17/2011,115,362,10,15,16>Taking a page from its Greek heritage, Agora rises again like the mythological phoenix from amidst the phlogiston. Many of its regular customers were consumed with sadness just as the wooden beams were consumed with flames on that fateful Halloween night. But as soon as the inspectors declared the structure would not be condemned, the contractor got to work, and the owners have this beloved coffee shop open for business only a few short months later.Upon entering, one immediately takes in the smell of fresh lumber, however the layout is largely the same except for a few minor changes that the benefit of hindsight and the opportunity to implement have afforded. Chief among them is space: slightly more room to get back to the coolers of imported beer, a bit more real estate to navigate between tables, and, even though the second floor deck is gone, the ground floor patio has been greatly expanded. Further, while one is loathe to praise the installation of another parking lot in Houston, if you've ever tried to negotiate the tiny lot behind Agora, you'll be glad to see one on the land formerly occupied by the antique store next door. This also allows a food truck to pull in alongside the coffee house - which means there are only about 5 spots leftover, but hey, that's still 5 spots more than they had before. Almost all of the Greek masks, art, and photos still adorn the walls, the jukebox still blares international and jazz music, even the tabletop Pac-Man still occupies its corner. After just over two months, as I sat down with my espresso and Miles Davis' "Concierto de Aranjuez" played over the speakers, it was like the great nostos of Odysseus himself, a homecoming that couldn't have come too soon.As the baristas tended to their espresso machines, and the owners beamed proudly as they gazed upon the once again bustling crowd of coffee and wine drinkers, I couldn't be happier that Agora is back in business. In fact, so eager was I to get back on (re-) Opening Day, I wish Yelp had an FTU icon - First To Update. All the best to Agora in 2011.
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,3/16/2011,119,124,17,20,17>Hidden in the mist of the all the Asian noodle restaurants, café shops and supermarkets on Westside Chinatown lies a small Vietnamese Dessert Shop that can make any frown go upside down. I've been going to this place ever since they've opened to quench my Vietnamese dessert needs.What is Vietnamese Che?  There are different types of beans and/or glutinous rice, cooked in water and sweetened with sugar served in a cup covered with crushed ice. Other ingredients will include fresh fruits, coconut milk and etc...(Check out a picture here tamarind-cafe.com/images) The setup is very simple as you can see all the desserts and food behind the glass. All you need to do if you don't speak Vietnamese is point or even try to pronounciate (This is a word, check out Urban Dictionary) the dessert.I speak what you call Vietish (It's hybrid of Vietnamese and English....hey don't judge I speak enough to get around). Remember there are only two sizes: small and large. They even have sticky rice, wraps, pastry and other baked goods.This place is so cheap (cash only) and yummy. I'll be going back again...and again...and again...and again...(well you get my drift!)FYI - FTR suckers!!!!!
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,3/15/2011,269,274,18,17,15>So what happens when a six foot Jewish red head marries a pudgy Mexican American Roman Catholic? If you guessed constantly arguing what to do for brunch on the weekends then you guessed correctly. She wants Matzoh ball soup, Gefilte fish and cheese blintzes, I'm always looking for migas or chilaquiles. At Rustika Cafe the argument is settled. We eat all this here and much more. The tiny cafe has a large menu, everything from salads to sandwiches. They also have seafood, beef, and chicken plates and their baked goods are excellent. The last time I was in for breakfast they were passing around samples of their Mango Cream cake. Try to imagine a delicious Tres Leches cake with fresh mango baked into it, WOW! The Chilaquiles are in the top 5 in Houston and you can have it with red or green sauce. I prefer the red sauce, it's spicy. Rustika Cafe is now on my regular Sunday rotation.
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2010,3/14/2011,85,110,3,9,8>What is not to love about this restaurant?!  Normally I find downhome kitsch super irritating, but when we were greeted by Jerry who sounds EXACTLY like the dude that does the Whataburger commercials and was wearing AWESOME Roy Orbison glasses and a cowboy hat, well, I started to feel the kitsch was more authentic than I previously thought.My partner had the pulled pork sandwich and mac 'n' cheese; I had the Usual burger with onion rings.  BOTH were awesome.  Oh, and while I was ordering the onion rings, Jerry walked up with a free sample of them as if BY MAGIC.  My partner could only roll his eyes as I told him that this was a definite sign of how much Natachee's rules.We also tried one of their specialty drinks, the Brandy Milk Punch, too.  It is by far more delicious than it sounds, and I recommend giving it a shot yourself.The horse is gone per the anti-animals-in-a-restaurant crew otherwise known as the City of Houston Public Health Department, and while I was disappointed to hear it, I don't think it took too much away from my visit.
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2010,3/13/2011,274,156,9,14,12>Japanese Comfort Food to satisfy your inner "Harajuku Girl"! So after re-watching "Tampopo", the iconic Japanese "Noodle" Western, I set off to find good examples of ramen in Houston. There aren't many, and with the help of my fellow Yelpers, I found Cafe Kubo and Umai (more about Umai on another review). Cafe Kubo's, which must be related to the restaurant in the Village, is located in Dun Huang Plaza, my favorite shopping mall in Bellaire Chinatown. It's a shiny white & chromy place that gives you that hip tea house/boutique feel. Pictures (on the wall & order counter) say a thousand words, so I spotted what I was looking for: Tokyo Style Shoyu Ramen. No, this ain't your college dorm almost-instant ramen that you burned out on by graduation. This is the real deal with a blistering hot, dark, clear, soy sauce based broth that's been cooking for hours (in fact, you can't order this for lunch as it's only available after 5pm). The al dente ramen noodles are "fresh", not dehydrated. There are three pieces of marinated pork that are treats in their fashion. A piece of nori seaweed, half of a boiled egg, three pieces of menma (pickled bamboo shoots), and kamaboku (a traditional pink and white fish cake slice) were all residing in my bowl. It is on the salty side, but the huge, hidden helping of noodles just sucks up the flavor from the broth that is also peppery and a has a hint of dashi (traditional fish flavoring). Had a nice little side of crispy Shrimp Tempura with some veggies from their incredible 5p to 10p Happy Hour (food and beverages) for about 3 extra bucks. The ramen ran about $6 and HH Japanese beer ran $1.75. Overall, a very casual and affordable place to get your Japanese food fix on. Still to try: Japanese Curry & Katsu-Don (fried pork cutlet with egg on top of rice with a splash of broth - my childhood favorite). My tip: Spend a long meal here, hang out on the couch, and peruse the Japanese fashion mags & Manga while gossiping about your favorite new Japanese Pop Star.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2010,3/12/2011,25,175,3,8,5>I've seen the signs for quite a while now, and was waiting for this place to open which it apparently did last Friday.  As a result, I invited some colleagues to go eat here, including someone from Trinidad.  I know the two countries vary in their foods, but it's close enough that I like to get opinions on the authenticity.The food here is delicious.  I ate the jerk chicken, along with a beef patty and salad.  It was filling and tasted good.  I will say that the jerk sauce was a little too sweet compared to other Jamaican places I've eaten, but it was still good.  The beef patty was delicious, and the side salad was pretty standard.The locale is nice, and this is probably the nicest restaurant (in terms of cleanliness and decor) in this shopping center.  The service was good, speedy, and friendly.  The owner also came out and was very nice and cheerful.I try not to name other restaurants to compare to in my reviews, so I will say that while I really liked this place, there is one other Jamaican restaurant in Houston that is my favorite.  However, Jamaica House is still an excellent place to eat, and I plan to come back here again soon.
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2010,3/11/2011,158,402,12,12,11>your Grandma from Louisiana in a gingham apron with a wooden spoon speaking with a creole accent couldn't top these beignets...they are awesome... they are served hot, sprinkled with liberal amounts of  powdered sugar for you purists and they come with a few toppings for you who want some flair... they need to bring back to rum pecan one they once had... Till then, imma return to these square clouds of puffed pastry magic....
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2011,3/10/2011,156,143,11,16,11>BLT + Rye = food sex.  Who knew food porn could be found in the heights!!I've been on the hunt for quite sometime for a decent BLT.   Until a while ago I had found nothing but disappointment.   Rule 1 - Bacon must be firm but not crispy like chips....   C&C - Perfect BaconRule 2 - The tomato must be cut thick enough and be crispy enough (for a tomato) to have texture and flavor.C&C - Perfect TomatoRule 3 - The lettuce must not dominate the sandwich.   Too many places try to compensate for lack of meat by putting in more filler.C&C - Bacon to Lettuce ratio was almost equal.Rule 4 - No matter what bread you use, you must allow said bread to be hearty enough to hold whats inside and yet soft enough to bite through.C&C - in the end, you are what you pretend to be.   A phenomenal sandwich place.Now if we can get you to stay open till the evenings so I can get my BLT fix at night too, the planets will align, birds will sing, and all will be right with the world!Geaux Tigers!
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2010,3/9/2011,265,191,8,13,14>This Fleming's holds a very special place in my heart: it was the venue for my first official Yelp event in early 2009. Fast forward a year later, I am still infatuated with the food, service, and ambiance.For this year's Faja's Day, the guest of honor chose Fleming's for our celebratory dinner. We originally had reservations for Reef but the man wanted meat and meat he shall have! Our family of seven had reservations Saturday evening at 7pm. Not a minute that we had stepped into the doors, the hostess led us right to our perfectly situated table. No waiting needed, no excuses to set up tables. We all appreciated the punctuality that's often lost these days even when making reservations.Our server, whose name escapes me at the moment, soon greeted us along with glasses of water & loaves of bread. After making his spiel about the night's specials, we were left to peruse the menu at our own pace. For starters, we chose a few appetizers to share. Since this was not our first time there, we chose a few classics that we've learned to enjoy there: seared ahi tuna, tenderloin carpaccio, and sweet chili calamari. I often order these at the bar during happy hour (West Alabama location) and they're a great bargain ("5 items for $6 till 7pm"). Of all three, the carpaccio is my absolute favorite as it is served with capers, creole mustard sauce, and red onion. The seared ahi tuna is served with a spicy mustard, while the calamari gets a twist with sweet chili sauce. For our main entrees our table ordered a wide variety of food ranging from seafood, filet mignon, NY strip, and my personal favorite, bone-in rib-eye. Every steakhouse I've visited, my go-to cut of steak to order is rib-eye. Perhaps it's just my taste-buds, but this cut to me is the most flavorful especially when cooked to medium. Fleming's bone-in rib-eye never disappoints (see pic)! And though I absolutely HATE taking left over steak home, this one still tasted great even after being carefully nuked a few seconds a day later. Our family also enjoyed the side orders of creamed spinach, asparagus, mashed potatoes, and my favorite: the tower of onion rings (again, see pic). Perfectly battered and fried, then piled into a tower of doom, onion rings are my weakness (just ask my neighborhood Sonics)! Again, Fleming's has some of the best!Five stars seems a little too gratuitous in Yelp-land, but I really could not find fault at this restaurant. From the way our reservations were handled (we had to keep changing the number of guests and time of our reservation), to the food, to the perfectly paced/timing of each course, to the service, everything was great! Best of all, though they have (complimentary) valet out front, there are PLENTY of parking spaces! That in itself bumped it up from 4.5 to 5 stars! =)
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,3/8/2011,251,713,17,16,19>I'm not a pizza fan.  In fact, I'm not a thin crust pizza fan, either.  Pardon my barb at all of those pseudo-foodies out there whose eyes roll in the back of their heads when mentioning those three words in a string.  Make it seven.  Words.  "Oh, and they serve flat crust pizza!!!"  You've seen them.  Their eyes get really big.  It's the same look we used to all get on our faces in elementary school when it was Dodge-ball day in PE.  Bombay Pizza's pizza is different from "normal" flat bread pizza.  It's Indian food inspired pizza, and I love Indian food.  Oh, it's flat bread, and it's pizza, but it's sesame seedy Roti-esque flat bread with things such as Saag Paneer and Crab with Cilantro-Mint Chutney, Goat Cheese, and Cilantro.  Strawberries, Pine Nuts, Basil, and Gouda.  Tandoor Chicken, Chutney, Artichoke Hearts, and Crab.My lovely co-workers took me here for my birthday lunch.  It was awesome.  I was in a mild Indian food coma for a bit of it, so pardon me if I can't remember all of the details.  (No I'm not old.  I'm at least a couple of years away from senility-impairment.)We ordered the Saag Paneer and the Gateway of India.  I'm not going to be able to fault a food item with Fontina, Goat Cheese, Mozzarella, Paneer, Collard Greens, and Spinach.  Nor something that melds Tandoori Chicken, Crab, Artichoke Hearts, and Chutney.  In other words, both were wonderful.We also ordered some Kati rolls to sustain us while we waited for our pizzas.  They were good and one would never find a side as refreshingly atypical at a pizza joint, it's just that (here's where I go a bit Scottish-Indian) I think I would have rather had naan and some Chicken Tikka Masala.  OR...Kati rolls with Chicken Tikka Masala inside.  That's what would have sent this review into the six star realm.Against character, I did NOT try the gulab jamun.  I was stuffed and there was a hard rumor that back at the office, cupcakes were patiently waiting.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2010,3/7/2011,343,368,6,15,7>Killen's Steakhouse is KILLIN' it.  My friends and I made the drive to the middle-of-nowhere Pearland for our bimonthly steak night.  The night was so eerie that we thought our driver was kidnapping us for roles in a real life horror movie.  The only thing scary about this night was how good the food was.Killen's easily vaulted into my top 3 favorite steak restaurants.  The dry-aged beefs should put all steak sauce companies out of business.  The meats were moist and the crusts full of flavor.  The Kobe beef was tender enough to melt in your mouth.  One day I will come back and try to eat the 32oz  Dry-Aged Kobe Long Bone-In Ribeye Behemoth.The sides were on the money as well.  This may be blasphemous but I think I found a creamed corn that rivals Rudy's Bar-B-Q.  The service was awesome and the wine list was decently priced.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2010,3/6/2011,74,66,4,11,7>Why did it take so long for me to try a food truck in Houston?Oh My Pocket Pies is a name I've been hearing about but never really paid enough attention to. I mean what is a pocket pie? I guess in a way it is like a pie you can stick inside your pocket. It's not bad idea as you'll have pockets that smell of deliciousness.  After searching for awhile in anticipation with Andrew A. we finally found where the truck was today.  In an alley way next to a furniture store, we quickly parked and walked over. Since I already scoped out the menu online the night before, I already knew what I had wanted. I ordered the Salisbury Steak and Thanksgiving Dinner pocket pie. I was going to go for a coke since they did not have sweetened tea. However, the owner showed me this agave sweetener he had and I ended up getting iced tea. Andrew A.  got a Thanksgiving Dinner, a Chicken Chile Relleno pocket and an ice tea as well. We also both of the ranch (It's ranch that HE made!!!!) and cranberry sauce (did not ask if he made it, since I was too busy eating).The food comes out very quickly and was very good. I had never had a pocket pie before and did not know what to expect. The texture of the pie is very absolutely perfect. It isn't too hard or too soft, it crumbs in your mouth as you bit down. The filling is very good as well not only was it flavorful but there was lots of it. The Salisbury Steak had beef, mushrooms, onions and brown gravy. While the Thanksgiving Dinner, stuffing and brown gravy (I'll admit I wasn't really listening to his description as I was too eager to eat one). While I did not try the Chicken Chile Relleno, I only heard good things about his. He mentioned how it was not spicy as expected and really good. With everything already tasting very good by itself, one can only imagine how good they are with the dipping sauces. The ranch and cranberry sauces were absolutely delicious; both were very light and flavorful.  The agave sweetener he had ended up making the unsweetened tea taste like actual sweet tea!!!!  I never knew such a sweetener existed! Oh My! I forgot to mention that we both got our pies as combos. We ended up both getting potatoes salad as sides. Usually when I think of potato salad, I think of this heavy and thick food. However, the potato salad here was very light. It had tons of flavor and did not leave me feeling like I need to go run miles in a couple minutes. You can definitely tell that he made this himself as well. I am very glad I got a chance to try something like this in Houston. While eating I was listening to the owner talk about how all his ingredients are local. He makes the dough himself! He also mentioned how he is currently working with nearby owner to fix up the land that was next to us. The plan is to build a garden and have elementary school kids come to learn about it. I really cannot say enough good things about this guy. Not only is her offering very good food, he even has plans to help to others and spread slow food. Definitely come try this place and even talk to the owner. You will not only get really good food but leave feeling good as well.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,3/5/2011,122,80,8,8,9>Absolutely love this place!  Super clean, modern decor.  Fresh and healthy snack items. Amazingly friendly staff. Free wi-fi.  What's not to like?I don't know of any other place where you can get Fruit Aquas around here.  I mix the flavors all the time.  Current favorites are Watermelon + Lime, and Strawberry/Coconut + sugar free Pineapple.  AMAZING!!!Their fruit bars are incredible! I don't know why miss pissy pot is whining about these amazing bars.  Who cares if they're $3 bucks.  No way can you get anything like this from a grocery store.  Grow up already!Salads were the last thing I discovered but they're awesome.  Anytime I want a light lunch or light healthy snack I come here for one of their salads.  Again, awesome stuff!!!At first I didn't really understand the concept, but after talking with the owners they opened this because they wanted to provide fresh healthy snacks and they craved the Fruit Aquas they grew up drinking in Mexico.Entrepreneurs like these are what makes our country strong.  Go visit them and enjoy an amazing treat!
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,3/4/2011,163,142,7,4,4>Duuuuuuude.  Dude.  Dude.  I tried out their Shroom burger for the very first time there and it's THA BOMB!  The portabello mushroom is marinated overnight so it gives it that extra flavoring.  Topped with melted goat cheese, fresh argula ANNNDD the focaccia bread is toasted perfectly.  MMMMHMMMMMM!  I'm in LOVE.The parking is a bit tight, be careful pulling out.  The other night I saw a couple back up into a tree.  Good to see them laughing it off though.  AND when exiting, please angle your car like it's been souped up AZN style or you'll scratch the bottom of your bumper.
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,3/3/2011,65,139,8,6,7>In my wildest dreams, I thought if I ate Hawaiian food in Houston somehow, just miraculously I would get teleported back to my vacation in Hawaii... crud, I'm still here. Reminiscing on my recent travels, I was severely craving some kalua pork and macaroni salad. Aloha Grill was able to offer exactly that. Located in the HEB shopping center, the restaurant is fast food style where you order at the counter. Prices reflect with most lunch specials served at $4.99 and dinner entrees for a few dollars more. My only complaint is cosmetic and usually I could care less what the dish looks like, but this time it bothered me. The dish itself was really lacking color, everything was brown/white (in my mind, bland looking), and the kalua pork kindaaaa looked like cat food (gag). Thank goodness the taste resembled nothing of cat food. Rather the kalua pork was deliciously smoky with cabbage mixed in which provided sweetness and a nice crunch to its bite. I received two hearty ice cream style scoops of brown rice and one scoop of macaroni salad. YUM. The macaroni was doused with a heavy hand of mayo and onion. Phew, grab yourself some gum after eating this because you'll definitely need it. I'm happy to find this Hawaiian joint in Houston. I am definitely going to go back and try their Chicken Katsu next time. Till we meet again...
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2010,3/2/2011,556,161,11,14,14>I cheated on Thim Hing... it felt so wrong but it felt so right! Is this what love is? Thim Hing will forever be my #1 banh mi love, however, Givral Hoang is my mistress.There is absolutely NOTHING wrong with this place! This is the best banh mi I have ever had beside's Thim Hing's. What sets Givral Hoang apart from the other banh mi places is this:1. Really delicious meat--- always hot, always very flavorful, very tender, and with the perfect amount of charred fat on it2. Bread that is easy to chew, not stale--- you would think it's easy to find fresh banh mi but it's not3. They accept Credit Cards--- because, seriously, who carries cash nowadays?4. Free wifi--- for those of you who want just can't wait to Yelp about how amazing the banh mi is right when you have it5. Large menu that offers everything from vietnamese eggrolls, to pho, and even tapioca drinks. So far everything I've tasted has been fairly good (pho, vietnamese eggrolls, bo luc lac, etc...). The only thing I wouldn't order is the chao. It's really gross.6. Seriously affordable--- the banh mi is very reasonably priced at about $2.50. Delicious lunch for 2 under $10? Sounds good to me.If you're looking for a traditional banh mi done better than the rest, then Givral Hoang is the spot! It is tucked away right behind Don Cafe in a corner. It's not too hard to find, just follow the smell of delicious banh mi thit nuong.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,3/1/2011,80,103,17,17,9>WOAH BABY!! BREAKFAST TACO REVIEW BELOW. who knew this gem was just a block from what I call home!! Wow these are the best breakfast tacos... man, I am having a hard time typing cause I am so fired up about this little piece of heaven. I went here on Friday because I was being harassed to pick up BT's for a road trip to Dallas. I was pondering places near me to get a decent taco.... I was stumped!! Then, a light bulb went off in my head, and I remembered.... it was two Saturdays ago... I was enjoying some brewskies at west alabama ice house.... through my blurred vision I saw a taco truck at the edge of the property... with a sign saying breakfast tacos daily until 11 AM. Just like that and I was on my way! I ordered 2 mexicana and 2 fajita tacos. About 5 minutes later they were ready for me... i could hear the friendly worker chopping, scrambling, flipping and who knows what else... the truck was swaying back and forth. I think it is safe to say that these are ACTUALLY made after you order them (sorry whataburger... I'm not buyin it) The flavors were UNBelievable. the mexicana was a mix of veggies with egg all piled up with a white cheese inside two corn tortillas... The fajita is  prepared in the same fashion but with fresh pieces of steak meat... this really is an explosion to your taste buds... like waking up from a coma. Yes I am going nuts on this review, but its true. These are DAMN good. They come with a red and a green sauce but guess what!? You don't even need 'em. Man all of the ingredients were so darn fresh... i think they are hiding a garden and a chicken coupe in that truck. I can NOT wait to go back.
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2011,2/28/2011,305,198,12,8,9>Ohhh, falafel. You complete me.The Falafel Restaurant has never seemed to dissapoint me. It impressed me so much my first go round, it earned me my first review of the day.Considering I only reviewed their lamb kebab sandwich, I feel it is time for an update.I went in for the first time ever without calling my order in ahead of time tonight after beating myself up at the gym. This time around, I decided to ask what was good, because it seems like the lamb kebab and falafel appetizer have become my default here. Since I had a little time to spare while waiting for my to go order (which was ready pretty fast), I decided to chat up one of the staff members. I told him that I loved their food so much, I wrote a review that made review of the day on yelp.com. Beaming with pride, he pointed to an article written by a real food critic for the Houston Chronicle. He told me that he truly believes that his restaurant is the single best in the Houston area.So my food is ready at about this time and the gentleman decided that if I did him the kindness of writing a good review for him, he could at least  pay me back by throwing some free hummus in my order, to go....but I HATE hummus.I've never had a good experience with it. It just doesn't appeal to my palate.So I got home, and unwrapped my kafta sandwich and begin munching. The kafta was like a seasoned burger wrapped in pita bread. The ground beef was seasoned with visible fresh parsley and topped with diced pickles and tomatoes. I decided that I indeed do enjoy kafta and then I moved on to my falafel. So I munched on the deep fried balls of chickpea dough while eyeing my generous serving of hummus. Should I? Should I not?Curiosity got the best of the cat and I pried the lid open a crack. It doesn't look appetizing. It doesn't smell appetizing. But I mustered up the courage to dip some pita bread in and...I LOVE HUMMUS! HUMMUS OF THE GODS! HOLY HUMMUS!So Falafel Restaurant, star of my my "Best Work Lunches" list, I love you.If we get married, will you still give me delicious food, or will I have to start cooking?
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,2/27/2011,62,95,29,15,22>My friends and I frequented Men's Club a lot back in 2006-2007. After we were done acting a fool in the bars/clubs, around 2am, we'd hit up the Men's Club for their breakfast buffet. Surprising how many friends we ran into there. We, also, had a run-in with Jamie Foxx. I can't say I've been to many strip clubs, but a breakfast buffet would be a persuasive factor. The first few times I went there, all I noticed was the food, which was delicious by the way (just shows how much I love food). To me, it wasn't a strip club, especially because I didn't really even notice the topless girls walking around (this was before they were forced to wear pasties). However, EVERYTHING changed once my friend and I saw Ricky. OH MY GAHHHH. BEST. STRIPPER. EVER. not even in a dirty stripper way. Ricky is, by far, the best dancer we've ever seen there. She was just very entertaining to watch and did not make it seem trashy, at all. I promise you to this day we still go on and on about how much we love Ricky. My friend is, also, a female..we're both straight but absolutely appreciate Ricky's talent. hahaha.What do you think the chances are that Ricky is a Yelp reader/member? If she happens to be, WE LOVE YOU!
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,2/26/2011,47,254,8,9,9>I agree with the other lovely yelpers that this little shop deserves nothing short of five stars. It's packed with fun, amusing, creative, and adorable little objects you would have never guessed you needed. At least that's how I feel... I need every thing they have, and I need it now.It's the kind of shop that gets me in trouble. The contents are addicting, and the price tags are reasonable enough to not use that as an excuse to walk away. It's a great place to pick up an original gift for a lucky recipient, or to spoil yourself rotten.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,2/25/2011,95,254,4,6,6>I've tried tons of new stuff at Thai Gourmet and everything just keeps getting better and better!Ok one AWESOME fact: you can get pretty much anything on the menu for lunch special for between $8-9. So I have loved this place since I first tried it and have been relatively safe by sticking with the basics because I know for a fact that both their pad thai and yellow curry is the best I've ever had. But lately I have been feeling adventurous and decided to try some new stuff, and I have been rewarded over and over again.The red duck curry is excellent and has a very generous portion of duck in it. The red curry is spicy, sweet, and rich, and again, it's cheap for lunch!my next new favorite is the three spice fish. It's lightly fried tilapia topped with a thick thai-style salsa and served with rice. It's awesome.My new absolute favorite is called Chu Chee. Basically it's red curry with fried tilapia topped with a mysterious and DELICIOUS white sauce. I have no idea what it is, but it makes all the difference. This is my favorite dish on their menu and I'm not done trying new stuff!I've never been to a place with such consistently good stuff! It's awesome!
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2010,2/24/2011,152,200,3,8,9>This is a recent favorite. I'm here 2-3 times a week (sometimes more if I meet someone for lunch). Every waitress, waiter, and bartender we've ever had has been top notch & way friendly. If you haven't been already... you should. Parking can be a little tough but there are plenty of places to back on the street. They don't skimp on the alcohol at all. Evan makes a killer mojito... the best I've ever had. They grow their mint on the patio- I love that. Shots are delivered in highball glasses. They are *very* generous or maybe they just like us a lot? It's not just a bar though- despite the way I make it sound. Everything I've ever ordered on (and off) their menu is excellent. One of my favorites are their fish tacos. Blackened catfish stuffed full. Their fries are pretty tasty too- I like their seasoning. Last time I was there I went with one of the specials: rack of lamb & cous cous. YUM! I love the atmosphere. Their patio is great & offers a nice view of downtown. The best part? It's so close I can ride my bike. It's safe to say I will be back- I love the biscuit!
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,2/23/2011,103,89,7,10,10>Everything wrong with this place - the packed house, cramped interior, slow service, lack of parking - is trumped by the one thing they do so very right: BEER! THESE GUYS KNOW BEER!You won't find Bud Light here but you will find a huge variety of beer to suit whatever mood you are in. Order straight up or tell the barman what you like / dislike and let him pick for you. I've never been disappointed with their recommendations.Aside from the beer, their burgers and fries are also pretty badass!
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,2/22/2011,160,218,6,13,11>The opening of this 24 hour Bibas came at a perfect time. The lack of consistency and realization that we were killing ourselves by eating crappy food in our last late night spot drove us a couple establishments over to this joint. I ordered the lamb gyro with fries. The price was a little high at $10 bucks. Once I got the food, I didnt feel so bad about paying 10 dollars. This was one of the best gyro plates Ive had in a really long time. The lamb was delicious and seemed like it was pretty good quality. Staff was friendly, service was quick, and the giant table in the middle made you feel like you were sitting at a medieval knights table. Cant go wrong with that.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2011,2/21/2011,447,558,5,8,8>We needed a spot for a casual business lunch, but my colleague and I were both new to Houston. What luck that we found Shade! It's in a neat, historic area but close enough to town to be accessible in minutes. With hardwood floors and lots of natural light, Shade's interior felt modern but still comfortable. While the restaurant is small, Shade does have a lot of tables.  The layout is such that I didn't feel cramped though.  I had the chicken salad, which was surprisingly unique.  Seasoned with lemon and capers and served with vegetables, it made a great low-carb lunch. One colleague ordered salmon, which he liked but I didn't try. The other had grilled feta stuffed lamb, which was even more delicious than my chicken salad. Served on a spinach salad and topped with pesto, the lamb had an exotic Mediterranean flavor.While lunch was a bit pricier than I'd spend on a regular day ($12-16/entree), Shade offers a great venue for a special lunch with friends or co-workers.
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,2/20/2011,267,368,3,9,8>After reading a fellow Yelpers review on Piola, I immiedately made a reservation for a Friday evening.I was seriously looking forward to trying their pizza's...almost starving myself all week just so I could order more than 1 12" pizza. I took my wife and a buddy and drove out to Midtown. The parking was plentiful for a Friday evening...all I had to do was cross over one street and pizza galore awaited. Only one problem, they lost our reservation. Okay, no problem. We'll just sit outside since there was no wait for an outside table. No harm, no foul. The waiter outside was great...giving us a few recommendations, which we took. We ordered the Moderna pizza and the Firenze...both were great!!! The Firenze was a classic savory pizza while the Moderna was more of a light pizza. The reviews at our table on the Moderna were mixed...I loved it, while the other two wish we had more of the Firenze. We also ordered a salad, the Roka Cabana. Awesome salad! However, you must love arugola. My wife, who does not, did not like the salad. No worries, more for my buddy and I!We also ordered a non-traditional dessert, the Crema Di Papaya, which arrived in a martini glass, shake style. The dessert was good...although not appreciated as much since we were all stuffed.Piola was everything I expected!!! I will definitely be visiting again...and trying everything on the menu!!!
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,2/19/2011,45,197,5,7,7>OK, this has got to stop.. I'm officially addicted.. I might as well get some pom poms for this place because I'm turning into a damn Burger Guys cheerleader. Anyway...Today I had the Buffalo style burger. The burger was very good, the cheese flavors came through beautifully and well balanced, no over the top bleu flavor that some places like to do..I'm not a fan when a restaurant decides to showcase the bleu instead of having it complement the burger..Not at Burger Guys, they do a great job with balancing flavors on all the burgers I've had so far.. I also loved the celery shavings for the salad on the Buffalo. However, I was left wanting a bit more of the Tabasco kick.. So far I'd rate the burgers that I've tried as such.. 1. The Lancaster2. The Houston3. The Satan's Anus* (Limited release in March, spicy and complex)4. The Sonoma5. The Buffalo6. The Havana7. The Sidney8. The Phuket9. The Indianapolis10. The SaigonLet me be clear here, even my least favorite burger is better than almost all of the best around town.. You really cant go wrong at BGs, just pick flavors you like and are familiar with and you'll be happy. After asking the owner about where the Paris burger has gone he told me that it was a great burger, but it just wasn't selling.. Damn you Houston, get your act together.. onion, tarragon, caper aioli.. Sounds awesome to me.. I wish I had found Burger Guys a bit sooner so I could have tried it.. Hopefully he'll bring it back in the spring like he mentioned..Oh.. They're back to having lots of flavors of milkshakes to pick from again.. I noticed at least six choices on the board today..
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2010,2/18/2011,43,46,7,8,9>I've heard Reef's name get bounced around a lot over the past few years, and I've heard reviews ranging from "OMG IT'S THE SHIZZLE" to "Meh, overrated," but I never actually visited until now...because I've seen Chef Caswell competing on The Next Iron Chef, and I had to see if what I saw on TV actually lived up in person.And oh my god, it does. IT FREAKIN' DOES.The bf and I started off our dinner with a plate of the steamed mussels in Shiner Bock and ancho chile. *Gasp*...mussels with Shiner? But sir, mussels should be steamed with wine! And garlic! Not so, my friend. This was the perfect Texas counterpart to everyone's beloved Belgian style mussels. We were presented with a bowl of some of the biggest and plumpest mussels I'd ever seen. These were not mussels. These were some breed of mutants that looked and tasted like amazingly fresh mussels. I was already excited with just the quality of my little shelled friends alone, but then came the broth. The toasty flavor of the Shiner actually blended REALLY well with the ancho chile, and there was just enough cilantro thrown to give it that extra flavor. Put that together with these perfectly juicy and plump mussels, and I was left with a plate of empty mussel shells, and I was STILL trying to salvage as much of the broth as I could. SO freakin' good. I would easily come back just for the mussels alone.Another dish that was absurdly delicious was the naked rib eye with brown butter gnocchi in an arugula prosciutto broth. I'll admit when it came out my bf looked a little apprehensive...we're not used to seeing a good hunk of ribeye sitting in a pool of broth...we usually picture a nicely grilled hunk of meat on a dry plate with a glob of mashed potatoes. But holy crap, my boyfriend cut into the ribeye and the next thing I knew he was practically recreating the scene from When Harry Met Sally. The ribeye was unbelievably tender and delicious, and the prosciutto broth REALLY added to the flavor, and actually made the meat juicier. The arugula was the final finishing touch, and it tied the whole dish together with its peppery flavor. Everything about this dish was perfect. Chef Caswell has stolen my heart.One thing that I love about Reef's menu (and this is definitely reflected in Chef Caswell's cooking on The Next Iron Chef as well) is that it's very HOUSTON. Not just Texas, not just Southern, but distinctly Houston. Where else are you going to find a dessert like Vietnamese coffee tart (which is deeelish, by the way) on the same menu with roasted grouper and corn pudding, or french fries with sriracha remoulade? It's like Bryan Caswell took everything that's right about food in Houston, put it in a blender, and sprinkled it with magic dust. Reef's entire menu is like a Houston-wide tasting menu squeezed into just one sheet of paper. It really makes me appreciate the place that much more to know that it's truly a Houston institution that tries to incorporate everything we love about the city into one glorious gastronomic haven. :)We actually spotted Chef Caswell when we visited, and people were stopping him left and right to shake his hand and ask him about the show. I wanted to stop him, but I was too starstruck (and too busy chomping down my Shiner Bock mussels) to think of anything to say other than "Uh...I saw you on TV. COOOL!" Next time...next time...or maybe it's just an excuse for me to come back. :)
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2011,2/17/2011,367,667,11,11,9>Sweeeeeet Baby Jesus, this place is good enough to jump up and slap yo mamma!---Good thing she didn't go with me over to Mikki's---Anyway, somehow our office got on the subject of Soul Food, and my boss mentioned Mikki's.   I had never heard of it, so with my trusty yelp in tow, off I went.....Now, this review is based SOUL-EEE on the food, we did not stick around to eat in the establishment, as we took our back to the office.  It is set up in a small strip center on the opposite side of West bellfort, with some shady surroundings.  When you walk in there is one flat screen TV, and it is set up cafeteria style.  You have your choice of the usual such as smothered porkchops (which i got), fried fish, gumbo, baked pork chops, chicken, ect.... We opted for the smothered pork chops with two sides (mac and cheese, and collard greens) HOLY (BEEP BEEP BEEEP BEEEP!) This place gives some SERIOUSLY LARGE and in charge portions, seriously, I have food for DAYS!!!!! The plate with two sides was $13, plus some sugarific purple Kool Aid.....I didn't get any of that--but it looked tasty..... Everything tasted awesome, the cornbread that came with it was cooked perfectly, the mac and cheese was homemade, but not too greasy, and the pork chops made me start praying---I will definately be back, but not for a long time, unfortunately this is not for people that are on a diet.  You can seriously share one plate between 2 or 3 people easily.  The BEST soul food I have had in a LONG LONG time.!
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2010,2/15/2011,74,122,3,7,8>Literally right across the street from Canino Farmer's Market, they have a huge sign and easy to spot. Both times the place was busy (Fri/Sat). I'm not sure how they had time to prepare everybody's orders!I decided to order a tres leches with Pecan filling and "chocolate smear".  1/4 sheet (enough for ~20-25 people, reasonably priced). (They have a huge cake enough for 70-80 people). You have your choice of pineapple, strawberry, peach filling and various outer decorations. They certainly specialize in kid's cake - pokemon, hannah montana, etc. I thought about going the power rangers route but decided to stay w a more demure 'grown up' cake :)  They definitely had more dressed up 'grown up' cakes - customize it w something like chocolate smear with fruit on top and pecan sides. It looked amazing. I felt like a rookie after I saw that!The cake was a hit - not too sweet and not too "juicy". The cake wasn't swimming in milk and sugar. Firm and moist. The chocolate hint in the frosting was a nice touch. Everyone really enjoyed dessert! Their box says "Best tres leches"... it might just be true... I ordered the day prior to pick up and they were prompt and ready for my cake when I needed it. No issues with language barrier.  It is a clean and spacey establishment but parking could be a bit troublesome just because there's so much in/out traffic in the bakery.The bakery side was ok. I got an array of samples - rice pudding, flan, pineapple empanada, some round sugar coated thing w raisin and nuts, the bread with white sugar? lines on it and some bread filled with a yellow cream. (All shockingly under $6.)  Wouldn't say I was impressed with any of my selections besides the sugar coated thing and flan. The flan is a heavier consistency (almost cake like, denser than what I normally have tried). Impressed meaning "must return", but I would like to sample their other goods and definitely return for the tres leches and occasional flan! Great value.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2010,2/14/2011,115,296,5,7,7>A kolache in itself is already unique. Mornings Kolaches are wrapped in space foil because THEY'RE OUT OF THIS WORLD!!Let me tell you about their kolaches and what sets them apart. The bread is the perfect marriage of a regular roll and a sweet roll. It's not flaky and it's not gooey. It's fluffy and oh so nice when you bite into it.When you walk in the door, the aroma of freshly baked sweet breads lifts you off the ground and carries you to the counter. At the counter, you gaze at the wide array of kolaches. You can choose from the traditional and more common sausage and cheese (with or without jalepeno), the fruit-filled kolaches, or the ranchero -- my personal fave. The ranchero is a scramble of eggs, sausage, onion, and bell pepper with a southwest flavor.Even better, there's a frequent buyer card!Being far away from Mornings Kolaches is one of the downsides of living in the loop.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2010,2/13/2011,94,159,6,13,9>STREET FOOD AT ITS FINEST!"Buffalo Sean" is the incredibly hospitable owner of this unique street creperie and he does an excellent job of whisking together the freshest of ingredients into delicious crepes you could close your eyes and swear were made in France.  While other great cities like NYC and LA have a diverse culture of accessible street food, Houston could definitely use a push in that direction and that's exactly what Sean aims to do.SELECTION: He prides himself on a dynamic menu that changes weekly and tries to cover a wide cultural base.  His options have varied from the classic bananas & nutella crepe to ham, egg, & cheese, and even chicken enchilada and saag paneer crepes.  Today, (thanks to a lovely stranger who bought me a crepe when to my despair I was cash-less), I devoured a spinach, egg, and cheese crepe with spicy chili oil.  It was very filling and divine.WHEN TO GO: Sat & Sun 10-2, expanding hours coming soonPRICE: $5-$6 depending on the crepe, it's big enough for a meal IMO but you can get a mini kids crepe for just $2.  CASH or CHECK only.LOCATION: Westheimer @Taft, in the parking lot of Mango'sA+ for sure, and I can't wait to head back next weekend for another crispy crepe, this time with a big glob of nutella.Now Yelpers, go forth and support!!!
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2010,2/12/2011,439,285,5,13,11>I admit it has been a long time since I've had any authentic Filipino food.  The last time was about 15 years ago when I was in the Navy - we had lots of Filipino cooks.  Pancit, Adobo, you name it, it was there.  Imagine my surprise when I went to UYE and met some people who suggested I try this place:   WHOA!  Stop the bus!  I've arrived at food heaven!Filipiniana Too rocked  -- a totally awesome buffet full of chicken, pork and beef dishes, combined with some fish and veggie dishes.  All for the delicious price of $9.99 plus tax.  This does not include beverages, but water is free.This is a DYI place... go get your food, enjoy it and come back for more.  there is a complete buffet, with rice, soups and lots and LOTS of chicken, pork and beef dishes.  Welcome to protein city people.  There is, of course, Pancit (noodles with chicken and veggies) but its mostly chicken and pork dishes.  There are fish dishes here, but I steer clear of those.  The egg rolls were kind of greasy, so I avoided them.I was immersed into a past  I haven't experienced since 1994 -- a true Filipino food experience.   Totally spot on -- the adobo was awesome!  so was the pancit --- it was like a flashback to kinder days where the food was good.  Not to mention, I felt I was in Subic Bay again.   (Google that and Navy and wait for an eye opening experience).Seriously, this was one awesome place:  great buffet, food made with authentic spices and ingredients and served with honesty.  I say honest, because they list the ingredients:  things like pig livers, blood, etc.   Some places might not list it and just let it go, but at least you know what you are eating here.  And its GOOD!Come here to experience a taste of the Philippines:  you will NOT be disappointed.    Solid 4 stars!
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2010,2/11/2011,73,202,8,26,10>The Guild Shop is my husband's idea of utter hell but I think it is fun and like getting cash for stuff I don't use anymore.  Plus, I've found some great costume jewelry there over the years. Like at any establishment, there are certain little tips that can enhance your experience at The Guild which I am happy to share:1. DO NOT, repeat DO NOT EVER go here on a Saturday if you can help it. The store gets very crowded and you'll have to take a ticket to look at their jewelry (not so on other days). This is the most popular area and you can be stuck waiting a looooong time if you get behind people who seemingly want to try on every single cloisonné brooch.  However, if you have no choice but to go on a Saturday, do expect lots of shoppers and try to go near opening/closing times. 2. Prior to dropping off consignments, download their consignment form and have it all filled out. Go ahead and put sticky tags with your Guild number on your item. Have your items on the clear hangers they prefer. If you do all this beforehand, you can be in and out in 5 minutes unless you get the cranky red headed lady from the UK who volunteers at  the Take-In Counter. She is always bitching at consignors about something or another so avoid her.3. In addition to their rockin' jewelry department, The Guild often has nice ladies shoes. They are pretty picky about only displaying shoes in good condition and sometimes it is worthwhile to get a pair that has already been broken in.4. Check the price tag closely since they use a racheting down system meaning that the longer an item has been there, the cheaper it gets. You will be astonished at how inexpensive some things can be (eg. $6 for a Dana Buchman blouse in perfect condition).
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2010,2/10/2011,105,95,2,14,12>"Did I just step onto the set of Friday Night Lights?...." is what I thought upon entering Snappy's. Signs of Katy football everywhere. From the clothes people were wearing to the pictures hanging on the walls. There were also a few pictures of places in Greece. (As Glenn B. mentioned, the owners are Greek)The menu had everything you would expect from a diner type restaurant (plus Greek food). I also believe that breakfast is served all day. I opted to try the chicken fried steak sandwich. Nothing particularly special about this, just a chicken fried steak, pickles, lettuce, and tomatoes on a sesame seed bun. I also had a side order of fries.  Overall I thought the food was good. The portions were large and the price was reasonable.The wait staff were very friendly and attentive. It seemed like all the people eating were regulars. I'm going to assume that they knew each other and they also knew the wait staff. I suppose that's common for a small town (the real Katy) cafe.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,2/9/2011,284,893,9,16,10>The Rodeo is a must see for any and all Houstonians as well as any visitors.I am a Rodeo veteran. I have been going since I was a child and am now on a volunteer committee and have gone to almost single every show for around the last 5 years. I thought I'd write a review with some tips for the rookie Rodeo goers.1)  If you want to buy a cowboy hat for the rodeo buy it at Cavender's Boot City across the street from the stadium. It will be a better quality hat for a better price. 2)  Get to the grounds early so you can check out all of the different things to see, do... and eat! Arriving early also helps you avoid heavy crowds and lines at almost every venture. 3) As other reviewers mentioned - eat outside before you get into the stadium. My personal favorite is Alamo Tamale inside Reliant Arena. Alamo Tamale is also one of the most affordable meals out there. The medium tamale pie is $4.50, which is half what other meals cost out there.4)  Don't forget to walk around in Reliant Arena where there is tons of great shopping for western attire and accessories as well as the livestock show that has lots to offer, including baby animals... great for kids!5)  Also located in Reliant Arena are more Rodeo events. Being a dog lover, my favorite is the herding dogs. Adorable cow dogs herd a small group of sheep into a pen. It is adorable and funny to watch. Mutton' bustin' also goes on inside Reliant Arena, as well as the stadium during the Rodeo performance.6) If you decide to cab out there, be prepared that after the show the cab line is going to suck. Either be prepared for it, leave a few minutes early or stay late. Whatever you do just don't get yourself in a bad mood and get in a drunken fight in the cab line. You WILL get arrested.
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2010,2/8/2011,216,95,7,13,11>I seriously can't believe I had never been here until a few months ago.  I live in the area, I love tea, I had seen it, but I never went in.The owner Thia McCann says she is a Texas's only Certified Tea Master.  A quick Google search yields that it's a certification from the American Tea Masters Association and in 13 weeks and somewhere between $1500-2625 you can receive your tea mastery certification.  While I feel the price is a little steep (pun intended :P), it certainty pays off in the taste of the tea you receive.  I've tried a different tea every time I've come - all of them organic and all of them excellent especially the Japanese green teas.  When choosing your tea, you can peruse the menu as well as view and smell the teas which are displayed in little tins.  This has resulted in me trying a tea I may not have otherwise!I LOVE that they brew your tea for you as opposed to Chinese restaurants that put the leaves in the pot making it difficult to retrieve them and resulting in bitter tea.  You can choose from a varied selection of tea cups after ordering.  The teas are brewed in different types of pots depending on the type of tea, and you can order a small or large size.  You can also buy the tea by the 2 oz. so you can make it at home.  My home brew would probably shudder in comparison to their tasty tea preparation though.  (=One last note:  If you're dining at Field of Greens, they will bring your food to you.  This is a great option for me.  Two birds with one stone!
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,2/7/2011,226,316,4,16,10>After reading Melissa T.'s review, I saved it as a bookmark just in case I ever needed a doctor. That sure came in handy! I needed to go to a doctor earlier this week and needed to see one immediately. I called early morning thinking maybe she could squeeze me in later that day, and ends up she had an opening right then if I could come in. I hopped on it and went straight there. I prepared myself for the worst (long waits in the reception over an hour long, etc.) but was pleasantly surprised that after I filled out the paperwork, I was called in within 5 minutes!I found Dr. Nguyen to be a sweet, caring doctor who...1. was very knowledgeable,2. had lots of connections (referred me to a few specialist doctors for other concerns/needs I had), 3. utilized communication technology to her advantage (took notes on her laptop and already emailed my prescription to my pharmacy before I left the office),4. had a very friendly and helpful staffBecause of the numerous past bad experiences I've had with doctors (one made me wait over an hour and a half), I've been avoiding them for years. I can't tell you how comfortable I am with Dr. Nguyen and will be recommending her to any of my friends, especially who live around here too.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,2/6/2011,92,206,9,10,10>Highly recommend these guys if you're hunting for a Tur-ducken, Tur-duck, or Turk-en. Follow their cooking and thawing directions, and make sure you use a baster to lock in the juiciness. Also, be sure you use the fat drippings in the bottom of the pan to make gravy. The last minute gravy ended up being the highlight of our Thanksgiving party, people cried once it was gone. I just sucked up the turducken juice with a baster and mixed it with some cheap, bagged gravy. BOOM! Gourmet gravy!You can get an alligator stuffed turkey, stuffed pork chops, etc. This place is remarkable. If you're not feeling experimental, just pick up a stuffed chicken. They're cheap ($14) and easy to prepare. I love their Chicken Stuffed with Broccoli, Cheese & Rice. Yes, it's as awesome as it sounds. They also have Chicken Stuffed with Crawfish Etouffee & Rice, Chicken Stuffed with Chicken Jalapeno Sausage, and Chicken stuffed with Boudin. I plan on trying all of them, because honestly, how can you say no to a stuffed bird?
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2011,2/5/2011,155,315,13,11,11>Over the years, I've come to realize that birthday meals are dicey propositions, and it's easier to skip them altogether or do a birthday meal of one. First, having to remind someone it's your birthday takes the fun out of it. Second, how do you choose a restaurant? The restaurants on my shortlist aren't cheap, and I try not to take the goodwill of others to the cleaners. Third, at the actual restaurant, since others are buying, the most expensive tier of items are removed from consideration, and what if I want that Dover sole or ribeye? Fortunately, for my pre-birthday meal, I was dealing with my parents, who hadn't taken me out to eat for my birthday in a few years, so I didn't feel tacky saying, "Yo. It's my birthday. Take me out. I'm turning 25, whoooooooo!!!!!" Still, since my childhood experiences of dining out had usually consisted of Pappasito's and the Cracker Barrel, I didn't feel comfortable making my parents shell out for an app and/or dessert, a 20-something dollar entree, plus vino. But I really, really didn't want to get Tex-Mex. Or eat grits to celebrate my birthday. And then I realized I was a genius. Sunday brunch at Hugo's! It's a buffet, so the price is all-inclusive--well, excluding the alcohol. I'd been to Hugo's before for restaurant week and had been pretty impressed. Service was great, with attentive servers (something which had been seriously lacking at Catalan). The menu was themed, with two different themes and one theme having options. I'd had the Pato Confitado (duck leg confit), Callo de Hacha (pan seared scallops), and Tartalteta de Mora Azul (blueberry tart). My friends were impressed with their tuna ceviche and achiote-marinated pork ribs, and I have a vague memory of liking my scallops a lot and the other items a fair amount.I had read some Yelp reviews of Hugo's brunch and was prepared to be blown away--well, not really. Considering the amount of food I was ready to take in, it would've taken a tornado with the aid of hundreds of heavy-duty fans (I'm imagining the ones they use to simulate skydiving) to blow me away.Our server was sweet and didn't bat an eye when my mom ignored her question about her beverage selection (I guess she was really focused on her food--like mother like daughter) and my dad hollered a hello to get her attention (I think we call this fobbiness). I had a special New Year's margarita with candied kumquats, which I passed off on my dad, who is fonder of margaritas than I, and then ordered a mojito with pear nectar and calvados. It was fantastic. To be honest, it was kind of stressful eating here, because everything looked good, and I was determined (or more so than ever) to try everything. Thus, I frequently found myself landing at my table with my leg tucked under and my body leaned out towards the aisle, ready for another lap. There was a great selection, though not a monster-buffet, but since every item's great, you still get stuffed. I tried every item (four plates salty, two plates sweet, whaaat! even if I managed to pass on mostly full plates to my dad, who is our family's garbage disposal). The chips were super crisp, the tamales, the chicken, the rellenos, the...shit. I'm running out of Mexican gastronomical vocabulary. Of the desserts, the flan (sooo creamy) and chocolate cake were my faves. And hot cocoa to go with my dessert and the live mariachi band? Hey-o! One weird moment was when I was at the dessert table, and someone behind me coughed over my plate. WTF? Oh, it's my mom. What better gift than her spittle all over my plate?Since each visit was great, I'm definitely putting dinner at Hugo's on my shortlist. But not for my birthday.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2010,2/4/2011,81,217,,9,7>After visiting Catalan several times and loving every visit, I wanted to take advantage of HRW with a couple of friends.We visited on a busy Friday night.  After a half of a drink at the bar, we were promptly seated.  The HRW menu was interesting with nice options.  I had a hard time deciding between the brisket "debris" po boy or pork belly appetizer.  I chose the pork belly with the sugar cane reduction and it was perfection!  For my entree, I had the fried chicken with macaroni and cheese and a watermelon/corn/tomato salad.  The side items were delicious and full of flavor.  The fried chicken was crispy, but a little dry and not very flavorful.  My dessert of carrot cake with cream cheese ice cream was a divine ending the meal.Yum, yum, yum!  I want to go back before HRW is over to try other menu options!   I've also heard that they have some happy hour specials during the week.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2010,2/3/2011,172,157,5,15,11>Johnathan is my favorite dance instructor at Omni Salsa. His friendly disposition has made him a personable instructor; the bits of humor he adds to common mistakes makes the class enjoyable. The music starts. No metronome here. Johnathan starts counting...As he breaks down the steps, he counts.1...2... 3...5...6... 7...1...2... 3... and5...6... 7...The music fades into the background; my concentration narrows in as I listen to the instructor count off, demonstrate steps, and try to follow his example. The foot steps following the salsa patterns form their own beat, as the class moves in unison. Since, I am taking classes with my group, Social Spanish; we received 50% off the normal student price. If you can get a group of friends to take the class with you; you can save a bundle off the normal price. If not, you can get a week long trial for free, if you swing by their location and pick up a business card. ;o) It's a nice way to get started into the genre that strikes your fancy.Friday nights, I spend 60 minutes of my evening in the company of Spanish speakers, as we learn salsa 101. The new faces have become familiar faces. We greet one another and chat about our day, and before I know it, it is time to start class. So far I am pretty pleased with what I've learned, and I am looking forward to future steps I'll learn. There are so many genres of latin music, I'd like to learn to dance to; some days I wish I could learn several simultaneously, but I'd rather stick to one at a time,.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2010,2/1/2011,112,84,8,12,12>What was once known as the historic Warwick Hotel is now Hotel ZaZa-Houston = my fabulous hotel getaway!If you don't understand the culture of art & fashion, I will assure you that after staying a night in the "ZaZa", you will be a passionate artist trying to go all "Picasso" on your livingroom wall.My Hauteeee' Soiree in the Boutiqueeeee story:I always visit the Monarch Restaurant & Bar for Wednesday "Half Z's" & when there are really tasteful media parties/tastings. The Monarch is not operated by Hotel ZaZa, they are a seperate entity. Trust me, I learned the hard way when I called for the number for reservations on Hotel Zaza's website? lol hmmmm. We booked an overnight room for my sister since she was turning 21 (just rotten). The hotel room concepts are very intrinsic, well-thought out, just brilliant! From their ballroom, meeting rooms to their hotel suites. Unfortunately, we couldn't book or view any of the "Concept suites" , "Spa Suites" (Goregeous!) and the"Magnificent suites" because they were booked ever since we tried to make a reservation. Also, they have suites for individuals who are on business & they serve continental breakfast on that particular floor I do believe. If you check out their website, they have an excellent idea of what it looks like. Take my word for it, "it is exactly what it looks like online!"  We ended up booking a double bed standard room and I guarantee you that it was nothing standard about it! From the moment you enter into the elevator, you knew by the conceptual art, that the rooms were going to be an adventure. When we exited off the elevators, there were some beautiful feminist art pieces leading to the room. As soon as I stepped into the room I experienced an artistic "Alter ego" as if I was re-entering into someone elses past. I'm in agreeance with the other reviews that meantion the "sound proof" walls, I know we were loud but there wasn't any disturbances from us. The fabrication was brilliant, the room was a bit spacious than what I expected and there was a balcony where you could glance at the city. I was very pleased  compared to where we had stayed a couple weeks back in New Orleans, Hotel Le Cirque, which was located in the museum & art district as well. It wasn't my cup of tea.(That's another review haha)  Speaking of tea, on every floor, there is a Butler's pantry that serves HOT coffee & many varieties of tea every morning (and I mean hot, don't get curious and touch the shiny silver warmer!) My favorite was Passion & green tea, taste-tastic! I love their personalized cups & holders, a great way to say.. "We are very good at what we do". The service is excellent (very accomodating), when I lost my room key, they guy had ESP seriously, because when I walked up to the front desk, he immediately asked, "Did you loose your room key?" He gave me another one. You surely don't have to worry about security because Zaza stays "on the scene" HPD is always there lurking in and outside of the building. With all the security at the hotel, it had me feeling all "Fannnnccceettt'" (translation:Fancy) haha. Mainly because it is an "Upperclass slumber party", there are alot of "Very Important People" "big spendazz" & "celebrities" that stay here. Please note: They can't tell you who is staying there until they leave. There was a huge tour bus outside of the hotel. 2 weeks before we arrived, Usher was in the building! But that doesn't stop the lil' ol' lady from the 9th floor from wondering around with her 10th wine glass, stumbling on to the "very tiny" elevators. OMG! Just a suggestion, lets expand the elevators or build more onto the hotel.I found myself playing the elevator game with some strangers, on what elevator out of the 4 was going to come down first. I WON! haha. Elevators, that would have to be one of my only concerns. There was a woman, me & the bellman + the woman's dog on the elevator! Ugh! The Woman says,"He won't bite, be nice boy!", and I'm thinking to myself, "That's what they alllll say!". Street parking at Hotel ZaZa isn't the best, but you can leave your car over night for around $30 bucks or daytime park for around $13, I'm not too concise because me and my family went to Zaza with a plan. My mother parallel parked earlier during check-in time, around 4:00PM and when she left, I parked haha. I didn't move my car the whole weekend because they had an excellent chauffeur service in the top-of-the-line Cadillac SUV with exclusive Zaza tags & a Mercedez van with a nice sized screen, oh and some friends who loves to cruise his fanceeetttttt' car around the city. In conclusion, make sure you check your bill for the "overnight-parking" fee because it is an automatic fee if you bypass checkout.  I cannot wait to have another excuse to come stay at this hotel. I'm hoping I get a great V-Day deal, in which, they always send great rates & promotions through their "ZIP"club just enter your email online. Zaza is the ish!
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2010,1/31/2011,256,89,6,17,10>Ok, as much as I hate to admit it, there's no other  place that compares to the delicous cajun spicy taste The Boiling Crab offers. Now that crawfish season is over, the wait time has reduced and its not such a pain to dine here.I now find myself here for their crabs! Mmm...sooo good! Snow crab legs, dungeness crab, blue crab, king crab, you name it, they have it. Add a side of corn and potatoes dipped in their awesome garlic chunky spicy sauce and I'm in heaven! Their prices vary, but it's oh so worth it. I'm salivating just writing about it.Oh, and don't forget a nice cold beer to soothe that fire in your mouth ;) I'm very pleased to be updating my review for the better.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2010,1/30/2011,159,62,10,10,17>Best po-boy I've ever had. Ok I mean i'm no Boudreaux Boudin Boy or anything, in fact closest to NOLA I've ever been was Lake Charles. So I don't know how far you can take my opinion on the sandwich, but maaaaan they are good.I ordered the regular size half catfish/shrimp with sweet potato fries and an iced cold coca cola.They have a great homemade tartar sauce that I liked also. Squeezed some lemon over them and BAM!! Just like that, awesome taste bud explosion. Food was very fresh and filling. Nice spot perfect for a bite while adventuring downtown. On Sundays like right next door under the freeway they have a temporary church set up with mic and speakers and alot of the local homeless kickin it there. Big up's to whoever is reaching out to them like that. Thought it was cool. Believe it!
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2010,1/29/2011,419,749,17,26,22>It's official: I've divorced Montrose and Eastwood and I are very happy together.  Even though I love my new 'hood, it's kind of a bummer to have to run to Montrose every time I want a chill neighborhood hangout with cheap beer and good food (that's not named "Bohemeo's").  Thanks to Moon Tower Inn, I don't have to do that anymore--and I may actually prefer it over the Montrose mainstays, because this place is no-fuss, down-home niceness, plain and simple.Arrived for dinner on a Thursday night with the BF and walked right up to the counter.  There isn't any indoors to this place--it's got the neighborhood ice house feel going, but has a covered patio for inclement weather.  The bartender was super nice and explained our options for the sausage dogs, toppings and drink prices.  They're easy to remember, incidentally; $1 = Lone Star.  $3.25 = everything else.  BF was so shocked he had to make sure than his Guinness was, indeed, $3.25.When you order your dawgs, you take the ticket to Evan, who is the grillmaster.  They took a bit of time since we were the first of the night, but he promised us it would be worth it--and good golly, it was.  I chose the Piggie Smalls, a wild boar and cranberry sausage, and BF chose the Tatonka, a buffalo and pepper variety, both served up on a soft pretzel dough roll.  They have a few sauces to choose from, including a Thai pepper infused mayonnaise and honey mustard.  I'm kind of a purist and was disappointed there wasn't plain-ol' yellow mustard to choose--but my honey mustard was a close second with the cranberries dotting my sausage.  You choose your toppings from a little cooler on the patio and then you're off to the races.  OH EHM GEE.  Good stuff.  I could've easily destroyed another one but held off for another day.When we cashed out our tab (they do take credit cards as well), dinner and a plethora of beers between the both of us was well under $20.  Can I get a "hell yes"?  I see Moon Tower Inn in my future, and soon, too.Look for the "no. 3004" sign to guide you to the right location.  Open in the afternoon on the weekends and not open 'til 5pm on weekdays.  And now that you have all the info, you have no excuse not to visit!
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2010,1/28/2011,90,126,12,7,9>Went here for a Free Hot Yoga class about a week ago.  Since I've been running alot, I've always heard people tell me that yoga is a great way to improve your flexibility.  And since improved flexability means less injuries, I decided to try out this yoga thing after all.  My prior experience with yoga have been limited to two things:  Street Fighter and Wii Fit.  Since I've been a big fan of Street Fighter for a number of years, I have associated Dhalsim with yoga.  For those who don't know who I'm talking about, Dhalsim is the Indian character from the Street Fighter video game series who has supposedly mastered yoga to the point where he is able to attack his opponent with hyperextendable limbs, spitting fireballs and teleporting.  To say that I was dissapointed when I learned that yoga isn't a form of martial arts is an understatement:(  Another experience with yoga came in the form of Wii Fit on the Wii.  I got to the part where you have to do the "Warrior" pose and the "Tree" pose while balancing on the Wii balance board and quit playing soon after.  It was a cold Saturday morning and I woke up early enough to drive to the free hot yoga class with a towel, bottle of water, and a yoga matt I just happened to own.  I showed up around 0745 to an almost empty lot.  The parking lot soon filled up and I followed everyone into the building.  The male to female ratio was around 1:1 and there were other first timers taking advantage of the promotion like me.  So I changed into my workout clothes and stashed my stuff under a seat in the lobby.  I was told that they lock the doors once the class starts so my stuff was secure.  The heat hit me once I stepped in the the instruction room.  Our instructor told us that the temperature was 93 degrees that day but it is usually at 103 degrees.  I took my spot towards the back of the room and followed along as best as I could.  I didn't know that trying twist myself into awkward positions and holding those positions for a prolonged time could be so exhausting.  I was able to do most of the poses but some of the others participants were able to take them to a whole other step that made my back hurt just looking at them.  Going here hasn't made me a yoga fanatic to practice yoga everyday but I can see myself doing it weekly basis.  Also after practicing hot yoga, people were practically steaming as when walked outside into the cold weather.  Almost as if they could have spit fireballs:P
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2010,1/27/2011,40,160,7,10,9>OK. I am a believer.  In the midst of Houston's 100 degree summer, I finally caved in to my Ice Cream Craving.  I had long wanted to go to Hank's but had been several times when they were closed.  I called ahead and was told their summer hours are until 9 PM.  Ahhhh....I am getting ice cream.It is easy to find , located in the stip of a strip center near Reliant Park.  The parlor itself is smaller than my living room.  One cooler with about 16 flavors of ice cream - rotated according to season - and staffed with 3 people plus Hank, who entertains the waiting line.  "We will be with you in just a minute, young man," he says, the irony making me giggle since I am nearly 50.  "Hon, have you been helped?" says the lady behind the counter.  I feel right at home, welcomed and graciously served.Flavours, as noted, change with the season.  They had the standard Chocolate and Vanilla, but also French Silk, Chocolate Pisatachio, Rum Raisin, Buttered Pecan, Caramel Pecan and, my favourite, Sweet Corn.  All made with fresh ingredients and chock-full of pecan halves (NOT pieces), chocolate chips, dulce de leche..... you know that someone took time and pride in making this ice cream.Lagniappe:  I ordered two pints to go.  One pint is $5.08 and a quart is $8.16.  I expected to pay $10.16, but paid $8.16 because, as the man said, "Two pints is a quart"Why have I waited so long to go here?  As soon as I finish the ice cream in my freezer - or tomorrow - whichever comes first - I am sure I will be back at Hank's.  It is not just that I can taste the flavour of youth here, but they acknowledge it......Hello Young Man!   No, how you durrin?
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2010,1/26/2011,2219,1117,6,8,7>Bombay the hard way.You know whenever you have a special playlist on your iPod devoted to a certain type of food, you load it up in your car around the magical noon hour of lunch and you push play, you are going to take the food and the experience seriously because quite frankly, you are a serious person. The special playlist on the iPod includes tracks from DJ Shadow and Dan the Automator's masterpiece "Bombay the Hard Way" and all sorts of wonderful memories flash in front of your eyes like catching a DJ Shadow show with the entire Quannum label in Austin during those long-lost college years of ye olden times. The music is not about the food, it is a mindset, one cultivated living back in England trying all sorts and types of Indian food. Some good, some great, some terrible - but all enjoyable experiences for one reason or another. And that journey, like being stuck in traffic on NASA Road 1, brings you to the parking lot of the restaurant and now we are ready for the serious experience of lunch food, namely that of the Indian subcontinent.The parking lot was jam-packed today. The restaurant is not huge like Kiran's in Highland Village so at times it can start to get a bit cozy inside, but it is never violative of your personal space. As you walk in you are greeted with a polite and smiling host, even when it is busy the guy does not become grumpy or flighty and overwhelmed. There is a bar area in the main room with the buffet; the main room with the buffet has many tables and booths; and then there is a smaller room behind the bar which is more secluded if you need to have one of "those" kind of talks where someone ends up crying - best to do it where it becomes a spectacle for the rest of us instead of not being noticed in the main room since things can get a bit noisy and drown out-y up in that piece. The buffet line moves at a fairly quick clip since it is mostly regulars that eat here. If you hold up the line we know you are a first-timer but I've never thrown a plate at anyone or seen a plate thrown by anyone else yet. You start out with your typical salad, cucumbers, large sliced tomatoes and whatnot; but the big kicker and one of my favorite parts are the onions prepared with some spices (don't ask me what kind) that go amazingly well paired with the salad. There is yogurt dressing, other types of salad dressing, and one of the best hot sauces I have found at all sorts of ethnic dining places (think Sriracha sauce with less salt overdose, more creamy, and no wtf-aftertaste.) After the salad area you get into your vegetable dishes of all sorts. I have never had a bad dish but I generally stick to the non-fried things and really enjoy the eggplant based dish.Their website does not have the buffet menu but I promise when you walk in everything is carefully labeled with the name of the dish and what the dish is composed of on the buffet overhang, there really is no confusion, although I could not be super specific with what I just ate.Indian food is one of those things that requires a careful approach and delicate nuances. Cuisine of India manages to tick both boxes with their food. The food is not pretentious and imposing - it can be your first experience with Indian or you could have lived in England and tried varieties over the course of years, either way it does not freak you out that you are not wearing a tuxedo while you eat this. The food manages to be consistent and of quality - it's clearly not the filet mignon equivalent of "night out on the town" quality, but for a lunch buffet you can tell that you are not getting something fished out of the supermarket's $0.20 deal-buster of the day out of the questionable looking bucket in the back alley. The naan is always coming, I wonder about you if you can actually finish eating all of yours before the naan guy comes back around to offer you more. Drinks get refilled at similar pace.If you remember this place in the old location: things have changed for the better. You no longer need to worry about getting shanked by the questionably sketchy looking hooligans milling around in the parking lot. Here in the new spot the parking lot customers are either eating here with you (white collar ballers,) grabbing a lunch time donut at Shipley's next door (engineers,) or they are going into the weight loss clinic hilariously sandwiched between a buffet and a donut store. Wow. I needed a good hearty laugh and I got one.If you are trying to decide between this place and Mogul's on Bay Area: it's your choice, but having eaten at both, I am always coming here or petitioning the crowd to come eat here over Mogul's because of the consistency; the better dish variety; and it is a cleaner looking crowd and atmosphere to be in.It is not the best Indian food in the world - but it is enough to have spurred a dedicated iPod playlist, me actually hitting play on the iPod, turning the volume up, driving over, and eating my feelings away.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2010,1/25/2011,35,170,3,8,7>Five stars because it was the perfect spot to end my birthday night last night.  Friendly bartenders mixed up two great cocktails for us: Kelly S had the pumpkin martini which was mixed up with fresh pumpkin puree.  Yes you heard right. FRESH (made this morning) PUMPKIN (so it actually tasted like pumpkin) PUREE (the real deal!).If I'm checking out a place's cocktails, my litmus test is usually going to be the Manhattan, and I don't have a single complaint about the Vic's Manhattan.  I savored every last drop, right down to the bourbon soaked cherry...and this was no maraschino cherry from a jar..uh uh uh. This was a legit dried cherry...that had then been soaked in Bourbon. Frigggin' delicious!The drinks were decently priced at 9 bucks each--I wouldn't have been surprised if they were charging double digits for that quality of a drink...but I sure hope they don't start charging that soon. Many of their other drinks sound great and they've got a good selection of (pricey) beers.  The food sounds (and smelled) delicious, so we'll definitely be back soon and this review will for sure get updated.Cheers!
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2010,1/24/2011,29,177,3,8,5>The BF and I tried this place out for our Sat. lunch.The restaurant itself if very cute and pleasant and I found myself liking it a lot--despite the view of the Islamic Da'wah Center....Anyhoooo, we ordered 2 of the Empanadas Cubania appetizers:  Sauted Minced Ground Beef & Potoates in a Corn Crust. They were quite tasty!!For my meal I ordered the Ropa Vieja:  Shredded Beef Cuban creole style, served w/rice, black beans and maduros. It too was very good.  I didn't really care for the maduros--they were like sweet fried bananas, but I am glad that I had the opportunity to try them out.All in all, a great lunch spot--I can definately see us coming back here again!
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2010,1/23/2011,153,176,4,9,9>Came here with the girlfriend yesterday. We were down at Montrose and West Gray cheering on a friend who was running the Houston Marathon. Once our friend passed, we decided we needed food and quick. I remember seeing this place and noticing the "Open 24 Hours" sign outside. So, we ventured over for some breakfast. Right as we walked in, we were greeted by the friendliest man you'll ever meet. I don't know if he was the owner or manager but he was incredible. He sat us and gave us our water immediately. He then just started asking us questions and complimenting us. I'm not one for talking to people at restaurants but he was very genuine and so it was hard not to want to talk to him. After looking through menu, I found exactly what I was wanting to eat. I opted Chicken Souvlaki. I've said it before, but I'll say it again, I'm not big on breakfast foods. I've been craving Greek for some time now and this definitely took care of that. I didn't want to go to Niko, Niko's because they just give too much food and I think they're a bit overrated. The girlfriend took the simple route and ordered the eggs, bacon and grits meal. Hers was good, but mine was outstanding. I will definitely come here again and being open 24 hours a day will come in handy one late night in the near future.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2010,1/22/2011,138,127,2,12,7>Thank the FTR Gods, I just knew someone would have already beaten me to the proverbial punch!I have been waiting with baited breath for a new breakfast place in the Heights. Finally we have that local charm in Pie In the Sky Co. on 19th. I came in for breakfast and they delivered a great experience. The restaurant was cheery and bright with a wall of homemade artisan breads and pastries that looked amazing.I had the Dad's breakfast - two eggs (your choice), with grits or potatoes, toast and bacon and a cup o' joe. Total bill $7. Unlike the "other" breakfast place in the Heights, my food came out promptly and more importantly, hot. Extra points came when I asked for hot sauce, and instead of bringing me the dreaded Tabasco, they actually brought Louisiana hot sauce!Service was super friendly from a blonde pixie haired girl and she definitely did not rush me to leave the table, instead said, "don't rush, relax and enjoy." Apparently it's a big deal to save room for some pie, but I just didn't have the room after the filling breakfast.Can't wait for our first UYE there. I know it won't be long before there will be a line out the door for breakfast and lunch daily...
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2010,1/21/2011,116,293,3,13,9>Dinner here, even with a 7:45pm reservation on a Saturday, was pretty dead. But with time, a few more tables got occupied. Since we were one of the early diners, we a had lovely seat overlooking the park. We weren't very hungry so we opted to order a few enotecas, which is their "small plates". The arugula salad and prosciutto flatbread was spot on! Their prosciutto flatbread easily one of the best I've tried. But, we weren't impressed by the wild mushroom crostini, it was very creamy. My husband also ordered a lobster risotto. One bite of this and I felt I was back in Barcelona! I thought it was that good but my husband thought it could use a bit more salt. Just beware when the waiter asks you if you want sparkling or still water, still water is $9. Yes, it's imported from Italy I'm afraid. If I had known that, I would've asked for local tap water. Valet is free with validation. You can get your ticket validated with the hostess.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2010,1/20/2011,150,374,7,12,8>It's been some time since I visited Masraff's. The last time I went, they were still in the old location in the house on Post Oak. While I was somewhat disappointed to hear they moved into a strip mall, my dining experience there changed my attitude. Waiting on our table in the bar was an experience in itself. In some ways, I couldn't wait to get out of that area with the cheesy xylophone-jazz being delivered through a gentleman who may have been around when jazz was first invented (by all means a kindly old man) and the antics of the mixed-background patronage. The people in the bar were, well, older. Watching the old men hit on the "younger" cougars was excellent pre-dinner entertainment. But that xylophone jazz drove me nuts.What really shines here is the food. An appetizer at the bar of some sort of shrimp croquettes was addictive. For dinner, we enjoyed the HRW menu, I started with the mushroom ravioli with truffle oil and lemon sage, which was so rich, it was meal in itself. The chef came out to describe how he made them - I love that. Then the sea bass - this was an excellent dish, but was just perhaps an hour from turning less than fresh - I could just barely taste the "fishy aroma". But otherwise, it was fine - it sat on a fantastic bed of grits that almost outshined the fish itself. The dessert was fantastic - a double chocolate fondant with vanilla bean ice cream and crème anglais. I rolled out of here so stuffed, all I wanted to do was go to bed. I think I woke up 48 hours later.I was peeved at how long it took the service to bring the bottle of wine we ordered. We were already done with the first course by the time they brought it. With all the service in this place, you would think it would have been out in a flash.Mr. Masraff himself even came out to greet us after the meal, which is always a nice touch. Great to see Masraff's is still an excellent choice for upscale dining!
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,1/19/2011,215,403,22,23,22>Barbeque is a religion to many folks in Texas.  And let me tell you, I have seen the Light!  Call me the newest Apostle of the Church of Gatlin's.I'd heard about this place through word of mouth, Yelp, and the reviews in the paper and they just don't do it justice.  It's the best barbecue I've had, in like...ever.  The other customers present (who perhaps have been in Texas since before barbeque was invented) just raved and babbled in tongues about how good this place is.Let's start with the truth as revealed to me this very day.  The meat was perfect.  You know cruddy barbeque because you've had it--oily and greasy or just dry and tough.  Not here!  The pulled pork had a nice rub char on the outside, and although a dry-style it was still tender and deliciously seasoned.  The meat had that thick texture, as if someone really pulled it from the bone, moist, with a hint of smoke on the palate.  The ribs...wow.  Wow.  Wow.  Again, that perfect seasoning, fall-off-the-bone, dry-style but completely tender and no greasiness (don't worry, it's got fat on it).  I have missed pulled pork (and love ribs) so much that I think it's going to be hard for me to try the brisket, etc.Sides are standard.  Yellow potato salad, beans, ranch beans...and green beans for us low-carb inclined.  The green beans were tasty and had a ton of bacon in them, so it was kind of like a third meat.  The sides were good but not noteworthy.It's a small seating area.  I mean, no, really, you need to step outside to change your mind.  There are 8 seats at 3 tables, so unless you are here randomly when a spot is open, consider this to be Take-Out.This place is a Mom and Pop organization, through and through (Mom introduced Pop when he came out from the kitchen).  My biggest fear, shared by customers there, is that as it becomes more and more popular, the place will have trouble managing the growth.  The result being that it will be difficult to get the heavenly food that Gatlin's serves.Ugh...time for Penance at the gym.Can you give me a Hallelujah, brothers and sisters!
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2010,1/18/2011,3163,3020,20,17,16>WOW, just WOW.I can only vouch for the tortas.  Yes the tortas.So I have never had a torta before but my gf simply just loves this place.  I don't usually take non-yelp recommendations but it was about 10 pm and there weren't that many late night options and I was starving so I decided to give in to her demands.I must say I did not like the chips in salsa, but that's not a make or break for me.  I usually order fajitas or quesadillas but my gf said no just stick to the tortas.  I was starving so I decided to get 2.  The waiter did a double take, and I was like um...ok.  I got a shrimp and a beef torta.  My gf got a chicken torta with fries.The sandwich came out pretty fast and the waiter blessed me when placing down both sandwiches.  Apparently he had no idea how much I eat.  I took my first bite into the beef torta and was blown away.  It was like a mexican version of a bad ass burger.  The bread is like an awkward shaped bun, toasted and covered with mayo and guacamole.  The only thing I could complain about is I wish there was a little bit more meat.  But the bread and guac is what makes this thing so awesome.  The bread is toasted yet so soft, the guac is super flavorful and really enhances the meat.  The shrimp sandwich was actually better than the beef.  I didn't know what to expect out of basically a shrimp burger but it came together well.The last and final test was how would my stomach react since it usually does not like Tex-Mex.  1 day later, still happy.  If this place is this good sober, I can't wait to eat it a bit tipsy.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2010,1/17/2011,99,168,9,14,11>My lazy Sunday morning was interrupted by a text demanding the best bloody mary in Houston. 30 minutes later, Neil K. and I arrived at Raven Grill, the restaurant that boasts this accolade. I had not visited this American meets Southwest bistro in several years and completely forgot how sweet it is. If Pottery Barn and West Elm got together and had a restaurant baby, this would be it...weird analogy...but hopefully you get that this place is understated chic and 100% soothing. We were seated in a small booth immediately and reviewed the short but smart and affordable brunch menu. It had eggs benedict for the egg fanatics, french toast for the carb fanatics, and breakfast enchiladas for the tex mex fanatics, among a few other dishes. As I nibbled on the delicious cranberry nut bread at the table, I settled on the MARGHERITA GRILLED CHEESE off the lunch side of the menu, while Neil obviously went for the breakfast enchilada. Enter Bloody Mary. They were definitely lacking in vodka, so while they were indeed refreshing, the title of "Houston's Best" is a wee bit presumptuous. Then came our brunch orders. Hello, best grilled cheese ever! My Margherita grilled cheese was filled with ooey - gooey mozzarella, tomato, and garlic heaven pesto on beautifully grilled sourdough. The burnt cheese that leaked through to the other side of the bread only contributed to the excellent texture and flavor of this meal. The waiter claimed it's all he ate the first three months working at Raven and I don't blame him. Neil was just as enthusiastic about his southwest breakfast enchiladas filled with grilled chicken inside of a corn tortilla topped with a delectable fried egg. The only real fail for both of our meals was the side of green chili cheese grits. Being a cheese grits enthusiast, I was indeed pleased with my first forkful - cheap lust. Then came the second and the final third bite which put an end to our initial spark. It just didn't work for either of us and the spice had nothing to do with it. Hey, Raven Grill - don't worry about it. With both of our meals coming in below $10 each and $5 drinks, you are still a winner to me in the brunch department. Bottom Line - You'll already be impressed with it's understated beauty and charm, and then you get the meal and the bill and you too will fall in love.
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2010,1/16/2011,152,164,5,16,11>This place is tucked away in a shabby strip center on the far West side of town. But you wouldn't know it when you came inside and experienced the simple elegance of the interior. I came with a very large group (10+ people) of friends and had some of the best service I've ever had while dining out. I had the Entrada, which is a Uruguayan Skirt Steak. It was so moist and tender. I got to try some of my friend's Milanesa Suprema de Pollo, which is like a very thin chicken fried chicken covered with ham and dijon cheese sauce. It was wonderful. There were no vegetarians in the group that evening but I did note that they had several vegetarian options on the menu. We all got so carried away laughing and drinking wine so it was fortunate for us that when the bill came it was already split for each person. We didn't even have to ask! I will definitely come back, I just wish it were closer to my side of town.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,1/15/2011,123,317,8,8,9>I hadn't been back to Brennan's since they rebuilt, and I am seriously impressed.I went there with my fiancée and my parents to celebrate Christmas, New Years, and the fact that my dad got a gift certificate to Brennan's.The first thing that gets your attention is how beautiful the restaurant is decorated.  The brick facade, the high-backed yellow chairs (so comfy!), and the artistic wallpaper on the ceiling with the candelabra chandeliers.  I thought the place just looked amazing.We were seated in the main dining room, and immediately were greeted by our two servers for the meal.  Both of them were so friendly.  I find it is hard to get good service at a lot of places, but this place has it nailed.And the food... oh man... I got the lunch special with a bowl of their gumbo and the Wild Game enchiladas.  The rest of the group had a chopped salad, a butternut squash soup, and the turtle soup, with two Pork Osso Bucos, and the Truffled Chicken.  Everything was so tasty, and the soups were incredible.I loved my meal, but I had somehow (not really) saved room for dessert.  I got the strawberry shortcake, my mum got the famous bread pudding, my dad went for the bananas foster, and my fiancée got the chocolate mousse layered cake with chipotle sea salt on it.  All of the desserts were good, but the chipotle sea salt stole the show.  We even told our waiter about a dessert that we had tried before with vanilla ice cream, olive oil, and plain sea salt on it.  He was so intrigued, and so was the pastry chef, that they asked us to try it with the chipotle sea salt to see if we liked it.  Not only did we love it, but our waiter made some of his own and he became obsessed with the idea.  So if you see it on the menu, give Lauren J. credit!All in all, this was a wonderful place to celebrate, and I am excited for my next trip back.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2010,1/14/2011,231,233,15,12,10>I'm caving. I'm writing a review for Doozo. Once, a coworker gave all 5'0" of me the once over (looked me up and down) and bet me $100 dollars that I couldn't eat 2 full boxes of Doozo dumplings. Reference Long T's photo- these dumplings are huge. 2 full boxes = 20 dumplings. for $12. He was shocked, because sure enough-I won $100 that day. --Don't be daunted by the long line, it moves very fast with the "dumpling nazi's" militant efficiency. Besides, sometimes you can enjoy the random acoustic crooning of a Potbelly's performer. You get to the front of the line and place your order- full order (10) or half order, how spicy or non spicy do you want your sauce, what do you want inside the dumplings. She rings you up, someone hands you your dumplings right away.  I do feel kind of sorry for the person in the back opening the plastic bags so that boxes of dumplings can be dropped into them without fuss. They have someone swiping credit cards on the side, but I think there's a $5 minimum to use credit. Their spring rolls are good with the peanut sauce, their hot and sour soup is delicious. I like their veggie dumplings the best. The dough is delicious to my carb-craving body. If you need fiber or want to be like Popeye, the veggie dumplings offer plenty of spinach. Ask for the spicy sauce. I DRENCH my dumplings in sauce. And yes, I do double and triple dip, but no, I don't have cooties. And yes, they do have forks for the people who feel chopsticks are too unwieldy. I will put in the caveat- I know that other Yelpers have noticed that batches of dumplings will be undercooked. This is true. When you produce 6,000 dumplings a day, you'll get a bad batch every once in a while. I'm not going to lie, I've definitely fallen victim to a bad batch of dumplings. But they are too good. I'm coming back, even without the $100 bet.
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2010,1/13/2011,229,569,10,13,13>I've been waiting a long time for someone in town to give us a glimpse of a true philly. What took you so long Papa Geno??? The cans of cheese whiz behind the counter seemed to glow as the girlfriend and I walked in to order. First off, these things are beasts. . . very authentic. Papa Geno's philly's will devastate the mild-stomached. Approach with caution, but be prepared to be left in an altered state when finished. . . or to pass out. It's an exhausting experience. I've made my fair way around Philly's in Philly and Papa Geno has got it right. The key difference is the spiciness of the meat here. The seasoning is unlike any Philly I've had. It's a good thing--makes it a Houston original! There's more on the menu, but I suspect it'll take me a while to get back to it--I'm still kinda tired from our first trip to Papa Geno's
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,1/12/2011,2,225,15,18,20>As a middle-aged, married man, I'm no longer accustomed to getting wooed. (That's woo'ed, as in past tense, the act of courting.) To be completely truthful, I didn't get wooed all that much when I was a single twenty something, either. Not the point. As I mentioned on my recent review of Kata, my first review of Soma received a wonderfully professional response from Ryan S, the owner. We got into a long chat about food, and restaurants and other things, and he got me to understand that I had gone to Soma with the wrong expectations which is why I didn't enjoy myself. It was a very good conversation all around. About a month or two ago I started on a quest to find local steaks for my brother and I to dine  on while he was visiting from Chicago. We were shocked by several apparent truths. 1) You basically can't get Texas long horn East of El Paso except as ground meat 2) Basically every steak joint in Houston and the surrounding area sources their steaks from Allen Brothers, not locally. 3) The best local steak you can get is actually Akaushi, which is Japanese, not Texan, originally. 4) All the steak houses are trying to be Chicago style, instead of (West) Texas style. All of which seems very odd. So, encouraged by our good talk, I turned to Ryan and asked if he could help us. He was also shocked to discover these same truths. So in the end, he offered to host us at Soma and take care of everything for us. When he asked me what we wanted with the steaks, I told him that since I'd made such a mistake on my first visit, to take this opportunity to show me what Soma is all about. We showed up at 5pm this evening, and boy did they ever show us. We got the royal treatment, and then some. Civiche, cured fish, fried fish with crispy tofu and a killer bottle of sake got us started before the steaks even arrived. I would try to describe all the ingredients in these three dishes, but I know I'll forget half of what was in them. They were absolutely brilliant in every detail, however. I still hold to what I've said before, which is that you can only taste so many things at one time, and I'm sure I was missing a lot of what was going on in each of these three plates. They had a lot of elements. The steaks came out cooked to perfection. I'm one of those guys who wants steak to taste like steak. And these did. The akaushi is certainly not lean, but this ensures you can cook it to medium and it isn't the slightest hint of dry. Which is not a bad thing at all. There came with a wonderful sauce, thoughtfully to the side to be poured as desired. It was rich, dark and strong (how some people like their men, so I am told). We had a side of greens in a truffle oil and a take on gratin potatoes which were creamy but firm. This all came out paired wonderfully with an '08 pinot noir from California which struck us on the nose strangely at first (neither of us reach for pinot noir very often, so this is no reflection on the wine) but which paired with the plate perfectly.  Dessert was a frightfully decadent peach cobbler in a crispy dough shell paired with and exotic and subtle ice cream the details of which slipped completely off my food coma glazed brain. To top it all off, we got to hear Cibo Matto over the sound system during our meal. I'm one of those people who knows enough about food to know that I don't know enough about food. I'm skeptical about how many elements can be in a dish before things get lost. I bristle when obsequious smarm is offered in place of attentive charm. I'm openly frustrated when things are clearly priced to make customers feel like a big shot. Tonight I got to push my experience and attempt to appreciate food that may be a bit beyond my reach just now, but it encouraged me to learn. I was treated expertly by the staff. And I came into the experience prepared to pay for a premium night out. I've been learning to laugh at myself as much as I laugh at others, and so I am willing to take a step back and say that I may have lumped Soma in with the wrong crowd because a handful of jerks were attending the happy hour last time I came and I was expecting a "sushi bar" which Soma both is, and is not. I was wrong about Soma. Now, I don't expect to get the royal treatment every time I go. Ryan was doing me a (HUGE) favor, and it was 5-7pm on a Tuesday after a holiday. But I have learned that Soma takes what they do very seriously, and they do it very well. I also learned that I'd gotten a bit too cynical about flashy decor and hip locations. I was wrong. I have been wooed. Is that better than being wowed? It just might be.
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2010,1/11/2011,211,151,9,26,17>You really shouldn't judge a book by its cover.This place has all the douche warning signs of any typical Washington night spot-- 1) "upscale" sports lounge (think Sawyer Park), 2) fancy interior, and 3) the Washington address. But it's actually anything but douchey!Yeah, it's an upscale sports lounge, but it's done with great taste without being pretentious. They have pool tables on one side, tables throughout the middle with leather chairs (which they allow you to move to make bigger tables if you have a large group), a couch, a fully stocked bar, tons of beers on tap, and then a private events room. And the name? It's 360 because everywhere you turn, you have a great view of the game you're watching.I love this place because it's not crowded yet since it's still a semi-kept secret. I can come here and watch my Longhorns play without having to deal with seating room or flagging down a waitress. The waitstaff is very polite and attentive. The bartenders are quick too. If you're not a beer drinker, they have a fully stocked bar for your enjoyment. They also feature the 100oz beer towers (approximately 6ish beers) which look pretty awesome. It's $25 for a Miller Lite beer tower, which I think is a reasonable price.The kitchen is open until 2am and their menu has pretty classic bar food as well as some nice touches of class. I had the mac and cheese and onion rings, both of which were pretty good. Their fries are pretty spicy so be sure to ask for no spice if you can't handle the heat. The food overall is saltier than I prefer... probably so that I can continue to wash it down with a cold beer. The best part of all? No dress code and a free parking garage behind. I'm glad this place opened up in time for football season.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2010,1/10/2011,393,766,12,19,14>I once dated a guy obsessed with Japan.  I swear he only dated me because I was the closest thing he was gonna find to a Japanese girl in the area.  That being said, I thought of him immediately upon entering this store.  The bombarding of hellos and goodbyes to each customer in Japanese was just too adorable.  Course I was only in there for about half an hour, so I'm sure it just would've been irritating had I stayed longer.The concept is pretty simple--most items are $2 and anything more is marked by a sticker.  They have a built in system to sucker you into buying more stuff you'll never need with the wall'o'gifts on the side.  If you buy 10 items, you get to choose a free gift from a side wall.  Smart marketing since it is so easy to justify buying ten items of such cheap things.The stuff in here ranges from the adorable chopstick holders (and chopsticks, of course) to throw pillows to stationary to towels to school supplies.  It was fun to be in a Japanese goods store that wasn't plastered from wall to wall in Sanrio gear (yes, there's more to Japan to Hello Kitty!) or Pokemon.  The one thing that almost made me drop them down to a four star rating was the awful, stereotypical shadowing that Asian salespeople are known for.  Seriously, I understand that theft may be a problem in your store--but do you have to be two steps behind me the entire time?  They try so casually to look like they just "happen" to be right next to you at every corner, but you know that they just want to make sure you're not stealing or breaking things.  Yes, it is a little thing but enough to put me off a bit.  Nevertheless, I love the concept of the store and will be back for goods next time I want to throw a themed party for cheap!
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2010,1/9/2011,466,956,8,10,10>I happen to purchase a groupon for a facial at Renude. I am so glad that I did!! I made my appointment a few days in advanced and was told that if I missed my appt, I would forfeit my groupon (so, make sure you can make it!). The place is located in front of Adobe's parking lot. You have to use the middle door to go up the stairs to Renude. When I walked in, Carolina was at the desk and greeted me very warmly. I told her I had a 2pm. She was super friendly and prepared the room while I waited a few minutes. The place is a little bright for a spa, but do expect Carolina to treat you better than any spa would. She is very professional and very savvy of her line of work. I really appreciated her giving me recommendations for my skin, even things that would bring her no profit at all. I really liked feeling that 110% of her attention was on my skin while my facial was in progress. I had my facial yesterday and my skin feels just wonderful today. The products she uses are very gentle and did not irritate my very sensitive skin, that is definitely a plus. I also saved some money compared to Facelogic and the service was, if not similar, then better! I will definitely be going back to Carolina, she was pretty awesome and gentle... even when she was extracting about a million white/black heads from my face. Who could you say THAT about?! You guessed it, I do recommend Renude and, dare I say I may just try a Brazilian Wax one day?! Well, maybe one day! P.S. This is a woman owned business and I 100% support professional women dedicated to providing great service! You won't regret visiting this place!
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2010,1/8/2011,90,255,5,14,10>Here's the thing about Haven...well, maybe 2 things:1. Randy Evans has been working his butt off to get this place open for a long time, and its opening has been highly anticipated: peoples' standards are through the roof.2. While it's a pricey place, the food, decor, waitstaff, chefs, ambiance, and overall experience make every cent worth it.We all know organic, locally sourced food prepared by a talented chef is going to be good.  Among the standouts are:-wild boar chili: depth of flavor was outstanding, and portion is generous for an appetizer.-fried gulf oyster salad: big portion on this one too in my opinion, but savored every bite.  The combination of oysters and whatever was in that dressing was unreal.-head on shrimp and grits: while the grits were a bit sweet for my liking, interesting combination of flavors and well-cooked shrimp-leek soup: wow.  It was the soup of the day, so it's not on their regular menu.  Let me just say it was an out of body experience.  So good, in fact, that I ended up with some on my shirt to save for later.-fresh cream cheesecake: surprisingly savory, especially with the beet sauce.  It's the perfect dessert for people who aren't a big fan of the sweet stuff.If you want to save some dough, go like I did for lunch.  Also, park in the street - they do have the frustrating valet situation happening, even at 11am for lunch.  If you go early, you also might have the luck to chat with Chef Randy before he gets busy - that man is passionate about his craft and friendly as they come.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2010,1/7/2011,178,1288,9,11,12>He shoots and he SCORES!  The Maple Leaf Pub is the winner of the cup for best pubs in Houston! I'm not a drinker but I still love a good pub. I recently headed to Maple Leaf on Thursday night for quiz night. Wow, what an AWESOME place! Both my parents are Canadian, so Canadian themed pubs would already be on my list of places to visit. This pub is so great.  Located in midtown, we found quick parking in the lot next door. We went in and our group began to trickle in and sit at the table by the darts area.  Yes, they have darts!  Of course, we were able to watch some hockey on the TVs too.The waitress came by often to check on us. The people who indulged in steak night really enjoyed their food. There was pizza floating around too. Quiz night was awesome. If you've never been to a pub quiz (they are standard in pubs in England), then you need to get to Maple Leaf on Thursday nights. The quiz starts at 8pm but be there earlier, because the place gets PACKED. There were 25 teams on the night I went and each team could have up to 6 players.  Anyway, 8 rounds of quiz questions later and a great night was had by all.  There are large doors that open and people walk in and out enjoying the night air. It also gives smokers easy access to go outside but still be able to hear what's going on inside.  I hate cigarette smoke and never once smelled it. Something about how they have the AC set up or something pushes air out the doors and you never get hit with any smoke.When my Canadian cousins come in town... we're going to Maple Leaf. When my English friends (my husband is English... I know, we're the American melting pot in my family)... we're going to Maple Leaf.When my friends want a fun game night with drinking... we're going to Maple Leaf!I was born in Houston but the Maple Leaf Pub makes me want to yell "I AM CANADIAN!" (you need to have seen the Molson commercials in Canada, but if you are Canadian, you have!)
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2010,1/6/2011,427,838,16,22,14>To my two and a half loyal readers, I apologize for the lack of Houston reviews. Partly due to extensive travel, and partly due to real life obligations, it's become quite difficult to find "hip, new things" to do in Houston. But when I do, I know I can always count on Yelp to bring the awesome. Thanks, Yelp! To that end, I'm paying it forward and telling you about an amazing gem of a restaurant called Latin Bites Cafe.The girlfriend and I were looking for something to chow down on prior to the Gaslight Anthem concert at Warehouse Live (yelp.com/biz/warehouse-l), and I was in the mood for something ethnic. So Peruvian food, why not? It's tucked just north of downtown in an area where you wouldn't really pass by unless you're looking for something specific. Luckily, we were looking for Latin Bites Cafe. FYI, there's ample street parking just outside the restaurant.It's a cozy place, so on busy nights, reservations are suggested. As it were, we were seated immediately at the bar, where you can watch the chefs in action. Our hostess/waitress was phenomenal and more than helpful with our menu selections. And the chefs always came by with a smile whenever they brought over a finished plate. Enough chat, onto the food!Although the food is Peruvian-based, the flavors are actually presented as a fusion of Peruvian with "exquisite gastronomy lays on the influence from Asian, European, and African cultures." In other words, YUM.We started with the sashimi tiradito tres sabores and were immediately struck by the chef's affinity for pastel colors. The guy must have been either Pierre-Auguste Renoir or the Easter Bunny in a former life. Whatever the case may be, they colors are striking; they add an almost abnormality to the fact that you're eating food. But I mean that in a good way. The sashimi is smothered in sauce but doesn't mask the fish flavor. The sauces complement each other nicely, and the girlfriend and I each had a different favorite. I won't tell you which one, we can just compare notes after.The next dish, the causitas, was my favorite and an absolute gem. Likewise plastered with pastel, the causitas are Peruvian whipped potatoes. If you like KFC's mashed potatoes (and let's be honest, who doesn't?), you'll love the causitas. Again, the pastels are functional as well as decorative, as each potato stack is flavored differently and topped with a different ingredient. Again, I'll let you decide what your favorite is.I'm an absolute sucker for empanadas, so even though the girlfriend doesn't eat beef, I made the executive decision to get it, and I'm glad I did. It almost tasted like an Asian curry puff rather than a traditional empanada, but no complaints here. The crust was buttery and flaky; the interior was flavored and savory. Great stuff. The girlfriend concurred with the former, and passed on the latter. I happen to think she missed out.We ended the meal sharing an entree, the pollo a la parrilla. As I'm suckered by empanadas, the girlfriend is suckered by slow-roasted chicken. And per the menu, this bird had been roasting for 24 hours. It showed. All I wanted to do was devour the succulently flavored skin, but the girlfriend quickly put the kibosh to that. The actual meat wasn't bad either, and was anything but dry. It was complemented by two sides, and we decided on sweet potato fries and arepas. Both were quite good.The only shame I had was not being able to try absolutely everything on the menu. Seriously, everything sounds delicious and we had a whale of a time picking. Luckily, the waitress was more than helpful, and we contemplated our choices over a nice bottle of wine. Oh yeah, the cherry on top; this place is BYOB, with a minuscule $5 corkage fee.So what are you waiting for? GO. NOW. BYE.
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2010,1/5/2011,273,77,9,10,11>As my dining companion put it, I feel ridiculous going to Italian restaurants because it's so easy to make at home...  However I don't think I'll ever make egg truffle toast or pizza dough from scratch.Dolce Vita is cozy and definitely date-worthy, but be prepared to shell out if you decide on getting some vino.  We LOVED our bottle of Avignonesi Montepulciano 2007.  I am no wine connoisseur by any means, in fact I'm one of those people that doesn't care much for wine at all, but I thoroughly enjoyed this light weight yet full-bodied semi-tart red wine.  So there you have my poor attempt at wine lingo, a bit "spensy" at $45 but I was in good company and in good spirits, in other words - worth it and we were feeling rather smug and bourgeoisie.  We began our meal by splitting the shaved brussel sprouts with pecorino, red onions and lemon juice , such a simple yet delicious starter, which prompted me to look for a recipe online (which I found here with an interesting twist of...mustard: food52.com/blog/1316_sha). At $5 a pop the verdura or vegetable is a cheap way to start the meal.  We treated ourselves to a bufala caprese insalata ($11) which was just okay, "too much bufala, not enough tomato, the true star of this dish" my dining companion exclaimed, I nodded in agreement.  Next came the much lauded truffle egg toast, black truffle of course... This shiznit comes out piping hot and I managed to sting myself the first time because I did not heed the servers advice of "be carefu this shit is HOTl" the second time I was frantically trying to scrape up the burnt delicious cheese from the plate in a state of foodie frenzy.  Injury-worthy.On to the pizza, this is after all a pizzeria.  We decided to share the "prosciutto e rucola" - tomato, mozzarella, prosciutto and arugula.  You should share a pizza with your date.  A pizza is enough for 2 people plus it's fun to share, especially when getting to know a person.  Share yourself and pizza, seriously.  Unfortunately the pizza did not blow me away (like the Chicken Verde at Cafe Brasil, my true pizza love in this city).   Maybe if the prosciutto were crisper? Is that even Kosher? On a previous visit I had their "tallegio pizza" - tallegio cheese, arugula, pears (which were hard and not ripe enough to my likely, but perhaps they were out of season), and DRENCHED in truffle oil (almost sickeningly so).  Hmmm...Splitting dessert is a good idea too, well unless you want to feel fat...   We opted for the dark chocolate and nocciola cake.  Anything involving dark chocolate and hazelnut (it brings back fond memories of nutella as a child) makes me a happy camper.  But this cake is pretty scrumptious and chewy, and don't we all love chewy, like chewy brownies!  The hazelnut is in a mousse-like form, see picture I posted.  For a nightcap we split the fernet branca which is a digestif or aromatic spirit.   Be wary, that stuff is pretty strong...I'll be back most definitely to try their pasta dishes!
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2010,1/4/2011,225,440,13,14,13>B-I-N-G-O, B-I-N-G-O, AND BINGO WAS HIS NAME-O!!! I'm one bingo loving fool after only one night at the Spjst Lodge! I think the last time I played bingo before this was when I was a wee, young chick singing that song I referenced above. Who knew that the same game could offer so much fun and laughs (based on the company you keep of course)as an adult!?!? The incredible, edible Edgar V. (hehe) put together a nice week night UYE here last Thursday and I was in need of some relaxation. This place is the place to do it! The buy in for 12 games is only $5, the pitchers of beer are only $6, and freshly popped popcorn for just a $1!! This is a recessionista's perfect night out! Even though I didn't win, I did not walk away disappointed. I've been raving about this place to everyone since and can't wait to go back this Thursday! The prizes range from $100 to $500 (less tax that is), and from what I overheard their profits go to charity. The bingo caller is your average monotone guy you'd expect at a bingo hall, but he's got character...and I like that! Even though this place is set up for quite a few people, it fills up fast so I do recommend getting there early to snag a good seat. The crowd is surprisingly very mixed, but the majority on this night were all in the twenty-something range so ladies don't forget to put on some mascara and lipstick. You never know when you're going to meet Mr. Right Now...at least that's what my mom says.
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,1/3/2011,124,160,17,20,12>My usual hair dresser was out of town.  I trolled yelp.  I almost went to another popular salon.  I had some trouble getting an immediate appointment though.  You know once I get an idea in my head, I just can't get it out.  I wanted my hair cut.  I didn't want to wait an hour much less a day.My husband sees Vincent and loves him, so he suggested I check him out.  I called him and he said he could fit me in 20 minutes later.  WOO HOO!The salon is decorated nicely, but not too nicely.  It doesn't fit into any specific niche decor wise.  Maybe RHWONJ.  Go ahead, figure it out.Anyway, who cares what the salon looks like.  Let's talk about my hair.Call it PMS, call it 98 degree heat, I HAD to get the hair off my neck.  A pony tail was not up to snuff.  I told Vincent I wanted it all cut off.  At first he seemed a little apprehensive.  "Cut it all off" I said.  "I want it to be cute, but not pretty, punk, but nor weird, and don't make me look like a fat lesbian."  "So, you want a pixie then?"  He asked.  "I guess,  Whatever, just follow those rules and I will be happy.  I mean it's just hair.  It'll grow back.  What's the worst thing that could happen?  I have to buy a wig?  Cut it.  Pixie, I don't care what you call it."You know what my hair looks like?  It's cute, but not pretty.  It's punk but not weird.  (I love making a feaux-hawk after my showers).  And I think I look like a medium sized gal (gay or straight).  Now instead of looking disheveled all the time, my hair looks like I actually did something with it.  Even though I never do anything ever.  My usual hairdresser said she likes it too.  That says a TON.
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2010,1/2/2011,196,278,9,26,25>For many chefs, owning a restaurant is the ultimate dream.  Extending one's vision beyond the plate is a big step, but expertise in the kitchen doesn't necessarily translate into success at the front of the house.  We're always excited to see a chef take this big step, but in many cases, we have to wonder if it is a wise one.Enter Jaime Zelko.  She'd won numerous awards for her work as Executive Chef at Bistro Lancaster, and her cuisine drew high praise from patrons.  When she announced that she was opening her own place in the Heights, we were looking forward to seeing what would come forth from this creative mind.She teamed up with Jeb Stuart, who spent five years as Chef at the nearby Shade restaurant, but wanted to step away from the kitchen and focus on the world of wine.  She also tapped into family expertise, in the form of her father and uncle, partners in the 50-year-old Zelko Brothers Cabinet and Fixture Company.  A fortuitous convergence, since a rather rough 1920's bungalow on 11th Street was selected as the location for the bistro.Of course, you'd never know that now.  The bungalow has been converted into a welcoming space, with the kitchen nestled in the rear, and the main room split by a dividing wall, creating a cozy dining room and a funky bar, complete with mason jar lights.  Historic black-and-white photography decorates the walls, and the space is very successful, conveying a down-home comfort with an upscale twist.Coming in at the start of lunch, we snagged a table, and were greeted by the friendly staff.  We immediately noticed a couple of touches we really liked:  An arrangement of fresh rosemary on every table, and water service that includes a bottle left at the table.  Shortly thereafter we were delivered a unique bread service:  Torn pieces of sweet, herby bread, something we rarely find in restaurants.  We had to hold ourselves back to keep from devouring every bite.We'd heard great things about the Boss Burger at Zelko Bistro, so it wasn't a hard choice, although several of the menu's varied comfort food offerings were also calling our names.  We ordered the Boss, and when asked how we'd like it cooked, we left it at Jaime's discretion.  (We've learned not to second-guess the chef in this situation.)What arrived was a very impressive-looking half-pound burger, worthy of its name.  Served on a thick, airy housemade bun, the patty was obviously hand-formed and sporting an aggressive char.  It was topped with a thick slice of cheddar cheese, grilled onions, and shredded iceberg lettuce.  Pickles were on the side, and the tomatoes were omitted at my request.Biting into it revealed a perfectly cooked burger, slightly on the rare side of medium.  The ooze factor was well represented; I found myself using the napkin after every bite.  The flavor of the beef was rich and mild, the cheddar was smooth, and the caramelized onions added a hint of sweeness.  The only flaw was that it was perhaps too mild; a bit more of a bold, beefy flavor would not have been a bad thing.  But make no mistake - this is an excellent burger, and one that we would be happy to enjoy again.  We've added it to our list (on the sidebar at the right) of Houston's Best Burgers.We walked away from Zelko Bistro thinking that Jaime and Jeb had a hit on their hands.  They've nailed the concept of a comfortable but upscale neighborhood place, and put it in a neighborhood that craves this sort of comfort food.  Combine the smart positioning with the beautiful room and Chef Zelko's deft touch in the kitchen, and we expect Heights residents to be enjoying the Zelko Bistro for a very long time.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,1/1/2011,287,298,13,11,13>Trying to plan my future mother-in-law's birthday dinner with H and his sister was like trying to herd kittens. Everyone was going in a different direction. We finally got the restaurant choices down to two and the deal clincher came down to ceviche. One restaurant served this dish, the other didn't. The restaurant dining area is pretty with plenty of space between tables ensuring private conversation. The waitstaff was very attentive and polite. We ordered drinks while we studied the menu. I already knew that the ceviche would be my meal but not knowing the portion size, I also ordered the medium (they only have Md or Lg) bowl of the House Soup (Chicken tortilla). H & his mother opted for the Family Style Mixed Grill (serves 2) and A (H's sis) ordered the La Boquita which is salmon, whitefish and shrimp sauteed with olives, garlic, onions, bell peppers, tomatoes in a curried house sauce. The mixed grill has beef and chicken fajitas, sausage, shrimp and lobster tail served with rice, black beans, cheese, sour cream & pico de gallo for $26.95. What a deal! The ceviche is a huge serving and quite tasty. This version is "dryer" than other places so I asked for some salsa which is delicious and brought out the tanginess of the fish & shrimp. The chicken tortilla soup was quite tasty. The broth reminded me of mom's and had chunks of chicken and mini-chunks of veggies all perfectly cubed much like the ceviche and got me thinking there was someone suffering from OCD in the food prep area. I mean really, each piece was precisely cubed, Monk would give his stamp of approval. The La Boquita was delicious! My future sis-in-law was nice enough to let me sample the dish and it took every bit of will power not to shove her out of the way and steal her food. For dessert we all shared the Tres Leches which was divine. Really, really divine. The bathroom doors are not marked with the usual "M" or "W" there is a butterfly on one and a dragonfly on the other. Hmmmm, which door should I chose? Duh, the closest one which had the dragonfly on it and apparently the men's room as there was a urinal on the wall outside of the stall. When in Rome....and you know my curiosity got the better of me and I just had to flush the urinal on my way to the sink. Eh, not as exciting as one would think. ;o)
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2010,12/31/2010,115,362,12,11,12>First, when it comes to taquerias, if the place is sandwiched between a tire shop and a gas station, you know it has to be good. Second, this is also a bakery (panadería), so all their bread and tortillas are made in-house. And third, how can you argue with a name like "Super Tortas Locas DF"?!?I first stopped in one morning to pick up some breakfast tacos before work. They have a number of options, all for 99 cents. I went for a "tocino" and a "papa." The eggs were fluffy on the handmade tortillas, and the savory bacon was diced from a thick slab and mixed in. Potato varieties can sometimes be a bit bland, but the soft potatoes had been seasoned a bit on the griddle, and what really put them over the top was a dash of their house salsa verde, creamy as though it had been passed through a food processor, and with a nice kick of spice.You could leave the breakfast tacos aside, and my rating would remain the same, because given the name of this place, I knew I had to come back for one of their tortas. They're done "al estilo DF," or Mexico City style, and they're hefty, piled with 3-4 components each, including jamon, pollo, pierna, chorizo, chicharron, milanesa... and that's not even including the toppings. I alighted upon numero 3, with chorizo, fried egg, and pierna. The crumbly, salty sausage was layered on bottom, with thick slices of pork leg on top, and a fried egg sandwiched in between, all pressed between the toasty fresh-baked bread, with avocado, onion, tomato, and cheese. Super Torta Loca indeed, and only $5 even.The shop is small, with about 6 small tables set in front of the counter and a display case for pastries and breads to one side. The bakery is visible behind the counter, with the only two people I've ever seen back there busy bustling about. Spanish is primarily spoken by the patrons that come streaming in at lunch time, but the friendly proprietors both speak excellent English. The other menu items are scattered about on hand-printed signs, with tacos, tortas, gorditas, chalupas, even fried chicken on offer, and most people get their drinks at the quickie mart next door, be it Jarritos or Tecate.The $5 tortas are big enough as it is, but hanging like a challenge to Adam Richman is a sign asking "tienes mucha hambre?" Are you really hungry? The "niño pobre" - ironically the most expensive item at $10 - is a behemoth combining virtually every other torta on the menu, from the Cubana to the Hawaiiana, and yes, that includes pineapple.And with that, they've reached the heights of Torta Locura.
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2010,12/30/2010,119,124,15,13,14>"I have a dream that one day a café will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed:"We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all bagel are created to be delicious. "After a night a way too much drinking, I recalled the dream I was having and it included a bagel, cream cheese, coffee, a really hot girl (was she naked, maybe =P) and me. Anyways I won't go into any details. When I woke up I had to find a bagel and not just any bagel but a damn good tasting one. Since I've been here in Houston, I've never found a bagel place that I like. So mad prompts to Ellen C. as she suggested this place to me!I stumbled in half asleep and to my amazement there was a huge varies of bagels to choose from like banana walnut to plain.  The smell of the bagels, sausages and coffee woke me up! Here is what I purchased: Plain with light cream cheese and light toasted, Banana Walnut, Sea Salt, Strawberry, minidogs (6 of them) and a coffee. Talk about carb overload! The skin was baked to perfection it wasn't too hard or too soft. The bagel dough was perfectly soft and not too chewy. All the favor bagels tasted just as they are named! The minidogs were amazing because they used the bagel dough to wrap the dog. I could have eaten like 20 of them because of their bite size. The service was fast and friendly. So if you've been longing for a good bagel on the likes of other cities like New York, Chicago or Seattle. Come check out this place just don't try to cut in front of me while I wait for my bagel or I'll cut you with my plastic knife!"I have a dream that my four little bagels will one day live in a café where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the flavors of their dough. "
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2010,12/29/2010,269,274,8,16,12>I'm a huge fan of Liberty Station.  What's ironic, this part of Washington Avenue is where it all began about 3 years ago.  How can you guys forget about the Drake and Pandora just a block away?  It was a complete cluster driving through here. Eventually Pearl Bar and Porch Swing opened up further West and you have what's happening now.  With Liberty Station and another great bar open down the street, Sugarcane's, I have found myself on Washington again. Liberty Station is an old gutted filling station.  They have a big patio with garage doors opening up to it. As you walk in you're at the bar with the seating area to the left with an Internet Jukebox.  The bar is built out with wood planks, I love the look and feel of it.  This place is really laid back with attentive bartenders and a descent selection of beers on draft.  They have a full bar and about 10 beers on tap and about half of the selection is craft beer. I've been here a few times and plan to keep coming till it gets overrun by the Washington crowd.  So if you want a cool bar with a great vibe get to Liberty Station quick.  There is also plenty of parking, imagine that.
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2010,12/28/2010,386,171,11,19,17>Whether or not you would like the food at the new Niko Niko's location in Market Square hinges entirely on whether or not you enjoy it over in the 77006. I just so happen to fall into the "Niko Niko's is a beloved Houston institution for a reason, and boy howdy do I enjoy their food!" camp. So, in my opinion, this little food stand has proven a welcome addition to my neighborhood. It was supposed to open a week ago, but they must have had a few kinks to work out because the stand was not operational until this morning. Having not packed a lunch last night, I tagged along with some coworkers to try this heavily-anticipated expansion of the Greek empire. Being a small building (you can get an idea of the scale in the posted pictures), they only offer a crunched version of their monster Montrose menu. Here, though, you can pick up a breakfast pita before heading into the office! There's 6 different varieties to choose from, all of them $3.95. I plan on trying the Spartan Pita (orange and oregano sausage, gyro meat, potatoes, sunny side up eggs, and grilled onions and bell peppers) as soon as humanly possible. Will report back later on that...and YES, half of their breakfast options are suitable for you vegetarians and pescatarians out there! You can also pick up pastries, cookies, Greek yogurt and honey, rice pudding, mud pie AND all the hot, iced and blended coffee beverages from their original menu. They SHOULD have coffees within the next couple of days, if not tomorrow.For lunch and dinner, you can snap up one of their salads or soups for anywhere from $5.31 for tabuli to $8.55 for a Greek salad topped with chicken or gyro meat. Their beloved (at least by me) Greek lentil soup and Greek chicken soup runs for $6. Soup and salad combos are $9.93. If you want something denser, head for the pita sandwich menu. The gyro sandwich - always a popular favorite - is only $5.54 ($6 even with tax), and D's veggie pita is $5.50. All the rest range in price from $5.54 (spinach and feta pita) to $6.93 (souvlaki sandwich). Unfortunately, the sandwiches do not yet come with their excellent fries, potatoes or rice as a side dish. Although when my coworker asked, she was told that they may be adding this option in the future. Here's hoping!! Their potatoes and fries are absolutely heavenly. As is their gyro. Mine today was lovely, juicy, garlicky, generously stuffed (but not nearly as messy as I had anticipated) and served on warm, pillowy, fresh pita. In short, it was pretty much what you'd expect if you're a Niko Niko's fan. Not bad for $6, either, since I walked away full enough to not really need anything beyond a tiny, simple dinner tonight. The wait, however, seems to get just as intense as its predecessor. Plan lunches accordingly.If you happen to be in the neighborhood and decide to give this location a try, please take good care of the park and throw out your trash! Take-out is available, but if you want to dine in you have the option of either covered seating or fully al fresco. So do kindly refrain from littering up the lovely, newly-revitalized Market Square Park. I can see it from my window, by the way. If I catch you throwing that used napkin on the gravel, then may the deity of your choice have mercy on your soul!
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,12/27/2010,305,161,10,20,23>Houston is not an old city, this we know. Born just after Texas Independence that was won nearby, it is still a city whose heritage and legacy is being born before our eyes. Sure you never had the chance to kick one back w/ Dick Dowling, plant azaleas with the venerable Ms. Hogg, or perhaps even watch the Tyler Rose rumble into the national sports conscience on Monday Night Football, but make no mistake......you can reach out and touch Houston's past. Take for example the proud red and white building that houses an institution you've probably never heard of. It is here, just inside the loop on a quiet slice of Richmond, that Nielsen's Deli resides. And it is here (or very nearby), where three generations of Danish Houstonians have been serving happy locals an honest meal for for over 50 years. I'm a huge fan of their roast beef with Danish cheese and mustard on rye. The bread is is a soft hug of caraway on the perfectly medium rarish roast beef that's roasted on premise. It's a sandwich made with love. It is not a conquest of meat over bread, just a great classic sandwich. I get excited every time I slide down the counter to pay for and pick up my bag o' goodies. I usually supplement my sammy w/ a couple of decadent deviled eggs and they come carefully prepared and overflowing in little cups. Not sure when I developed the love for these little guys, but I was ecstatic to find them on the menu here, and even happier when I had my first one. They're grrrrrreat!! What's odd though is that as good as everything in that little sack is, nothing creases my face in a smile quite like their pickle. You have never in your life seen a more dutifully and lovingly wrapped pickle. The pickle itself is a nice enough dill, but it's the layers of wax paper that encase it so precisely that makes it special. The pickle might be the microcosm that encapsulates this down home sandwich shop. It gives in to some Danish sentimentalities on the menu, but other than that is a classic deli. Your greeted with a smile, your order is treated with care, and if you sit at the narrow counter long enough, you even start to feel like part of the neighborhood; encased in the gentle folds of pride and tradition of this long standing establishment.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2010,12/26/2010,274,156,6,13,11>Big Comfy Couch Club! Okay, there's no couch, but if you can't find a spot to relax and enjoy the music/drinks/friends in this place, you're not going to find one anywhere else in Houston. If you go on a night that has a show with a cover charge, you'll run into Biker Bob at the door (not his real name, but a descriptive adjective - really, he's a helpful guy - I just hope he doesn't read Yelp). Just through the doors of this high ceiling, vintage building off Main Street is the main room & bar where the music happens. Cocktail tables and stools are located on the right with a long bar on the left. Some well placed auditorium seats can be primo spots to watch a band and be a little farther back from sound/crowd. Expect a wait ordering your drinks at the bar on crowded nights (I've seen a lot of people complain about this on Yelp - I've always gotten decent service, but then I know Squid). Go back past the stage and you'll run into a little oasis with a pool table and a shuffleboard. You can still enjoy the music with a decent drop in the decibel level. There's a bar there, but I've never seen it open. Continue even farther back and you'll find yourself in the cool yard that houses the Pachinko Hut, an Elvis Light sign and some nice picnic tables. Smokers and other interesting people hang out here to enjoy the great Houston weather.  You're in the middle of Tafia, Tacos-A-Go-Go, Sig's Lagoon, Goodtime Charlie's and The Continental Club -- you've got to be in the right place.Each area of this club has its own personality that will fit your mood.  And depending on the band or night, The Continental can handle all your personalities from slamming & swinging to chilling & sweating. My Tip: Check the website for a listing of show nights of which there are a couple days of the week that don't have a cover.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2010,12/24/2010,156,143,4,10,13>First, understand that what I am about to tell you comes from living in Thailand for about 6 months.   That being said, this is likely the closest you will get to being there when it comes to the food.   I've been to places in other parts of the US and frankly the Thai at "great" places sucked.   Had no real resemblance to it and very poor consistency.You should also know that this is not "Americanized" Thai.   So if you are expecting sweet sauces that mask flavor and overkill of red pepper to hide the lack of flavor you will not find it here.   If you really want an authentic taste this is where you go.Now having been going there for quite some time and after many discussions with the owner they make me something that is off the menu.    Also do not be afraid to try something you've never had before.   There are unusual flavors in Thai, but that is part of the experience.   As for the rating.   This totally comes down to quality of food.   As I stated before this is about flavor.    You do not go to Vieng Thai for ambiance or atmosphere.   It is a hole in the wall and that is how it should stay.  Do not take your friends here if they have no palate.   Do not bring you family cause you think its quaint.   Come if you want great Thai..  That's it.
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2010,12/23/2010,265,191,7,13,11>Visiting this establishment for the umpteenth time this crawfish season finally prompted me to write this long overdue review. But what can I say that hasn't already been stated by fellow Yelpers?Well if you want to try something other than the crawfish here, order the Grilled/Broiled Oysters ($13.99). And don't make a mistake of ordering two for a group of four people...one order is PLENTY. It's cooked with a dash of salt & pepper seasoning along with green onions. Different than what you're probably used to in American seafood restos, but delicious none the less. Another tip: they offer gloves! Usually, I get "bibbed" when I eat crawfish (a waiter literally "bibbed" me at Mardi Gras without me asking...awkwaaard). Saw no bibs here, but plenty of people using gloves. I'm usually NOT a pansy when it comes to eating with my hands, but I was still meeting up with other people apres dinner and I didn't really want to have my hands smelling like crawfish the entire night as I threw my "hands up in the air." Yeah, I went there. The only mystery that I have yet to solve at Crawfish and Noodles is as to what noodles are actually good here. I'm wary to try the pho at non-pho places , and the regular vermicelli dishes didn't look too impressive. Perhaps future reviews could direct me to the right dish. I get the giant red crawfish sign. The noodles? Not so much.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2010,12/22/2010,251,713,10,20,14>Lacy was* the siren.  Standing there, larger than life, black and white spots, grazing.  Beckoning to us.  Natachee's is so much more than just a bar/restaurant.  It is a bar/restaurant with a horse.  It's her bar, really.  Her house.  She has full run of the yard; she lives there.  Several coworkers and I were recently beckoned here to celebrate one of our group's birthdays with post work drinking and a pie banquet.  A whole mess of Shiners, Miller Lights (now nicknamed Vortexes), Margaritas made from scratch, and pie.  Sweet Potato, Pineapple, Apple, Peach Cobbler.  There were also a parade of sliders (with fried pickles), burgers, and macaroni and cheese (plain and mixed with chili).I got ahead of myself with the food, with the pie.  But, well, it was a spread that would have made Agent Cooper beam.  "Damn fine pie."  Let me start from the beginning again (sans Lacy, I've already mentioned her.)For roughly a year, there has been talk blogs.houstonpress.com/r of remodeling the old wallpaper store on Main Street; extending "The Island" by another block.  Well folks, that day has come.  The coolest block in all the land, has incorporated "Lacyland."  Really, why would you go anywhere else in Houston?  Scratch that.  Why would you go anywhere else in Texas?Natachee's offers: a mix of the owners and employees grandmothers' recipes, wonderful patio, pretty Lacy, awesome employees, alcohols, art exhibits, old bar and furniture (I may have to "acquire" the vanity in the ladies room), and a live band.There's no reason to go anywhere else...in Texas.*Too bad that with all of Houston's zoning laws (er...fiascoes), there isn't some sweet loophole that would allow the siren to remain on The Island.  Alas, Lacy no longer resides at Natachee's.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2010,12/21/2010,158,402,4,11,9>So it's time to make the housing plunge, i mean the market is as good as it gets right now.  and in the grand swamplot they call Houston Texas, there should be many a selection and variety that should fit a first time buyer's palette? I was wrong.....  I was so glad I asked Farrah for a person who helped her find a spot.Richard was professional, organized and up on the current hotspots that can fit a price range as well as a discerning personal taste.  He was very patient as he took us through listing to listing to at least 7 different neighborhoods (some that were nice and tucked away I wouldn't have even considered until I saw the neighborhood and it's benefits) and he kept us up to date thru the whole process.  As a choice was made on the house after about 3+ weeks of looking, he helped out working thru all the details, paperwork and negotiating on our behalf.  He was very responsive to emails, calls and panic attacks while in this process.  At the end of it all, I was more than pleased because our house fit our style, price range and taste.
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2010,12/19/2010,49,193,3,7,7>India's Restaurant is my favorite North Indian restaurant in Houston. No questions asked. Their buffet is out of this world and their dinner entrees are even better. If I could pick one thing to eat for the rest of my life, it would be something from India's Restaurant.I came to here to celebrate Valentine's day so I decided to order 'The Viceroy of India's Dinner (For Two).' This was more than enough food for a couple and we even had leftovers to take home. It came with Vegetable Pakora, Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Tikka, Tandoori Prawns, Sheek Kabab, Chicken Tikka Masala, Saag paneer, Daal, Peas pulao, Naan, Chutney and Pickles. Basically all you can ask for and much more. Everything tasted absolutely delicious and it was well worth the $54.95 price tag. I usually come here for their buffet but being a special day, I made an exception and see myself coming back here real soon.The service was on point and we never had to ask for anything. Our drinks were filled immediately, the food was brought out promptly, and everything was cooked to perfection. The Mango Lassi was phenomenal and everything was simply exquisite. The staff here is very courteous and always willing to answer any questions you may have.If you're looking for a delicious buffet for an affordable price with quality food, come here before 2:30 PM. If you can't make it at that time, come have something off their dinner menu and you will not be disappointed. This is probably my favorite restaurant in Houston and definitely my favorite buffet to date. I highly recommend them.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2010,12/18/2010,40,31,10,11,10>The Black Lab delivers everything you could want in a British pub, it is one of the few places where you can ask for "a pint of the black stuff" and they'll actually know what you're talking about (Guinness for those who don't). Their black and tans are superb, as only a true British pub can deliver. But the absolute best thing about the black lab is the location. For those of you that have never been there, it almost feels as though you've been transported to London, cobbles and all. It is quite odd to encounter a slice of London sandwiched inside a strip mall. A huge chess set adorns the outside and is always fun, specially after a few "pints of plain" (again, Guinness). By this time, though, you'll probably be ready for a spot of supper, and this is where the Black Lab shines. Order the Shepherd's Pie, the Bangers and Mash, or the traditional Fish and Chips and you'll start to wonder how it is possible that British cuisine has such a bad rep. I can't think of a meal I would rather have when I'm feeling the drink than a big plate of shepherds pie; and a big plate it is, my SO and I usually share one plate and are more than satisfied. You do have to realize that it is pub food; and while I call it superb, it's not exactly something out of Ferran Adrià's kitchen.A more than attentive waitstaff has never disappointed me, very attentive and attractive servers will be at your beck and call to serve your every need, probably the Lab's most un-European quality. You won't find your usual Washington corridor audience here, this is a more professional, older crowd's watering hole. This translates to a much more quiet establishment than you might expect in a bar, which is, quite frankly, refreshing. Parking may be a bit difficult in front, but there is a parking garage out back that will validate your ticket with a purchase.While not as traditional as the other true British pub in town, The Red Lion, the Black Lab still embodies everything that a pub truly is. You don't go to a pub to get "wasted", you don't go to a pub to pick up girls, you go to a pub to enjoy a pint with a few friends over conversation; something that is sadly impossible in most American drinking establishments. The Black Lab creates an ambiance which transports you to a place where things are much more laid back than in our society, it is the kind of place that makes you want to go out and travel the world.
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2010,12/17/2010,100,190,4,9,7>My first thought was that the inside of the restaurant really reminded me a typical deli in New York City -- right down to the celebrity photos hanging on the wall. I think I even saw the exact same rotating dessert case in a few places last time I was in NYC. The menu is absolutely huge and so are the portions of food. We had no idea what to get or even where to start looking but luckily our waitress recommended some of her favorites. She also brought out a variety of pickles for us to enjoy while we decided. I went with a classic, the Fiddler On The Roof Of Your Mouth. A triple-decker, corned beef and pastrami sandwich with Russian dressing and cole slaw. It doesn't get much better than this. The sandwich was easily enough for two people and all I could manage to finish was half of the behemoth (the rest went home in a to-go box). Hands down the best pastrami I've ever had. I'm seriously considering making the trek out there from Clear Lake just to get some pastrami. The corned beef was amazing as well but that pastrami... yum. The chicken soup with matzoh ball was pretty good and was recommended to us by our waitress. The macaroni salad was great though. It was served in a really small cup but ended up being just enough to satisfy me. Besides, the sandwich was the star of the show, the macaroni salad was just in a supporting role. We were all stuffed from our ridiculously huge sandwiches but got a slice of plain cheesecake to go for later. To die for -- that's all I can say. The cheesecake was rich and creamy and totally worth the price tag. The slice of cheesecake was also huge so it's probably best to share, even though once you taste it you won't want to.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2010,12/16/2010,89,202,3,10,5>'Founders Square' is not your  usual suburban strip mall.  They've taken 5 small 1920's era homes, moved them to a large lot, arrayed them around a parking lot and given the 5 of them a single continuous front porch.  Each one is a different shop.  Holly Berry is the tea room.  Others have gifts and antiques.This is a delightful place to take a couple of young girls on a cold Saturday noon.  We just got tea.  They gave us the royal treatment - choice of many teas, served in fussy little flowered cups, and more than  enough attention to the two girls.  They got hot raspberry and peach ice teas.  I got a hot chai tea which was excellent.Great decor.  Some especially nice floral paintings on the walls.  Gift items all on one side.  Check it out.  A few duece tables out on the porch, but for nicer weather than we're having in February.Menu lunch items heavily towards salads.  Several fruit / nut / cheese plates made for good looking vegetarian options.I wouldn't bring the Thursday Men's Lunch group here, but its a great place to bring daughters.
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2010,12/15/2010,65,139,2,16,6>For my wedding, I was able to handle most everything by myself, but for the day of I knew I had to hire a Day of Coordinator- someone who would be responsible for making sure my wedding day ran smoothly. I didn't want to hassle any of my family or bridesmaids to take on this role because I wanted them to enjoy themselves at my wedding, so I did my research and hired Eventology. I feel like hiring Stephanie was one of the best decisions I made throughout the whole wedding planning process. Two weeks prior to the big day, we had a big meeting to set up our itinerary and run through all logistics of evening. Stephanie thought of all the little details that I completely didn't think of. She made sure that we were covered on every base.The Day of Coordination package really also means "week before package" because Stephanie contacted all of my vendors and asked them to call her if they had any questions, and not bug me the week of. In addition, she coordinated and ran the rehearsal which was so nice because I just sat back and let her do her thing. She made the night run extremely smoothly and made sure the staff set everything up correctly. Having peace of mind on your wedding day is absolutely priceless. Leading up to the wedding date, Stephanie was always SUCH a sweetheart and so easy to get along with. She is younger, but has been in the business long enough to really know her stuff. Compared to a few other companies that offered Day-of-Coordination packages, Eventology had the best price out there. Can't say enough great things about Eventology Weddings!
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2010,12/14/2010,214,99,19,8,11>Bow chikka BOW WOWWWWWYes, indeedy! I came in to find some fun stuff for my dance class and I was so pleasantly surprised. They had a great selection of dancewear and costumes...and not the super-cheap looking kind where everything seems to be neon-colored or looks like a hen house exploded on it. Tool/ruffle skirts, all kinds of lace and mesh gloves, eye masks, stripper shoes, (oh-my!), and racks and racks of thigh-high stockings I hadn't seen at any other stores of it's kind. It's really well laid out and organized, too. Oh, and let me save you the time in case you needed to know - clothes in the front, toys in the back. ;)They had a great selection of bustiers, corsets, and leatherware too. These are what run high in the price-range, but when else can you expect when corsets take time to make, with all the boning (ha, I said 'boning') to line the inside.And to add, the staff is super-helpful and nice, willing to answer any questions or get you into an outfit. I highly recommend this place. My favorite of all the ones I've been to.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2010,12/13/2010,44,114,4,14,8>I was really sceptical when my girlfriend asked me to go to Dream Dinners with her. Why would I pay to hang out and do a chore I can do at home anyway? I'll tell ya why: because I can prep a whole month's worth of dinner in less than an hour, that's why!I chose to make 36 servings of food (3 or 6 servings of different entrees), which lasts my husband and I about a month, since we go out to eat and travel quite a bit each month. It cost about $155. At first that sounded pricey, but that's pretty much what we spend at the grocery each month anyway. The ingredients used are high quality and the recipes are very tasty. You choose your menu beforehand (it changes monthly, so you're never eating the same thing), and when you arrive, your little recipe and instruction sheets are already printed out for you. You simply go from station to station (there is one station per each menu item) and put your meals together. This involves measuring and mixing items, and putting them into the freezable containers provided. Like I said, mine took less than an hour, which is usually the amount of time it takes me to get in and out of the grocery store in a week. You bring everything home and just thaw out the meal you want to cook. Each meal takes 30 minutes or less to cook at home, but that's not active time for the cook - you typically just throw your meal in the oven or on the stove and let it go while you get other stuff done.There is a huge variety in the menu. We've had two kinds of pork chops, salmon, baked breaded cod, and a plethora of various chicken recipes. I don't eat beef and I prefer to cook healthy, so I check the handy nutritional info on each recipe before I place my order. Nutritional info is available online or in the store. If I wasn't concerned with calories, there are plenty of other recipes that really catch my eye!Our favourites have been the Kentucky Pork Chops, Sesame Seed Covered Chicken and California Chicken (a creamy casserole with tons of artichokes and tomatoes). Not a huge fan of the Chicken Marsala, but it was still edible, just not a favourite in our house.The owner is very sweet and remembers me from visit to visit. The facility is also clean...spotless...and they come in behind you at each station and clean up so you are always starting at a clean workspace. And you don't have to clean up your own messes, another bonus!They have a pretty nifty referral program and "frequent shopper" program that gives you a percentage off your order each month. If anyone reads my review and decides to give Dream Dinners a shot, please use me as your referral! Also feel free to send me a message with any questions this review didn't answer.
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2010,12/12/2010,58,62,7,10,9>You only need to know two things for this place:1.) make a reservation for brunch - otherwise you may not get to #2 2.) ORDER THE SHRIMP & CHEESE GRITS - if you die from pure gluttony, at least it'll be a happy death.... top your shrimp & grits off with a fresh fruit sangria or one of their flavored mimosas... can't go wrong!If it's your 500th time to Backstreet and you want to stop ordering the Shrimp & Grits (really?? you want to stop??), you should also try any of the following: Migas, Smoked Chicken and Potato Hash (very good... very heavy...i hear this is the second most popular dish), or the Crab Cakes & Eggs. If you want a less breakfast-y meal, the duck breast (with butternut squash and spinach) is very good.  For those salad lovers, the Jumbo Crab Salad really is jumbo... plenty of crab meat to share!Just remember... Make a reservation and then order the Shrimp & Grits!
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2010,12/11/2010,108,106,2,6,6>I certainly do not want to beat a dead horse here, because this restaurant has been reviewed thoroughly. I do want to make sure my vote for Baron Doke's (the Chef Owner) supremely concise and well executed vision. This restaurant sports clear lineage with Chef Doke's years spent as a personal chef in France. The menu is always brief and focused on fresh, seasonal ingredients brought into harmony and served without any pretense. The portions are healthy and the sweet smells of the conjoined nursery can really make you feel like you're right there in the butter-zone. I have heard mixed things about their brunch... as such I wouldn't explicitly recommend it. This review focuses solely on all the early evening dinners enjoyed with a French Picnic, at least three glasses of wine, and more often than not, braised short-ribs.
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2010,12/10/2010,35,283,3,9,11>I've allotted my only five star rating for Korean food to my mother in law. Therefore, I give Bon Ga FOUR huge stars. This is the best Korean food I have had in Houston by far. Everything is so flavorful and spicy. The quality superb. Here is what we got... Cold Noodle - Sometimes the base for cold noodles is bland in my opinion. It tastes like water. I'm talking prior to adding your own vinegar and spice. This one was not. It was like they prepared a true meat stock. So far this is the best version I have ever had in a restaurant. Complimentary Rice - Instead the the plain white rice which is perfectly acceptable, they provide you the type that contains black beans. It turns the rice purple. I love it. It's the small things that I really appreciate. Boneless BBQ Ribs - OK, this meat was a bit chewy, but I always say that about beef. So take it with a grain of salt. The flavor was smokey from the coals they were cooked over. Spicy Pork - This is always my favorite and I usually love it where ever I get it. However this one stands out because of the quality of meat. I don't like when places chop the meat up so much you can't tell what is fat and what is actually meat. This place doesn't do that. Again, it's the small things I appreciate. The other thing that stands out is the smokey flavor the coals impart in the meat.  Sides - The Kimchi was goooood and spicy. Some places give you a watered down version. I also tried White Kimchi for the first time and loved it. I won't get into each and every side but they all tasted wonderful. You can tell when a place not only takes pride in their recipes but also respects their patrons enough to offer them a good quality product. We aren't stupid Mr. and Mrs. Restaurant owners of the world. Thank you very much Yelp. Without you I would not have known to try this place. GO YELP!!!!
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2010,12/9/2010,28,83,4,6,7>Congratulations, Locatelli's. You've passed the NYC pizza test.For a last minute get-together, I was instructed to get pizza. I usually hate pizza, so when I DO get it, it better be good. My husband recommended Locatelli's. We ordered two large pizzas - the Locatelli's special and the margherita - with a Greek salad. The crust was thin and crispy and oh so good. Toppings were plentiful but not so overloaded that they slipped off the cheese. And there were chunks of garlic in the sauce. I'm a sucker for garlic. The portions are pretty big. We had a group of about 10 and two pizzas were enough for everyone to have seconds. We even had some left over.The best part? My New York relatives were oooing and ahhing over their slices, saying how it reminded them of home. Score!
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,12/7/2010,107,90,7,9,7>Some people embrace change, and some people shy away from it.  It seems that the owners of Warren's Inn like keeping things just the same, and that is fine by me.From the smoke eater above the door to the Liberace poster on the wall, the place looks the EXACT same as it did years ago when I first stepped foot in here.  Not a single bar stool has changed.This place is the opposite of pretentious.  You don't go here to be seen, you come here to sit down in a nicely lit space, have a good drink and chat with a friend at a normal decibel.  You won't find any hipsters here, but maybe a few seasoned regulars chatting up the barkeep.When you go, be sure to check out the jukebox in the corner.  Because Warren's is rarely packed, it's pretty easy to actually hear the songs you played on the jukebox (as opposed to waiting for hours to finally get to hear them).  The selection is pretty rad-ass too!  When my boyfriend put on a song, a group of fellas at another table all lifted their beers towards him in approval. I'm a sucker for that kind of camaraderie. Cheers!
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2010,12/6/2010,74,66,5,8,9>Ever go to a restaurant and have the entire table go "OMG"? This is the case when you go with friends to Lankford's. My friends and I came here with one goal in mind, to the try the grim burger. Parking here is pretty interesting as there doesn't seem to have a set parking lot. We parked along the side of some apartments. While some lucky others parked right next to the restaurant. There were even people who parked right next to our table; I guess it's a parking spot if you say it is. If it's your first time go ahead and take a seat where ever. There wasn't any room inside so my friends and I sat outside.  Unfortunately we came during the summer time and well Houston heat seems to ruin everything. However, this wasn't a problem as the big fans outside kept us pretty cool. Our orders were quickly taken by the nice waitress and our drinks were brought out promptly. I quickly made the order that I had been planning out for weeks, a grim burger with fries.  It didn't take long before our burgers arrived. My friend was the first to take a bite out of his and I heard "OMG".  The rest of us quickly followed and all of us had the same response "OMG". The rest of the meal was met with complete silence as we couldn't stop eating. Now onto the food itself! The burger is comprised of mac &cheese, a fried egg and a jalapeno. I got mine without a jalapeno. I don't care if I'm a wuss! I don't like spicy foods! Honestly the only word that can explain this burger is that it is orgasmic. I know that might sound inappropriate but I've thought long and hard about the right word to use. One you sink your teeth into the burger to taste the juiciness, the egg yolk and the soooo cheesy mac & cheese.  The fries here are pretty average. I sure wish they had fresh cut fries. When you are done eating all you have to do is go inside and pay. They leave the bill at the cashier. It is rare that I see this type of trust in your customers from a restaurant.  Just make sure to bring some cash because they don't take credit cards. If you're waiting in line be sure to check out the picture of Guy Fieri from when he visited Lankford's. Overall my experience here was amazing. It is definitely a place that can be considered as having one of the best burgers in Houston.
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,12/5/2010,43,46,11,11,11>Oh Breakfast Klub, I will heavily bestow the Yelp stars upon thee, because thou hast satisfied my stomach and my soul in ways that I cannot explain.Yes, it's a long line, but it's probably one of the most user-friendly (and efficient) lines you'll see...there's tents so people can duck away from the Houston heat, there's water coolers so you can have something to sip on while you wait, and the lovely staff members always walk through the lines to hand out menus with a warm smile and occasionally a few jokes. You'll be ordering your plates of deliciousness in no time.And the wings and waffles? LOVE. Just LOVE. I'll admit I was kind of skeptical about the idea of wings and waffles when I first heard of it years ago. I was young and naive and didn't know any better. Why on earth would you have fried chicken with Belgian waffles? And how the hell is powdered sugar supposed to factor into all this? But then I realized that I've eaten MUCH more atrocious things from food carts at the Houston Rodeo, and suddenly everything made sense. The savory, crispy, perfectly seasoned, deep-fried chicken wings are the perfect pairing to the sweet, light, and fluffy mattress of of a Belgian waffle that they sit upon. It's called contrast, and it's used in the best ways possible...contrast in flavors, contrast in textures...contrast = delicious.Or in simpler terms: OMG FRIED CHICKEN AND WAFFLES SO GOOD NOM NOM. There really isn't much of a point of going into flowery descriptions when you're talking about chicken and waffles. It's like trying to write a poem about McDonald's french fries...just eat the damn thing and enjoy the experience without all the wordy fluffiness...ironic that I say this while I write a Yelp review, haha.Word of warning: don't come here during your lunch break, because you WILL fall into a food coma after you're done brushing away the powdered sugar and fried chicken crumbs from your work clothes. Come on your day off (or on a weekend if you're willing to brave the lines) so you can eat, savor, and immediately conk out in the comfort of your own home and not at your workbench. Wings and waffles AND a food coma in your own bed? THAT'S what I call comfort. :D
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2010,12/4/2010,156,216,4,12,10>I love me some Unagi :) For those who love sushi and do not know what Unagi is, then shame on you, I almost do not want to tell you, but for those that do not eat sushi very often, then I will spill the beans.Unagi is fresh water eel and it is simply put..... AMAZING.... when done right.  I have to say that Nagoya does not only do it right, but does it in such a way that when I went there tonight for the second time in fours, I ordered the Unagi Don, which is an entire meal of Unagi.  I love this place, it has a great bar, great atmosphere, great staff that is very attentive and make you feel at home, a great owner named Jason that meets and greets everyone to make sure they know they are welcome, and two great flat screen TV's that get you "In the Game".Everything from the Tempura here to the box meals are fantastic, when eating here I came with a very large group that the restaurant staff handled very well, and we all ordered a bit of everything so that everyone could try a bit of everything and everything was fantastic!  I can not wait to eat here again because it was that awesome.I live in Sugar Land, so it was about a thirty minute drive for me, I will be willing to drive here anytime because the Unagi alone is that good, let alone everything on the menu.The roll, sushi, sashimi and everything selection is HUGE and I still am very excited about how everything tasted.  It was just so yummy.If your headed there, here are a few things to try.UNAGI, the Sweet Mama Roll, the Chicken Teriyaki Box Meal, and last but not least the Mussels as an appetizer. Enjoy!!
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2010,12/3/2010,252,34,9,12,13>Go north, to the wee old railroad town of Tomball, a town of no more than 10,000 people, and you will find something that resembles a burger; sure, it is a patty of beef sandwiched between two buns, but is unlike any burger you have every witnessed - it is a burger piled high with slices of chicken fried bacon. Yes, the bacon is battered and fried. Only that is not enough fried. We need a fried egg to top it off. "Too much," you say? Bah! Then LIFE itself is too much for you! As my boyfriend so aptly put it, "It's only right because it's so wrong."From the Chef that brought molecular gastronomy to Houston, or rather, attempted to do so, comes a menu of Texas traditional cuisine as you've never seen it before. Randy Rucker, most recently of Rainbow Lodge and the Tenacity Supper Club series, has teemed up with his mother, Bootsie herself, to create a menu of familiar dishes prepared in most unfamiliar ways. The trip out to the country, with its ample farmland and unregulated kitchens, has brought out a new element of authenticity in Rucker's cooking. The food is beautiful and complex, but no longer focused on technique and presentation - that part appears to come just naturally. Instead, the menu's strengths stem from its use of local and seasonal ingredients applied to dishes that seldom see such attention to detail: the burger, the Monte Cristo, even pickles. It's as though someone sent a well-seasoned southern grandmother off to apprentice in a European Michelin-starred kitchen for a year. Odd? Perhaps. Yet, it not only works, it thrives.If we are, indeed, witnessing a food revolution in this Country, this is it's foundation.Anxious to try Bootsie's but not necessarily as excited about driving up to Tomball, I stopped in the restaurant during an odd hour during a business trip that had led me to Hempstead. Around 3 or 4pm the staff was just beginning to arrive for dinner service, but Bootsie greeted us enthusiastically and a young girl immediately begin to tend to us (do you remember when hardworking teenagers used to be the norm at restaurants? refreshing). She doted on us happily throughout the meal, filling adorable mason jars with what was an obvious fresh-brewed sweat tea and never passing judgement at the fascinating amount of fried that my boyfriend and I proceeded to consume.After snacking on complimentary house pickles, so delicious even the pickle-hater gladly ate them, and an appetizer of fried oysters, our mouths quite literally dropped when the burger arrived. Playfully named, "The Mother Rucker," it is a balancing act of two patties, stacked high with fried bacon. It presented a daunting but inviting view. First bite revealed a delicately pink, rare perfection; so rare that the juices ran down my chin with a deliciously violent passion, intertwining with drops of yolk in a single, sublime act of messiness. Does it sound like I'm telling a love story? I am.Though I gave the burger my all, and gladly would again, it got the best of me. You do not finish the Mother Rucker. The Mother Rucker finishes you.
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2010,12/2/2010,153,129,5,25,11>Three pieces of advice: 1 - Check out their website for coupons before going. 2 - Don't go during the week, because they are not open. 3 - Make friends with your salesperson and negotiating prices becomes less intimidating. I've purchased several large piece furniture items from The Dump and have been really happy each time they were delivered. If you have a truck and want your goods right away, you can always deliver yourself, but I'd suggest asking The Dump to do it for you (and for free!). These people have a pretty streamlined operation going and requesting free delivery (usually priced at about $75) is not gonna be a deal breaker, so you might as well ask. I have visited The Dump a few times and left with more to desire, but it doesn't keep me from going back because their inventory changes every week. You won't see ALL new furniture at your next visit, but since they get new inventory each week ... chances are you may find something. Don't be afraid to negotiate prices, even though they are already lowered (especially for high-end furniture brands). You can still easily shave off several hundred dollars here and there, not like at department furniture stores. Customer service is right on as well. I had a wine rack/china hutch delivered with missing bracket pieces. I called the store and they shipped them to me for free to avoiding having to drive all the way back out there. Extra stars for saving me gas money and time!
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2010,12/1/2010,343,368,10,6,7>House of Bowls should be renamed Mansion of Meals.  This restaurant seems to have an infinite number of foodstuffs served on.. not just bowls.. but cups, plates, saucers, pots, crocks, urns, basins, boats, in small, medium, large, massive sizes.  You would need several lifetimes to go through all the dishes on the menu.  My friends and I usually order dishes that are a combination of meat + sauce + noodles/rice.  The Salt & Pepper Chicken Wings are sometimes a little too greasy but provide a nice appetizer to the meal.One thing is ridiculous though.  There is a signature dessert that my friends and I love.  It is basically a waffle + ice cream + fruit + condensed milk, but there is only one guy that can make it.  We ask for it and the waitstaff just looks up to the back kiosk to see if waffle man is there.  If the light is off that means no go for waffles and sadness ensues.  Apparently, only one man on the whole staff at House of Bowls can make waffles.House of Bowls is very clean compared to other Chinatown establishments.  HoB is in a more isolated plaza making it easier to find parking.  They also accept credit cards so that makes life a tad easier.
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2010,11/30/2010,439,285,1,9,9>Ah, My Fit Foods -- I was skeptical at first -- freshly made, healthy meals and made without preservatives.  I was seeking an alternative to breakfast meals, for which most are usually full of cholesterol  (think eggs, bacon, sausage, etc).  So, occasionally, I will buy the breakfast taco's there (ground turkey and eggwhites with some cheese and salsa) or the Americano -- red potatoes, mashed, with eggwhites and  super lean sirloin.I don't think I'd try their 21 day plan is it MUCH to stringent and I would get sick of turkey or chicken all the time.However, the food IS good -- if you can stand ground turkey and chicken most of the time.  It is healthy and fresh, I can say that for sure.Can you do this yourself?  Sure you can, but for a single guy like me, who doesn't really have the time to cook, this place rocks!Also, watch for the "tags" on the expiration date -- most items are good for 3 or 4 days, but if you buy the ones that are expiring next day, they usually give 50% off.Overall, a great place with fresh pre-packaged meals.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2010,11/29/2010,19,44,6,12,6>Dude! Kevin at Lone Star is awesome! These guys are fair and honest and hard workin'! Our condo is pretty darn old and needed some serious electrical TLC. We finally had to break down in these tough economic times and call an electrician when the living outlets ALL stopped working, and yes, I checked the breaker box first! Something was wrong with a capital R. Kevin came right out and inspected everything diligently - each and every outlet and fixture from one end of the house to the other until he found the culprit! He spent just over an hour and charged me accordingly - no price gouging here, folks! Seriously - give Kevin a call. He won't steer you wrong and will fix your electrical problems too!
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2010,11/28/2010,40,41,13,11,12>Like the discovery of Shangri-La or herpes, you try to keep it to yourself.  I've debated on whether or not to give a review because I don't want other clowns overcrowding my Friday night reservation.This place is NOT just dinner, it is something more.  The owners of the restaurant are always on site and make you feel like Beyonce with the VIP service/attention.  We had the cannelloni florentine, filet mignon and crème brulee.  The food selection here is on the lighter side with fresh greens dominating nearly every dish.  Generally satisfied with our meal.  My filet was a bit overcooked and grainy, but I didn't expect much for a ~$20 steak. See below for my instructions for a perfect night-1.  Call your old friend(s) or family member(s) to catch up over dinner2.  Make reservations at 'Just Dinner'3.  Go to Specs and pick out a nice earthy vino (cork fee of just $8!) 4.  Go to dinner and enjoy the company of othersConclusion:  This place has something that Houston restaurants lack, an intimate soul and quaint character.See below for supplemental info:- Price: Average (~$80 including gratuity for two)- Atmosphere: 5/5 stars, what you expect from a restaurant in a small picturesque town in Vermont (~10 tables)- Service: 5/5 starsBig turnoff:- Don't expect to get a table without a reservation
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2010,11/27/2010,92,206,15,17,14>Move over Loggia, there's a new upscale lounge in town. Looking to shake your groove thang in the Sugar Land area? Don't wanna make the trip to the city? Me neither! Come to M Lounge!Located behind the Super Target, this spot is on the second floor of a new Indian business strip center. It's right above the Mint Spice Bistro, and me thinks the same dude owns the entire strip. It's supposed be a multi-dimensional theme with Mint Spice Bistro downstairs, M Lounge upstairs, and Sugar Land Social Club (banquet hall) somewhere in the mix. I didn't patronize anywhere but the M Lounge, but I was seeing multi dimensional when I left.There's Indian decor throughout this massive, opulent venue. Too often you see under capitalized "upscale lounges" cutting corners from Day 1; that's not the case here. They dropped some cash up in this bitch and have successfully created an elegant experience throughout. One side is the dance floor with a buttload of seating along the side. Then you work your way around to the bar area and there's more booths and tables. Leather and stitched, tufted cushions everywhere. Very nice!The back patio might be the biggest patio in Houston, for realz y'all. There's room for another club back there! Don't get drunk and lose your party! There isn't any seating (yet) but we were informed that they're currently still soft opening. I'm sure these savvy guys will lay out some sort of furniture back there soon.  DJ was spinning decent House music, and the bartenders seemed pretty green. I'm sure they'll work the kinks out once the masses start kicking down the door. Rule #1 is you gotta get drinks in the people's hands, and you gotta be quick about it! The booze pays the bills!I love the unique decor and theme, and I admire the fact that they're not  sheisty with the space itself. It's Texas sized!
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2010,11/26/2010,155,315,6,9,8>Menil Park is kind of hard to review. Let's see, if I just went with a description, I'd have the following:Menil Park is an expanse of green with no amenities. However, you can do things one might do on grass, including sitting, walking, and running. Oh, there's a sculpture of metal bars I haven't really figured out. Add "looking and wondering at sculpture" to the list of activities.Of course, you can bring your own activities. On a pleasant Saturday, you'll see large and small groups of people dotted all across the lawn, and it's a pleasant vibe. It's conveniently located at the center of the Menil complex (really?! whodathunk), so if you go the museum, you can chillax with your impulse-purchase of a cupcake before trotting inside (picnic of one, kids!). Also, the parking situation is a major win. There's side street parking, but the Menil parking lot, too. If you forget to bring food, half the time, on Saturdays, there's a food truck (pita, taco, cupcake) by the Menil. Menil Park's just so chill, which is what makes it awesome.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2010,11/25/2010,73,202,7,10,9>The first time I went to Kata Robata was for lunch several weeks ago. I had an extremely flavorful bowl of miso soup to start. My entree was fried tofu topped with bonito flakes which was bizarre given that: A) they used soft tofu chunks (rather than firm) which gave the tofu a texture similar to a jellyfish squeezeball, and B) the bonito flakes moved around as if they were alive (maybe they were- I don't know). I got out of there for $12 and the California Minimalist decor was cool and the service efficient so I made a note to return. This past Friday night my husband wanted a casual dinner of sushi so rather than going to usual old Japanese stand-by, Blue Fish, I suggested Kata Robata. When we arrived, we were seated in a booth located directly under a POS machine which meant that the waitstaff were constantly using the machine to input orders, talking and looking down at us. Why someone would place a POS machine in the center of a nice restaurant immediately next to diners is a mystery. Kata Robata's dinner menu was 4 pages long and filled with inventive offerings such as Lobster Miso Mac+Cheese, Sea Urchins with "King Crab Spoons", Foie Gras with Daikon, etc... Other than the Edamame and Miso Soup, I figured they were all entrees but wanted to be sure so I asked the waiter. To my surprise, he said that all the dishes (except for the 4-5 entrees listed on the bottom of the last page) were appetizer size and advised that getting three each would be the equivalent of a meal. With these dishes between $10 - 19, it quickly became clear that our casual supper was going to be very expensive. Wine was equally pricey. A glass of Kim Crawford Sauvignon Blanc was $12, which was a huge mark-up given that a bottle is currently available at Costco for $12.99. I think the waiter noticed our surprised faces and came back in a moment with their Happy Hour Menu which was a lot more reasonably priced and available until 7 pm. It was 6:30pm at the time so we ordered California Rolls ($4 each) and their house wine ($5 a glass). From the dinner menu, we ordered the Tuna "Tar Tar" (tartare) which was an artfully presented mound of chopped raw tuna bound with sliced cherry tomatoes, onion and sesame oil served with paper thin slices of fried "Renkon" (Japanese white radish). We also got a deep fried avocado stuffed with crab which was excellent and had a decadently unctuous mouthfeel. In retrospect, the food was great and the decor stylish.  I think though that given the prices, the key to enjoying Kata Robata without breaking the bank is going there for lunch or happy hour.
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/9/2010,11/24/2010,103,89,5,6,4>My buddy, who's always up for adventures in foodieland, used to work in this area and wanted to check this place out, so we took a trip way out of our hood to see what was up. It's your standard Mexican meat market, a small grocery store with a food counter, no frills, a little run down. If that scares you, don't waste your time.We got three tacos each. The carnitas were excellent, as was the mystery meat guiso. The bacon, egg and bean taco was sitting out too long though and it looked like a lot of the food was sitting out untouched - menudo, posole, carne guisada and a few others didn't look so great. I did like two of the tacos enough to go back though. At $1 each, we probably spent more on gas than we did on food.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,11/22/2010,305,198,7,11,8>Holy baklava!Well, they don't really call it baklava here but it still tastes delicious.I've gotta give yelp the credit on this find. I work for an "agency" that sends me to a lot of properties all around Houston so I often find myself in an area I'm unfamiliar with. Using the yelp application, I found out that the Falafel Restaurant was right around the corner. Instantly, my interest was piqued. Falafel? Mediterranean? I can honestly say I've never experienced it before and I'm most definitely an open minded person. The only factor was the price. I've been exhausting my budget as of late and 5 $10 lunches a week are starting to look less and less necessary.So I check out the reviews and... wait. Someone uploaded a menu? Lamb Kebab Sandwich for under $5!?! SERIOUSLY!?! And it's a Ma and Pop restaurant? What's not to love.I get on the phone and order to go, and while the short conversation seemed rude, I was excited. Why? Because growing up with a immigrant mother, I learned that if the heavier and more authentic the accent, the more authentic the food. The guy I spoke to over the phone simply needed to talk in smaller sentences. I get that.The prices are very reasonable here. There is an all you can eat buffet for $7.95 and everything seems homemade.First impression of the actual restaurant? Not first date appropriate but with a hookah patio and friendly enviornment, I've decided it'd be a great place to bring a couple of friends to lounge and munch. "Ma and Pop" seem very friendly. The gentleman took one look at me and asked, "You've never been here before?" I got the feeling these guys got very familiar with their customers. Mulitply that feeling when a group of customers came in, waved and enthsiastically greeted "Ma and Pop" with firm hand shakes and warm words.The "Sandwich" was actually a giant wrap stuffed with grilled onion, lamb hot off the kebab with what I think is a delicious yogurt sauce. The meat was a little tough and chewy, but considering the price, I think I got my money's worth. Ohhhh and boy was everyone in the office jealous. They all plan on hitting the Falafel Restaurant this week.The next time I go, I most definitely am trying the Falafel.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,11/21/2010,172,157,1,11,8>In mid December, my mother's co-workers celebrated her birthday. 1/4 of the cake was left over after the party, and I was lucky enough to get a slice. ;o) A quick glance at the box revealed the cake inside was from El Bolillo Bakery. To name a bakery after a popular mexican bread was enough to make me smile. After my first spoonful, my tastebuds thanked me for overcoming any initial thoughts about coffee in cake. The coffee flavor was noticeable but subtle, so I was able to enjoy the flavor, even as a non-coffee drinker. This tres leches was moist, creamy, and packed with tres leches goodness. I love spins on traditional recipes. While I have never actually been to El Bollillo Bakery, the delicious coffee tres leches cake made my tastebuds happy. ;o) I am curious to see what other tasty sweets they offer.
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2010,11/20/2010,51,137,2,7,6>I am in love with Benjy's. Both of them. But I think this one might be my favorite. #1 - It's so easy to get to! The one in the Village can't help but be a pain in my ass because I have to take 610 to 59 to get there. It's ridiculous. #2 - The restaurant itself is completely gorgeous. #3 - The patio upstairs is enormous, and I must say, last night was PERFECT patio weather. Damn I love Houston in January. I met four girlfriends for happy hour last night, and we were the first group on the patio so we picked a perfect, large table in the middle of the action. I was a little disappointed to notice they've really pared down their happy hour appetizer selections. No more beef arepas, no more pork dumplings? Sadness... They do offer pork and shrimp dumplings now (brand new according to our waitress) but they've got a curry thing going on that I can't get down with. One of my curry-loving girlfriends ordered them though and she said they were amazing. We also had a margarita pizza on the table, a chicken and sausage pizza, two orders of fries (why the hell not?), the pistachio crusted goat cheese cakes, and the piece de resistance - mom's chocolate cake. Everything was delicious. I especially loved the margarita pizza, I'm a sucker for good mozzarella and pesto. The goat cheese cakes were also spectacular. The cakes had a strong goat cheese flavor, but not too powerful to scare off a novice. They were also served with two great sauces. One tasted like a spicy Dijon mustard, and the other was more like a honey mustard. I do wish they had been served with stronger crackers though because the teensy, thin cracker pieces that were decoratively placed in each cake were too weak to stand up to the density of these beauties. I may have to bring my own Wheat Thins next time... *I star this because it's important. Mom's chocolate cake is probably the best restaurant chocolate cake that I've ever had. It was huge, and the five of us struggled to finish it (you bet your ass we killed it though). Two hunks of cake served warm, with a frosting that tasted very much like brownie batter. A scoop of vanilla ice cream on the side and blue berries and raspberries scattered throughout... it was sex on a plate. Our wait service had its highs and lows. It was great at first, but then it got crowded and our waitress disappeared, and then it got REALLY crowded and we suddenly had six different waiters checking on our table. They were kind enough to split our check for us, although it took a few tries to get it right. I do love a place that will split checks without attitude! Speaking of attitude, I will say that the clientele was mainly pretty people. Very pretty people. Like, people so pretty that I felt largely out of place - and I am not fishing for compliments! It felt very much like a see and be seen place, but hey, as long as they let the riff raff in too, I'm cool with that.
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2010,11/19/2010,256,89,1,12,11>Came here for lunch with a group of co-workers, and what a pleasant surprise. The hummus is so addicting! I could easily make a meal of it along with the toasty warm taftoon bread that it's served with. I ordered the Shishleek Combo as my main meal, which consisted of two skewers, one chicken and one beef served on a bed of Basmati rice. The chicken was tender and juicy, and the rice was soft and had a yummy sweet smelling fragrance, the beef was just ok. My co-workers all enjoyed their lunch as well, one of them ordered the Khorake Karafs, I'm not a fan of lamb but hers looked and smelled delicious, and she confirmed it was very flavorful and could taste a hint of several different spices that blended well together. I noticed they had at least three managers/supervisors standing around, each of them observing a different area of the restaurant and ready to assist the waiters or customers themselves, which made for the great service we received.I will definitely be back, next time I may go for one of their lunch specials of the day, with your choice of a complimentary side of hummus or house salad. I'm happy I work near this small and somewhat hidden Persian gem.
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2010,11/18/2010,308,398,23,25,22>Confession time:  I've been remiss in not reviewing this quirky fusion spot sooner.  In my defense, I'm always lured across the street to Shri Balaji Bhavan when I'm feeling like a quick "pure" Indian adventure.Blending deft European pastry skills with the mystery savory flavors of the former British colony, this spic-and-span shop with the very innocuous name offers an interesting niche on the already bursting at the seams diversity that is Hillcroft Avenue.I was introduced to the place by a review in the Houston Press many years ago (How many years, you ask?  Don't go there.) and, on my most recent visit, I had the same thing as before:  a chicken tikka pastry "pizza".  I know it doesn't sound very good but let me fill you in:  they take a fluffy buttery pastry (about the size of a drink coaster) and layer it with some delicious chicken tikka masala.  Warmed up via the microwave and doused with some of the special chili sauce on the table, this makes for a light yet savory meal.  Good stuff for about $3.They make traditional bakery items, too:  cakes, cookies, pastries, and breads round out the assortment but I stumble in here for the "fusion" items.  Because of its specialization, I have to be in a mood for Indian but not "too Indian".  Yes, that last sentence makes almost no sense to me either.  Sorry about that - but, when you just want to try something different without risking a lot of cash, try them out.  You may be pleasantly surprised.  If not, well, just go across the street to Shri Balaji Bhavan or to Raja Sweets.Now that I've fully confessed, I can go commit another sin of gluttony.  Be right back.
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2010,11/17/2010,159,62,10,14,12>If you have never been here and live in Houston you must go. I was shocked to find out how many people had no idea about this awesome place.I would suggest walking into the info bldg and grabbing a map, and then your adventure begins. You can get so much use out of this place...nature walk, photography, flowers and animal lovers, exercise power walking with canned goods in grasp like gramma and grampa at the mall, ok maybe not that but I'm just so thrilled about it all because it's so nice to adventure into the unknown and get away from the city.There is cool stuff like a huge meadow far north west of the parking lot, or a variety of ponds and mini lakes that are full of life if you take the time to seek them out. If you havn't been, go and take a break from the fonky city for some ME time, family time, or you and your dog time, whatever time. Its really an awesome asset to have only 10 minutes from home for me.Best part its all FREE. Word to the wise, if you venture too far in towards the freeway (610 Loop) you will hear the traffic and it kind of takes away from the experience a bit.Have fun. And be sure and tell em'.......Larrrge Marrrge sent ya!
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,11/16/2010,419,749,9,18,13>Banish the bad memories of late-night college eats and Jim Gaffigan skits about Hot Pockets.  Oh My! Pocket Pies may just be the antidote you need to love these filled, flaky foldovers once again.  Coming hot and fresh off a food truck, this husband-and-wife duo are smiling, friendly and ready to serve up some goodness.  I was able to try a few at an Art League opening Friday night and boy was I ever happy.  After looking over the menu, we decided on each grabbing a Twice Baked Potato and sharing a S'more.  The Twice Baked Potato was truly impressive--creamy and delish, with veggie bacon bits, cheese and fresh green onions.  And the s'more was absolutely heavenly--melted marshmallow goo and Nutella inside, and cinnamon and sugar sprinkled on its outer layer.The only complaint the BF & I had was that we wished they were about 30% bigger.  They're a little on the small side, but at $3 a pop-- $2 for the sweet ones--you can afford to pick up a second.  I'm sold on these little empanadas.  Locally sourced, compostable trash and delicious, fresh ingredients: what more could you ask for in your food?
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2010,11/15/2010,320,247,6,11,7>I usually review restaurants, so I must mention that this is a store..like a local butcher!  No hot stove, no microwave, no nothing. Everything is either cold in the meat section or the frozen section.  It is basically a convenient cajun grocery store!Turducken - this is their specialty!  And also other stuffed meats!Their website is quite helpful with what they serve...which is some good ol' cajun food.Being a Louisiana girl, I was craving some gumbo, meat pies and crawfish pies.I went here on a Saturday and was comfortable all around.  It is a small shop with fridges and freezers all around with Zatarains and New Orleans seasoning packages throughout the store.I picked up the frozen gumbo, 3 meat pies, and one turducken stuffed with ground pork.  In a matter of weeks, my hubs and I cooked everything according to directions and it all tasted like home.  I would NOT recommend the meat pies because they are not as spicy/flavorful as the ones you get at the corner store in NOLA.  But everything else is just as good.  Forget driving 5 hours to NOLA...I can just go to Herberts and get my fix for NOLA!!  YAY!!
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2010,11/14/2010,105,95,5,10,6>From the suggestion of fellow Yelper Eva K, we decided to track down the mobile (van) Frosted Betty Bake Shop. From the menu, the different types of cupcakes include classic, specialty, filled, and cocktail.  I've had 3 types of classic cupcakes. Vanilla with Raspberry frosting, Chocolate with Raspberry frosting, and Red Velvet. The cake was moist and the frosting was very good.For lunch one day, we decided to check out the actual bake shop. In the "real" Katy, about 1 mile off Interstate 10, is where you'll find it.  Frosted Betty is on a quiet street behind a historically designated house. Upon walking up the the bake shop, you make your order at a walk up counter. There are a few places to sit down outside/around the shop. (benches and a gazebo)The cupcakes seem kind of small for the price tag. 3 dollars for a classic and 3.25 for specialty. I've only tried one of the specialty cupcakes, the Bananas Foster. It was good, but I really  want to try the Almond Ricotta Raspberry Cupcake and the Peach Cobbler Cupcake. I may (will) just have to drive out to Katy one more time to try it out.
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2010,11/13/2010,121,314,4,6,4>Ended up going to Sugarcane on a Friday night. I've been wanting to check it out for a while as I found the concept really intriguing and I like the fact that the bar is further away from all the craziness on Washington Ave. While I waited for my girlfriend to use the restroom one of the bartenders approached me and just gave me a quick intro on the concept and gave a couple of recommendations.  My girlfriend got a Watermelon Refresher and I got something made with Makers Mark and hibiscus liqueur. The Watermelon drink is their most popular according to the bartender and I can see why, since it was pretty smooth and easy to drink. My drink was pretty strong so I'm surprised people complained about the drinks being weak or sugary. I then ordered a drink with acai-infused vodka, coconut, and passionfruit. This one felt a bit weaker because the coconut water was pretty overpowering.As luck would have it we ended up meeting a friend for a pre-game drink there on Saturday as well. We scored a table and one of the owners, Tony, came over to chat with us. Very friendly dude and he asked some opinions on the beer menu in specific. We had a round of Sugardaddies which are made with tequila and creme de violetI really enjoyed the drinks and the ambiance. One of my new favorite places in Houston. The drink prices are a bit steep but they're well worth it.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2010,11/12/2010,32,68,7,26,15>I have one of those raspy voices that only sounds good over the phone and should never, ever be heard singing.I promised my friend I would go to his birthday party here and also promised him I wouldn't assault anyone's ears.  Unfortunately for everyone involved I rarely handed over the microphone.  We had one of the party rooms.  It was super small but I think that added to the fun of the whole evening.  I know I wouldn't have sang a thing on stage.  The private rooms have a minimum spending limit and be aware they only fit around 10--- if you get the small room.  They have TV screens on two of the walls and are set up with your own personal computer so you can pick and choose whatever you want throughout the night.  The waitress assigned to our room was attentive and nice.I can't comment on much of the bar scene because we stayed wrapped in our personal karaoke cocoon.  What I do know from walking through the main room is that everyone looked really serious and slightly somber about karaoke.It was a total blast and contributed to my voice becoming slightly raspier.
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2010,11/11/2010,215,403,5,6,7>Chocolate lovers, unite!If you want over the top, rich, baked desserts, then this is the place.  This is not "how mom used to make".  The desserts have that professional feel.  The cookies do have a welcome hint of home-cooking, and the chocolate chip is excellent.They have an assortment of items that are truly decadent.  Their selection consists primarily of cakes, cupcakes, muffins, and cookies.  The cakes are beautifully intense in flavor and richness.  The cupcakes are of many assorted flavors, including a German Chocolate cupcake.  I haven't had the muffins, but they had a good selection of flavors.The brownie was dense enough to be used as ballast in ocean-going vessels.  But it was rich and moist.  Unusually, they are rather thin, with an equal thickness of frosting on it.  It's not normally what I go for in a brownie, but I couldn't stop eating that chocolate goodness.For lighter fare, they have chocolate-dipped strawberries.  I was going to try one the last time I was in there, but at the time they only had "white chocolate"...come on, there's no such thing.  It's an oxymoron.  Army intelligence.  Safe sex.  White chocolate.  Please.  CHOCOLATE HAS TO HAVE COCOA IN IT PEOPLE.  Sorry.  /rant offAnyway, an amazing place.  Whether you like your chocolate dark or white.  And they do have a lot of choices that aren't chocolate.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2010,11/10/2010,3163,3020,18,29,22>Had a friend come into town and I wanted to show her that Houston has some great stuff.  I kept naming off all these nice restaurants and she said yea we have one of those in Dallas too.  I was like well you know what?I'll take you somewhere I know they don't have in Dallas, because it's ran by 1 guy.So I drove to the parking lot of Mango's on Saturday afternoon and sure enough the crepe man was there.  It was a day that could have been great or nasty depending on where you were in town.  It was super sunny in certain areas while storming in others.  This area was in between shifting.His board was mostly washed away so he gave us the specials verbally.  He always has the classics which are ham, egg, and cheese and bananas and nutella.  He also had this day peaches and cream.  My favorite was the ham, egg, and cheese because he mixes the egg in with the crepe batter.  The ham is fresh and very lean.  The peaches were cut right before our eyes.The guy who runs the stand is the nicest guy ever and works hard and fast to provide wonderful treats!There's nothing more local than this!
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2010,11/9/2010,112,84,6,11,9>If you are trying to look for this place, please drive slow homie. You will miss it with a blink of an eye, YET, this place is centered wonderfully in the beautiful Midtown area. With an extra-fabulous atmosphere filled with art work, diverse crowd, and a smooth glass of pinot noir, I can assure you that local jazz players and your favorite DJs will be seen at this spot! My friends and I hosted a night here and was SUPER pleased with the great service that was provided from the bar and the team.Art|Wine|Coffee|Dart ---- You get all those things.. literally! I caught myself dazing off uncomfortably with my neck turned, while in conversation ,staring down the beautiful art work, haha. They also have lunch specials:Turkey & Cheddar sandwich for like 3 bucksVegan salads and more..So if you are ever in the area.. STOP BY THIS JOINT!
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2010,11/8/2010,81,217,5,8,7>In a town with tons of steak places, this place is pretty darn good.  I was sad to see all of the "? heads" with 1 review for this place giving it 4 & 5 star reviews.  It dilutes the real reviews, which pretty accurately gage the quality of this place.I went on a Saturday night with a friend, to sit at the bar, have dinner and watch a football game.  The place was pretty empty, which didn't surprise me on a Saturday night downtown.  III Forks has a modern, sleek feel - which is refreshing for a steak place.  There were tvs posted around the room, but not in an obnoxious way.  There was also house music played in the background at a great volume level.  The service was friendly and on the spot.  The menu is basic steakhouse fare.  I ordered a filet mignon, rare...mash potatoes and mushrooms.  My friend ordered the filet, as well.  The steaks were cooked to perfection and were a great quality of meat.  The sides were yum, yum, yummy...with the mashed potatoes being the best.  I would definitely recommend III Forks for a great steak dinner or a trip back to the bar.
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2009,11/7/2010,93,136,3,4,4>*sigh* Everything to be said has been said already but I enjoyed this place way too much not to review it. One of my favorite things about Yelp is discovering places I would have not otherwise given a second glance to, and West Alabama Ice House is definitely worth being "discovered". It's surrounded by benches on 3 sides of the little bar/ice house. The remaining side contained the tiny parking lot that was full so I parked about 2 streets down, but the weather was perfect for a nice little jaunt. It was also perfect for outside seating, drinking beer, and eating hot dogs. I loved the dogs running around and the quick service I got at the bar, also received a nice hug from the grilling man when I tipped him.  Yay free hot dogs and yay me!There was a live band playing, people shooting hoops, others flinging horse shoes, and a short line for the restrooms out back. Everyone was having fun in their own little groups. Its like a tranquil version of a high school cafeteria, different cliques and minus the drama. I would come back here to take advantage of nice weather, and bring my dog with me next time.
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,11/6/2010,107,144,3,11,5>This is one of my new favorite places in Houston!!  I just LOVED it and can't wait to go back! My boyfriend and I went here before going to The Nutcracker.  We werent really sure what to expect because of the name and the look of the outside.  But based on the menu I had seen online I figured it had to be pretty nice.  And it was!The ambience is one of the best parts.....dark wide plank hardwood floors, dark wood tables/chairs, chocolate leather seats and couches, candle light, brick walls, dim lights and great loungy music.  The biscuts were so good and the butter wasnt hard! ( one of my biggest pet peeve's is hard butter ).  We ordered the Fisherman's Stew for an appetizer and it was very tasty...lots of spices and seafood.I got the Pan Roasted Organic Chicken for my entree and he go the Veal Chop.  I loved my chicken but his Veal was AMAZING.  I will definitely be getting that next time.  This is a great place for a date, dinner party, happy hour, or anything! I am so excited this is here...it is exactly what Washington ( actually right off of Washington ) needed!! I cant wait to go back! :)
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2010,11/5/2010,231,233,18,15,14>A BAR! IN A MOVIE THEATRE! All movie theatres should have a bar. You should be able to have that rum and coke with any movie you watch. Or, if the movie or your date sucks, you should be able to walk right out of the movie and sit down at a bar immediately. VEGAN CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES! That taste better than regular chocolate chip cookies!FOREIGN/INDIE FILMS! Rapidly reading English subtitles of French indie flicks while drinking alcohol and eating delicious vegan chocolate chip cookie and really buttery popcorn!Novel idea, mates. Count me in.
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2010,11/4/2010,408,480,12,21,15>Attention Yelpers! Houston has a new, specialty sausage place! I've been waiting for a place like this to open up in Houston. The menu offers sausage made from wild game (rabbit, buffalo, elk, duck, pheasant, etc) served on a pretzel bun! In Chicago, Hot Doug's, is a huge hit where people would wait up to 2 hours for the sausages. I'm sure the buzz will spread in Houston in no time. I like the short line I was in but I'm sure I won't be so happy once a line begins to grow. ;)__________________________________________________­____Moon Tower Inn PROCEDURE:1. When you arrive, walk up to the counter and greet the nice person behind the counter. :) Put in your order and get a few beers/soda pop. Tip: You can leave a tab open. Woot!2. Take a copy of your order and walk over to the grill and hand it to the 'sausage griller'.3. Find a place to sit. Be patient, kick it with your friends and participate in some beer consumption while you wait for the sausage delivery! __________________________________________________­____THE POSITIVES:+ They GRILL the sausage in the fire-y bbq pit outside. You can smell your food cooking while you wait. + Pretzel bread buns! Not the usual hot dog bun. Tastes great!+ Patio space has a few tables where you can sit outside and enjoy your food+ Hard working yet easy going staff. No frills, these guys are just here to make an honest living. +$1 Lonestar on draft__________________________________________________­____WHAT I'VE TRIED SO FAR:Duck with fois gras and sauterne: 5/5Pheasant with cognac: 4/5Elk with apple, pear and port: 5/5 *** I insist that anyone who enjoys eating something extraordinary and doesn't mind wild game... do make some time and head over to Moon Tower Inn. As Arnold Schwarzenegger would say, "I'll BE BACK."
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2010,11/3/2010,229,569,6,11,9>I actually came here because a friend told me I should check out the artist on display. I wasn't a fan of the old Cactus Music location, so I didn't think much of going to this one. I was there for the art, but man . . . I'd forgotten what how cool a real record store can be!The first thing that caught my eye was the vinyl section . . . in fact, it's the only part of the store I really hung out in. I timidly asked if I could listen to a few records and the guy let me loose on the dual turntable set up. "Play the records as loud as you want." Amazing! I didn't even get to the rest of the store, but it's massive and completely cool. Definitely a cool place!
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2010,11/1/2010,115,296,7,21,7>After a lot of research, this is where the hubby and I had our wedding reception. Just wanted to note this is the BALLROOM. They don't open daily for meals and such. This space is reserved for special events.Background & Requirements:- We were expecting about 275-300 guests.- We wanted to stay close to downtown.- We wanted the biggest bang for our buck.Why we chose this place:- We had the entire building to ourselves for the entire week, day, AND night of our wedding. This gave us the opportunity to go in early during the week to set up and ease the stress the day-of the wedding.- It's more affordable than going to an American hotel. 9 courses. 10 people per table. It can range from $45-$80/person depending on what food you choose -- but still 9 courses.- It met the above requirements.- If we went to Kim Son Jefferson, we'd have to share the upstairs part with another wedding and hear their music.- If we went to the Kim Son Bellaire, they let in dim sum until 3 PM and you know that dim sum can last forever... and they don't kick out the customers. Receptions usually start at 6, so that would leave less than 2 hours to set up.The good:- Minh Nguyen (the more petite guy), the wedding coordinator for the place was very nice and let us in a few times to scope out the banquet hall and plan ahead. He nicely let us in early to take care of our stuff too.- We LOVED having the place to ourselves.- We got to hang stuff from the ceiling ourselves.- BYOB!- Hennessy discount through Kim Son.The bad:- Our waitstaff drank from our kegs of beer. By the time I wanted to get myself some Shiner, IT WAS GONE.- According to my reception coordinator, the waitstaff was breakdancing in the backroom when my guests needed help with cake.- One of the (underage) waiters were drunk on the job.- The night manager was a total ass hole. His name was also Minh and he was a bigger guy. He made my husband take out the checkbook and pay the remaining balance of our reception on the spot, when we had made previous arrangements with the other Minh to pay it the next morning.Overall a good experience. I don't know if there's much you can do to change the wait staff.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2010,10/31/2010,36,356,7,8,6>Apparently inspired by Inception, the people behind Jus' Mac have gained access to my dreams. At least they're using their powers for good.  As soon as I heard there was going to be a restaurant dedicated solely to man's greatest culinary achievement, I knew I had to give it a try.Thankfully, Jus' Mac didn't let me down in the food department.  There is a lot of variety in the mac n' cheese offered (I tried the one with bacon), so it's definitely a spot worthy of repeat business.  Also great is the fact that you can get wine or beer with your order--so much classier than the Kraft I make at home.  I'll be back to try out some of the more intriguing offerings, such as Rustic and Buffalo Chicken.On the downside, I'll echo what Nhi said in the original review.  There was a pretty long delay in getting my food.  Mac n' cheese may be delicious, but it's not rocket science, no matter how adventurous some of the recipes may be.  And the parking lot is small, and was packed.  However, I'll chalk all of that up to it being opening night.  I'm sure that over the coming days and weeks, the kitchen will speed things up.  The crowds, on the other hand, are likely to remain, because seriously, how cool is it to be able to choose from a dozen kinds of mac n' cheese?
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2010,10/30/2010,29,177,7,9,6>Talk about stepping back into the 70's, early 80's!!?!?!?Old school decor, complete with a salad and soup bar. ;-)I have been eyeing Bonnie's for quite some time now, as I pass it each day on the way home from work.  Well today lent itself to the BF and I eating here, as Tropical Storm Alex was pounding down on us on our way back from a funeral service.I ordered one of the Chef's Specials:  NY Strip Steak (topped with red onion rings), Chargrilled Shrimp and new potatoes.My steak was EXCELLENT!!! :-D  This steak BLEW away the Filet that I had at Lorenzo's.  It was perfectly seasoned and charred, AND cooked as I requested it.The grilled shrimp that came with it were way undercooked, so I didn't eat them.  (I didn't really care though because my steak was so damned good!)For dessert I ordered the Chocolate Mousse Cake, which was fine.  It totally tasted like it came from the HEB across the street at Gulfgate, but it was o.k.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2010,10/29/2010,94,117,6,10,9>I had the menu, had a lot of cocktails, had a lot of food, had a lot of brew... and it was all oh, so, good.  The owners of Oporto left the European continent behind for jolly ol' England and I must say, they did so smashingly well and I was most impressed.The array of British pub fare was blended with the contemporary London cuisine scene with its Indian infusion in its meals.  From the Ribs Samosa to the Lamb Keema Croquettes (Organic lamb enveloped with whipped Yukon gold potatoes with a green pea chutney) and Prawn & Vegetable Bhajia were all over the top delicious, and were such a taste sensual blend of greatness that if British Cuisine and Indian Cuisine had met at the local pub, got pissed, then went home and shagged, this is the jolly lil' governor that would be the love result.I also partook of the Ploughman's Platter and the English Burger - and yes, I was horribly full, but the sampling was something that kept on going and going.  I had finished the Ribs Samosa and the Lamb Keena Croquettes with some pints of Guinness.  The Ploughman's Platter - a fabulous blend of local texas cheeses, cured linguica sausage and was served with some berries and - get ready for this - green apple jalapeno marmalade and some honey.  That was over the top awesome.  The English Burger was so delectable, it overpassed the Ploughman's Platter in many aspects - but the two were night and day,And that difference required me to move to a cocktail.  The Gil Signature Martini is the Vesper Martini.  Never had a Vesper?  Easy.  Mix 3 parts 90-proof gin, 1 part Vodka, 1/2 part Kina Lillet, shake over ice til cold, serve up in champagne goblet with twist of lemon.  Specifically, I had three of these fabulous drinks.Dessert was their version of creme brulee (the Basmati Creme Brulee) which was much more delicious than any that had touched my lips, and went spectacularly well with my coffee drinks.  I found out that the Queen Vic is now home to actual English Tea Time.  Which is nice, not many places do that any more.  So, all good things came around to me saying that this place is a must.  A great find, a great place, a menu worthy of any self-proclaimed foodie, knowledgeable staff. and they make cocktails with care.How much care?  They make their own homemade mixers such as Grenadine, various bitters, and so on - which adds a certain flair to the place.
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2010,10/28/2010,2219,1117,12,8,8>I am convinced that I could wean every crack addict off of crack if I could give them a cupcake from Crave. Sure, it would be expensive and they would weigh 400 pounds before too long, but I think it would be a good public interest initiative. Seriously - these cupcakes are about as addictive as crack, or at least compared to how addictive I think crack would be based on watching such fine television shows as the Wire and enjoying NWA rap music.What makes a cupcake magical and addictive? Think back to primary school - those disgusting starchy little grocery store cupcakes with the grease-laden and shiny frosting, all chemical-ed up. Yeah, those were the worst!You walk into Crave and see the people working behind the glass. It's nice to know I have never caught the workers spitting in anything - but with the glass I am going to keep watching! Then your eyes focus on the display case of the day's catch. It's kind of like seeing the Chupacabra because your first instinct is "holy S!" and then you think "OMGOMGOMG" and then your stomach goes to work trying to figure out what your fix for the day is going to be (in the Chupacabra analogy, I just assume we would have to kill him to cook him and see whether he tastes like chicken, so the analogy still holds up.)They have daily flavors and allthetime flavors. Thursday is my favorite day and a chocolate coconut is my lunch or snack. But red velvet? C'mon, I would eat a dozen of them any time of day or night.I don't know if I am a cheapass or I just really like these cupcakes but anyone in my life with a birthday gets one of these instead of some grocery store halfassed attempt at a cake with "Happy birthday" misspelled in chicken scratch scrawl from that same bad greasy chemical mess icing.High quality ingredients, superawesomelyfriendly staff, and they (sadly) know my name already, like a few Starbucks locations - dangit.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2010,10/27/2010,211,151,5,10,6>Dare I say it--City Centre is the new hot spot of Houston (good riddance, Washington!!!!). I had only gone to City Centre twice before dining at Bistro Alex and both times were pretty lackluster. But Bistro Alex definitely turned my thoughts around. I liked it so much that after my first visit, I came back 3 days later! Bistro Alex is located in Hotel Sorella and it is a part of the Brennan's family. You can basically read David N's review (I was a part of his group) and he hit the nail on the head about all the dishes we had. The complimentary bread is the way i like it--complimentary (duh), big, and buttery (that's also how I like my women). If they don't give you jam to go with it, ask for it! It makes the bread sweet and compliments the garlic butter. The best bang for your buck appetizer are the flat breads. They give you 4 in a serving so it's easy to share and range from $9-12. I've tried the andouille and tasso flatbread and the Texas wild shrimp and avocado flatbread. Both are delicious and light enough so you won't fill up before your entree. I also tried the BBQ shrimp shortcake which is good, but very Cajun-y and full of flavor so I hope you can handle it! Onto the entrees. You gotta try the duck entree. The duck meat is so tender and moist that sometimes I thought I was eating filet mignon! I also enjoyed the whole red snapper, but it's awkward to eat because you have to pick at the bones. They also have a scrumptious mac n' cheese side dish (but who doesn't love mac n' cheese?). The great thing about Bistro Alex is that their portions are huge despite being a fine dining establishment (no wimpy portions here!).I tried 4 desserts over the course of both my dining experiences and my favorite is the Brennan's White Chocolate Bread Pudding. I got the chance to meet one of the pastry chefs Chloe and she was sweet. She even sent us a complimentary chocolate cake!I should note that the customer service here is top notch. The staff is very well trained and knowledgeable, and Paul, the GM, strives to make Bistro Alex the best. There is valet parking, or you can park for free in the garage next door. I highly recommend coming here, just bring your appetite!
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2010,10/26/2010,427,838,12,9,8>Look out, ladies and gentlemen, Sammy's is back. Well, "back" as in new management and a ridiculously generic name. That's right, Spazmatics fans, 2016 Main is now the happening spot for something called a "Mainstage." We were convinced by a friend of a friend to head out to ex-Sammy's for their grand reopening, which wasn't too difficult considering 80's cover bands are always a rocking good time. I briefed myself using the extremely handy yelp dot com, and the Sammy's reviews still apply to the reopened venue.Despite some awesomely terrible marketing for the terribly named Mainstage, there was still quite a crowd. We arrived at 11, and the line stretched around the block. Luckily for us, our friend of a friend was perched at the front; I ended up waiting about seven and a half minutes. But the caveat still applies: if you don't want to wait, get there early. We saw another friend later; he said he waited an hour. Also, valet parking is still an option, but even at 11, there was plenty of nearby street parking. You just have to be ready to fend off the bums should they appear.The layout described in the Sammy's reviews sounded a lot like new Mainstage, although the bouncer was trying to convince us that everything was brand-new (also of note: VIP entry and free bottle if you book ahead!). The dance floor is ridiculously crowded, and at one point, our bar wait was longer than our wait outside. In other words, the wait outside is legit. The bartenders were solid and gave a healthy pour. Also, my tab of 7 drinks came out to $30 (including tip). Either something I bought was ridiculously discounted or some of my order made its way to some other poor sucker's tab. No complaints here.The only downside is that, full knowing Houston June weather, the air conditioning was mysteriously M.I.A. It was hot, hot, hot, which equals sweat, sweat, sweat, which is gross, gross, gross. Gotta dock a star for that one.The Spazmatics, of course, were as awesome as a flock of seagulls haircut, the Summer of '69, or Ferris Bueller.
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2010,10/25/2010,33,28,23,15,14>All I hear about this Doozo place is "beware of the dumpling nazi" like she's some sort of soul-sucking halfling who devours your first born if you make the slightest bit of eye contact; so, you can imagine the dreadful anxiety I experienced trekking to the witch's lair in the advent of my first visit. The closer I got to it, the more I started to comfort myself: "She can't devour my kids, I have none" or "is there such a thing as a halfling in the first place?" Once I arrived, though, the long line gave me a temporary sense of relief. I peered over line and caught my first glimpse of her -- short, pitch black hair, menacing scowl, ghostly pale face, blood-colored lips, clad in all black (no joke)...it was game over...halflings do exist. Fortunately my old friend, Rose K., was there to keep me company and keep my mind off the inevitable. We talked, laughed, and caught up with each other's lives. It was so comforting to be with her that 10 minutes flew by and we were next to order. To my dismay, I completely lost my train of thought. I totally forgot what I wanted. My mind flustered as I tried to recall my order and not make eye contact when all of a sudden I heard cheerful banter. Rose K. was sweet talking the halfling! Not only that, the menacing cowl transformed into warm smiles. Short, one word responses became long conversations about each other's wellbeing. Turns out it didn't matter if I stuttered when I ordered my meal or that I said chicken before the amount of dumplings I wanted. All was bright and joyful as we left with 10 veggie dumplings with spicy sauce for her, 5 chicken and 5 veggie dumplings with spicy sauce for me, and two free cups of soup: one hot and sour, one wonton. These dumplings were so good. Each chicken and veggie dumpling was filled to the max with full-of-flavor goodness. I've been to dumpling places where the chefs skimped out on stuffing to save a couple bucks, but no, Doozo dumplings were overflowing with stuffing. I had to mind the stuffing from falling out after each bite. This shows their dumplings were of both great quality and quantity. The high standard resonated across all of their products. The hot and sour soup was full of ingredients. I was extremely pleased that each spoonful had a little bit of every ingredient and that the sour flavor didn't dull the palate. In addition, the wonton soup was of equal caliber. Sweet green onions floated in the translucent, rich broth where tender and pleasingly savory wontons waited to tickle the palate. Overall, my gastronomic experience was exquisite -- great company, great food, great times. Rose K., you are the halfling whisperer and my hero.
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2010,10/24/2010,216,95,5,16,16>Disclaimer:  This review is in no way intended to offend doctors in general.  I know there are excellent ones out there...somewhere.  ;PIf doctors who failed to follow the Hippocratic Oath had their medical license removed, we would probably see the number of doctors drop dramatically.  At least that would be my experience.  I don't claim to be a medical expert as I did not go to medical school (although I considered it), but I am sharp and analytical so you can't just feed me a line/diagnosis, give me a prescription, and shovel me out the door.  Sadly this happens to me all the time.  I have no primary care physician for this reason.  /rantI decided to go to an allergy clinic after what is deemed to be a bug bite left me with lots of swelling and quite a bit of pain.  Picking a doctor is like throwing a dart at a board with your eyes closed after someone spins you around in a circle.  Alma mater is not always an indicator of knowledge and ability.  Case in point:  I've heard Juilliard graduates musicians who are nothing to get excited about. I decided to give the Allergy and Asthma Associates clinic a try.  I liked that many of the doctors still write journal articles as a result of their ongoing research.  I made an appointment with Dr. Anthony J. Weido.  Dr. Weido is an M.D. as well as a Fellow of the American Academy of Allergy Asthma and Immunology (FAAAAI).  I didn't have to wait more than 20 minutes for the nurse to call me back.  After she took my vitals, Dr. Weido came in almost immediately.  He took a look at my medical questionnaire, examined the area in question, and told me he was not sure what it was.  He asked me if he could pull another doctor in to take a look as well, and I agreed.  This doctor also did not know what to make of it.  I did not figure out what is causing the bite/swelling at my office visit, but I did appreciate and respect Dr. Weido's genuine concern.  He suggested a plan of action to try and figure it out what is causing it.  Even if Dr. Weido doesn't discover the answer personally, he gets a gold star for being a problem solver and having the guts to tell me the truth.  Bravo!
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2010,10/23/2010,165,170,7,8,6>So we have the "King of Pop", the "King of the Jungle", and even the king of burgers "Burger King", but this place has the regal honor of the "King of Dim Sum". So I think I would be considered at "Intermediate" Level when it come to Dim Sum knowledge, having been to a total of 5 Dim Sum restaurants (Kim Son Stafford Location, Kim Son Bellaire Location, Ocean Palace, Yum Yum Cha in the Village, and Fung's Kitchen). I think Dim Sum King would be on par with the best of them. It is located in a run down shopping center in Bellaire next to the Welcome Grocery Store. We went there bright and early at 1030 AM to beat the crowd, after being forewarned by my handy dandy Yelp app. The "PEOPLE LOVE US ON YELP" sticker was proudly displayed and the "YELP SEAL OF APPROVAL" put my mind at ease that this place is worth all the hype. The place is small and serves dim sum like Yum Yum Cha, with no carts squeaking by. It is simply ordering from a paper menu and marking down your selections with a pen. They have a sort of "Dim Sum for Dummies" type menu, which has pictures and descriptions of each of their offerings. Hey even I need this menu, because pictures just help. The waitstaff here was very attentive and helpful. We ordered Oolong Tea (Always get tea! It not a true dim sum experience without some), Shaomai (steamed pork dumplings), Taro Dumpling, Stuffed Eggplant with Shrimp, Steamed Pork Spare Ribs with Black Bean Sauce Rice Noodles, and Chinese Broccoli with Oyster Sauce. The food came out fairly quickly and was piping hot, unlike the cart type dim sum, Dim Sum King prepares their food fresh. So you are not served dim sum that has been sitting on a cart for half an hour. Everything we tried was excellent especially the Stuffed Eggplant with Shrimp, which is not offered at all dim sum places. I still think Fung's is better, sorry Dim Sum King. It might just be a personal preference, because I like the active chaos that Fung's Kitchen atmosphere provides not necessarily the dim sum itself. This place is still a solid choice for those Dim Sum Munchies. So for now you may keep your crown Mr. Dim Sum King. All hail the king!
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2010,10/22/2010,225,440,3,34,26>My tattoo journey started about 8 years ago when I got my first tattoo - a butterfly. Now, I know what you're thinking...how original is that??? Well during that time it was highly significant of the things that were going on in my life, but I also had hopes of someday expanding on that butterfly and eventually completing an entire back piece. This review is about the beginning of that expansion. Sometime end of last year I was out and about with some fellow Yelpers when I noticed our very own Danielle S. sporting some mighty fine and colorful ink. I played 21 questions and she gave me the name of her artist, who soon became my artist also - Kat Adlerz. Being that this is Houston, and there are tattoo shops everywhere I could have just walked into any one of my choice and had my piece done, but that's not what I wanted. I wanted an artist with the ability to interpret my idea with the color and vibrancy that it had in my head. A couple weeks later I stopped into Gaslight Gallery and met Kat myself. After looking through her portfolio I was sold! She had some amazing pieces with outstanding color and line work. After explaining to her what I was looking for and giving her some reference photos, she took my sketch deposit and said she'd be in touch. About a week later I came back in to look at my sketch and was blown away. Not only did she get all the elements I wanted, but she somehow interpreted my words into the vision that was in my head! We immediately started on my back piece and even though it was a long process, it has been completely worth it. It's strange to say, but at each sitting the pain from the needle was somewhat therapeutic. I've been through some things in life and each session gave me time to reflect on the meaning of the tattoo, and the trials and tribulations that had brought me to this point. At the end of our last session this past weekend, it almost felt like all those years of feeling hurt or disappointed by circumstances in my past where gone. The last six months during the process of completing this tattoo were really more than just body art - it marked the end of one era and the beginning of a new one. Now, I cannot credit Kat for my own personal discovery but her artwork marks a time in my life that is truly special and the piece reflects that. I know this is becoming more of a journal entry than a review, but tattoos are a part of who you are. When you can find artists like those at Gaslight you are getting talented people who respect you and your ideas. Over the last six months of visiting the shop about every 3-4 weeks I have seen some amazing work completed. No matter what style of tattoo you want or the complexity of the piece, they have someone that can do it. This is not your run of the mill (i.e. pick a butterfly off the wall) kinda tattoo shop. It's custom work, awesome artists and an art gallery too! I still have one last session for some finishing touches, but I couldn't wait any longer to write my review. So, if you're looking to get some ink, want to touch up some old pieces, or start on a new journey like I did give Gaslight Gallery a try....you won't be disappointed.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2010,10/21/2010,178,1288,3,27,16>First time at a Drive-In and I am a fan! I wasn't sure what to expect as my husband and I had never been to a drive-in before, but we were very pleasantly surprised.  First, it's not that hard to find. The entrance is HUGE and the screens are visible from the road. When you drive up you will see two lines of cars, they are the same.  It doesn't matter which line you are in (we were a little worried we were going to get stuck in the wrong lot).  There are 2 screens; one usually shows more kid friendly current films and the other has more adult ones. The night we went the front screen had Clash of the Titans & Alice in Wonderland. The back screen was showing How to Train Your Dragon & Diary of a Wimpy Kid. The place was packed so get there right when they open to get the best car placement.When you get there, you'll usually have an hour to kill before the movie. The gates were open at 7pm this evening but the movie didn't start until after 8pm. Trust me, there are things to do. There are two sets of swings, tetherball, picnic tables, grassy area to play ball, etc... all below the screen. Kids are running everywhere (so drive slowly). People were basically tailgating everywhere. The place asks you to not bring in outside food and drink, but everyone does. Trust me, they aren't hurting. We stood in line to get some ICEEs for over 30 minutes. The concession stand was booming. So, bring a cooler, some snacks, blankets, chairs, etc... If you have a pick up truck or large SUV, many people park backwards and sit in the back of their vehicles. Just don't sit on top of your vehicle (in the truck bed is fine).  We drove our SUV and sat facing forward. We were wonderfully comfortable inside our own car. If you have a family full of people, I can see why you'd need to be backward or bring chairs. Amenities: The concession stand and bathroom building was large. The bathrooms were clean and the line got ridiculously long. I overheard a lot of people saying this was as busy as they'd ever seen it. The weather really brought a lot of people out this Easter weekend. There are a few options for food (icee, hot dogs, hamburgers, chicken sandwiches, fries, nachos, candy, popcorn,  etc...).  People ordered their hot food and then picked it up at a window. Things moved quickly and efficiently, but the crowds still made for quite a wait to order. There are two concession lines; they are the same so just pick the shorter one. Kids can play some of the arcade games in the building while waiting for parents to get food or stand in the bathroom lines.The movie: They show 2 feature films! There is a 20 minute intermission between them and the lines for the bathroom and food get LONG. The first movie starts at dusk and has the typical 10 minutes of previews. The 2nd movie starts right after the intermission. The sound is as good as your car speakers. Our car is relatively new and the sound was GREAT. I LOVED that I could put my windows up, and no one bothered me. I hate hearing people talk, whisper, children cry, and people make phone calls during movies. My biggest pet peeve has been remedied by a drive-in! The screen was a little dark, but it is projecting from a football field away. Overall, the movie experience was really good.The details:$5 adult, $4 kids, babies are free - you pay once to enter and get both movies!7pm - open (as of April 2010 - seasonal times vary)8pm - movie starts approximately (dusk - seasonal)20 minute intermission between shows2 screens - 2 movies on eachDo:*bring a cooler, food, drinks, snacks*bring something to do while waiting for the show to start*bring chairs, blankets, something to sit on outside your car ** Run your engine during intermission to charge your battery back upDon't:*do not park in the central walkway*do not put your lights on during movie, even if in motion (use parking lights)*leave at intermission or wait until the second movie is over, don't leave during a movie, it distracts everyone else*don't leave your car running during the movie*don't worry, they have jumper cables if your battery diesThis place is AWESOME.  You have to try it. It's a great date night, family outing, place to take your baby where it won't bother other people... you name it and it's great!  I give them a strong 4+ stars. I couldn't give it 5 stars because the screen could be bigger and it's dark; some of the details of the movie get lost in how dark the picture is at times.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2010,10/20/2010,150,374,6,11,11>It's not very often that fantastic food joints open up in this corner of newly sprawling suburban hell. I am just hoping this one will stay alive and the quality of the food keep the high standard it set with me and my son this past weekend. JAX is one of the best burgers I have had in a long time. I put them up there with Christian's Tailgate any time. Big, juicy patty with different variations (I had the BBQ burger and my son had a simple cheeseburger) as well as some great french fry options. We had the garlic fries and the onion rings - BOTH were awesome and I am looking forward to trying the other french fry options here. A really juicy burger full of flavor.The place is clean and bright - the only thing I wasn't too much a fan of was the unoriginal (and kinda cheap) decor. Like they were trying to mate a Prince's with a Smashburger (with a Chipotle mistress on the side). The flow of ordering and getting your drink is constrained by virtue of a poor layout.Otherwise, a ROCK SOLID choice for a fantastic burger on the far north side!
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2010,10/19/2010,287,298,9,15,10>"What's for breakfast?" I asked H"Whatever it is, I'm not cooking so you're out of luck." he replied"Damn." After this brief conversation, I reluctantly got dressed and we headed out the door. After driving around a bit, we found ourselves at Sunrise Taquito. Quirky little place, it adjoins a gas station and visions of little dives I've visited on my many road trips danced through my head. Walking in I was greeted by a heady, delicious aroma. Yep, this is gonna be a good meal was my first thought. And it was. I ordered a egg & cheese taco along with a bean taco. H ordered the migas plate. After a little wait our food was delivered and we dug in. I must admit, I am not a breakfast taco lover. However, the egg & cheese taco was delicious. I know the taco was simple but by far the best I've had. I'm a legume lover and I always order a bean taco when I try a new place. Did it pass the test? Yes it did. Nom, nom, nom I polished off my two tacos and sat back to watch H enjoy his migas. He offered a bite which I gladly took and the migas reminded me of a place in Austin which I deemed as delicious. This place is a bit out of our way for us but worth the drive.
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2009,10/18/2010,40,93,6,8,7>Awwww hell Beaver's what are you trying to do to me? In the last few months I have been on my A game, and have been avoiding this sort of food like the plague. Thursday night I had some time to kill and thought a little splurge won't kill me. Gahhhh I was wrong. Stacey D and I hopped over after a few drinks after she claimed the burgers were legendary. When I walked in the door I had exactly an hour before I had to be at the airport and I was a little nervous about that. I gave the menu a really fast one over, but when I read the description of the burger (made with sirloin, brisket and bacon) I knew it was decided. Stacey ordered the same and also got us a side of their Mac N Cheese. The staff here was so friendly and lightning fast. From the waitress who was speedy, to the guy trying desperately to get the outdoor heater cranking for us, to the guy who brought out our food with the biggest smile on his face. That burger was EPIC. That is all I can remember saying after I was in total food coma. The meat was so tender and juicy and the flavor was like nothing I have ever had. I was in complete carnivore heaven. The macs was delicious as well. Even though it was a little soupy, the cheddar and parmesan gratin with crunchy bread crumbs on top was amazing. I wanted to dip my burger in the mac sauce, but I tried to maintain a little class.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2010,10/17/2010,117,256,6,7,8>I've actually had class in here. Class and met up with one of my academic idols to drink martinis. Oh man. The academics love it for one very important reason- no television. Yup, it's hard to find an establishment that kindly refrains from making you watch TV, and this is it. It's also got a cute retro-pinup thing going on inside, although not as much so as I was expecting.No TV does not mean no noise, as the conversations can get quite loud in here. Add to that the row of pinball machines (fun!) and it's not a place to go be intimate. Although the quarters are a bit cramped inside, the back patio area is expansive. I imagine on a cold weekend night though, this place can be like a Tokyo subway car. (That is to say, breathing room optional.)They make a decent martini and serve some good beers- no complaints there. It's just a bit too crowded Th-Sat for me to enjoy myself, as I'm more of a 'talking without raising my voice' kinda girl. I'd have loved this place ten years ago though.... boy am I uptight. As far as this place being hipster hell- maybe it's the fact that we moved from Chicago and saw us some serious hipster bees-nests, but I don't think anywhere in Houston gets that insufferable. A few scruffy beards, skinny jeans, and Chuck Taylors I can handle.
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2009,10/16/2010,2,225,1,14,12>This is one of those occasions that I'm so glad I read Yelp before going. I tend to find almost all restaurant food to be over salted. Salt is a simple, easy, _cheap_ way of combating the notoriously blunt palate of the typical American diner. I don't cook with a lot of salt at home, and I tend not to season my food at the table, preferring to use other spices and seasonings to bring the food to life. So I tend to be over-sensitive to this restaurant tactic. The reason I bring this up, is that two reviews here cautioned that the fish tagine was over-salty. Fish tagine is a dish I'd be very likely to order in this kind of environment. But thus fore-warned, I was able to steer clear. And I can tell you, it must just be a problem with the fish, because everything we ate tonight was not over salty in the least. I've mentioned my scallop problem recently, and so it goes without saying that I started with the seared diver scallops in saffron sauce. Wonderful. Our appetizers were served with a suite of small spreads and some bread - eggplant, cucumber, a spicy red one, a sweet red one, and a plate of olives. (I was having a lot of trouble hearing the dishes as the belly dancing was going on at this time.) All delicious, although as I have said, olives are all too salty, everywhere you go these days. I think demand is outstripping the capacity to make them slowly and so everyone is using too much salt to cure them quicker. Or not soaking the salt back out long enough, or something. Anyway, again, hardly something you can blame a restaurant for. For main course I had the couscous malaki which featured braised lamb and a variety of sausage that was narrow, very red, and very spicy. Along with a huge mound of couscous (the tiny, crushed kind) and the meats, the plate featured sweet potato, turnip, carrot, a wedge of some kind of squash or gourd, cabbage, and another item I could not identify. Everything was deeply flavorful, simply prepared, and easy to eat. The lamb was a bit fatty, but hey, it's lamb. That happens, you know? There aren't huge swaths of lean steak cuts on a lamb. Liz's vegetable tagine was, unfortunately, sweeter than she expected and so wasn't quite what she had in mind. Thankfully the spinach pie she had to start with vanished almost instantly and so helping me devour the bread and side dishes meant she certainly didn't go home hungry. She knows next time to try to vegetarian couscous dish. The obligatory green tea with mint and sugar followed it all up and far be it from me to ever say a bad thing about tea, right? The belly dancing performance lasted less than half an hour and about half of it was quite informal, with the dancer encouraging women and girls to join her for a couple of songs. I'm certainly no expert, so I won't attempt to critique her skills. She is, of course, very pretty (although if you like size 0 women, you'll disagree) and did pull off a routine I have not seen before with a tray of lit candles on her head. On the one hand, having this be rather short was nice, because the loud music made conversation impossible, but on the other hand, they make such a big deal out of advertising the performances, that it is a bit shocking how short they are. I've been to places with one performance that starts at 9 and lasts well over an hour. Maybe the late show at Saffron is longer, I'm not sure. Signature cocktails are tasty and served in unique vessels, but are rather steeply priced. Ours were $10 and $11 which is typical in Chicago, but on the high side here in Houston. They have semi-private rooms with the floor cushions and were also serving a large group with tables all crammed together. In spite of this, service was attentive and friendly. I think we may wait for warmer weather, not worry about catching the dancing show, and try to sit out on the patio, next time we go. This kind of food needs a tiled fountain and warm breezes.
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,10/15/2010,152,164,14,14,13>B-I-N-G-O spells good cheap fun when it's a Thursday night at the SPJST Lodge 88 in the Heights.To echo what other reviewers have stated, this is not just for nana and papa. It seems that 2/3 of the crowd are 20 and 30-somethings. Winnings go up to $500 for the final coverall round. Everyone gets to play 12 games for $5 but you can increase your odds for the $500 prize round by buying extra bingo sheets for $1 each. Just look for the nice folks walking around during the first few games. Oh, and you get to keep your marker! W00t! I may just customize mine for good luck (anyone got a bedazzler?). The food was alright, I had a cheeseburger and shared nachos with friends. The burger bun was toasted yet cold to the touch...but I wasn't there for the food. Next time, I'll eat beforehand but still get the $6 pitcher of Shiner to share with my pals. Awesome deal in my book. I love how everyone gets excited when they call "O-69," including the senior citizens. I heard a unison of "WOOOOOO" accompanied by cowbells and air horns. Seriously, who started that? Hilarious.
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2010,10/14/2010,305,161,17,17,17>Lord Stanley has his, the America's have theirs, but where my friend is your cup?  Is it the familiar faded plastic logo cup of a day gone by that sits bedside or in the cup holder in your ride?  Perhaps it's the lipstick and coffee stained treasure that can be found on your desk or by the sink.  Maybe you prefer the austere simplicity of a glass vessel impeccably cleaned and replaced daily w/ the OCD precision of a young Howard Hughes.  Whatever manner your favorite drinking implement manifests itself, it is insufficient and unworthy compared to the stunningly regal and substantial chalice that awaits you at Alice's Tall Texan.Noble in its stance and imposing in its heft, it is a standard by which other beer containers are judged.  And the verdict is in: epic fail.  You cannot handle the Schooner!!!  And you may not be worthy, but Alice will look kindly on you and your $1.50.  And she will fill your personally selected ice cold schooner, foggy with its evidence of chill, with equally cold Lone Star.  And you will be grateful.  Alice's is a neighborhood institution, and is populated with the unique mix that calls this neck of the world home.  Laborers and roughnecks drink side by side with slack jawed hipsters and the coat n' tie set.  Granted there are nights when Spanish might be the language most commonly heard on the jukebox and in conversation, but like on the range - seldom is heard a discouraging word.  Compared to many dives, Alice's is cleaner, brighter and more friendly.  And after a couple of her ice cold and dirt cheap schooners, and I be surprised if you didn't leave there just a little bit more of the latter two yourself.    BTW - be sure to look under the bar, where the most kick ass piece of carpeted signage in the Heights resides.
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,10/13/2010,556,161,11,18,14>When you come to Paciugo, leave your inhibitions at the door and prepare yourself for a BEAUTIFUL gelato experience... I have had gelato all around Houston: Whole Foods, Gelato Blu, Piccomolo, Trentino, etc... and Paciugo is by far the best out of anything I've ever had. It was like they knew I was coming and were equipped with a million sample spoons so I could try every flavor. The most memorable ones for me were the Rose Chocolate Chip and S'Mores. They were terribly delicious. I apologized after my 10th flavor sample and the associate helping me said, "No worries, I know that the more flavors I let you try, the more likely you will come back again." These are words of good customer service.My boyfriend had the medium size with Strawberry Sorbet, Lemon Sorbet, Turtle Cheesecake Gelato, and Amaretto Chocolate Chip. He says it was the perfect combination of sweet and creamy with cold and tangy. He was half finished eating his by the time we paid.I ordered a gelato sundae... I will never have a normal sundae ever again. My flavors were Chocolate Hazelnut, Chocolate Black Cherry Swirl, and Pecan Praline. My 3 decadent gelatos were served in a cup with dark chocolate sauce swirled inside and topped with whipped cream and almonds. Once I started devouring my sundae, I discovered these AMAZING candied black cherries and crunchy mini-meringhe bites in the bottom. Don't even ask what they are, just fall in love with them.One word of warning though... once you have experienced Paciugo, you will want to go back again and again. It's only been 3 hours, and I wish I could have another bite of that unbelievable, delicious gelato.
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2010,10/12/2010,63,52,7,16,10>Ca-ching! I have hit the jackpot!  That's exactly how I felt when I stumbled across Mango Beach a few months ago. Since then, I feel like it's my little secret. Why? I hardly hear people mention this place, only places such as Mam's (which is just as awesome).Located across from Stude Park and sitting between an old corner store and apartments, Mango Beach is a little brightly colored stand/house that serves cheap snow cones and other cool drinks. Although there's iced coffee drinks ($3-$5), ice cream, frescas, and more,  I come here exclusively for the snow cones.When you walk up to the window, you'll be amazed at the many flavors they have to choose from. There's mango, blackberry, strawberry, passionfruit... really everything from the familiar, exotic, and the unusual. Snow cones are served in a styrofoam cup and most days, it's filled completely past the top... way past.  They don't skimp on the syrup and will gladly mix flavors at no additional charge (at least from my experiences). If you decide to order a cone, the small is more than enough and is around $1 (it's what I always order). If you have a big appetite and can handle something bigger, by all means do it, but just know you have been forewarned. You won't want to get in your car after receiving you cone, so eat what's running over on the picnic tables and benches to the left of the window. It's usually packed because it's a small area (2 tables).My favorite snow cone? The mango/passionfruit snow cone hands down. It tastes like a tropical mixed drink without the consequences of a hangover. Yum-O as my girl, Rachel Ray would say.Don't take my or Heidi H.'s word for it, you have to try it for yourself. When you do, the first visit will not be your last.
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2010,10/11/2010,119,124,10,16,17>Now imagine you're in Madrid on a cool summer night around 9 pm at a restaurant (located in a back alley off a main street) in the porch area where you're enjoying the cool breeze, sipping on your tasty Sangria drink, having a deep conversation with your friends in Spanish and enjoying tapas.Ok Vinoteca Poscol is like that minus Madrid, cool summer night, small restaurant (located in a back alley off a main street), cool summer breeze and conversations in Spanish. What it doesn't lack is the great tasting tapas! I mean who doesn't like different dishes to eat during dinner? The atmosphere is very intimate so if you're trying to get to second base this would be a good lead off of first base. I've seen large groups and they're very accommodating too!  Here are some of the tapas I recommend:Beets with cheese - The beets are baked with cheese and the combination of the sweet beets and cheese is like a party in your mouth. It comes out piping hot so be careful!Bruised Calamari with marinara sauce: This is my favorite thing to get because of the marinara sauce I mean I literally lick the plate clean with bread of course after I devour the calamari.Pork Chop with Polenta: The pork chop is cooked to perfection and the sweet sauce is a great combination. Hidden in the polenta mound is mozzarella cheese. Yup I said CHEESE!!! (It was on special)The service here is excellent and the wait staff is very informative. This place is turning out to be my favorite tapas place in Houston. So if you need someone to try this place out, just let me know when and I'm there with you! =)
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2009,10/10/2010,466,956,11,10,11>Do you know the kind of Pizzerias where the pizza sucks, but the people behind the counter swear they are Italian? Yet, you know that's just a fake accent!! Well... this is not that kind of pizzeria. How do I know?! Well to start, the pizza is Great!! Secondly, about 75% of the people in the pizzeria (customers) were Italian. Now, Italians know Italians so I reason they are there for good Italian food. Third, the guy at the register had that friendly Italian demeanor I love (he was super funny!) and finally, they were watching the Yankee game.. definitely Italian. The pizzeria reminds of a pizzeria in NY, because the menu is more extensive than a restaurant's! They have lasagna, seafood, calzones, pasta.. I mean.. A lot of stuff!! I really liked my pizza and garlic bread, I can't wait to taste their lasagna! They do have outdoor seating, so it would be a nice place to visit on a "Winter" evening. I plan to make my way to this pizzeria again... SOON!!
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,10/9/2010,160,218,8,12,11>After the strip club review, this seemed like a good one to follow up with.Ive gotten this pizza twice now and its never failed. The first time a friend brought it over for a sports game so I waited until I had actually visited the place. Located on a desolate corner of Almeda this seems like another hidden gem that unless you know about it, you could drive by it a million times and never want to go in. We were watching the Longhorns give a game away to Kansas State so we decided to order two pizzas and they told us they would be ready in 15 minutes. When we rolled up there, they were just coming out of the oven. The staff seemed really nice and friendly. They have a cool little patio outside that has a bocce ball court. Dont have a bocce ball set? No problem, they even have a bocce ball set that they can let you borrow. They also sell gellato that looked really good too, but I have yet to try it.I recommend the Mexicana pizza that comes with fajita meat (chicken or beef), cut tomatos, onions, green peppers... you know... anything that comes with fajitas. The pizza never seems too greasy and doesnt ever make me feel horrible after eating it. Recommend this pizza over any of the nation chains. Try it. You will not regret it!
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2010,10/8/2010,99,168,6,10,10>"Be our guest, be our guest, put our service to the test...." Remember that awesome scene from Beauty and the Beast, where all the inanimate objects show off their hospitality skills to sweet lil Belle? That's exactly what dining at Brenna's feels like. This is a perfect celebratory restaurant - as they take care of everything starting with  setting the mood.... Come to Brennan's expecting the highest class in service, without feeling like you have to point your nose in the air (you are getting a taste of NOLA after all). I was welcomed to the restaurant for SUNDAY BRUNCH by the nicest staff of valet drivers EVER and was seated immediately due to our reservation. The meal kicked off with complimentary, "fresh from the oven" muffins and biscuits (I preferred the fluffy biscuit). I enjoyed my light bites as I perused the "how do you choose - it all looks so good" menu. When I dine for celebratory purpose, I don't mind splurging a little. You definitely get the best bang for your buck splurging at Brennan's for brunch. You can't walk out of here for less than $50 per person but you WILL walk out with a FULL and satisfied belly. Their brunch menu is typically 3 courses of your choice: starter, entree and dessert (including tableside banana's foster!) averaging at $35 a meal (plus tax, tip, and a libation if you like to party at brunch like me). Don't be cynical, my fair yelper - each course is of the up-most quality AND quantity - TRUST. The starters ranged from soups, salads and other NOLA inspired apps. Seeing as though I have commitment issues when it comes to food, I highly recommend the "1-1-1" which is a sampling of every soup on their menu including their famous Turtle Soup. My brother has claimed to almost drive to NOLA for this soup alone before Brennan's reopened post fire. The turtle soup was delicious and surprisingly reminiscent of a great fire roasted tortilla soup, however I prefered the creamy corn and crab soup. Gumbo was featured as the third soup, which was also fabulous (even though I'm not generally a gumbo gal). Overall, the trio of soup (served in 3 miniature tea cups) was excellent without being overwhelming. Good luck picking an entree - as they ALL read AMAZING. I finally selected the craw-fish cakes with poached eggs as this seemed the most unique. The dish was served on a bed of chopped sausage and roasted sliced peppers with two cakes (think crab cakes made of craw-fish instead) topped with the most perfectly poached eggs. I wish I took video of me cutting into the poached eggs and watching the yolk dance (yes dance) so elegantly over the cakes. Meanwhile the craw-fish cakes were crispy on the outside and moist, meaty and savory on the inside - a pleasure (although I could only eat half). I also tasted my mom's shrimp and grits which were awesome and my brother's gulf coast fish encrusted with pecans - perfection. I wanted to try the blue crab scramble with caviar and their egg's benedict dishes that kept appearing at neighboring tables-excellent. I can't believe I have not even started on the service - what really takes Brennan's to 5 stars - they treat you like royalty. Prime example: when our 5 entrees came out, 5 waiters brought each plate out to us simultaneously. Meanwhile, a NOLA style quartet complete with horns would walk around the dining room playing jazz for the guests - did I wake up in the French Quarter? There are a number of STUNNING dining rooms to be seated in, each unique with its own decor and design. My table happened to be in the front room to the left donning hard woods, brick walls, dramatic curtains hung around HUGE windows and the most comfortable / plush and gorgeous chairs. I would sleep in this room if I could - BEAUTIFUL. I hope everyone reading this has a chance to be Brennan's guest for brunch - a delightful experience. Don't run out to the valet (yes it's mandatory - but what's another $5 when you are swanking it up already) before picking up a few pralines by the door "for someone else". You will get that joke when you read the napkin you fold your pralines in..... ....so make your reservation and go already! You can always find an excuse to celebrate - like reading my 100th review!
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2010,10/7/2010,269,274,7,15,12>Please do not get this place mixed up with Block7, this is the other restaurant group that likes the #7. Anybody that lives or works downtown might be familiar with a couple of their other concepts District 7, Table 7 Bistro, and now Table Seven Restaurant. It is located on Durham where Rare once was. Unfortunately it has closed, I think the location is easy to miss, but it's next door to Kicks indoor soccer facility. The first thing you will notice when you walk in is how red the restaurant is. They did a great job with the decor. After you've been sitting for a bit you will forget you're blocks from Washington and next door to an indoor soccer facility. The main dining room is to the left and elevated, towards the back of the dining room they went up another level and I thought this brought a whole new aspect to the restaurant.  The bar is to the right with some lounge seating and cocktail tables. The wife was really excited when she saw the menu, she is a big fan of the turkey lasagna at District 7 and when she saw it on the menu she was excited. Unfortunately it was the 4th night they were open and they had decided to take it off the menu. The wife was very sad but did bring it up to the manager, he made a few phone calls and promised next time we are in they would have it. They brought out to the table a Feta, mayonnaise, basil, parsley spread with some flat bread which was delicious. The wife decided to go with the BBQ Duck Pizza. She liked the BBQ sauce and duck on the flat bread. I went with the Mahi Mahi burger. It came on a toasted sour dough bun, a cabbage slaw and a red pepper sauce. I thought it was pretty good. I thought the food and service was A-OK but when the manager took our feedback about the lasagna and told us to please comeback because it will be back on the menu, I thought that was incredible. I also gave it a fourth star because of the price point. While I appreciate the Block7's, Branch Water's, I was happy to have a family restaurant at a reasonable price pop up in my neighborhood.
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2010,10/6/2010,40,160,9,10,10>Genuine food served with genuine smiles that you genuinely enjoy.  Sense a trend?  Calliope's Po-Boys makes me feel like I am right in the heart of the 9th Ward (the desolated buildings of old Chinatown add to that feeling).  However the smiles of everyone in the building are so infectious that you really just relax and enjoy the surreal transportation to NOLA.Roast Beef Po-Boy on a crusty French baguette, with brown gravy and lettuce and tomatoes.  Live if up if you wish and get the roast beef and fried shirimp po-boy.  Finger licking good.  Onion Rings and French Fries are standard fare, alas.Other specialities include platters of fried fish, bowls of gumbo, fried chicken.I have not worked my way through the entire menu.  Yet.  Rest assured, I will.Interestingly, on the back of the menu, they tell you that you can pronounce the name CAL-ee-ope, like a New Orleanean, or cal-LIE-oh-pee, like anyone else.  What they don't tell you is that the word CALLIPYGIOUS is derived from the Goddess Caliope, who was famed for her beautiful ass; thus Callipygious means someone possessed of beautifully shaped buttocks.  I can promise that if I eat here all the time, I will no longer be callipygious.....This may be my new "go to" spot when I have an itch that I don't know how to scratch.
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2010,10/5/2010,20,69,8,7,10>Hubby and I awoke this morning absolutely famished in the worst way and needing to get our grub on real bad, but the problem with that was we had no idea where to go or what we wanted to satisfy our hunger.We hop in the car (we live in the Heights) and start driving around.Hubby says to me: "let's go to that place on 11th St".Me: " Uh, what place on 11th St"?Hubby:  "you know that place?"Me: "oh, you mean Chilosos?"Hubby: "yea, that place".Me: "ok, but it's not on 11th St it's on 20th".Don't ask me how I got from 11th St to 20th St and I knew he was talking about Chilosos but I did.Anyway we make our way there and the place is packed.  There was a lot of good eating going on and I couldn't way to get in on the action.I ordered 2 breakfast tacos, with potatoes, eggs and bacon and hubby had 2 chicken tacos.  I know what we ordered sounds a tad bit boring but we just wanted to eat.We sat down at a table and as we waited for our order, Chilosos was getting it's groove on with some Lady Gaga's "Bad Romance" as plates of food passed by teasing me and daring me to reach out and grab something.  "Where's the food" my mind screams in anticipation!I have to say the flour tortillas are so light, fluffy and tasty that I just want to rub them all over me!  Yes, the flour tortillas are just that good.  When you place your order you see the lady making them so you know they are fresh, hot and oh so freaking good!  There was a lot of bacon in my tacos and the bacon was very good.  Most places give you a few pieces of fat bacon but this was all meaty, crispy and good.  The eggs and potatoes were just as yummy.  With some added red sauce I was good to go.  The tacos were stuffed and after one my hunger was gone but I just couldn't resist eating the other one and almost finished it off but had to pass it off to hubby.Hubby's chicken tacos were the best I have tasted in a long time.  The chicken was all white meat, shredded and was cooked like a stew with bell peppers, tomatoes and onions.  He added the green sauce to his but only sparingly, because it was just a tad bit on the hot side.The food is fresh and hot and they bring it right out to you.I like the vibe and the decor of Chilosos and can't wait to go back to try other items on the menu. Mission accomplished, hunger eliminated! AH!
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2010,10/4/2010,138,127,2,10,8>I had the pleasure of getting the Dharma facial with Lindsay the first time during the Yelp Spa Week when she worked over at Dot Dot Salon. The service was great but full price was a bit cost-prohibitive for me. Fast forward a few months and Lindsay opened her own salon, Dharma Skin Spa, with the same great service and lower prices!She uses all organic ingredients in her facials and her signature, The Dharma is an hour and a half of full-on cleaning and bliss! Besides the cleansing, exfoliating, getting rid of unsightly blackheads and the like, you also get extremely pampered, including a back/shoulder, neck/head, hands and foot massage.I left glowing, skin hydrated beyond belief and will definitely be back soon!A few days later, she emailed me the products we used, including all the ingredient listings, so I know whats going in my skin. She's kept in touch with me and offered if I have a deep zit that I can't remove myself, to come on over and let her take care of it for me (for free.) Now that is service! She's like your best friend who's looking out for your skin...Get yourself to Lindsay and let her pamper you too!UPDATE: Since she moved to her new salon, Lindsay's been advertising specials and her NEW REFER A FRIEND PROGRAM...For every customer you refer, you'll get 25% discount on your next service OR you can save up and get a free facial after 4 referrals, This is a great way to keep your skin beautiful and save money too-- don't forget to tell her Gina M. sent you!
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,10/3/2010,284,488,5,6,7>Oiishi is one of my favorite spots to go for Happy Hour or really good and cheap sushi.  Been coming here for a very long time.  Once entering into this restaurant, its very cozy and small. Granted, its parking lot is small (you have to get their early to get parking).  I've never gotten sick or disappointed here.  I've tried almost everything here and let's just say everything is delish.  Oh yeah, their lunch special is good here but just make sure you don't order chicken teriyaki (a friend had order this and it was not good at all...) at a sushi restaurant.  YOU need to order sushi at a sushi restaurant. Hehe...
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,10/2/2010,115,362,8,13,7>Shabby strip center establishments carry a lot of cachet when it comes to Vietnamese restaurants, usually because the mom and pop proprietors are running the places themselves, which in turn is the hallmark of authenticity. Pho 45 however is housed in a newish center on 249, and the interior is clean and brightly lit, but you can still see the family ties as the proprietors bustle about the busy dining room. And busy it is during the lunch hour, because regardless of how new it is, Pho 45 has quite a following. My first time there, patrons came streaming steadily in, 95% of whom were Vietnamese, which was an immediate vote of confidence.As the name suggests, there are more than a dozen Pho options, from the straightforward, most of which employ eye round steak (Pho Tai), to the complex combinations (Dac Biet) of flank, brisket, tripe, and tendon. I should know my Pho portions by now, but nevertheless since the small was only $5.49, I thought I could afford a Banh Mi sandwich to go along with it for only $2.75. My wallet had room, but my stomach did not. Almost. I chose a fairly simple soup of eye round steak and fatty brisket (Pho Tai, Gau), but simple it was not. I could smell the seasonings as the un-small bowl was brought to my table full of dark, rich, complex broth. The vermicelli was soft and the fresh cilantro and basil were aromatic, but the steak and brisket were out of this world. I venture to use an adjective much loved, though overused, by Anthony Bourdain - the flavors were ephemeral. If I thought too hard about what I was tasting, the fleeting harmony of seasonings were gone. It was like trying to eff the ineffable. About halfway through my soup, I was brought a perfectly golden brown baguette, soft on the inside, stuffed with fresh cucumber, carrot, cilantro, and jalapeño, along with some exquisite BBQ pork (Banh Mi Thit Nuong). I was no less impressed with the chargrilled pork with a tangy glaze, and battled an internal desire to return to the soup. With all of the above for around $9, I waddled out smiling contentedly.But Pho is not the only thing on offer at Pho 45: they also have a number of rice (Com) and vermicelli (Bun) options, special dishes, and quite an array of drinks, including Vietnamese iced coffee, tea, lemonade, and milk. I often go for the chargrilled pork rice dish, but I was sold on one that also had shredded roast pork and pork skin with a fried egg on top (Com Bi Thit Nuong Trung). I'm sure you could get a fried egg on any of the dishes, or the sandwiches, if you asked them, but I just stuck to the menu. The BBQ pork was just as delicious as it had been on the sandwich, the roast pork was savory and tender, though I didn't go for too much of the fatty pork skin. I thought it would perhaps have been fried and crisp, but it was soft and I used a few pieces to add a rich, fatty flavor to the other pork. As the egg yolk broke and oozed into the rice and pork, this was an exceptional lunch for only $7 and change.I know there are a lot of places I still need to try, but this is my first 5-star Vietnamese review. The elegant interior and attentive staff added that elusive element. From now on when I start to get hungry around mid day, I'll just look at my watch and see that it's about Pho 45.
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,10/1/2010,273,77,7,10,11>I thought I fell in love here last Halloween...well not exactly, guess it was not meant to be - rap music producers have WEIRD time schedules I can attest to that.  Oh rebounds...necessary evils.;)HOWEVER I did fall in love with the chicken soup and fried cheese here!One's A Meal is open late and is a nice option to add to the list - La Tapatia, House of Pies, Katz's, Tomo's, etc.  I love the German waitresses here and the checkered white and blue tables.  The clientèle is colorful and the food is pretty good.  It's not Niko Niko's (if you're looking for Greek food) but at least it's OPEN!  During the wintertime I get the chicken soup to go on practically a weekly basis.  It keeps me healthy and strong and the lemon wedge it comes with is a way to get some extra vitamin C in!
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/5/2009,9/30/2010,20,31,9,11,12>"Off with his head!" At least if the Queen of Hearts decided to decapitate you, your head would gracefully land on that wonderful platter you made with the aesthetically pleasing hues and words "I Love You, Bubbie." Lets just hope that the employees at The Mad Potter don't inject mercury into the paints or we might all end up Mad Hatters. Talk about a place where you don't need any artistic genes to even create something your own. It's like picking out your own child; you nurture it, invest time into it, and add to your chances of arthritis...then employees place it in a fire kiln to subdue your craving for pyro. The employees at The Mad Potter are very nice and accommodating. They don't come by too often that you notice or not much to where you wonder who is working; they give you time to converse with whoever you might be painting with. They are always bringing in new clay sculptures so that you always have that itch in the back of your head asking what new pencil holder or piggy bank you can paint for your suga' momma. My reason for dropping stars for The Mad Potter materializes over the fact that it is just too damn pricey! I'm a college student and dropping $6 for each person to paint and then wanting to paint something significant is at least $10-15 each. If you go to their website, though, they have a calendar with specials for painting (such as 2 for 1 or Date Night). I do know that if you paint and come back to pick your piece up within a month, I think, then you get free paint for that day. Nonetheless, I always seem to walk out of there with a $40 tab for two people; they should have some more significant clay pieces for a cheaper price other than some 2"x2" Faux Sand Dollars. I love the idea of the Turkeys and Pumpkins you can have customized with your family name placed on it (for the Pumpkin your family name is the teeth) but, once again, those are pretty expensive although I understand why.It truly is a great time but having to paint three layers gets repetitious (which isn't something they can help at The Mad Potter) and some people really go all out with a professionalism outlook on it. So, go out to West Gray, pick out your paintbrushes and pigments, invoke your inner Salvador Dali (yes, twirl up the sides of your mustache - you know you want to), and waft in that intoxicating smell of paint as your brush moves in rhythm to whichever pop song they have pulsating over the loud speaker. Where else will you be able to paint a penguin purple & gold in honor of LSU? Not many places.
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2010,9/29/2010,124,160,14,28,16>All right Edgar, this one's for you.Speedy's Fast Track is an off brand version of Mountasia.  They cut corners at every available opportunity, but do so with flair.  The walls inside the arcade are covered in strange carpet and show signs of a lot of wear and tear.  They recently added indoor batting cages and some extra skeeball tracks, but that is about it on improvements over the last couple of years. You'd think this would be a 2 or 3 star review but in fact, NOT.  I love the hell out of this place.They have ample parking.  The arcade is loaded with all sorts of games mostly old school, Pac-Man (2) Mrs Pac Man, Millipede, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Teken, Whack-a-Mole, SkeeBall, Air Hockey, Pool, and much, much more.  They have a pretty exhilarating fast track go cart track and you can choose a yellow "super cart" or a blue "go cart".  Both are the same size, but the yellow has a bigger engine.  And you can totally fly around the blue cars.  You can manage to lap them once or twice depending on the driver.  The mini golf is pretty okay.  It's not as good as the mini golf in Galveston, but it's a lot closer and a lot cheaper than most.The staff is nice and helpful.  They are mostly dudes who appear maybe to have been felons at some point.  But they are working hard and have always been great to us.When we went yesterday it had rained most of the day and we had the urge to mini golf.  Stupid me didn't even think about standing water.  When we bought our round of golf the desk guy said, "there's going to be some water out there".  Boy, he wasn't kidding.  We ended up back inside and asked if we could trade in our $20 for golf in for more super cart rides.  He not only traded, but I think he threw in a free ride for us.   We spent about $40 on 3 hours of fast cars and arcade fun for 4 people.  That, my friends, is a good value.
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2010,9/28/2010,386,171,31,29,31>If you read nothing more of this review, then at least understand that Feast's reputation for exclusively serving "OMG EW!" cuts of meat is wholly unfounded. Anyone experiencing reservations about this needs to know right off the bat that they ALSO offer "traditional" fare as well. "Nose to Tail," after all, DOES include the bits and pieces with which we're more familiar. So if you're not more adventurous than a chicken breast or slice of grilled fish, you can still find an appealing dish or 2. Even though the menu changes every day, they always have SOMETHING for the picky. That being said, Feast has piqued my interest for a very long time. I fully support "Nose to Tail" dining, both for its commitment to reducing the amount of wasted meat and to showcase the gustatory potential of the unfamiliar. Secondly because the restaurant patronizes "local" farmers (as local as you can get to Inner Loop Houston, anyways!) for its daily ingredients - and gives them credit on their menus so patrons know EXACTLY where their food originated! Not only are they selected for quality, but their cruelty-free practices as well. All causes I absolutely do my best to support whenever financially feasible. So my friends and I headed out to Feast for their incredible Houston Restaurant Week ($35 for a 3-course dinner, $5 of it towards the AMAZING Houston Food Bank) deals to express our love for what they've been doing. We can't always afford it, being either students or new members of the work force, but we all decided to go back for special occasions! It was definitely worth it. Partly for the service and partly for the wonderfully fresh, local, cruelty-free food. From the men who took and confirmed the reservation through the server and the manager, everyone was just fantastic. Very professional, very polite, very understanding when our reservation suddenly sliced from 9 people to 5 in a matter of minutes. "These things happen all the time! No worries!" they said. Nor did they mind that 2 of my friends only wanted coffee and dessert instead of the HRW menu. *Whew!*There's also free valet, so please tip them nicely! In any case, I made it through their Restaurant Week Menu with no stomach space to spare. The blissful food coma what followed could only be described as akin to a hibernating bear...only much, much moreso. READY? FIGHT!ROUND 1. MEREDITH VS. CHEESE-CRUSTED PIG'S EAR CAKE. Probably the most interesting - and favorite - part of the meal. The pig's ear reminded me something of Canadian bacon in terms of taste and texture, which meant I fully approved. But the real highlight was the accompanying apple-mint chutney. A perfect complement to the pork and cheese. ROUND 2. MEREDITH VS. BRAISED LAMB SHANK. Fall-off-the-bone tender and accompanied by sauteed kale, anchovies, roasted potatoes, and shallots. Such a juicy, tender cut of meat - and the little fish lent a very subtle, very creative saltiness that worked for me! ROUND 3. MEREDITH VS. MOLTEN CHOCOLATE CAKE. Seems like they used dark chocolate for it, so it wasn't cloyingly sweet. Thank [Insert Deity of Choice Here] for that! But it was so hot and so heavy...and...and...a friend had to finish the last few bites...K.O.!FEAST WINS. GAME OVER. [Insert Coins. Say no to drugs! Insert Coins. Say no to drugs!]Also sampled the following from my friends' plates, because sharing is caring: Scallops St. Jacques, Pork Pate with Applesauce, Cock-a-Leekie*, Crispy Roasted Pork Belly, Sticky Toffee Pudding, Spotted Dick and St. Clements Sorbet. You can't go wrong with ANY of these choices. In this heat, though, the sorbet makes for an incredibly refreshing palate cleanser. *"Selective" eaters out there will adore how this chicken and vegetable dish melts in your mouth! It's on the menu almost every day, I believe, so there's always at least one option for you.Also, fellow Yelper Agustin S. sat 2 tables over from us. That was like a bonus round full of nothing but coins (or rings if you swing that way).Continue? 3...2...1...GAH! Anyone got a spare quarter?!?!?
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2010,9/27/2010,393,766,4,13,9>BRC has become our Sunday night ritual. I'm shocked at some of the very negative reviews regarding the quality of food.  I'm not incredibly shocked at all the comments regarding less than stellar service. Let's start with the bad, shall we?The service is spotty.  At best. It isn't that large of a place, so even if it is full to the brim (which it usually is), it is surprisingly how few times you may see your server.  That's about all the negative I can think of, except maybe their dishes are a smidgen overpriced--but obviously not bad enough for me to stop coming!  Oh, wait.  They don't take reservations for groups smaller than six.  That's a bit annoying since they're almost always full.  That's a legitimate complaint.I've had quite a few of the dishes during my visits and it is hard for me to choose what my favorites are.  For sure, you *must* try the blue crab beignets.  Seriously delicious. They're perfectly fried and piping hot out of the oven.  Top it off with some of their delicious horseradish sauce and it is just heaven in your mouth.  You only get three for $8.50, so be prepared to fight for each morsel.  So worth it.The Dr. Pepper quail lives up to the hype.  It is perfectly glazed without being overly sweet and the meat is wonderfully tender and juicy. The potato salad that it comes with is just so-so.As far as entrees go, I really have enjoyed the burger and the chicken fried steak sandwich.  The skirt steak and fries is surprisingly good for a cheaper cut of meat and is cooked perfectly with a great wine sauce that isn't overwhelmingly "wine-y".  They have daily specials, including a special mac'n'cheese of the day.  I've had three different kinds and have loved them all.  Yesterday's was the blue cheese and bacon, but it was a nice, subtle blue-ness throughout. They're famous for the Sunday chicken dinner which can be done in multiples of two and comes with a side of cole slaw and beans.  Cole slaw was mediocre and I didn't try the beans, but the chicken--oh, the chicken.  It is served cold (picnic style) and though we ordered for two, there was still plenty left over at the end. I took home a large leg and breast and he took him two pieces of breast. They also came with an enormous salad for each person that did not disappoint.Also worth mentioning is that their beer selection is great.  They only do microbrews and do a great job of finding some of those lesser known brands.  (Current favorite: Twisted Pine.)  I haven't been to their brunch yet, but their menu makes me drool.With a free parking lot and valet, great food options, real beer, and a nice departure from some of the other generic food options in the area, I am more than satisfied each time I go to BRC. Come out on a Sunday and you'll more than likely find me in the corner hording the beignets and downing a frosty cold beer.
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2010,9/26/2010,90,255,6,9,6>If I were a mussel, destined to die a hot, steamy death, I would want to perish by the hands of Catherine Duwez.  That lady knows how to cook a mussel.Having moved over from Cafe Montrose after that restaurant's unfortunate demise, Ms. Duwez hit a home run with both the kitschy, home-grown decor and fantastic food at Broken Spoke.There are so many styles of mussels it's almost impossible to choose, but here are my recommendations in order of preference (all of them being whiz-bang amazing): curry (by far the best for me - creamy, complex sauce that was more smooth than spicy), l'escargot (whoa - crispy garlic and fragrant herbs...need I say more?), marinere (the restaurant's most popular preparation - largest mussels of the bunch and were really good, but I liked the others a bit better).Frites?  Finished the entire bowl.  Rabbit special?  Melt-in-your-mouth wow factor.  Only thing that didn't hit the mark?  Seemingly store-bought bread.  Desserts were traditional and satisfying: crepe suzette was very intensely orange but paired nicely with the ice cream, though coupe negrita ended up being the best choice: Belgian chocolate sauce, ice cream, and perfectly-cooked crepe.  Delicious.
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2010,9/25/2010,90,126,4,5,6>This is one of my favorite places to wait out rush hour if I leave work around 5.  At that magical hour, there is just no point in trying to go home.  Parking is not that great and the other restaurant on the other side will reserve several spaces for their customers.  And there's always that one car that has to be a jerk and park just a little over the lines so it prevent you from parking by it safely.  @#$%!!!They serve coffee, wine, gelato, panini and pastries.  I think they offer cake balls, which I tried and was like a ball of cake dipped in chocolate.  I think they recently changed layout of the place so that there are no longer any individual booths and the place looks more roomier for it.  There are individual tables that are spaced apart from each other.  Everyone in here seems to be taking advantage of the free wifi and are on their computers working.  But if you are just going to read from a book you may have a difficult time reading since it is kind of dim here.
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2010,9/24/2010,94,159,4,13,10>***Gourmet! Gourmet!! Gourmet!!!***You won't find "cake batter" and gummy worms in this foodie heaven.  Sarina, the owner, prides herself at using only the most natural and delicious ingredients for her fat free frozen yogurt (with live cultures!) and toppings.THE YO: 4 alternating flavors, all exquisite in their own right, and I should know b/c my carb-loading butt tried 'em all.1. Lo'nilla: vanilla with a little bit of pure orange oil- like a classy dreamsicle2. Chocolate: can't believe this is fat-free, definitely a less sinful way to quench that craving3. Classic Lavender: Organic Lav & Lemon, wow- if you've never tried this combo, it's bright, interesting, and the definition of spring4. Blush: the newest flavor, cherry blossom and almond, tastes like a chocolate-covered cherry to me!  Unique and oh-so-creamy...THE TOPS: fresh fruit, central market granola, homemade brownies and chewy peanut butter cookies, fancy chocolate, and much more-- like I said, Sarina keeps it classy- no gas station toppings here.THE DOUGH: about $6 depending on how much you load in your cup, middle of the road compared to the other places in town price-wise but the quality here is through the roof.JUST GO: you won't regret this one, team.  XOXO
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2010,9/23/2010,25,138,5,8,5>I love Cleburne Cafeteria.  It took me awhile to visit since they are inexplicably closed on Saturday, the day I usually end up straying from home in search of victuals.   I am from the land of Amish buffets and  have always enjoyed going out to eat with my grandparents, two facts that go a long way in explaining my infatuation.  This place makes me think of home and the food was great.   Turkey and dressing with mashed potatoes and raisin pie will be my requested last meal if ever convicted of a capital crime in the state of Texas*.  I'll be happy if it comes from here.(*I do not plan on committing any such offenses, I just like turkey.)
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2010,9/22/2010,106,104,7,9,8>My coworkers and I walked into Chinese Sichuan Cuisine with no preconceptions intact. We came to eat at Chinese Halal Cuisine, only to find this restaurant.That's okay, though. What the place lacked in Halal, it more than made up for in affordability, friendliness and flavor. Granted, we were there for lunch, so there were lunch specials, but it's hard not to love a restaurant whose lunch menu tops out at $4.95. Really hard.We weren't expecting the sheer deliciousness or the size of the plates we ultimately received--three of the five of us ended up with zealously guarded leftovers--but saying that these were pleasant surprises could possibly be the understatement of the decade. Kung Pao chicken that was sweet, savory and spicy all at once. Ma Po tofu over white rice that burned with spice, but made you come back for more and didn't cause any upset stomachs. General Tso's chicken, lightly breaded, fried until crunch and topped with only enough sauce to flavor without soaking.It. Was. Glorious.These inexpensive, delicious lunch plates were big enough for us to pass them around on the dim sum-style lazy Susan, but most people never took more than a bite of someone else's food because they were too busy simultaneously going into a flavor trance and food coma.As good as it is, though, there are two things that you must note: Though Chinese Sichuan Cuisine takes Visa and MasterCard, they only take it if you're charging $20.00 or more. Conversely, if you're paying cash, no bills larger than $20.00 are accepted.Inconveniences aside, though, this place is worth it.
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2010,9/21/2010,67,253,10,12,11>I am a pretty big fan of Swirll. I have been here a few times and one unfortunate time witnessed a chick who had no idea about the weighing situation and walked away about $12 poorer, but oh-so-loads of ice cream richer. I made sure to warn the people we were with of the way Swirll works. After calming Adam O. down, it was a lovely time.We tried tons of flavors and while I was digging the Almond, I opted for another route: Raspberry/pom sorbet and pomegranate alone and a splash of vanilla = delicious. I added some granola and strawberries, you know, cuz I was feelin crazy.overall, great place. I might have to think real long and hard about which I choose to quench my next very serious ice cream craving. Tasti d lite or Swirll.
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2009,9/20/2010,196,278,3,13,8>Ciao Bello is the latest creation from the minds of Tony and Jeff Vallone, the father and son team who have become legends in Houston's culinary scene.  Our foodie friends were abuzz when word of this new establishment leaked out, and we decided not to wait to check it out.  (With most restaurants, giving 'em a couple of weeks to sort things out is prudent, but knowing Tony Vallone, the staff will be ready and on their game before the first customer walks in the door.)We scored a table late on a Friday night (no luck at all the previous weekend) and zipped over to the San Felipe location, ready to experience the food.We walked in to a crowded, bustling restaurant, and were immediately seated in the dining room.  Tall and airy, modern without being stuffy, the room buzzed with energy.  There were no empty tables, even at this lateish hour, and the waiters were constantly in motion.  The energy of the room reminded me of the Grotto in its heydey.But let's talk food.  We feel that the heart of any Italian restaurant is its pasta, so we sampled several.First up was the Agnolotti di Zucca.  Delicate, handmade, thin pasta pillows filled with butternut squash, the dish was finished with a light, creamy sage essence.  This dish balanced sweet and savory with a deft touch.  We've often found this sort of ravioli to be cloyingly sweet, but the Vallone kitchen avoided this misstep with deftness rare in a restaurant open a year, much less one open a week.  One of us declared this the best example of this dish she's ever tried.Next was the Osso Buco Ravioli.  A bolder flavor, the amazingly tender meat was infused with an earthy flavor that was bold but not overpowering.  The richness was impressive; without a doubt we will order this dish again.Our final pasta dish was a suggestion from Jeff Vallone - the Rigatoni Bolognese.  We were pleased by the smooth combination of the beef and tomato flavors, and the undertones of pancetta and onions were spectacularly balanced.  This is perhaps the most complex and interesting Bolognese sauce we can remember sampling.Veering away from the pasta, our next dish was the fascinating Cuscinetti.  Plump chicken breasts stuffed with Italian sausage, spinach, and fontina, this dish seemed deceptively simple until the second or third bite, then the boldness of the sausage (with nice hints of fennel) balanced out the mild, tender chicken and the smooth fontina, the spinach adding a very slightly acidic bite to the mix.  Our favorite dish of the night.Dessert was an apple crostata, light and understated, and something were were barely able to finish.An important note: We were impressed by the reasonable prices of the dishes we ordered.  No item approached $20, which made our mix-and-match approach to dining surprisingly affordable.We have a new favorite Italian spot in Houston.  We'll be back again soon.
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2010,9/19/2010,63,98,4,14,6>Imagine a grandmother who lives in River Oaks and wears understated Chanel suits with perhaps a gold flower broach and spends her days lunching with other ladies of her same ilk. Now, turn this grandmother into a building and you get the River Oaks Garden Club. I attended a small wedding reception at the ROGC. The gardens, as expected, are pleasant and well taken care of. The building appears to be an old house decorated with antiques in the French country style. Large botanical themed prints line the walls in metallic frames. The parking lot is small, but there is ample street parking in the area (as of now, that may change if WestAve becomes a bumping place to be). This is an adorable place for a spring wedding reception, but only for a small wedding I doubt it could accommodate more than 100 guests comfortably.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2010,9/18/2010,53,60,6,19,9>This is the best Pakistani restaurant in the Houston area (atleast for the time being).  And that's saying something.I'm giving Zaika 5 stars based on relative understanding of how most Pakistani / Indian restaurants are set up in Houston - for a reasonable price... either very good food but poor setup (cleanliness, atmosphere, etc.), or very good set-up but poor (quality or "Americanized") food.  This place wins on both counts and manages to keep the value aspect intact with reasonably priced buffet and entree options.They have got it right and in the two times I have been there, I have been VERY impressed with the consistency of everything.  Even their buffet tastes like it's fresh out of the kitchen.  GREAT karai gosht (goat 'curry' type saag), bhindi (okra saag), good chicken tikka, chicken boti, seekh kebobs, murg makhni (butter chicken), daal (lentil saag), rice options, deserts, naan, etc.  The only thing I didn't really like was the "Chicken 65" which they claimed was one of their specialties.Just a great variety of tastes and different than most Indo-Pak places.  The chef is from Karachi and has worked at many 'famous' restaurants in Pakistan's largest city.  Good quality for a good price... only problem is that it's way the hell out in Sugar Land.
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2010,9/17/2010,274,156,6,27,30>Kanomwan will be remembered, and will hopefully return!While I have eaten here for two decades, I have not reviewed this remarkable family run place until now.  And unfortunately, this week marks the passing of the owner of Kanomwan, lovingly called by many in this city, the Thai Nazi.Much theory and discussion has gone on about the personality of the owner.  While on the surface, a small, stoic, poker faced Thai man with a seemingly limited vocabulary, "Mr. Kanomwan" was probably more worried about efficiently getting his huge lunch crowd in and out of his restaurant.  Obviously, he is the perfect Thai counterpart of Seinfeld's Soup Nazi.  In the relaxed evenings, I've seen him crack a smile and actually talk to his customers, many of whom have been coming there for years.One story I recall was of a large family with young children who were voraciously eating Thai styled Red Snapper (evening only dish).  A new father at the time, I had to remark to the parents how interesting that their kids were enjoying a fairly spicy, exotic dish.  The dad told me that they had been customers since their children were little.  His kids actually requested Kanomwan as a place to have their birthday dinner.As a creature of habit, over the years I resolved down to my two favorite dishes:  H6 (Chicken with Cashews) and Tom Ka Gai (Chicken in Coconut/Lemon Grass Soup).  Not a fan of Kanomwan's Panang or Pad Thai, I can see why some people don't care for this restaurant's version of these dishes.  I missed the lunch plates that used to be served a number of years back that came with a "carroty" spring roll and delicious rice gruel soup.  My number one choice, H6, with it's red chili pepper/fish sauce flavor has been likened to "crack" because of its addictive qualities.My condolences and RIP. "Mr. Kanomwan",  I hope your family will be able to carry on the Kanomwan's fine tradition of wonderful cooking.I hope for those of you who are new to this restaurant that you will get a chance to try some of my favorites because I hope to do the same.
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2010,9/16/2010,116,293,1,14,8>Moorhead's Farm is one of a few locally owned and operated fruit farms, in the greater Houston area that lets you pick your own fruits. In this case, this farm specializes in blueberries.The season typically starts around end of May or early June (check their website for updates). Harvest season only lasts a couple of months. When in season, the farm is open 7 days a week starting at 7am-9pm. It's located about an hour away from downtown Houston.I suggest going there really early or really late during the day. It does get hot and humid very quickly. I saw families bringing their kids and making a day of it. You're welcome to bring coolers, have a picnic. They do sell bottled waters in case you get thristy and forgot to bring your own.We got there around 8:30am on a Saturday and the place was already busy! Upon entering, a staff will hand you a bucket (you can ask for more buckets if needed) and informs you which section of the farm has the most ripe blueberries. After that, you're pretty much left to wonder on your own. There's no entrance fee. You pay the blueberries by the pound ($1.50/lb). We only picked about 5 lbs of blueberries, which I thought was plenty, but there were people there buying tens of pounds!A couple things to note about their blueberries: (1) they are really sweet! I really regret not picking more, especially since my family raided my stash. They liked THAT much! (2) they don't use pesticide on the blueberries or bushes. I don't think they're organic but close enough for me.
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2010,9/15/2010,251,713,11,15,15>Me.  I'm the one, that's right.  I'm the one that ordered a strawberry and spinach salad at a "pie place."  Not embarrassed to admit it.  Give me a break, at least I wasn't one of the two who ordered two slices of pie: one for dinner and one for dessert.Five cups of spinach, sliced almonds, fresh strawberries, jerk-dressinged chicken breast, and a sesame seed/olive oil dressing that I turned into a dipping sauce.  (Ordered it on the side.)  This new "favorite salad in Houston" is what I appeased my stomach with while the two nameless people of our party enjoyed their two pie dinner courses.  My salad and dipping sauce was so good and filling, I didn't mind all of the dessert around me. My compatriots ordered Vanishing Cherry, Buttermilk Coconut, Mississippi Mud, Bumbleberry, Choco-Peanut Butter, Peach Struesel, Key Lime, Southern Pecan, and I'm not certain what Stephen's second piece was, but I'm just going to say Lemon Creme, since that sounded like a winner.  (I'm a sucker for Lemon Meringue.)  The ones I couldn't stop staring at as I ate all five cups of spinach were: Buttermilk Coconut, MS Mud, Peach Struesel, and PB and Choco.  If we had been sitting at a round table (I have a thing with having to sit at round tables when dining in a large group), I could have told you how Stephen's Pecan and Lemon Creme were, but alas, you'll just have to use your imagination.  I could also tell you how the other four "Gretchen's picks" were, but I have a feeling that I would have walked out of that place with fork wounds.On a side note, you can order whole pies to go (small or large), but if you do this, order a slice "to sample while waiting."  It's really a nice set up, and the building exterior is lime green.  How is that not awesome?On a second side note, you readers have no idea how many times this I had to reedit this review in fear of being stuck with a PMRC sticker.  Tipper would have had a field day.  Hard to write a non-double-entendre-sounding review about pie.  It would have made Taime Downe blush...well, maybe not.
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2010,9/14/2010,158,402,12,14,10>so it was time to quell my HGTV  diy network aspirations since I finally got a "I can paint my room a funky color screw you landlord!" kinda spot now.  i came here because i finally decided to do one of thos fabric headboards i see them doing all the time, so i went to the best fabric department i could find and it was here.  this should be fun!They got floors of  fabric.... I was just looking for grey velvet ( i wanna feel like royalty in the new castle right?) and they had that, plus red, purple, green and white too.  you want it crushed? they got it too... you want ostrich instead?  They got it... Even if you are into polka dots or fuzzies they got those too..  I picked my choice and got it, ready to create my masterpiece. Now for the furniture?  It's fly....like james bond romancing sexy Russian femalespies on the sofa and then to the bedroom kinda fly. I digs it and they got prices that can fit your bond aspirations but you got the budget of a yuppie you can achieve the flyness. I like the lil nick nacks they have for the kitchen and office to add some flair to your otherwise ikea existence.
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2010,9/13/2010,123,175,13,13,13>My 1st memory was on a day a long time ago when i 1st had "This Is It." My old man brought some take-out home for the fam one night. On that night i saw bits & pieces of the movie 'Jason's Lyric' which was shot here in our home city, and a scene from that film was shot in this very kitchen. Then, as a child--who thought i could live off of beef jerky and Tom & Jerry--remembered how good it was...the hype had much to do w/ it. Recently on a busy Sunday i got in line to be taken back to my youth. I could smell the fresh greens while looking at them steam the glass pane it waited behind. Some days throughout the week they serve some Soul Food fave's like catfish, oxtails, ribs, pork chops and the list goes on. From my understanding, only if you're hungry you are welcome to dine in. Classic among all soul food kitchens in the city, 'This Is It' has merit as a historical part of Houston. Originated in 4th Ward back in the day, still around waiting for you to come in and top-off your meal w/ old fashioned T'cake, Pound Cake, and Pies for dessert. The staff will slab on a serving of their choosy selections of the day & all you've got to do is pick a weapon, fork, spoon or knife. My only fit w/ their cooking is the sometimes sweet veggies they make. To me, veggies shouldn't be sweet...to me.  Preachers still sin every once in a while, children lie to their parents, and everybody's guilty of imperfection. So healthy dieters are allowed one day to deviate from your free-range organic routine and charge yourself a meal here that you can pay for tomorrow. Your mouth will enjoy it's duties,  your belly will thank you.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2010,9/12/2010,106,156,8,10,11>My 100th review. Drum roll, please.I'm a tad bit disappointed that I can't give this place more stars and trust me, I totally would have if I was leaving this review before the last couple of times I've had Soliz. They were definitely a 5-star place from the get go, but my order of two #6's with guacamole and cheese began to lack in taste...But there are still many pros to this place. Firstly, it's an awesome "hole in the wall" kind of restaurant - right on a busy street, but you'd almost miss it because it's such a tiny shack. It's completely run by family, so there's a lot of authenticity to the food and the service. The service is definitely an A+ - they're super friendly, helpful if you're confused and will completely recognize you after you've been there or called in a few times. The food is freshly made and I would assume that since it is all homemade, it's healthier than other restaurants. And lastly, it's cheap... Really cheap.There are around three cons to this place. The first one being the fact that it is only open until 2PM, which is not really a con, but sometimes I crave Soliz at night and can't have it! Secondly, parking can be a disaster because there's a small parking lot and it may be super crowded at times and other times, you may not want to drive all over the rocky area. And then, there's the fact that my two #6's just have not been as delicious as they used to be.All in all, great place for breakfast and authenticity. I'll be going back and back again.
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2010,9/11/2010,156,143,13,10,11>Well paint my village and call me a shogun.  It should come as no surprise that the best Chinese food would be in, wait for it, Bellaire.   Sure it's ok to call it Chinatown.    But what are we really talking about here.  The average American palate might call this, Chinese food without the sugar.  But I am pretty sure I can actually taste food now.   Now all I did was to go at a late lunch.   I had the Salted Pork Spare Ribs, Ong Choy, and Dumpling Soup. Needless to say, but I will anyway as this is MY soapbox, I loved it.   The choy was absurdly fresh.   The Ribs were succulent, perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection.   But the dumpling soup was the winner this day.    I like to think I can cook quite well, but I won't ask how they keep the dumpling from overcooking while it rests in this bowl of pleasantries. A couple of things to note: When you feel overwhelmed by the menu, you're getting warm.When you look for typical American Chinese dishes (like spring rolls) and you don't see them, you're getting hot.When you eat it and it doesn't all taste like some sugary soy infusion of oral vomit, you're on fire.Welcome to an almost authentic experience.If you wanted something else, go to Gen. Joe's and get the hell out of Chinatown.
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2010,9/10/2010,172,157,13,13,15>RevelationUpon finishing the dish, I had confirmed the existence of a dish so good, so delicious, that it deserved the title of "my last meal on earth, even if it went against our culinary heritage. Not knowing how she would react, I gently broke the news to my mother. When she learned that, I loved Chicken Tikka Masala (CTM) from India's restaurant more than any Puerto Rican food. She said in response, "Puerto Ricans are rolling in their graves after what you just said." CTM is the synonym to delicious. Let 'em roll like a ever-growing snowball. Authentically delicious?Perhaps Chicken Tikka Masala is to Indian food what sweet and sour chicken is to Chinese food; ethnic food adjusted for the western palette. Like Weezer, I am singing to myself, "I don't care. I don't care. I don't care."  I love Chicken Tikka Masala. My Pakistani friend, Aley, said it was most likely a Pakistani chef who created the dish in the UK, since many Indians are vegetarians. Food VoodooI want to bring those flavors home, to my kitchen. How I wish I could re-create the complex flavor of the sauce; I imagine it has cumin, garlic, coriander, lemon juice, ginger, paprika, cayenne pepper, and several other spices, all mixing together in harmony to create the best Indian/Pakistani dish ever. The heat is so faint, I can't notice it in most bites. Heavens knows some Indian dishes can turn someone into a professional fire eater overnight. A Viscuous AddictionThe ganges river would flow with the creamy tikka masala sauce if it were up to me. Bribing the waiter for the recipe, stalking the restaurant buyer, and kidnapping the chef seem like plausible ways of obtaining that mysterious marinade and tantalizing tikka masala sauce. The flavor is something my 10,000 taste buds can agree upon, pure deliciousness. NaanationIt is one of the best flat breads ever. Crispy on the bottom, chewy crust, with big air pockets; it is perfect for soaking up the last spec of sauce. Well dressed waiters, move speedily from table to table and back to the kitchen, holding a tray with fresh naan. How much naan they make in a week would be interesting to know, even though it's naan of my business. Musketeerish ServiceA well-knit team of waiters and managers oversee the order, delivery, experience, and tab of the restaurant patrons. Their coordination and teamwork is right up there with the musketeers, all for one and one for all. Service is fantastic.Uninspired AtmosphereI'd like to believe that some way, somehow there is a way to merge the bright bold colors of Indian clothes with a fine dining experience. There is no unique features in the artwork, cutlery, or place setting in the restaurant, as  Valentino Restaurant does so well, nor does it have the bold modern feel of Mumbai Spice. The default white table cloth over a table with neatly arranged place setting, utensils, etc that would earn the approval of the stereotypical food critic. The neatest touch to the fine dining experience is the "silver" plates that the food is served on in the evenings. This is the first Indian restaurant I went to years ago, and while other Indian restaurants (Shiva, Mumbai Spice, London Sizzler, etc.) have come my way. With India's Restaurant it was love at first bite.
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2010,9/9/2010,265,191,12,14,13>Benjy's almost cost me my life last night...and it was (almost) worth it. Bold statement, I know, but when you're so elated with the ambiance, the food, and the company that you leave an establishment forgetting left from right, or in my case, one-way streets, you really have to give credit where credit is due. For last night's weekly dinner with one of my girlfriends, we chose to meet at Benjy's on Washington. Now we're no strangers to Benjy's in the village, but have often gone there for actual meals rather than happy hour. We've heard about Benjy's HH deals for what seems like eons, but have somehow always diverted our gatherings elsewhere. Last night, however, we were determined to finally try it out.We started off by seating ourselves in one of the dimly lit corner couches facing the stairs, so we can actively scout the eye-candy coming through as we perused the menu. The happy hour deals were as good as everyone mentioned: $5 food and drinks!  My poison of choice for the night ended up being the strawberry-tini. And being a newly converted Flexitarian, I ordered the mushroom pizza, which came with fontina cheese, pine nuts and of course, truffle oil. Really, it shouldn't come as a surprise anymore to anyone that once I see any kind of "truffle" on the menu, it's an automatic pick for me. But I digress.The pizza was perfectly thin & the crust toasted with the right amount of fontina cheese melting happily on top. Pine nuts and mushrooms were scattered about, and you could taste the truffle oil infused in it. Some places can't do a simple pizza right: most of the time it's overpacked with toppings, and other times the pizza appears to be on a diet. This one, however, was just right! Goldilocks would've been content!As for the strawberry-tini, it was proportionally potent. Enough sweeteners were placed to give my sweet tooth satisfaction, but I could still taste the alcohol bursting through the flavor. I just wish that I didn't have to drive far & long so I could imbibe more of it that night. Then again, maybe I wasn't meant to have more than one... after all, I almost caused a head-on collision after one! Lesson learned: don't drink (at Benjys) & drive (yourself home after).
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2010,9/8/2010,152,200,9,9,8>Option 1: stay home with a horrible hangover. Option 2: take a day trip out to Kemah with a friend.I chose option 2 and feel the right decision was made. He lived in Seabrook a few years ago & took me to one of the favorite hangouts, Boondoggles. I already liked it by the name alone because it's fun to say. It was kind of tricky to get there because it's located on the other side of Kemah, positioned under the bridge. Actually, this would probably be a great place to visit at night because you have a direct view of the boardwalk, docks, and all the boat traffic. Since we were there on a weekday, it was pretty empty inside & out. Most people were sitting on the patio, which is exactly where we chose to sit overlooking the water. Bench seating, very open patio, and I think have the option to close it in if it gets too windy. Their wait staff was friendly & attentive. The food was good, above average for pub food. I had catfish & veggies - no complaints there. I also ordered a margarita that was so good I ordered another just to make sure. More than anything I enjoyed the atmosphere. Boondoggles has a real beachy feel to it, more than any restaurant across the waterway. The crowd is more laid back than the Kemah crowd as well. I went casual & felt dressed up. I'll be back next time I'm in the area for sure.
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2010,9/7/2010,85,110,11,5,6>I came here for punk rock karaoke a few weeks ago, and I really dug the vibe.  It was laid back, dim, and had a good number of people milling about and being generally friendly.  For me, it was a bar where you make small talk with tons of different people and generally chill out with a beer, which is one of my favorite types of experiences.The drinks were also pretty cheap, and the bartenders were nice.The patio/fire pit area is cool, although if you see roaches crawling up the walls like we did, I recommend going inside immediately.  I say this because I basically have PTSD after having one of them fall off the wall and fly I KID YOU NOT directly into my forehead.  Neither me NOR the dude who got splashed with my rum and Coke were particularly thrilled, and I'm not sure either of us were aware that this type of thing was even POSSIBLE beforehand.So you know, my only real advice here is: avoid the life-changing horror of flying roaches if you can, and enjoy a beer at Big Star.
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2009,9/6/2010,308,398,24,25,21>At times, I feel that I'm a Southerner trapped in an Asian guy's body.  I love brisket, biscuits and gravy, and chicken fried steak.  I have owned a truck and cowboy boots and use the word "y'all" easily.  Given that I've lived in Texas all my life, I am stunned into silence for a second when I travel and someone asks me out of the blue:  "Are you from Texas?"Continuing the hunt for the best fried-chicken in town, fellow Yelpers Steve C and David G went with me on a recent Saturday to check it out.  It was not our first time at this rodeo [heck, there's hardly anything left for us to try for a "first" time] - we've each been to the Inn separately but it was the goal to sample the fried chicken that drew us together today.The Barbecue Inn reminds me of classic yesteryear Texas:  décor is retro "Mad Men" era stuff for a local Southern eatery but clean and well-kept.  As Steve noted in his review, it would appear that they preserved the flavor by putting new reproductions in place of the original items.  Very classy and a sensible way to avoid alienating the veteran customers.Warmly welcomed by the hostess, we settled into our booth.  Our friendly waitress quickly set down the standard wicker basket of crackers and pats of butter while handing us menus and taking our drink orders.  I'm not sure if it was the holiday weekend or just the usual Saturday lunch crowd, but we had no less than 3 chipper waitresses check on us, refill drinks, clear plates, and offer dessert.After placing my order of fried chicken ($12.35 for white meat only), we amused ourselves with stories, the crackers, and the included simple iceberg salad with diced tomatoes.  This is not the place to find nouveau anything, much less a salad composition.  Nope, you're getting lettuce with tomatoes.  Dressing options are limited to oil-and-vinegar, ranch, honey mustard, French, and Thousand Island.  Fat-free?  Don't make me laugh.The prepared-to-order fried chicken came out after about 15 minutes and was a beautiful sight:  three pieces [a leg, a wing, and a huge breast] of crisped golden skin wafting a tempting aroma.  Unfortunately, I had to suffer and wait another 5 minutes to allow it to cool enough without burning the mouth.  Oh, the humanity!  But, the juicy succulent meat was the reward for the effort.  Truly a simple yet exceptional piece of cooking.  It comes with a couple of slices of white bread and a side of fries but those were almost wasting good plate real estate - focusing on eating every scrap of delicious chicken, I only ate about 30% of the fries and skipped the white bread.After the delivery of the chicken, a lady at a neighboring table interrupted our chat to ask me if the wait was really the listed 20 minutes and was it worth it.  She told us that her boss wanted to come here for lunch but wasn't sure if it was worth the share of a limited lunch hour - from the looks of the chicken, it would be worthwhile but I'd be more worried of the productivity-sapping goodness of it. Post-meal, I tried to fight off the stupor but finally succumbed to a "nap", which lasted 3 hours.The Barbecue Inn needs to put a warning label on this great chicken:  "Do not attempt productive activity after eating this meal.  Do not operate heavy machinery.  Bring a designated driver to get you home safely."  4.5 stars for a superb, if not dangerous, fried chicken meal.
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2010,9/5/2010,159,62,11,13,11>Thank you very brunch!I cant remember getting THAT full in awhile. I just couldn't stop eating because every time I returned to the buffet there was something new being served. Ok im a pretty conservative guy (aka frugal cheap a#%) but for 27.00 it was surely worth it and very enjoyable.Fresh and tasty everything: Guacamole, ceviche, salsas, lamb chops, chilaquiles, chicken or fish enchiladas, shrimp cocktail, chili rellenos chicken and beef, and mucho mas. And the desserts...! I'm not even a huge flan fan but it was so amazing here. The thres leches was also very good. The live band was nice playing above hidden away on the balcony, and the wait staff was great. I love this area. So much to do so with all the cool little different shops and eateries. I'm glad I'm only 10 quick freeway minutes from that 'TROSE
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2009,9/4/2010,419,749,10,19,14>I have to be honest: I was all kinds of ready to absolutely hate Soma.  I even had some sort of "I wish I had some real Soma as in the drugs from Brave New World so I could forget this place" crack prepared (yes, I'm that nerdy).  I felt my blood pressure rising as soon as I turned onto Washington from Montrose because I knew I was entering Douchebag Territory--and yes, we did catch a few in their native habitat.  But once all was said and done and I put my chopsticks on my plate for the very last time, I was actually impressed.To get this out of the way first--it's definitely not authentic, but it's not quite "club sushi" either.  I was expecting loud music, ultra-modern decor and flashing lights, and although it was in all senses trendy, Soma's the first hip-sushi scene I've encountered that was really trying to be fine dining.  The service was completely on point, and although ordering a white truffle risotto at a sushi spot sounds absolutely horrifying, I applaud their inventiveness and bravery in offering such a dish.I organized a group to visit Soma on a Wednesday night, and even though I thought I was being smart by choosing a weekday, in driving up I realized there was absolutely no parking.  I chose to valet, even though I felt like I'd later regret it when they dropped the bomb on me that it was $10 or something, but it ended up being complimentary.  I met Holly S. (later Gretchen P. and Jim M. joined us) and we started in the lounge during their happy hour, since they were reluctant to seat incomplete parties.  In future, I'd recommend snagging a reservation because their dining room is smaller than the area around the bar.  There are actually a decent array of roll and drink specials for HH, and I chose a mojito for $6.  Even though I felt highly silly ordering a Cuban drink at a sushi restaurant, I was rewarded because it was fantastic.  Big glass, light on the syrup, heavy on the mint.  Perfect.After happy hour ended at 7pm, we migrated to the dinner table where our waiter regaled us with a long list of specials recited (mostly!) from memory.  Jim M. ordered some beef sashimi which he generously let us try, and it was truly fantastic.  I chose some edamame as my appetizer, but felt pretty jealous when I saw my dining companions' miso soup come out on a tray in a big, steaming bowl.  It looked to have some "extras" that miso soup at other restaurants don't usually have and appeared all-around tasty.I ended up choosing a few pieces of nigiri sushi (tuna, escolar and yellowtail) and a spicy salmon roll for my main event.  My expectations were low but I was pleasantly surprised.  The roll was packed with fish and chili oil (there's nothing worse than biting into a roll and getting a majority of rice) and topped with green onions, and the cuts of fish on the nigiri were thick, fresh and totally delicious.In short, Soma exceeded my admittedly low expectations, and though I'm not 100 percent on board, I can see why the Houston Press voted Soma as their 2009 Best Sushi Restaurant.  Though I had a great (and spendy) dinner experience, I think next time I go (GASP!  Did she just say "next time"?) I'll be taking advantage of their happy hour menu for food as well as drinks.  Well-played, Soma.  You've won me over.
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2010,9/3/2010,256,89,4,20,14>A pupusa is a thick handmade tortilla (using maiz or corn masa) which can be stuffed with one or more of the following: cheese, fried pork, chicken, refried beans, and Loroco (vine flower bud from Central America.) This is the main reason I often come to this little spot located in a small shopping strip on Jones Road. Their pupusas are authentic, and remind me of the ones my tia used to make when I was growing up in El Salvador. I also like them because they aren't as greasy as some other places, and I can't get enough of their curtido (spicy coleslaw) with which they are served. They also have a bakery here; I have seen them carry out baking sheets full of warm yummy goodies, ready to be served, or to be put on display for customers.  Often times I  fill a couple paper bags with pan dulce (sweet bread/pastries) to take home for dessert, or to have the next day with coffee for breakfast. I have yet to try the rest of their menu, which includes tortas and several mixed entrees for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The owners are polite and friendly; they keep the place clean and sometimes humor me with small talk from time to time. Next time you are in the area, try them, if I'm nearby, I may join you.
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2010,9/2/2010,134,149,6,16,9>Back for dinner.  Good seafood with some of the classic dishes of Cantonese seafood.  We had a asparagus crab soup, shrimp with walnut, lobsert with ginger scallion sauce and a mushroom hotpot.  The latter was creative and tasty.  Worth asking which dish as fresh seafood, which are frozen and which items are canned.  Unfortunately, too many items are frozen or canned.Staff was helpful and pleasant.They have a couple of rooms for private groups and plenty of tables for parties up to 8 or 10 people.Why did they lose a star on the dinner review?  Too many items were not fresh.  It is expected that Long John Silver is going to serve previously frozen fish, but ARCO is getting up to the price of a moderate range Western restaurant, and in a  Western seafood restaurant, entrees use fresh caught fish/crab/oysters.  The decore in the dining area at ARCO started off well but needs to be cleaned up, and the wait staff needs better multilingual skills (English, Mandarin, Cantonese, Spanish, etc.)
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,9/1/2010,108,106,17,15,11>That will teach me to be a good Yelper and not write a placeholder FTR. I mean I was 3 or 4 buckets deep sitting on the upper deck over-looking the edge of the ward and the beginning of the midtown proper. All set in the foreground of the Houston in all of it's glory. I thought to myself "Boy Brian, this is the bee's knees!" (read that like you have had 3 or 4 buckets of beer) and thusly I checked Yelp!. NO REVIEWS... But did I pen my First to Review? I sure didn't- I continued to enjoy the big cold buckets of beer that were being hauled up from the rustically slick new interior onto the balcony... my front row seat to the ballet that is embodied by this corner of town. You have to see it to believe it. I can only say that is it similar to watching lions and bears play from the safety and comfort of a Safari vehicle. Our bartenders and waiters were fantastically accommodating. Rondino keeps a VERY vigilant watch over the cars parked outside. There was a constant stream of spectacles that rivaled the skyline. Dudes getting in a fight on the street and then running after/kicking a white Mercedes? Check. Comical Crackhead being chased around the parking lot (a-la Benny Hill)? Check. Rollerblader taking a header into the concrete? Check. Michael Berry themed Burger? Check. Awesome vibe? Check.Service? Check.View? Check. Chill Country Juke Box.... CHECK... Gimmie a beer.
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2010,8/31/2010,47,254,4,8,6>I think this is probably the museum I enjoyed the most. So far.It's not really because it's HUGE and you certainly get your money's worth, it's what they have to offer.The exhibits are plentiful, a lot of these beautiful & interesting. To be honest, their Egyptian section with the mummy and all was way better than the one at the Science Museum. I had not been in years, and have to admit that I was pretty impressed.. yet again.They also have a movie theater that shows fabulous movies. (I watched Amores Perros for the first time here.)The gift shop is awesome, and they actually sell things regular people can afford. Score!If you are going to visit a museum in Houston, but only plan on attending one, this museum should be it.
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2010,8/30/2010,64,213,10,16,12>You take the good; you take the bad; you take them both, and there you have Melange Creperie.The bad:  - Buffalo Sean is only one man against the world.  He can only do so much, and a crepe cannot be rushed.  So, if you're lucky to be the first person at his crepe stand in Mango's parking lot, then e-high-five to you.  But, if you're like me, and you have a family of three, a hipster, and a hippie in front of you, then you'll have this song on replay in your head (Hot town, summer in the city.  Back of my neck getting dirty and gritty.  Been down, isn't it a pity--doesn't seem to be a shadow in the city...).- There is a limited supply of ingredients.  Once they're out, then they're out.  The good:- Sean's upbeat attitude almost made the summer heat bearable.  He's passionate about crepes and passionate about the local ingredients that he uses.  Plus, he won't serve you an overcooked crepe.  If he doesn't like the way it's cooking, he'll toss aside the crepe and start over.- The crepes!  Warning:  one is more filling than you think.--The Texas ratatouille crepe was filled with fresh, roasted vegetables (like red bell pepper, onion, eggplant), and the goat cheese added that extra something that you're always looking for when you eat vegetables.  It was creamy and complimented the taste of the vegetables.-- The banana and gnutella crepe was delicious (though I wished there were more gnutella).  I don't think I'd be able to wait in the heat again, but I'd love to come back again.  If you choose to visit the only crepe stand in Houston in this heat, then bring something to drink, a lawn chair, and an umbrella.  Oh, and CASH ONLY!
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2010,8/29/2010,3163,3020,9,21,16>Yelp is a LOVE/HATE relationship.  I love you for telling me about a place like this.  I hate you because now I have to tell everyone else.  I wanted to keep this place my little secret.  So Boiling Crab gets all the love...but there's a new up and comer with just as much flavor, costs less, and NO WAIT!  Could this really be true? Damn right it is.  Come to crawfish and noodles for their crawfish.  It was 6.99/lb for their market price tonight 4/2/10.  They only offer one flavor, which was garlic butter.  They allow you to modify the spiciness.  I went with the mild and that was plenty hot for me.The crawfish were a decent mix.  Some smaller ones but there were some giants but the most were normal size.  From what I've been seeing around town this is probably on the bigger side.  If you have to wait 2 hrs for boiling crab, come over here instead. They also offer sweet potato fries and their water is FREE.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2010,8/27/2010,408,480,11,18,11>If there was a genie bottle, and he granted me 3 wishes.. one would be to have a Cheeseberry pizza!Pizza | Spicy kimchi bulgogiChicken Wings | Spicy bbqFIVE STARS, people!! There was a decent amount of bulgogi meat with kim chi in almost every bite. oh man!!! It was an explosion of wonderful flavors! The saunce, topped it off... I'm not sure what it was but it gave the pizza slice a little kick. Oh how I want to go back and try another pizza.The weather was beautiful that day so my friend and I decided to enjoy the meal outside. A very nice, old woman took our order and she was so sweet! She was very welcoming and explained the menu and gave us her recommendations! Overall, I was super happy and I will be back to enjoy the delicious pizza with my friends!+ Request a frequent buyer card. Buy 9, get 1 FREE (bubble tea or small pizza!+ Save a little by going Tue-Fri for lunch (11a-3pm)+ Closed on MondaysMenu: cheeseberry.com/menu.pdfLunch menu special: cheeseberry.com/Lunch%20
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2010,8/26/2010,28,83,15,15,10>This will probably be the most TMI review I've ever posted, but here goes.Before heading off on vacation, I thought I'd get my nether regions waxed. As in all off. I know, I'm about 8 years too late on this fad, but I thought, what the hell?  Carolina, who runs Renude, was awesome. Sure, being splayed out half naked can make you feel a tad uncomfortable, but Carolina immediately made me feel at ease. In fact, I almost forgot why I was there until she ripped a strip of wax off on a really sensitive part. Not that it was completely painful, mind you. She uses this special type of wax and technique that minimizes pain, so it really wasn't as painful as I thought. And she's completely thorough. Everything is also super clean and she uses fresh wax for each client. Since I was a newbie, she was great at explaining what was going to happen next.Carolina was fantastic and it's clear folks from all walks of life think so too. While I was there, a dude went in to get god-knows-what waxed  (I'd really rather not know, but it's cool that he's there) and a lady in her upper 50s was next in line after me. Which just goes to show you how comfortable Carolina makes you. As comfortable as you can get being half naked with a stranger holding hot wax, anyway.
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/24/2010,8/25/2010,51,137,2,7,7>The hubby and I finally visited the famous Lankford Grocery.  He liked it more than I did, but this is my Yelp review, so 3 stars it is.It was a glorious Saturday afternoon, and we snagged one of the few remaining picnic tables in the sun.  A waitress came by immediately with menus and I set out to find the south of the border burger.  I typically like to try a regular burger first at a new place, to get a feel for things, but I went crazy this time due to Ako E's suggestion and left my hubby to order the standard cheeseburger.  We ordered cokes as well and onion rings, and I was so excited it was all I could do to sit still!While service was good throughout our visit, I was disappointed with the food.  I will, however, say the Lankford burgers are a great value for your money.  They are ginormous, and the single side of onion rings could have fed a family of five.  The burger was a greasy mess though, and while I loved the pepper jack cheese, cilantro, and avocado the flavor of the meat was lacking.  I tried a bite of my husband's burger, and I could taste the meat much better, but it really just tasted peppery, not meaty, if that makes any sense.  My hamburger bun was also quite greasy, which I didn't like.  Same exact story with the onion rings.  They were huge, but so greasy that I couldn't even finish one.  I still give the place three stars because it's a charming establishment and I love the feel of a friendly little neighborhood hangout .  The hubby and I will definitely be back, but I'm going to shake things up and try some of their other menu items next time.
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2010,8/24/2010,48,177,3,10,9>After seeing some reviews of this place and hearing about the lamps inside I decided to check this place out after dinner on a Friday night.First off it's closer to downtown then I thought it would be and as I was driving down Main St. noticed the lights in the tree informing me of it's location. After parking in the decent sized lot I enter to find it fairly empty.As soon as you walk in you go from day to night. The only lights come from the hundreds of Tiffany style lamps hanging from the ceiling. This gives it a romantic and cool setting all at once.After taking a seat at the bar I scanned the room and notice a few other people inside. It's a big open room with lots of different table set-ups. You have a bar in the form of a L. Couches, high tables, tables with benches, and circular booths. A lot of different choices to chose from depending on your party.There were a few TVs behind the bar and I got to watch the end of The Naked Gun and the start of Airplane II, although the sound was off I couldn't complain about this. Also the music selection was pretty good, can't go wrong with "6th avenue heartache."For the first hour I was there it was pretty quiet. A few groups huddle in corners and I was a little sad because I was really enjoying the atmosphere and wanted the place to thrive. Around 9:30-10:00, and out of nowhere, this place was pretty full of activity.The service was friendly but I have to admit a little slow. Towards the end of the night they apologized for it and I let it slide. Earlier in the night they provided two free shots so I can't complain. As for the bill, well I'm not really sure. For a vodka-cranberry, two long island ice teas (strong), two Shiner drafts, and one Bud Light draft, it came out to $24.00. This seemed too low so I'm not sure if it was an error, they gave us a discount without telling us, or this really was the total.Overall I had a wonderful time and can definitely see myself coming back. It's just a cool place to relax at.
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2010,8/23/2010,105,95,7,10,8>I came here on a Wednesday.  The place was packed and parking was terrible.  I basically had to make my own parking space and hope that my car was still there after eating.Beyond what was on the menu, the waitress told us about the curry choices. I ordered Beef Vindaloo. The waitress warned that it was very spicy, but that was the main reason I wanted it. After tasting the Vindaloo, it was hot, but not nearly as hot as our waitress exclaimed.  I suppose that's not really a bad thing though.The Beef Vindaloo was very good. Large pieces of beef and potatoes over a bed of rice in a large bowl. The meal also came with bread. It would have been even better if it actually filled most of the bowl. The portion was small, considering the 18 dollar price. I'm not sure about the other options, but from the menu, it seemed like they were also (too) expensive.
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2010,8/22/2010,229,569,10,11,11>It was a lazy Houston winter afternoon as I stood in line behind Agustin S. I sat in quiet mock judgment of his peculiar behavior as he gestured wildly, pointing and demanding to know what everything was behind the counter. Then it was my turn. Something strange happened and I reenacted the same strange behavior as my friend. The Treebeards bug had struck!I think the behavior can be attributed to the "Butter Cake" sign that displays prominently by the cashier, . . . in part at least. The food, however, is just that damn exciting. Agustin's mantra upon entering Treebeard's was Shrimp Etouffe, so I rolled with it. Delicieux! The kind of dish that warms the soul. My only regret was only getting a cup. I also got a cup of Duck Gumbo. It was good, but I wasn't ecstatic about it. It definitely doesn't have that knockout punch the etouffe does. Add a slice of jalapeno cornbread, however, and your more than good!During my primitive gesturing at the counter, I fell in love. Unsuspectingly, moving my brown tray down the line, there it was--the mac and cheese. Far, far removed from that stuff that comes in a box, this bundle of pasta and excessive cheesiness has probably broken many hearts . . . or at least given them a good dose of high cholesterol. Totally worth it though!If you're not sure about the Treebeard's hype--believe it. My love is reborn!
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2009,8/21/2010,219,206,4,6,5>Well, after all the hoopla about this place I finally got to try it on Saturday evening, about 6pm. There were only a few more tables in there so we were seated immediately. We had just come from trying out Block 7, so we brought our half drunken bottle of wine with us. Big time bonus for not having a corking fee. As everyone has mentioned, the staff are really personable and attentive. I think they had just painted because when we walked in the smell was a bit overpowering. We did try and hurry our meal up because of this, but that's not really something you can get mad at them for. The bread came out.. it was cold which put me off just a tad, but the olive oil with the herbs they bring out made me forget about that, sooo good. We shared a the Italian sausage with mixed bell peppers as an appetizer. It was really tasty, we ate every bite. Cy-fi had the lasagna, pretty standard there with Meat sauce, ricotta & mozzarella cheese layered between pasta & smothered with marinara sauce. I had thePollo Cipolino which consists of Grilled chicken breasted topped with sun dried tomatoes, caramelized onions & goat cheese served with mash potatoes & seasonal vegetables. They were both good sized portions and they were both pretty darn good. That chicken was the bomb, sun-dried tomatoes make me happy. Our two entrees and appetizer came out to $32 before tip. Not bad at all. I'm pretty sure we'll be coming back to this place.
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2009,8/20/2010,343,368,18,20,17>My little pork dumpling, wrapped in swaddling dough, you are delicious.  I baptize you in spicy soy sauce and you become perfect.  My precious bundle of joy is a healthier alternative to that grease-filled fast food or mundane sandwich.Bao-Z is WAY better than Doozo.  Bao-Z is tucked away in the underground tunnel system, so it is lesser known.  Bao-Z dumplings are smaller, but they are fresher, warmer, and full of flavor.  Take your pick of meat for your dumpling/pot-sticker: pork, chicken, shrimp, or if you are crazy - vegetable.  The egg roll is average.  I enjoy the egg drop soup.  The scallion pancake aka green onion pie ($1.50) is pleasant as well.Baoz offers a variety of pricing and combos.  You can mix flavors. Here are some:12 pcs for $5.5012 pcs + soup + drink for $7.0012 pcs + soup + egg roll for $7.00daily special: 18 pcs + soup + egg roll for $7.50.There are tables and chairs close in the vicinity like a food-court.
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/28/2010,8/19/2010,231,233,7,13,10>In my excitement while standing in front of the immaculate baked-goods display, the impossible almost happened. I almost convinced myself not to get dessert at all because there was too much to choose from. And then I realized how insane that would be. Um, are those freshly-baked straight-out-of-the-oven chocolate chip cookies on top of the counter? Why yes, yes I think they are. The unfortunate custom of eating the meal before dessert always ruins things for me, but this time a palmier cookie was shared and it made quite a good appetizer. Buttery, crispy, caramelized sugary, delicious. You order at the counter, and pick a seat. I love the light by the windows. I usually get the famous berry lemonade, which sometimes can be a little tart but you can add sugar. Once seated, someone brings a basket of bread. Warm bread. We were impressed that an order-and-pay-up-front cafe would bring out complimentary bread (and yummy, to boot). They'll even bring you more, free of charge. I'll be honest - I can sing praise about the atmosphere and the visual appear of this place, but I had to dock a star because the food is hit-or-miss here. I ordered the curry during one visit, and it tasted and looked like weird soup out of a can. On the other hand, the rosemary chicken ravioli was delicious. It's not a huge portion; just enough. There are daily soups to choose, and in the summer they offer regular and white gazpacho if you're into the whole cold soup thing. You can't go wrong with the desserts. You can order individual cookies/cake slices, whole cakes, or certain cookies by the pound.  The staff is friendly and quick to respond to questions about which dessert they like better (it's just so hard to choose). They also have a small selection of gelatos for one of those hot summer Houston days (oh wait... that's everyday...)Plus, the River Oaks Theatre is right next door. Great location for dinner before or after the movies :)
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2010,8/18/2010,103,89,7,8,9>This place is hella cool with all their old posters, pictures and license plates decorating the walls. The wall of hot sauce is also badass with sauces that start at "wimpy" and go to "you're f'n nuts man!"Overall the burgers are great but the toppings can make or break it depending on your tastes. The grilled onions are awesome but the canned mushrooms are not. Processed Swiss cheese is never ok in my book but I love American cheese on my burger. Try a few different burgers and see what you like - there's bound to be one.Here are some of my fav's:The Western - Bacon and cheese with BBQ sauce and an onion ring.The Black & Blue - Cajun blackened patty topped with blue cheese. Add bacon and it's heavenly!The Greek  - Topped with feta.The Chili Cheese - Chili. And cheese. Surprise!The Juicy Lucy - A 1/2 lb patty stuffed with cheddar and blue cheese.There is also the 5 Alarm, rumored to be the hottest burger in Texas. You get a cool fire hat and your pic on the wall if you eat the whole thing! In case you're wondering, no I haven't tried as I don't have a death wish...The clincher for me though is that they serve real fries - no processed frozen frankenfries - and that alone is almost worth a visit.
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2010,8/17/2010,211,151,5,13,13>What? A person from Houston that STAYED at Hotel Sorella? That's right! Thanks to the wonderful bf, I got to stay a night at Hotel Sorella for Valentine's weekend. I love trendy hotels. Hotel Sorella is as trendy as you can get in Houston too! It has a contemporary Miami vibe, with the decor being mostly warm tones. Although there is a huge parking garage adjacent to it, hotel guests can valet for free. Check-in was a breeze and we were escorted up to our room with our bell hop who carried our bags for us. (p.s. - I hate when bell hops bring my bags 10+ min later after I'm already situated in my room, so it was nice that he walked with us). The hallways have a cool black and white wallpaper that's very visually stimulating on the eyes. All the room doors are a deep espresso brown. When you enter, the room is about a standard hotel size. What I liked about it is that it had both hardwood and carpet flooring in the room. But besides just that, the fixtures are beautiful. All the furniture is espresso brown wood. The bed is topped with crisp white linens. There's a comfy chenille covered couch in the sitting area and a flat screen TV with cable channels. Oh, and free wifi too!The only small disappointment was the bathroom. It's a gorgeous bathroom, no doubt, with a good amount of counter space. I only wish the bathroom was bigger so there could be a tub or tub/shower combination in it. They only had a standing shower (no door too). What also impressed me was the free breakfast they offer everyday from 6-10am. You don't typically see this at nicer hotels, especially on weekends! They had a buffet of fresh fruit, pastries, juice, coffee (including cappuccino and espresso), yogurt, and cereal. I would definitely recommend Hotel Sorella to anyone coming to visit Houston as well as locals who are looking for a place to have a bachelorette or birthday party. There's also tons to eat and do right in City Centre for out of towners who want to minimize driving.
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,8/16/2010,119,124,8,11,7>If you knit or crochet... you will LOVE this store. They have EVERY color and every type of yarn from cotton blends to mohair. They have books with patterns, a knitting corner, loads of different sizes of needles and supplies, and they even have kits to make that cute knitted felt purse you've always wanted to make. What I especially liked about Yarns to Ewe was all the samples of what you could possibly put together from scarves, purses, sweaters, and cute vests.... if you're an advanced knitter. I was in HEAVEN.... for about 5 minutes. Each ball or skein of yarn averaged about $12. That's A LOT. So even if I had the pattern to make a gorgeous Mark Jacobs ruffled scarf, you need about 10 balls of yarn to do one of these suckers... that would cost me not only a lot of time but around $150. Cheap... if the actual scarf was $5000 but a Marc by Marc Jacobs scarf is only about $50. However... if I'm looking for a VERY specific color that's 22% cotton, 46% polyester, and 32% mohair... and I only need 1 ball... I know EXACTLY where to go. Thank you Gretchen for telling me about Yarns 2 Ewe. And thank you Linh for telling me where it was because I probably would've gotten lost since it's inside the loop.
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2009,8/15/2010,427,838,9,13,12>So after a month-long arduous journey of posting nothing but reviews of my NY trip...like George Costanza, I'm back, baby!So my first foray into the wonderful yet terrifying world of skydiving actually happened in the middle of August, but I'm just getting around to posting about it now. First, a brief overview of the process:1. Get there and sign paperwork, etc. If you're going to get a video, here's where you choose your songs.2. Wait a while, then watch an informational "training" video where a dude with the most awesome beard you will ever see talks to you via DVD (note: not discounting that it may be VHS).3. Wait a while longer, then willingly get pushed out of an airplane.4. Wait some more (if you bought a video) while they develop your video5. Go home.So it's a fun enough process I guess, although I don't know that it's worth the $200+ for 15 minutes o' fun. Anyways, here's some tips:1. Go early. If you couldn't already tell, there's a lot of waiting involved. While waiting, bring your own drinks/snacks to pass the time. If you're feeling too hot, go to the restaurant area on the second floor to get some A/C.2. Make sure your ears are at attention. They'll announce who's up to bat (for the training video and for the actual jump) via loudspeaker, but you can hardly hear it anywhere but in the bathroom.3. If you're getting the video, don't (kidding). It's a LOT of money to spend, but it can be worth it if you do it right. One, make sure to bring your own music. Their selection, uhh, sucks. Second, whenever your camera guy comes to greet you, make sure he shoots a LOT of video. Tell him to videotape your friends. Make sure his camera is on the whole time. The quality of your video is highly contingent on how much (good) footage they capture. We had some people in our party get awesome videos, others not as good, so be proactive about trying to get a good video.4. For your jump, don't be too nervous. I've got no problems with heights, but I do have a problem with jumping willingly out of a perfectly good plane. Luckily for me, you don't really jump so much as get pushed out by your tandem instructor. The quality of your tandem instructor is also important, but this is really beyond your choosing. Actual conversation between my girlfriend and her instructor:GF: So how many jumps have you done before?Ins: 7. You'll be my eighth.GF: Uhh, ok. When did you start?Ins: Today's my first day. That guy (points to my instructor) actually trained me on how to do it.GF: Great.Or something like that. It's been a month, no guarantees that was verbatim. Luckily for her, her instructor did a great job. They all do, really, but it's a madhouse. Everyone is being paid per jump (and it apparently ain't much), so you're really getting only 15 minutes of quality time with them before they're off to the next jump. And they literally jump every two planes or so. So be nice, and tip them some extra.Overall, it was a fun experience, and not too terrifying. However, the waiting to enjoyment ratio is definitely not good and is even more skewed when you factor in the high costs and the rushed customer service. I personally think money can be better spent elsewhere, but it's a great once in a lifetime experience.
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2010,8/14/2010,29,177,3,9,5>THE Chocolate Chip Cookie--O.M.G!!!!! Absolutely, hands-down, fabulous!! Now, I eat a minimum of 2 (TWO) choc. chip cookies/week, and although I am not a connoisseur, I know what I like. This cookie was crisp (not crunchy/crumbly) and moist at the same time, with a flavor that was amazing.Came here for the breakfast special (Blueberry Pancakes w/ scrambled eggs, hashbrowns and choice of bacon, ham steak or sausage). The entire dish was EXCELLENT!!! :-D Now for the desserts: The pecan pie was one of THE best pecan pies that I have ever eaten. It blew away mine, my mom's AND my grandmothers (that is really something in and of itself)!!! The chocolate cake and strawberry cake: The icing on both was delicious, but the cake itself was dry :-( Now the cake wasn't dry because it had been sitting out all day. He had just made the chocolate that morning, and was frosting the strawberry when we came in, so it is something lacking in the recipe, I guess.... Overall a great place, and I enjoyed eating here (although I am disappointed with both cakes).
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2010,8/13/2010,50,19,7,11,11>Houston's best foodie date night...unquestionably...Thiem Hung's "After Dark" on Thursday and Friday evening between 6-9pm, when they bring out the white tablecloths and candles, and the fun and friendly young owner brings out his special of the week. Plus, it's BYOB, so you can bring a bottle of your favorite wine (or in my case...whichever is on sale and has the coolest label on the shelf) or beer.Often, Minh will offer a sort of "prix fixe" as the special, which you absolutely do NOT want to pass up. This is THE reason to be there in the evening on Thursdays and Fridays. Every week he seems to come up with something even more over the top than the week before, and this week was no exception. In fact, he may have seriously outdone himself...I think he's gone totally mad. Here's what this week's special consisted of:1st Course: Bánh cuon - four of them actually for each diner - including the pork roll slices and fish sauce. If you've never had this Vietnamese dish, you are really missing out. You'll be an instant fan!2nd Course (as if you needed one at this pint) - Chicken leg quarter, with garlic rice or mashed potatoes, and asparagus. Thiem Hung does chicken like no place else...but tonight it was just downright crazy. Minh is sparing no amount of effort to impress his customers, and it shows in what he has done with a simple chicken dish. As for the rice and mashed potatoes...I hope you like huge cloves of buttery soft roasted garlic. This stuff is amazing!3rd Course: Flan with berries. I've never been a huge fan of flan...I think I've ate it only once or twice. But like everything at Thiem Hung, the flan did not disappoint. My stomach's capacity did, however, and I had to throw in the towel after a couple of bites. Tracey was more than happy to pack it up and take it home. I doubt it will see the light of the morning.We both ordered the rice with our dishes, but he also brought us out a "small" sample of his mashed potatoes...knowing we'd love them...and of course we did. Wow.On a side note, don't bring a lot of money. A meal like this is hard to put a price on, but amazingly it's priced at quite a steal. Throw in your own bottle of wine, candlelight, great music, and great company, and you'll be hard pressed to find a better evening on a Thursday or Friday night in Houston. Make it a date!Check out my pictures...we're Thiem Hung junkies!!
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2010,8/12/2010,73,202,8,13,12>Six of us had dinner together at Haven last night and it was wonderful. Athough pricey, it rang many bells and here are the highlights:1. Food: Mostly superb. Yes, the menu was a little precious and went  a bit far in listing out the provenance of every single item contained in the dishes but I could tell that it was done with a genuine sense of pride. And it was kind of cool to know that I was indirectly supporting local farmers and fishermen. Some of the best dishes from the evening were:- Shrimp Corndog: Just what you'd expect from the name, it was a skewered shrimp coated and fried in a juicy beer batter served on a pool of spicy cream sauce reputed to be "Tabasco Mash Remoulade" (whatever that is). The accompanying glass thimble of lemonade was unecessary and kind of odd.  - Free Range Chicken with bacon spaetzle: Flavorful and yummy. It doesn't much better than savory roasted chicken (skin on) and bacon flavored carbs. - Summer Squash with quinoa and assorted vegetables: This was a  huge hit with a respected foodie at the table who proclaimed it "fabulous". I think the mark of a talented chef is being able to turn out a vegetarian dish that makes the carnivores at the table wonder "why didn't I order that?".- Poundcake with Blueberry Sauce: Who doesn't love a thick slice of warm homemade poundcake with fresh blueberries? Things that were just ok:- Devilled Eggs: These were made with sour pickle relish and if you are used to having sweet pickle relish mixed into the yolks, like me, you'll probably not care for these too much. - Shrimp and grits: My husband got this. The shrimp were severely undercooked and not appetizing.- Coconut Tres Leches Bread Pudding: I loved the charred marshmallow topping but the congealed pudding was slimy and the sauce alarmingly yellow and viscous. Having just gotten over a bout of bronchitis, this dish started bringing back unwanted memories. Enough said.   2. Service: Our waiter was pleasant, prompt and courteous.3. Decor: The dining room was artfully done up in dark chocolate tones with large silk screened pictures of vegetables and well-placed lighting. The fabric covered walls and the carpet went a long way towards holding down the noise.4. Valet Parking: I took off a star due to the presence of the dreaded Houston valet  parking mafia combined with the absolute lack of any self parking options. (I just like to park my car myself, okay?) However, I will concede that the valet parkers probably earned their keep last night as a torrential rain erupted during dinner and continued for most of the evening. In comparison to similar Houston eateries, Haven is what T'afia and Shade aspire to be, and it is on par with Glass Wall and Reef in my book. Thumbs up for Haven, a welcome addition to the genre of Houston restaurants which emphasize inventively prepared, locally sourced ingredients.
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2010,8/11/2010,178,1288,13,21,13>4 stars but not without reservations.  We went here on Friday night after seeing their huge "Now Open" sign.  I figured they were ready for regular business, but I was wrong.  We walked in and the restaurant is beautiful. It's two story with tons of wood work and metal. It's a lovely restaurant with great views of the lake, a huge sushi bar, semi private rooms on the second floor, plenty of seating everywhere, and a patio overlooking the lake. The place looks great and as they get their other issues worked out, this may be one of the nicest restaurants in Sugar Land.As we entered, the hostess tried to usher us to the sushi bar. We explained that we wanted a table and she brought us to one. She seemed to be under some type of orders to get as many people to the sushi bar as possible. Hmm... Anyway, our waiter was nice and immediately explained that they had just opened and things might be a little slow, but they were trying their best. We appreciated the warning, but we weren't in any hurry. We ordered several items, and enjoyed just hanging out looking at the beautiful new restaurant. We also ventured outside and upstairs to check the place out.  Our first item, the crazy Irishman roll, didn't arrive until one Hour after we had ordered. I know things were slow, but this was crazy (as the roll denoted). Unfortunately, it was delivered containing avocado.* I specifically told him I was allergic and he took it away. At that point, I think he realized it had gotten ridiculous. Our food finally arrived and everything was very good. The manager came by and said he was comping the whole meal. We never complained about wait time. We only said we couldn't eat the food with avocado. He was really nice and said he just wanted us to give them another try.  We definitely will.Our food: - The Ebi Tempura was very good. It was quite a hearty portion. The tempura batter was light and yummy. - The Crazy Irishman Roll was very good once we got it without avocado. My husband loved that it had a hint of spice but not too much. Definitely recommend!- The Katsu Don is one of the best I've had. The pork was perfectly coated with bread crumbs. The rice was sweet. The sauce was yummy. The egg on top was perfect.- The Hawaiian Teriyaki chicken was just ok. It needs more flavor. The portion size is huge, but the dish is bland. Throughout our meal our drinks were constantly refilled. The managers were moving efficiently throughout the restaurant.  Typically with such a wait time, I'd give less than 4 stars. Why 4 stars? Delicious food, gorgeous restaurant, attentive managers who made things right with going above what was needed, and a great location.  I'm excited to go back (in a few weeks) once they work out the kinks of service.*The Crazy Irishman Roll we sent back came out with another server that tried to give it to another table proclaiming "Complimentary Appetizer!" The first table refused it. The sushi was brought out by a third server to another table proclaiming "Complimentary Appetizer!", and it finally found a home. I'm glad the restaurant didn't waste the food.
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,8/10/2010,165,170,2,9,8>This place is great for a ladies, couples or family lunch/brunch. This place lives up to their name "Tiny" Boxwood, because upon arrival this place was cluster filled from the snobs of River Oaks to small family gathers. There are only a few tables indoors and a bar area surrounded with bar stools. They also have a large long table in the middle of the restaurant that served as a sort of community table, with a mixture of different families and couples. The menu is nice and simple, just like I like it, with a blackboard of the daily offerings. I decided to get the Frenchman Sandwich and my boyfriend ordered the Grilled Cheese and Pesto Sandwich. We had to sit outside on a cold blistering winter day (30 degrees outside...burrrr) but a nice gentleman brought out an outdoor heater for us. The service at Tiny Boxwood was amazing from start to finish. The food came out fairly quickly and we decided to dig in right away. The Frenchman sandwich was filled with pesto, goat cheese and prosciutto and was AMAZING. The perfect combination of creamy from the goat cheese, savory from the pesto spread and salty from the prosciutto. I snagged a bite of my boyfriend's sandwich, which reminded me of a grown up grilled cheese sandwich. The Gouda cheese just oozed out and it was stringy deliciousness in my mouth. We chose the orzo salad to accompany our sandwiches, which was so-so and a bit salty and boring. We decided to have a little dessert to finish off the meal and chose the Yelp famous chocolate chip cookies, and boy did they not disappoint! These might be one of the best chocolate chip cookies I've had ever tasted; it was both soft and chewy on the inside and had a nice crisp on the outside--Toll House move over there's a new cookie in town! This place would be a much better choice during the spring or autumn season, because more than likely you will have to dine outside if you go during busier days. So to enjoy nature in the comfort of the city than give Tiny Boxwood a chance, for some BIG flavor in a TINY and quaint restaurant slash garden.
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2009,8/9/2010,150,374,12,12,10>This place is awesome. The only downfall was the two idiots putting extreme-death-speed-screeching-metal on the jukebox. Not that I hate that music, moreso that this place oozes mellow along with it's clientele and those two isolated metalheads were oblivious to the fact they weren't chilling at CBGB's. This place needs to have pub-like music in the background or some more classical tavern-type music. So I obliged in loading the jukebox with money and overriding their selections for awhile.At least for as long as I needed to down a few beers and relax.There's a patio out back and a couple of dart boards. There's only two bathrooms, and they are clean, but they are placed in the middle of the bar which is kinda weird. No matter - I'll definitely be back here at some point!
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2010,8/7/2010,225,440,6,11,13>I took a pic of Antidote's patio on my phone and now use it frequently as wallpaper. Why you might ask??? Because it reminds me of a place that is truly the combination of all things good about small coffee shops that are not Starbucks. Now I like my triple, nonfat, caramel lattes just as much as the next "Buckaholic" but I prefer a place that feels more like home. Antidote is is easy to find, quaint and inviting. Although the indoor area fills up quickly the patio is my haven. I love outdoor areas and this is one patio where you can get in some serious people watching time. Not only is the environment conducive to relaxation but the prices are cheap and the caffeine is on point. While sitting outside they make sure to try and keep you as chilled as possible in the Texas sun with oscillating fans and shade provided by foliage and umbrellas. The only downside is probably the comfort of the chairs on the patio, but I can over look that. Did I mention they sell beer? Just another reason for me to visit again!
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2010,8/6/2010,81,217,4,11,7>Is Houston, and more specifically Washington Ave., ready for an "organic" bar? If it takes the form of Sugarcane, I think so. Sugarcane is the new bar on Washington offering organic cocktails, wine and local beers. My friends and I visited last night, a Saturday night and their third night of business. We arrived early and I was a little stunned at the age of the crowd - most were 50 +. They have really opened up the space from the Corkscrew days. Gone is the dark paint and heavy wood wine shelves. The new decor is open, bright, and lots of green. It's kind of a "Eco-Decor" mallet...hitting you over the head with the concept. The only things in the decor that don't jibe are the dark brown "leather" couches and heavy wood chairs left over from Corkscrew. There is a decent mural of a tree on on wall that got more interesting when they turned the lights down. The drink menu is full of very well described "Eco-drinks." They use organic liquors and mixers. We sampled their version of a blood orange margarita, the La Brea (an acai and vodka drink), the 6th ward, and another Acai drink with coconut. They were all delicious and "clean." The drinks do not leave that gross, syrupy, smack your gums feeling or taste that a lot of sugary drinks leave. They don't have any food on the menu, but a staff member shared that a taco truck will be parked outside for Asian influenced tacos and the like. Sugarcane is a welcomed addition to Wash. Ave. This place is a winner and will be packed this summer.
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2009,8/5/2010,287,298,7,10,11>Recently had a delightful lunch experience at Yelapa. Joining a group of 4 we were seated in a little "patio" area that had plenty of french doors which were opened to greet the beautiful day. The first scent that greeted me upon sitting was the smell of leather from the new tables and chairs. Thank goodness it was just a hint of leather as it would have overpowered the delicate meal I ordered. I ordered the lunch express. It is a 3 course meal: appetizer, entree and dessert for $20. I started off with the cucumber gazpacho which was sweet and creamy. The mussels were a nice compliment to the soup. For my entree I ordered the salmon with cauliflower risotto. This dish was out of this world, while the risotto was very mild it went well with the perfectly cooked, tender salmon. The flan in rosewater was delicious with the rosewater giving it that extra push. The chef was kind enough to send out samples on and off the menu. The campaneche was served in a cocktail glass and the best I've had. The sauce had a serious kick but did not overwhelm the seafood. My favorite offering was the rockfish with a ancho chile rub and Mexican "kimchi". As a kimchi lover, this unique version was, well...awesome (I hate using that word in reviews). I spoke briefly with the chef about how my mother makes a garlic based kimchi which he asked for a sample. Hmmmm, maybe we can have a trade: some campaneche for garlic kimchi. Sounds fair to me! The service was spotty but I attribute that to growing pains and maybe we looked as we were in no hurry. Thanks Mike W. for steering me to this great restaurant!
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2009,8/4/2010,153,176,12,12,13>Holy crap! I came here with my girlfriend for lunch the other day and didn't know that crack could come in the form of a Vietnamese sandwich. I had the pork bahn mi and was hooked from bite one. We got to Givral's right around 11:10 which was perfect. By the time we left, the line was wrapping around inside and almost out the door. As we were waiting in line, we grabbed a package chicken spring rolls (2). We were starving and didn't realize how big the sandwiches were. The spring rolls were awesome. The peanut sauce was incredible and the chicken was marinated wonderfully. Normally, I would have gone for the shrimp spring rolls, but we were shrimped out. I ordered the pork bahn mi while the lady friend ordered the chicken bahn mi. Once I bit into the sandwich, it was as if that was my first meal ever. I couldn't even put my sandwich down to go get more soda. It was that good. The bread (as stated by many prior to me) was perfect; crunchy on the outside, nice and soft on the inside. The sandwiches were served with shredded carrots, a long cucumber strip, a jalapeno strip, and then a sweet sauce. I'm new to the world of bahn mi and so I don't know the name of the sauce. After we devoured our sandwiches, I felt as if I should take a nap because I definitely ate too much. Two hours later, I was craving another one. It's that good and I'm a huge fan now. Also, I saw the lovely Gretchen which was a treat. I haven't seen her in a bit and if she eats there, then it must be good.
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2009,8/3/2010,305,161,14,15,14>League City might have 99 problems, but barbecue ain't one. Red River is holding that fort down in a fast, friendly, family friendly way. Listen - I know alliteration won't fool you so check the pics. Who's holdin it down? Two brothers you might not know so well. Offering CFS to shrimp baskets to the obvious...barbecue, Red River comes off as a polished machine. It feels like a cross between Ryan's Family Steak house and the YO Ranch. Complete w/ flashing order notification and impressive taxidermy. So I began to sour on the prospects of finding good Q here. Too clean. "Red River"...I thought to myself, wasn't that what God built to keep out Oklahoma? Who would name a place in League City that? Especially if you're a Sealy boy? Shrimp on the menu? Huh? Yet it was pretty tasty. The baby backs were mildly warm and a little dry, but were otherwise great. They had a sweet glaze that wasn't overwhelming, and added a nice compliment. The brisket was cooked almost perfect, but had obviously sat for some time and had lost much of it's moisture, if not its tenderness or slightly smoky flavor. The sausage was very mediocre in quality, texture and flavor. Arguably the worst thing on the plate. I think that's the first time I've said that. The sides were memorably great. The cold potato salad was creamy, finely chopped goodness with a healthy touch of aromatic veggies. The pinto beans were fantastic. Perfectly cooked and seasoned carrying a nice finish of pepper. You see beans all the time floating in everything but the kitchen sink that don't contain half the flavor of these simple beauties. All in all, RRBBQ is a great asset in this area. It's meat by itself doesn't merit the drive or the 4*s. It's the combination of a quality restaurant experience doing just about everything well that collectively makes it a success. I'd be proud if it was mine, and knowing the owners aren't much older puts that in perspective for me. So give it a whirl if you're rollin in the LC. ....you're crazy for this one Rick.....
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2009,8/2/2010,556,161,7,13,9>I was tottering between 3 and 4 stars, but then I started weighing the goods and bads of the place, and heck, it's the Holidays.I went to meet up a couple friends there at around 2 AM on a Saturday, wondering how I'd never heard of Little Bigs after all my late-night food research. So, we arrive and the place was good and bustling and there were plenty of people eating.Their menu is ridiculously uncomplicated, consisting of 3 different sliders: meat, chicken, or vegetarian (bean), 4-minute fries, and some drinks. I wanted a little of everything so I got all 3 sliders for about 6 bucks altogether, and the 4 minute fries for a bit under 2 dollars. Condiments are self-serve so I got a huge pile of shredded lettuce to make myself a salad with "home-made french dressing" (whatever don't judge me!). The fries were just how I like them, crunchy and burnt on the edges, yet still soft. It's hard to explain, just don't pass the fries up. They're a huge portion and easily sharable. And the burgers were well sized for sliders.I took a bite into what I thought was the beef slider. I was so surprised at how flavorful, delicious, and melt in-your-mouth it was, then I realized, it was the BEAN burger! They tricked me. I put it down to find the actual beef slider. I was slightly disappointed because it wasn't nearly as juicy or as I'd hoped and the stack of caramelized onions really overpowered the meat. I tried out the chicken slider, and keep in mind, I don't like chicken, but it was so good. Very crunchy outside, juicy and tasty inside. I said, "This makes Chick-Fil-A look like crap," and all my friends gave me a crazy, evil stare, but I didn't care.I almost wanted to give the place 3 stars because I didn't like the beef slider, the buns are really so-so, and the cashier made me feel sort of awkward... but then I remembered that in the middle of eating... "Don't Stop Believin'" by Journey started cranking out in the juke box, and everyone in the restaurant started singing quite loudly. It was the most amazing thing you've ever seen. Any restaurant where you can bust out into full song is good in my book. That alone, deserves a star.
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2009,8/1/2010,117,256,4,11,9>I asked my 65 year old Japanese sensei where she'll eat sushi in Houston and after hemming and hawing (she clearly didn't want to give away her haunt), she hinted that it was on San Felipe and named a couple of the nearby cross-streets. That was all she'd say. Then she explained that she will not eat at sushi places that don't follow Japanese standard practice in the keeping and preparation of their fish. This means that when fish is not actively being worked on it must be covered- she said uncovered fish changes flavor and rapidly loses freshness. Just sitting on ice is not good enough. She also said that she assesses fish quality carefully before accepting sushi somewhere. So after some sleuthing I realized this was the right place. The kimono clad staff are actually Japanese and the menu contains a comforting combination of traditional Japanese dishes, including, of course, sushi. (And Katsudon! and Udon!) There is nothing gimmicky going on here (except perhaps the saketini concession on the drink menu), and everything is expertly prepared. Well, expertly prepared for the U.S. anyway (no offense to us). The staff are friendly, the miso soup is oishii and there are enough vegetarian maki rolls and dishes to keep me happy. I recommend the avocado-asparagus. Ginza seems to have a bunch of regulars here, all of whom were greeted like family. And they know how to make a cup of green tea! My only regret- trying the nato rolls again. Oh nato beans, you are truly a foul thing. The server even asked me if I was sure I wanted them.... I should have remembered better the last time I ventured to order nato. Anyway, if you ever ask me where to get sushi in Houston, I'll be less vague than my teacher and send you straight here. (I deducted one star simply because I didn't order the best things last night and have had tastier veggie maki- but expect to give it back next time I visit.)
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2010,7/31/2010,119,124,12,14,13>Watch the dust as I run past you like the roadrunner blazes past all of the coyote's plans to catch him. Ok I'm not fast at all; my pace is slow and steady like the tortoise or a slug. This run is a 5k through around the Rice University which is a dirt path. During your run you will encounter the following:Nice oak trees (providing much needed shade, you suck HEAT)Elegant homesThe light rail and trainBusiness buildings Farmers marketEye candy for both sexes (weeeeeeeeeeeeee for the women =P!)Remember that if you don't finish the run before 7 ish there won't be any free food left. I've achieved the 10+ time mark. Now I wonder what I'll get when I do it 30 times.
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2009,7/30/2010,2,225,6,10,9>Disclaimer: this was our anniversary celebration meal, and we went a bit more all out than we usually might, so there's a lot to cover, here. This is one of those classic Houston "why are you in a strip mall" restaurants. The good news is, as soon as you are through the big, heavy, wooden doors, you forget it is in a strip mall. The ambience is really charming. It is -not- that bizarre mix of contemporary chic and "old school class" that way too many places at this price point try to play (which in my opinion never works). They work the old school angle pretty across the board, and with the exception of managing to avoid the over-wrought dark wood paneling, every booth seems like a private, corner table, I can barely see my food thing that so many old school places seem to slide into (a good thing to avoid), they pull off old school very well. They even have the classic, not wonderfully well rendered, pastoral mural on one wall -- a vineyard scene at harvest, in this case. The one exception to the old school thing was the stemware, all of which was beyond enormous and strangely angular. But somehow, it worked. We were seated, and presented with nothing but a wine list, at first. Well, and a small plate of crustini bruschetta which was expertly prepared. In spite of the celebratory nature of our evening, Liz wasn't up for the commitment that choosing a bottle represented, so she opted for a glass, and I had a delightful Armagnac served in a truly unique stem (very long stem, very small bowl). Liz says that the Italian Pinot Noir that our waiter recommended was very good. After our drinks arrived and we had sipped them, the waiter asked if we were ready to see menus, or not. This is a question I had never been asked before, and I have to say, had I been expecting, when I arrived, to not be rushed into decisions and ordering, I'd have been very happy with the change of pace. But it was a tiny bit confusing, given how unusual this is. After a lot of indecisive himing and hawing on my part (because everything sounded marvelous), I decided to have a seafood entree and skip the calamari appetizer (a personal favorite), and started with a soup, instead. Their Tuscan style cannellini bean soup is better than my own, which is saying something. It is one of those dishes that you wish you had more of, but at the same time, you're trying not to fill up before the real show begins. I have to confess that I didn't read the description of the linguini fruita de mare before ordering it. So I was a bit taken aback when it arrived served in a spicy red sauce. I'm accustomed to this dish being a white wine sauce. That being said, this variant was well balanced, nothing was overpowered, the fresh rosemary somehow managed to infuse the whole dish without once encountering a single needle of it in my mouth. Baby octopus, scallops, shrimp, calamari rings and mussels. We both followed up with their creme brulee and fresh fruit. This is my only criticism for the whole evening. The sugar on top was not sufficiently caramelized or crunchy on my portion. That being said, the custard was wonderfully firm and the fruit was plump and fresh. The armagnac (Larressingle VSOP) was not one with which I was familiar, but was that marvelous balance of oak, smoke, fruit and acid that makes fine brandies such a perfect spirit. If you're only going to have one Armagnac on your list, this is a good one to have. As an aside, these were neither the kind of typical neauvou portions that make you wish you could afford four courses, nor were they stereotypical red sauce joint portions that make you feel like you're somehow taking home more left overs than you actually managed to eat. We both finished all three of our courses without effort, and we rarely order this way. We're usually the kinds of penny pinchers who order a drink and an entree, nothing more. So don't go in expecting a pound of pasta, but don't be afraid to order courses, you won't be rolling home. Again, similar to our experience at the beginning of the meal, they were clearly content to let us sit at the table and chat as long as we cared to when we were finished. This eventually became a bit comedic, with the two of us cracking jokes about to what level we would have to escalate our antics before they "cordially invited us to continue our evening somewhere else". On the one hand, it is nice to not be rushed, on the other, at some point, how do you know how to politely indicate you want your check? A live saxophonist began around 7:30 from the bar area which made it the perfect volume for the dining room. Unfortunately, he went into that one jazz saxophone song that they all seem to inevitably do, and not do very well, just as we were leaving, and it is now the 10 pound ear worm that will prevent me from sleeping. The staff were the perfect balance of attentive and discreet. Aside from some cultural barriers that next time I'll enjoy instead of fretting, a 10/10.
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2010,7/28/2010,466,956,8,11,11>Have you ever wondered where all the 20 to thirty somethings are on Thursdays from 7-10pm?? Well, they are at Spjst Lodge trying to win some loot!!!  The atmosphere is pretty fun, everybody is just there for a great time and the occassional opportunity to Yell "BINGO!!" or to giggle at the announcer when calling the number 69. I do recommend you get there early because parking seems to be an issue after 7.The crowd is very mixed, but I really think the younger crowd outnumbered the senior citizens by a few dozens. It is only $5 for the night and you get to play about 12 games. You can buy a marker for $1 and use it for about a year!! (haha, I still have it in my purse!). They also have a few games where you can pay an extra dollar and get an extra sheet. The prizes were mostly $100 (minus tax), there were two for $250 and one for $500 (details scape me right now, but you get the point!).The announcer was very funny (not sure it was on purpose), it definitely was entertaining. They have beer, which seems to be very popular. They have some food too. I  had a cheeseburger and it was good. It cost $2.25, which is definitely cheap. I had what I believe to be a piece of a blueberry cake... or was it??! regardless of what it was, it was good! You can bring your own alcoholic beverages if you choose to, per the "older" lady wearing the pink hat. I loved it!! I never knew one could have such a great time "almost winning!!" lol!! I am eternally grateful to the amazing Edgar V. for letting me know about this place. I can't remember all the details since I was there a few weeks ago, But, worry not, I shall be back soon!
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2010,7/27/2010,152,164,11,15,14>Pacman! Centipede! Super Mario Bros! Galaga! Air hockey, skee-ball, and pinball machines galore...oh I could just go on and on about the JOY of Joystix. I really don't know what delayed my visit to this place, as I first heard about it years ago. It was brought up in conversation three times in the past month. So, when some coworkers mentioned going this past weekend for Pacman Fever Friday (first and last Friday of every month) I knew it was time. You purchase your $15 wristband at the adjoined bar/lounge next door which allows you free range to all games that night. We were like kids in a candy store running from this machine to another. I cannot tell you how many gasps and "Ohmygod I haven't seen this in forever" I heard that night. I can tell you I wooped some serious ass at Elvira pinball. Because you can play and drink, it is similar to Dave & Busters/Jillians (RIP) but lacks the crappy bar food...and is slightly more rough around its edges. I like this. Be sure to bring cash for parking in the lot or if you're lucky like me you can find a free spot to parallel park. They even have a photobooth in the bar/lounge, which always makes me happy.
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2009,7/26/2010,160,218,15,15,13>This place is damn authentic so it deserves a review in Spanish.Este lugar estuvo muy bueno. Los chilaquiles eran muy autenticos y pican mucho! Perfecto! La torta de desayuno tiene queso, frijoles, chorizo, y huevo. De lo mejor que e comido. De veras lo mejor para desayuno mexicano que e comido en Houston. Una ultima nota. El cafe aqui era tan bueno que me compre una bolsa que vendian ahi Y me hize una copa en mi casa que tambien era muy buena. Palabra.Translation:This place was very good. The chilaquiles were very authentic and were very spicy which was awesome. The breakfast torta has cheese, beans, chorizo, and egg. Truely the best thing for Mexican breakfast than I have eaten in Houston. The coffee was awesome, it had a cinnamon taste that was really good, I ended up buying a bag of their coffee grinds and made some at home, it was just as good. Word.Return customer. Frequently.
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2010,7/25/2010,99,168,9,8,6>I selfishly debated writing this review, as I want to keep this place all to myself. However, they say when you love something, you have to set them free...so let's do this. First and foremost, Petrol Station Coffeehouse (PSC) is HANDS DOWN the BEST SMELLING BAR in town! Sipping on flavorful Agave Wheat beer while taking in the aromas of fresh coffee is a beautiful thing. PSC feels as though it was the result of some guy who stumbled upon an abandoned gas station and fell into a little bit of money all in the same week. He took these two isolated incidents as a sign to make major moves. He proceeded to quit his painful office job, purchased the gas station, gutted it, painted it, threw in a bar, tables, and some taps and then said "From this day forward, my sole purpose in life will be to provide fantastic beer and ridiculous burgers for Houstonians who just want to chill.". And Houston Yelpers said "This is good." Thus, Petrol Station Coffeehouse was born and the rest his history. But seriously, I came here on Friday night for the first time. My friends and I just ordered beer, but drooled over the menu. The joint is small, so it's best to keep your posse to a minimum. I didn't get to check out the outdoor area, but now that it's warming up - COUNT ME IN.Bottom Line: PSC has a great vibe, great beers, and I can't wait to return.
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2010,7/24/2010,269,274,8,18,14>Sergio S. and I have a couple things in common, our affinity for burgers and tacos. Thank you Yelp for bringing two kindred spirits together in our burger and taco adventures. Because of this, there are others on Yelp we follow closely, Albert N. aka "the burger czar" is one of those Yelpers. Albert had written a glowing review for the burger at Beaver's, and when I saw it come across I immediately contacted Sergio. He had noticed the review to and we agreed, if Albert gave it 5 stars we must give it a try. I have read the menu description of the burger many times , but Beaver's Blackboard is always calling out to me. It's basically the fresh catch of the day from the Gulf prepared by Chef Jones using inspired local ingredients. But now back to The Beaver Burger, ground sirloin mixed with bits of bacon and brisket. That's right, the bacon is IN the beef patty, along with bits of brisket. So a special beef patty like that you know it's hand formed. It came out perfect, medium rare, crispy on the outside edges topped of with White Texas Cheddar. The burger is served open face, bibb lettuce, onion, tomato, and house made pickles on one bun and the patty and cheese on the bottom bun. This allows you to build it yourself. Every bite of this burger was juicy and with the bacon and brisket cooked into the patty it was loaded with flavor. It did not disappoint. It looks like I should pay more attention to what's on the menu at Beaver's.
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2009,7/23/2010,40,160,3,12,6>I went to the Bayou City Farmer's Market with about 15 knives and a pair of scissors to get them sharpened by Steve Borne, who owns and operates Help My Knife.   He was right there, set up and ready to go.  Pricing is (subject to change, of course) $.75/inch.  All of my knives and scissors were about $60.00 to get sharpened and they are now sharper than they were when I bought them.  The scissors are perfect.He is at the Bayou City Market each Saturday, but, as his name says, it is a mobile service.  Call him and he will come for you.  I am sure there is a surcharge for that (or should be!), but you can count on him being there on Saturdays.Now that I know, I will always have knives that are as sharp as my tongue!
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2009,7/22/2010,156,216,4,8,7>"It smells delicious and they give you extra napkins right away!" - MomNot only that but it's clean too! Looking on the walls you see the blue ribbon award all over saying kitchen cleanliness since 1983! Crazy!My dad lived in NJ and New York growing up and he talked about the memories these babies brought up. I was in New York last month and being back here I was a bit depressed because I thought there were no places to eat like NY. This place has solved my problem and has fixed my food depression.  This place is packed, busy, crowded and a little loud. It couldn't be a better atmosphere! It goes perfectly with the idea of a New York place to eat and leaving my family and friends could not resist the temptation of buying a dozen bagels to last a few days.  I thought that it was nice of them to give us freezer bags for free when we bought the bagels even though I don't think they will be needed.At the end of the day, everyone who went to that place is still thinking about how awesome our breakfast was and that it started our day off perfectly.
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2009,7/21/2010,115,362,10,13,14>Burger joint nomenclature can be a bit confusing. Some places want to convey the grandeur and superiority of their offerings, while others want to subtly understate the greatness of their fare. But that might leave you to wonder, why would I want to go to the Texas Burger Shack, when I could go to the Texas Hamburger PALACE? Why would I want to eat just Someburger, when I could have a MYTI burger? Well, the proof, as they say, is in the patty. Ok, nobody says that. But they should.The Someburger Hamburger Stand at 11th and Studewood is no bigger than a boxcar, but they put out burgers with big taste. A thin patty cooked on a flat griddle comes out hot and juicy on a gently toasted bun with mustard or mayo, add your own ketchup, and lettuce, tomato, pickle, and onion. The fries are soft and potatoey yet crispy on the outside, and salted to perfection. All this and a drink ran me $6.50, and a burger by itself is around 3 bucks and change. But don't forget a delicious chocolate shake to go along with your burger stand feast, and don't forget your cash, because they don't take cards.There might be a bit of a line around lunch time, and it can take a little while making your burger to order, but if you call ahead your burger will be ready when you get there, and you'll see that this isn't just any burger, this is SOMEburger.
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2009,7/20/2010,273,77,3,11,8>I think I have found my new favorite sushi restaurant! Popped in here last Monday with fellow yelper Gaby D after work to get my sushi on...  Happy hour is  5pm to 7pm daily,  Sunday 5-10pm and don't forget reverse happy hour Friday and Saturday 12am to 2am!I'd say happy hour is the way to go here with all nigiri costing you $1.50 per piece.  On Monday they have a deal where you can mix and match the New York, Boston, California, Texas & Philadelphia Roll $1 per piece, minimum 6 pieces.  So I got one of each and doubled up on the Boston Roll.  All were excellent and pretty large pieces, with the Texas (it had a jalapeño slice on top and beef inside!)  and New York (unagi!) being my 2 faves!The miso soup was a little too salty for me, but it was a nice big portion and contained mushrooms.  My choices for nigiri: 1 Yellow Fin Tuna (Maguro), 1 Albacore White Tuna (Shrio Maguro), 2 Fresh Salmon (Sake), 1 Yellow Tail (Hamachi) and 1 Escolar.  Boy oh boy, each piece literally melted in my mouth like buttahhh.... Fresh sushi just rocks and I was a very happy camper Monday night!  I added an order of pork gyoza dumplings, which were absolutely delicate and delish too and served with spicy watercress in a cone.  For dessert I split an order of the fried banana wontons (dusted with cinnamon) and served with a scoop of really high quality chocolate ice cream.  This feast (and I pretty much eat as if I'm a prego lady) set me back $29 (tip not included) but I left extremely satisfied. The restaurant has a really nice streamlined fancy look -black and white.  I'll be back next Monday and I plan to use my $20 off coupon (for an order of $50 or more) that I received by signing up for their private E-club.  I'll probably give one of their specialty rolls a whirl...Thanks Crave for serving up super fresh fish!
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2010,7/19/2010,45,78,11,12,11>So a bunch of my friends have planned to go star gazing to George observatory. I love to watch the stars and planets that we get to see with the naked eye up close on a telescope. . OK...trivia question...how do you tell the difference between a star and a planet? read on. So the picnic starts at 5pm and I am irritated. The weather was awful and i was sweating. I wonder whose idea it was to go to this park at 5pm. I reach there and pay the $5 entry fee and drive to the camp grounds to meet up with my friends. Fair warning: once you get off 59 you think you're almost there...but the road twists so much that it takes a while to get to the actual picnic spot. so...we all gather on at the picnic area near the observatory and have a picnic. So the first surprise for me is that how the trees give it so much shade and that makes the weather a few degrees cooler. It was really pleasant. Also it had rained a little and that added to the coolness of the weather. Now this is my first time here and one of my friends offers to walk with me around the lake on the trail. I am not a big fan of hiking but this trail is different. I got to see alligators, egrets, cormorants,  swans and other animal species all along the trail. The trail itself takes about 45 mins to complete on a paced walk. No worries there are plenty of others taking the trail around the lake and it was cool. There were some alligators on the bank and hence only a few feet away from the trail. BTW..there are a lot of bushes all around and you might be tempted to do something naughty there. DON'T!...there are alligators where you don't see them and I don't want you to lose one of your appendages. Over all though a very enjoyable walk.The George observatory was phenomenal. But the part I enjoyed was the telescopes in the patio that were trained on different objects like Venus and the nebula in Orion, Polaris and the big dipper etc. These guys have these green laser pointers that shoot beams to the sky and thats a sight to behold all by itself. Overall a very fun experience. Definitely a family spot. As a date spot I think that this would be a fun place if you're going on a group date and picnic. Its a little out there and the beach would be a  better option. Oh yea...stars twinkle.
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2009,7/18/2010,113,62,11,16,8>It seems, sometimes, as if MOT is the red-headed stepchild of the arts.  You know, like Rodney Dangerfield - it gets no respect.  I can't tell you how many times I've told friends about the FREE, high quality shows at this place, only to have them snub MOT since they believe it to be subpar to the Theater District.  Au contraire!  Every single time I've been here, I've been amazed at the fine talent of the performers, the great sound quality, the costumes, the lighting, everything.  And it's all FREE, plus you can bring your own tasty treats and delicious drinks - you can't do THAT in the theater district.  I just wish they didn't close for the winter...Houston doesn't have a real winter.  Wimps.  I won't go into the description of the place since it's been covered elsewhere.  Instead, I'll impart a pearl of wisdom concerning the grassy hill after a good rain.  Many people don't like to go sit on wet grass and take in a show so they'll opt out of the show.  NO MORE!  Here's what you do...go to the dollar store or Walmart and buy a cheap shower liner.  It's a good size for about 2 or 3 people, maybe more if you cuddle.  Spread it out, place your blanket it on top and PRESTO it'll keep your tush and blanket dry.  I know, amazing.  What can I say?  I'm a genious.On a side note, this is my first 5-star review.  Somehow I always thought that honor would go to a dessert place.  :-D
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2010,7/17/2010,124,160,16,23,17>Chiropractor - One who cracks your bones whether your pain is due to stress, injury, hypochondria, etc...I had a crick in my neck for DAYS.  I got it from "accidentally" falling asleep on the couch and a peculiar position.  Beer may or may not have been involved.  My plan was:plan A) go to Texas Chiropractic College and let a student crack me up.  They charge $100 some odd dollars for the initial exam, plus $5 or so for the actual "procedure".plan B) check out my options on yelp.  I found Core through Yelp, they had 2 reviews both 5 star but even better...their special was listed as, "mention Yelp and get the initial consultation, exam, and X-RAYS for $20."  X-rays too.  That's crazy talk.  Their website was super easy to use.  I called on Thursday but they have goofy office hours and weren't open when I called.  BUT, on the website, without having to have a user name or anything and with one click of the button I set an appointment for 10:30 Friday morning.  Whatever program they are using should be bought by EVERY single dr's office in this city.  I walked in at 10:25 and the receptionist said, "you must be Mrs. Blair".  After having filled out the obligatory, and thankfully minimal paperwork I was in the exam room with the wonderful and personable Dr. Cordova.  (I am talking about the male Dr. Cordova, not the female by-the-way.)  He asked me extensive, probing questions and decided that x-rays that were not necessary.  We bonded over the punk rock band The Descendants and All.  Then we switched rooms and he proceeded to crack my bones.  This was my first time to visit a chiropractor.  The bone cracking part was interesting.  The neck cracking part is super startling.  After I was all cracked up he put some electrodes on my back.My entire experience was quick and pleasant.  When I was done I went to the receptionist to check out.  My bill was very low.  It was worth every penny.  I never thought I would be the type of person who would see a chiropractor, but I am so glad I did.My neck feels much better, thanks for asking.
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2009,7/16/2010,15,18,10,12,12>I really enjoyed my visit to Boheme. Very cool atmosphere, I like Cafe/ Wine Bar combinations it gives the place a more relaxed aura, basically you aren't constantly interrupted by the annoyance of a waiter wondering if you are going to order something more than just a coffee. The staff was very nice. The bartender had his own iPod plugged in and was playing Radiohead when we first went in and then took my mom's suggestion of playing some Lenny Kravitz for me, so that was a definite thumbs up for me. I love music. They had free wifi, which seems so hard to find these days, with many outlets around the cafe. And something that I also liked was the fact that I was offered a refill on my Latte...saaaaayyyy what S-bucks? Yes they were not going to charge my yet another full price for something I had already been drinking. All in all it was a great experience coinciding with my first great official Yelp experience!
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2010,7/15/2010,386,171,19,18,20>What's this madness?! A Thai restaurant willing to give the thinnest, palest Caucasian woman who ever thinned, paled, and Caucasianed the hottest available level of spice?! O truly Baron von WASP has not followed me downtown from his hovel in The Woodlands!Since this relatively new Nit Noi Cafe is all of a block away from work, it became - of course - a welcome and new stop for lunch breaks. One that I know I will keep considering, except Round 1 set me back about $11. So while that is actually a reasonable enough price for the middle of downtown Houston during the afternoon, I'm also still trying to buy (not lease!) furniture right now. Saving every little bit I can helps. Once the new place is fully furnished and decorated I'll probably shift my opinions towards an $11 lunch as more of a positive than a prevention. Because this is a Cafe version of Houston's Nit Noi empire, the menu is miniaturized from the one offered at the full-sized restaurants in the area. I ate at the one on 1960 a few years ago and remember being happy with it, so I was hopeful for this location. Every patron receives a small complimentary salad with a lovely ginger vinaigrette, which was a pleasant surprise to start the meal. It wasn't the highlight, though, and there wasn't too much to it beyond lettuce, a few cucumbers, and a couple of carrot shreds. But hey - free salad! And it was fresh! And the ginger vinaigrette was pleasing! So who cares? I was very gracious for the refreshment. A couple of coworkers ordered the Thai tea, which came in glasses so massive I'm not sure they even finished them entirely. Which is great, because many places I've patronized over the years only serve smaller cups of the stuff and charge for refills. With this setup, they got quite a bit of tea without ever having to worry about not having enough to last the meal. Nice. They also let me have a sip, and it was amazing. Pleasingly milky and spicy. Made me regret ordering plain iced tea, but I know what to get next time. My red Curry Hurry was an absolute delight. Even if it DID contain pineapple - a fruit which I quite vocally consider the Antichrist - all I had to do was pawn it off on my poor, unsuspecting dining companions. The bowl contained very generous portions of snap peas, tofu, tomatoes, green beans, basil, eggplant (pineapple's natural enemy and my greatest ally in eliminating it from the planet entirely), and extremely welcome, wonderfully firm chunks of acorn squash. And the chef THANKFULLY didn't take my request for the spiciest available dish possible lightly, either! If I'm not crying, it's not curry. And I cried. So it was definitely curry. My allergies and I were not on speaking terms after that for a while, which is always a plus. The interior is absolutely gorgeous. It sports vaulted ceilings immediately redolent of those found in the crypts of European cathedrals - definitely a look I find extremely attractive and visually appealing. Your mileage may vary, of course. The beautiful interior architecture is juxtaposed with a decidedly modern design that simultaneously elicits an air of homey comfort and artistic flair. Definitely a gorgeous atmosphere for days when I want to dig into a large $6.95 bowl of tom kha gai (which I love and very much want to try here) with a favorite novel by my side.
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2009,7/14/2010,393,766,11,8,10>I can't believe I haven't written a review of this place yet?  Actually, I can since my lame-o life consists of work, school and darts.  And not necessarily in that order.Let's start off with the predictable Cory note: they have dart boards here!  Two of them to be exact, though the tiny space leaves something to be desired.  Nevertheless, some may find this nice and cozy--as long as aim is good and no one gets impaled, we're all happy, right?  Right.There is a jukebox always playing some good tunes, ridiculously friendly bartenders, and games galore.  I challenge anyone to a game of Scrabble.  Anyone.  There's a tiny patio off to the side for those few days of glorious weather that we get in Houston.  I haven't had the food yet, but I know it is pretty cheap so that makes it worth checking out.I have to admit that I was (wrongly) prejudiced about this place for a long time.  Coming from Alaska, we tend to have this strange affinity for making fun of Canadians (wait, people in the Lower 48 do it too?!), so the name just kinda weirded me out.  All I could think about was stinky hockey players and crappy beer.  And now I'm glad to say that I know better.  This is an amazing bar that is a great place to relax after a long day of work with cheap beer, friendly people, and a competitive game of Uno.
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2009,7/13/2010,20,31,5,8,4>A friend and I usually try to find cool new places to eat around Houston and expand our taste buds (total third eye style). My buddy heard about it being reviewed and featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives and so we decided to try it out in between Hell (law school classes). First off, this place is practically in Bosnia with how far you have to drive. It is out on Westheimer but, about, 6-8 miles from the Galleria (feels like longer with the traffic in that area). Be sure you know where you are going because this place is in the back of a strip-mall and you have to keep your eyes out for the signs. We really didn't know what to think, other than what Guy Fieri told us (and lets be honest, how much can you trust Brigitte Nielsen from Rocky IV?), but this place didn't look like a film crew would come out and feature from the outside. When you walk in there is probably about 9-10 tables scattering the small room. We didn't know whether to walk up to the glass (caging in the kitchen) or sit down but a waitress (with a sweet accent) quickly sat us. With paintings of a guy smoking a cigar, complete with a fedora, on the wall and a huge, antique rake likely used by Cane and Abel, I knew I was in for a treat.We ordered hummus to start the meal as an appetizer and my friend ordered the cevap and I ordered the gyro with french fries. Appetizer:The hummus was okay for hummus. It seemed more traditional and you can pick out the distinct flavor of chickpeas but the bread is where it was at. They were like soft pillows that melted in your mouth. I found myself licking my fingers of the flour when I would usually wipe it on my jeans. Seriously, order the hummus just for this bread.Gyro:When they brought the gyro out I was surprised. Having ordered many gyros at other restaurants before, this was the smallest I had ever seen. The meet was sliced like pepperoni (never seen it like that before) but was very tasty, the spices jumped out at you and it was easy to eat (there was no chewing involved it seemed because the meat was so thin, which isn't necessarily a bad thing). The problem I had with the gyro was that it was wrapped so tight that I couldn't insert the onions and every time I wanted more tzatziki sauce I would have to put it on there after each bite. The french fries were just regular, ole' french fries; nothing to write home about. It is sad because the gyro meat was amazing and I was expecting a significant sandwich. Cevap:I tasted one of these little sausages with beef and lamb were very good. I had never had them before and supposedly this was their signature dish. I hope to go back and try other dishes available. Their pizzas looked and smelled amazing on other patron's tables; so much that I wanted to go steal a slice. On this visit I gave them a 4/5 (leaning more towards a 3.5) because the gyro wasn't spectacular and the hummus left much to be desired. The bread was a redeeming factor and the service was good. I think when I go again I am sure to have a better experience now that I know.Oh, and next time I'll be sure to take advantage of their Bring Your Own Beer! My friend and I both agreed that the distance hampers sampling it regularly; maybe once each season? Oh wait, Texas only has two: hot and hot as hell.
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2009,7/12/2010,138,127,2,6,7>So I had driven by the new 19th Street location on my way to my favorite Buffalo Exchange a few times, but had not had the opportunity to dwell in. That is until this past Friday.As part of the 3rd Annual No Holds Barred Chili Cook-off, my team needed a flag. The mister asked me about this months ago, and even as envisioned myself as some hot, hip Betsy Ross, I had zero skills on what to do. Down to crunch time on the Friday-afternoon-before-the-Saturday event, I placed a frantic call into Sew Crafty for some advice.Cool as a cucumber Ruthie answered my call and asked me to come on by so we could sketch my idea and give me a list of supplies I would need for my first "flagventure".Ruthie helped me compile my ideas, and I left armed with a list of what fabric and what extras to buy, then hurried over to my nearest fabric store (also googled and mapped by Ruthie).Over the next few hours, we she watched over me as I stenciled, stitched, glued, ironed and sewed my crazy idea into a reality. I left a few hours later, with a mostly finished product in hand all thanks to the lovely ladies at this amazing shop. Even more amazing, Ruthie only charged me for the "drop in" craft rate of $5. Her expertise, company and guidance alone was worth that 100 times over....And what of the Cook-off you ask? We took home 1st prize!
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2010,7/11/2010,123,317,6,9,9>There are two things that I absolutely love.1. Places downtown2. Unique independent places that are inventiveBombay Pizza is the perfect place.  The owner has found an incredible fusion of two of my favorite foods, and has done so with style.  It starts with the crust: crispy yet not dry, seasoned yet not to salty.  And it would have to be good, because it has to stand up to the inventive ingredients that they put on the pizza.  Never in a million years would I have though to create a pizza with tandoori chicken, crab meat, artichoke hearts, cilantro, mozzarella, provolone and cilantro chutney on a pizza.  But at Bombay Pizza you will find this and much more.And the owner is incredibly nice to boot.Also remember to check out their website to see their slice of the day.
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2010,7/10/2010,196,278,5,15,11>We've lived in the Woodlands for about five years now, and have watched the restaurant here scene steadily grow and improve.  No longer just a sleepy little suburb, the 80,000+ residents of the Woodlands can enjoy dining out at some of the best restaurants in the Houston area.  From high-end establishments like Tesars and Jasper's, to small mom-and-pop restaurants like Eden Cafe, Capri, and Mel's, the Woodlands area has something for everyone.One particular area of interest is pizza.  Houston isn't a great pizza town (Sorry, Star Pizza) and many folks believe the best pizza can be found in the suburbs, particularly Sugar Land and the Woodlands.  You'll find great local spots like Brother's Pizza and Pizza Tonight, and bigger chains like Russo's and the stellar Grimaldi's (from Brooklyn.)We'd been hearing good things about a small pizza place that had quietly opened two locations in the Woodlands.  When one of our trusted sources said that the pizza was worth trying, we headed out to investigate.We drove west from our central Woodlands headquarters to the Sterling Ridge location of Gozzetti's.  Located in the well-hidden Marcel Crossing Shopping Center, Gozzetti's is a small, tidy spot with both indoor and outdoor seating.  We were immediately greeted by the gregarious staff, and we learned a little about their story.Gozzetti's is owned by two families who moved to the Woodlands from New Jersey.  Unable to find the kind of pizza they were accustomed to in their home state, they decided to make their own, using ingredients imported from the East Coast.Gozzetti's formula begins with a thin, hand-tossed crust that's made in-house.  And these crusts are big - a large at Gozzetti's is 24".  (That's not a typo).  Next is the specially blended sauce, spread sparingly, as they do on the east coast.  Above that are a mixture of imported (from NJ) cheeses, and the meat and veggie toppings.The result goes into a conventional conveyor oven.  And what comes out is the reason we're here.  From this unremarkable oven emerges a pizza that's among the best in the Houston area - thin, crunchy/chewy, and loaded with flavor.  Gozzetti's gets the foundation right - the thin, tasty crust, the right amount of tangy sauce, and a rich, gooey cheese layer supports the top quality toppings.  We sampled the traditional pepperoni (large diameter, similar to what they use at Ciao Bello) and the untraditional bacon and pineapple.  All were delicious.We've often bemoaned the lack of great pizza in Houston.  Thanks to places like Gozzetti's and Grimaldi's, you don't have to go far to find great pizza in the Woodlands.  And for you inside-the-loop folks, it's a nice drive out on a sunny day.
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2010,7/9/2010,137,234,10,13,9>imagine that your mouth is on fire from really spicy, delicious salsa. so you take a sip of an ice cold, refreshing glass of the most burning hot, insanely spicy michelada on the planet... and then your whole face explodes. but you dont stop. you do it over, and over again, because it's so delicious, so intensely flavorful, that for this particular beverage, exploding face syndrome is but a mere nuisance, well worth suffering through.  welcome to (bienvenidos a?) las llardas.    excellent, real mexican food and yard long glasses of beer; for cheap.  6 dollars for 3 feet of beer? thats almost 2 dollars per foot of beer!  you cant beat that with... a yard stick!  the restaurant is situated in a typical, seedy strip mall across from an atypical looking whataburger.  its easy to miss, so watch closely. if youre inside the loop, its a bit of a schlep, but the food really is outstanding.  the enchiladas en mole were rich and flavorful, and stuffed with spicy chicken.  the fried quesadillas are out of this world.  the michelada is a must try, but be warned, it is the spiciest drink that exists on the planet.
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2009,7/8/2010,40,161,5,8,7>Now folks.. farmers are endangered species , therefore support your local farmers market. I been wanting to go to this Farmers' Market for forever. Today , I finally made it here. They say everything is big in Texas , well , this isn't the case here. This miniature farmers market is no different than the one in midtown (size wise) with 5 - 6 stalls in total. I went there around 4:00 PM , the vendors looked kind of agitated , I threw few jokes here and there but it didn't work .. I don't blame them , it was REAL HOT AND HUMID today and I felt kind of bad for them ...standing there in extreme heat in a huge parking lot. They had breads (all kinds , from olive to rye) , goat milk (both regular and chocolate) , eggs , veggies etc. The Indian food stall was pretty neat , the guy there kept on giving me samples to the point I forced myself to say no. The food was pretty interesting , stuffed spinach naan, pickled chicken curry ..nice.. Ok , so this what I bought. I bought 2 peaches , 2 pears , cherry tomatoes , cucumbers and basil infused vinegar (a tiny bottle for $9..hmmph). I just tried the peaches I got and I am kicking myself for not buying more , they were absolutely AMAZING and no way near the store bought. A little advice. Bring cash and a bag to carry your produce.
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2009,7/7/2010,53,60,6,15,9>They had me hooked at first taste... and this is supposed to be healthy food!? From the first time I walked in (and every time after) I was greeted by a ridiculously friendly staff - some happy drugs have to be in the food I thought. I came in after my personal trainer recommended their "21 day challenge" as a good idea for the nutrition portion while I was involved in the training sessions. I thought 'why not? I'll give it a shot' so I walked into the shop to talk to some people and immediately was given a free meal to try after being asked if I was hungry. "Yes I am"... "Here try the Lean Lemon Turkey lunch" (and they even gave me a free "Killuh Chili" dinner to go - although it was b/c apparently the meal had slightly spilt)... both were very good and tasted like they should probably be bad for me nutrition wise. This past weekend I wrapped up their vaunted "21 day challenge" and in summary, I found it to be a decent value but didn't finish with the level of results I had wanted / expected, thou did achieve the "feeling better overall" thing and reduction of body fat % along with my workout routine. Perhaps I was expecting unrealistic results? I dunno, but I followed all three weeks per their recommendations and felt that I was probably slightly under-eating calorie wise taking into account my daily workout routine. I think for the price, it's not bad... my daily cost turned out to be around $30/day which included "medium sized" breakfast, lunch, dinner, and two snack meals. Previously I tended to have a cereal bar for breakfast, eat out for lunch (~$10), eat out for dinner (~$15), and bought fruits / other relatively healthy items for snacking throughout the day.... I wasn't horrible nutrition wise, but I knew that timing and portion control was holding me back and I wanted to use this place as a way to 'get me on track' - which it has done well even after the fact... atleast for the time being. It doesn't hurt that they offer some very tasty options, but some of the items did get very redundant. My biggest issues: - EVERY chicken meal option has a similar taste as it's the same freaking seasoned chicken (not bad taste or quality) but jebus some variety would be nice so there isn't meal boredom. - the staff messed up on some of my pre-order means, sometimes giving me a small size meals in place of medium, sometimes giving me incorrect meals (but this is almost a non-issue since whenever something like this happened, they were quick to fix, refund, or charge me for only the smaller size but swapping out with mediums) - Parking sucks! But the employees usually come out to drop off your purchases and it helps expedite the flow of traffic in the tiny lot along with increasing customer satisfaction. I am currently continuing getting breakfast from them as they are reasonably price IMO and it's good to have something to go in the morning when you wake up instead of having to prepare anything. I will probably pick up some of my favorite lunch options from time to time as well, however their 'low carb' meal options left more to be desired. Overall 4 star for the quality, taste, 'good' nutrition value of the food; friendly staff; and variety.
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2009,7/6/2010,274,156,7,13,8>Best Banh Mi within walking distance!Les Givrals is a little too black granite and Pho Saigon isn't quite the former Pho Cong Ly.  And neither of these midtown restaurants is within a block of where I work at University of Houston.Hoang's is conveniently located off of Elgin & Scott and serve great banh mi sandwiches and very nice pho.  Their bread is delicious and their ingredients are very fresh.  Linh & Dennis have covered the other sandwiches, so I'll simply recommend the "Ham" which reminds you of the red rimmed roast pork found in many asian restaurants, very tasty, but a little fatty in a european way (2.35).I recently tried a pho dish that I would describe as beef & rice noodles with chili & lemongrass(6.00).  This spicy, lemony soup is served with tasty shredded cabbage along with the usual pho accompaniment.  This is a classic, "I've got to get over my cold" dish.While I haven't tried everything, Hoang Sandwiches just comes across as a restaurant that does everything as well as they can.  It's a clean, well run cafe.  The family that runs the place is very friendly.  They are genuinely happy to see their customers.I never have to convince my coworkers to skip last night leftovers and head down the street.  Cougars, young and old, love coming here (yes I said it:  Cougars).Tip:  Try the spring rolls(2 for 2.35) and the egg rolls (.50 each).
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2009,7/5/2010,19,44,3,5,6>This might be my new favorite place. The fries are outstanding, the ambiance is great - somewhere between a bar and a coffee shop. This place also serves great food - everything tastes stupid fresh. The make this yummy Feta Fire dip that is not quite firey but definately zippy and very very feta-y! And it's never crowded, at least when we've been there! And there's nowhere else I'd rather watch the sun set over downtown - OMG! It's beautiful!Go - have a Mythos, chill out and watch the sun set while waiting on your scrumptious gyro and fries! You won't be sorry!
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2009,7/4/2010,171,66,,13,8>For years, friends and I would make Twelve Spot one of the last stops on our traditional Tuesday night out after trivia and I've been sad since it closed that this space has remained unoccupied.  A few weeks back, though, I was driving by and happened to see that it was now inhabited and my burning need to check out Hearsay was born.A few friends and I wandered down there a couple of Thursdays after starting off at Sambuca around 11:00.  We didn't know it to begin with, but they close at 12:00 during the week.The bar, one of my favorite spaces in downtown, is just as gorgeous as it used to be with the high ceilings, beautiful mirrors, and gorgeous lighting.  There's still an upstairs area though, sadly, the make-out room underneath the stairs is now a cooler since they serve food.The two bartenders - Jessica and Joe - and the floor manager (at least I think he was the manager) Britain were just as nice as could be.  They remixed my drink when I mentioned that it could use a touch more alcohol, gave us shots for my "birthday," and let us stay after closing as we talked and finished up our beverages.  Joe even sliced me an apple to eat when I saw that they had Granny Smiths (my favorites) and asked for one.We'd already had dinner, so I didn't get a chance to try out the food, but the menu looked delicious.  I'm going to make it a point to get there early and try both the burger and the mac and cheese.  If it's as half as good as the pictures look, it's going to be delectable.Honestly, I haven't been this excited about a new bar in quite some time and can't wait to go back.  I'm kind of sad my calendar is so busy in December that it's making getting over here difficult!
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2009,7/3/2010,106,104,5,12,9>After having lived for a few years in Japan, I was heart-broken at having to eat "sushi" and "Japanese food." (Read: dried out raw fish and teriyaki sauce dumped on anything.) That was before a Nippon waiter was a TA in one of my classes. Seriously, if you'd like a taste of REAL Japanese food, Nippon is the place to go. Donburi (rice bowls), ramen the way it's supposed to be, curry! You can't imagine how often I end up eating dinner there.When you go, always ask what the specials are that evening, or at least ask for suggestions. There's almost always something delicious off-menu.Be a little adventurous and stay away from the tourist stuff like sushi and teriyaki. You'll be pleasantly surprised.
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2010,7/2/2010,100,190,6,8,9>Great inexpensive show with a lot of awesome bands. Saturday was perfect. The rain on Sunday was terrible until it stopped... then it was as David N. puts it, "epic". I'm not one to typically want to have my feet and legs covered in mud but it really made it an experience to remember. The Flaming Lips, Ra Ra Riot, Stars, and Girl Talk were fantastic and so was the $5 Dos Equis. Seriously, you can't beat Summerfest for a cheap concert festival.
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2010,7/1/2010,63,98,9,11,9>I have the musical taste of a 14 year old and not even the cool emo kind. I prefer Beyonce to Beethoven. Conversely my husband, though of identical chronological age to me, has the musical taste of the AARP set. The hubby listens to classical music constantly so I thought a nice Christmas present would be to buy him tickets to the Houston Symphony. I suppressed a yawn and clicked the buy button on the symphony website. Silently telling myself that he really "owes me for this". The performance at Jones Hall was a Pops concert (c'mon I couldn't go ALL the way) featuring the music of composer John Williams. My conclusion: The Houston Symphony is brilliant. We are so lucky to have world class musicians in our city. While they haven't prevented me from hastily switching the station when KUHF goes from news to classical, I respect the genre more and am more willingly to attend a performance at Jones Hall, Miller Outdoor Theater, or Discovery Green. The symphony itself is 5 star, but the business side is a 3. After my one online purchase, they bombarded me with pushy phone calls, emails, and fliers begging me to buy again. I get that these are rough economic times for the arts, but this type of promotion makes me want to buy the tickets even less.
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2009,6/30/2010,251,713,14,16,14>"Whoa oh oh ohWhoa ohWhoa ohYou think you're a zombie, you think it's a sceneFrom some monster magazieWell, open you eyes to itThis ain't no fantasy, boy."-Misfits "Night of the Living Dead" (Continuously playing in my head for two days after my stop at Ray's Franks)Yes, there were pictures of Elsa Lanchester and Boris Karloff in character on the walls.  Yes, the names of all menu items were B-List Horror Movie caliber.  But...why no Misfits?  (I'm referring to the good Misfits, the Glenn Danzig years.)  How apropos for this hot dog place.  Old building.  Mildly sketchy part of town.  Artist studios everywhere.  Could possibly run into Thriller on one of the side streets.  Hotdog/tongue in cheek campiness.  Perfect Misfits fodder...or at least perfect for a stylish silent horror flick playing on a screen or wall.I devoured the ChupaCabra.  Well, technically, I stabbed and sawed it to bits with my fork and knife.  It was great overall, but there were also a few icks that I will mostly overlook since they are relatively new:  *The bun.  It was too dry and bready.  I got the fork and knife so I wouldn't have to mess with the bun.  *The printed menu is slightly different from the chalk board menu.  It's actually a spicy dog.  It's then topped with goat cheese, roasted peppers, and pickled jalapenos.  Good, but I think it would have been better with grilled jalapenos instead.  *After a half bite I realized my dog was cold.  Not ice, but certainly cooler than the outside temperature.  As I was part of a larger group, I let it go.I'll be back soon.  There are about six other dogs I want to try...also, who could turn down Pinhead cake?  Just a note: I may have drunk the "oh, it's a hotdog shop!" Kool-aid, but I really like the concept and ingredients.  My experience was great, despite my hotdog issues.
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2010,6/29/2010,158,402,27,13,12>*** walks into the Confessional booth ***"Dear Father of Yelp.... it's been 3 weeks since my last confession or review... I've been such a loyal yelp servant, reviewing things for the higher good, but I have sinned.... I've fallen in love with someon..... errr.... Something.....""what is this.... thing that strikes your ire so son?""It's this Pizza father... it was the most amazing invention on flat bread that called itself a pizza that passed across my lips father, once I smelled her fragrant pear aroma and peppery arugula undertones I know it was a problem... then my lips touched her and it was over... I have sinned father... I am in love with another pizza.... ""Oh it's okay son... it's a moment of weakness... we all have these....""No Father. I feel like indulging upon every visit, I long for the smell of truffle oil lingering and the cheese?? I need intervention, I need forgiveness... one should not lust so... it's a sin!""yea Dolce Vita does have good pizzas... do a few Hail Mary's and visit there often.  the Neapolitan Pizzas are great... As soon as I take the Boys Choir to bed... I think I will foot over to have one of those.... *face palms* "but father!!! Nooooo!"
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2010,6/28/2010,25,138,7,9,7>In the past there have been times I found myself stuck at sea or trapped in a laboratory with hair so long it literally drove me mad.  Old solution: make a ponytail and hack.  But I now have a bona fide "normal" job and people at work have fancy hair and are entirely free of scurvy.  New Solution: go to Stacey at Studio 31.  Generally speaking, I hate getting my hair cut.  Luckily, Stacey was rad and I didn't  feel the usual discomfort of forcibly awkward conversation.  My hair is exactly how I wanted it, which is frankly a tad supernatural given the limited artistic direction I provided.    I even took advantage of a 15% off Yelp discount.  It was a good day.
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,6/27/2010,151,258,11,9,9>This is not a place for indecisive people. It took me forever to figure out what to paint since you have a ton of options (cups with handles, cups without handles, small cups, tall cups, little plates, big plates, small bowls, big bowls...) and you get a piece of paper where you write down what color paints you want (this took even longer trying to figure out what colors i wanted my mug to be) and finally after this long & tedious process....I managed to create the ugliest mug I have ever seen. However, this is completely my fault and not mad potter's fault. Mad potter is actually a really fun place to hang out and have fun. There ared eals every month so definitely check their events calendar. This place is a great if you want to make a custom gift for someone. You paint and come back a few days later to pick up whatever you made after it's been fired and glazed. My mug is so ugly that I can't bring myself to pick it up. Next time I'll know not to paint dots because dots drip and you end up with a pink mug (I don't even like pink!) with a bunch of dripping dots all over.
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2010,6/26/2010,123,175,10,7,7>Smart of the Angelika to separate themselves from their comp by playing select films unavailable to any other theatre in the city, & Houston's got a lot of theatres.WARNING!! i have wasted money watching crap-movies, having been hooked by the reviews and show topics. Ever seen 'Happy Go Lucky'? If so, you feel my payn. Always expect a strange veriety here. Nonetheless, you cant judge the theatre by it's showings, right? Even if you watch a bum film you atleast watch it with great sound quality (muffles the sound of contagious yawning), spacious stadium seating (so no afro's or bad wigs get in your way), and clear projection screens (in case it's actually a good movie). Located Downtown there are plenty of places to eat other than here. Like 6 duckets for nachos, whaaat? i remember when Momma would  sneak hot sodas and candy into the theatre to avoid paying their prices for it. Momma ain't raise no fool. i'll buy a bottle of water and take some napkins for my tears, you can keep your $5 twizzlers. But what isn't expensive these days if you're not a millionaire?  This is my favorite theatre in HouTex. On my off-days i'd sneak a bowl of Captain Crunch inside during matinee's, only if i lived that close.
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2009,6/25/2010,172,157,7,13,11>My high heels need therapy. Instead of adorning my feet and complimenting my wardrobe, they lay idly day in day out in my closet.  I should have known we wouldn't be compatible; I bought with my eyes instead of with my comfort.  The Feldenkrais Center of Houston and NiaMoves co-hosted a 3 hour heel camp on "How to Walk in High Heels" today.  When I first read "How to Walk in High Heels" event on Facebook, facebook.com/s.php?q=mar  it caught my attention. Surely I knew how to walk in heels. I also knew my limitations (I tend to avoid 3'' or higher). Still, with taking the class, there was a possibility I could reconcile my love of pretty high heels with my comfort.Down to earth,  warm, non judgmental, and generous are the words that describe Mary Beth, the high heel guru. She made the comfort of everyone her first priority. Her directions were very clear, so there were very few instances where she needed to help others with their poses. As she explained the various feet, leg, and body movements, she encouraged feedback, questions, and assessed our progress.  We learned about how muscle groups, stretching, and self awareness can help our bodies minimize the effects of high heels on the body. The ball of my foot and my ankles definitely felt more comfortable in heels after learning the strategies. I wasn't as tense either.By giving us handouts on what we covered and by sending us audio files on how to improve from this point forward, MaryBeth went above and beyond to ensure that we truly benefit from these strategies and build upon what we've learned.If you see black slacks and purple glitter nail polish on Mirror Mirror,  those are my toes. ABC was at NiaMoves filming for an upcoming episode for Mirror Mirror. The show will air on TV Fall 2009. $$$ TIP: Register online at niamoves.com and you can get two weeks free in your choices of pilates, Tai Chi, Yoga, Nia, and Zumba Classes. Isn't free great?!There is no sign of high heels ever going out of style. This class has given a renewed sense of purpose to those lonely heels of mine.  My high heels and I are on good terms now.
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2009,6/24/2010,265,191,7,15,12>Sad? Eat sushi. Stressed? Eat sushi. Sick? Eat sushi. Sushi is pretty much my solution to all problems in life. I decided to end a stressful and sickly week last Friday by meeting a fellow Yelper at Kata.I won't repeat much more of what many, many Yelpers have noted, but I will state a little bit of info that I gathered from speaking to the manager extensively.After a great service from our server James (who not only made sure my hot green tea was refilled promptly, and gave me lemons without me requesting it after noting that I was sick), the manager came around to speak to my table personally. I pseudo-interviewed him after praising him for the meal + service, and was pleasantly surprised at some of the info he provided.For starters, when asked what vision the owners had for Kata, he asked me if I'd eaten at Uchi in Austin. My face lit up completely and gushed at how much I LOVE Uchi and would gladly drive 3 hours to Austin and wait another 2 hours just to eat there. The manager stated that they are trying to emulate Uchi's essence & replicate the type of cuisine here in Houston. This is NOT to say that they are simply copying the genius creations at Uchi, but it's the type of high end Japanese cuisine creations that Chef Hori is sure to produce that will catapult Kata into that status.Having eaten at (several) Nobu and Uchi, I told the manager how much I appreciate this type of cuisine coming to Houston, and that I couldn't wait until they master their own signature dishes. He promised that there are exciting things to come in the near future! I can't wait![*Make sure to check the daily specials printed out...these change daily and the manager states they hand pick their produce to ensure freshness. The tend to also run out of these specials quickly.]
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2009,6/23/2010,40,93,8,8,8>A bar on Washington that I am not scared of? That's exciting. When a friend suggested Taps to grab a drink at I was skeptical. I was over dressed for a beer house and under dressed for Washington douchery. This seemed to work out perfectly. The bar was pretty busy for a Thursday at 8pm but it's so damn roomy in there. Everyone was having a great time munching on pizza and drinking gigantic beers. We took up a picnic table in the back and sipped on our cider blends and munched on free popcorn. I can live with that. The back patio has an area for bean bags and other games. I am mostly excited to school some folks at bocce ball on a day that I am not wearing an incredible short dress.
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2010,6/22/2010,152,200,10,15,16>You can't miss this place. It's painted bright yellow with neon green trim. The location is perfect for those who use Stude Park as it's located right across from the ball field. Shaved ice with a variety of flavors to choose from. Are you craving a buttered popcorn flavored ice ball? Well, this is your place. Don't worry, they carry classic flavors as well! I like to get a large, which runs $1.50, and usually more sugar than I can take. Mango Beach serves more than snow cones, though that seems to be the main reason people come here. I have also seen people walk away with ice cream, hot dogs, and nachos as well. So, what sets them apart? Their misting system! Waiting in line in 100 degree heat has never been more enjoyable.
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,6/21/2010,85,110,6,8,6>Okay, I normally *hate* used bookstores.  They are usually overflowing with Stephen King, Janet Evanovich, and romance novels, with small sections of non-fiction that generally consist of self-help and religious books.  In short, GROSS.  So when my partner suggested we drop in to Kaboom after getting coffee next door, I was hesitant.After walking in though, I was blown away!  My partner chatted with the owner while I stood in awe of several shelves' worth of history books (my specialty).  I overheard the owner say that he doesn't accept just anything, and that he has a theory of organizing the books to keep the customer interested and prevent that glazed-over feeling.  Let me just say he is fantastic at it!  I walked away with about 8 books and $43 lighter.Also, never fear fiction, sociology, and etc readers!  He has pretty sweet selections of all that too.  However, his little store joke is that he doesn't carry authors whose names start with "P", so you'll have to check his other location for those!Basically, Kaboom is a wonderful store with a cool owner and a great selection of sweet books.  Check it out!
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2010,6/20/2010,431,163,7,16,8>This is the one place you can't complain about the food. You know why? CAUSE YOU MADE IT! For $10, you get a bowl and your job (depending on how hungry you are) is to fill as much meat, vegetables, spices, flavoring, veggies, and fruits as you can into the bowl. It sounds easy but it's NOT! I've been here enough times to master the art of stuffing that bowl and the key thing is to start off with the veggies, then the meat, and top it off with the spices and flavoring. By adding the heavy meat onto the veggies, you are able to pack in more food. The way they have the line set up is the meat, spices, flavoring, veggies, then the fruit. So if the line is not too busy then do it my way and you will get your money's worth!
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,6/19/2010,112,198,6,10,9>This place is delicious, authentic, inside the loop, AND clean? It's just too good to be true!My favorites are the goi vit (duck salad), bun bo hue (#16 spicy noodle soup), and com phuong hoang (phoenix chicken).I'm Vietnamese and I've never had goi vit before and this dish was almost life changing! The bun bo hue is so flavorful, it doesn't even need the addition of shrimp paste (really!). The phoenix chicken is simple but delicious. Other highlights are the bo luc lac (#57). I never order this dish at Vietnamese restaurants because it is always a disappointment. Nobody does it as well as my mom or the little hole in the wall restaurant up north where my mom borrowed the recipe. This place actually is able to stand up to the dish. I'm really amazed and almost a little sad. I can't necessarily say that you can only get the best bo luc lac from my mom's kitchen anymore.The pho is also good, much better than any of the other pho places inside the loop.Yes, the mi quang and goi cuon thit nuong are good too, but I think the other items totally outshine these. Oh, and my mom makes these dishes better anyway.I'm slowly making my way down the menu and will update periodically. I'm so excited to have found a stellar Vietnamese restaurant close to me. Another great thing about this place is that it's fast. They'll get your to-go orders done quickly, even if you're ordering for 15 people. They'll also get you in and out of lunch before your boss can get mad at you.My only peeve is that they close on Sundays. So lame.This place is legit. Don't miss out on this gem.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2010,6/18/2010,159,62,10,13,14>Nice Argentinian bakery worthy of a stop if in the area. Interesting and unique pastries for a white boy like myself. These pastries are very much different from Mexican sweet breads I have tried many times. Very French-like and attractively baked, fresh, not too sweet, and tasty.  I always get my hair cut at this spot next door to here and so I finally decided to try something since I needed a quick bite, and I was surprised to see so much variety. They not only have pastries and breads, but also chicken and beef empanadas, chocolate cakes and sweets, home made sandwiches, and a grip of imported Argentinian foods on the shelves which i thought was cool. There was a decent crowd just kickin it and enjoying their treats from their own Country right here in Alief/Houston. I dig learning of new foods and cultures so i'm sure Ill stop by when on this side of town when getting my hair chopped.
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2009,6/17/2010,419,749,5,14,11>After walking into Bowl for the first time almost a full year ago, I hadn't been back until recently.  Making it into Montrose for lunch on a weekday can be a rarity.  Now with their recently expanded evening and Saturday hours, it's become a more viable spot for me to frequent and I've rekindled my passion for their fantastic food.  I still haven't strayed from the salad menu, just because with choices like grilled portobello mushrooms, pistachios and manchego cheese, I can never go wrong.  My sister, however, ordered a hummus and veggie sandwich that looked divine and were served with thick, hearty tortilla chips on the side.This has definitely become a post-workout spot thanks to their fresh, healthy menu of delish-ness.  The only worry I have is that it's usually quite deserted when I come around so I hope they stay in business.  I mentioned in my original review that if they had expanded hours I could see it as a Cafe Express competitor; to me, however, there's no competition anymore.  Bowl is my favorite of the two, hands down.
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2009,6/16/2010,256,89,14,15,10>If I can publicly confess I'm addicted to this place then that means I really don't have a problem right? Well, at least I'm not in denial. I've even started recruting a different friend each week to go with me and keep me company, and little by little they all become victims of all the refreshing tasty frozen yogurts I also enjoy.My favorites have become the cake batter, green apple, and peanut butter flavors. If you're a student and show them your ID you can get a 10% discount. If you're just a regular customer you can get a loyalty card, which I have of course, after your 10th stamp you get a free medium size Swirll. If it happens to be your birthday you get one for free after showing your ID also. Its no wonder the place is constantly busy, and with this hot Houston heat their business is in full bloom! I just read on their website that there are certain perks if you become their Facebook fan, guess what I'm about to do...and no one better dare and try to stop me!
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,6/15/2010,90,255,8,8,8>I'm guessing there are 171 reviews because of Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives?  While I am starting to despise that show and all of Guy Fieri's bleached hair madness, he did pick a darn good place to review.Niko Niko's is a Montrose institution.  And there's no way you can leave there with even a millimeter of empty space in your stomach.  My favorite standard is the chicken parmesan gyro, which is a gooey, cheesy pile of melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness.  There's no way to eat it and not get it all over you.  Pretty much everything comes with a generous side of potatoes, and if your meal doesn't come with a salad, make sure and get one...the feta cheese is crazy good - they must make it in-house.On the off-chance that you stll have room after your meal, make sure to grab a bakalava or two.  Or three.  Those Greek pastries are my nemesis.
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2009,6/14/2010,94,159,4,11,6>Delicious, fun, AND educational-- oh I know you're excited, read on.This farmer's market is nice, a good selection and representation of Houston's farmers, though a bit smaller than the others-- the BEST part is that this market comes with FREE cooking classes by Monica Pope every Saturday at 9:30am.  There's only space for 40 so if you're intent on going, you may want to show up by 9am to get a ticket for it at the top of the stairs inside T'afia.  Not only do you get some good learnin' but you get to eat well too.  Free substantial samples of whatever she makes, at least that's been my experience.HIGHLY recommended : )
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2010,6/13/2010,154,362,4,16,9>Seriously the best thing I've ever done for myself!  I scored a great deal through Hot on Yelp for six sessions of hair removal treatments.  When I went in for my first treatment, I got myself all worked up, thinking this would be the worst pain I've ever experienced, but tis not true.  I've experienced way worse.  I would equate the sensation to a big needle being inserted into your skin multiple times (around 20 to be exact).  I guess that sounds scary, but trust me, it's not, and each zap lasts less than a second.  The first treatment is the most aggressive and the most painful.  If you can get through that, it's all downhill from there.  (I recently went in for my second treatment, and I hardly felt anything.)  Like Farrah A, I saw dramatic results after the first treatment.  Felicia warned me that IPL is addicting, and she was not joking!  I might have to find a second job to pay for more IPL!One thing worth nothing: You have to wait 6-8 weeks between treatments, and you have to avoid sun exposure the whole time.  Not a problem for underarms and other areas that never see the light of day, but be sure to take this into consideration when beginning treatments.
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2009,6/12/2010,89,202,5,13,9>I'm stingy with my 5-star ratings for BBQ, but this place just earned them.I ordered the 3-meat plate, as I usually do on a first visit.  It wascounter service; I paid, got my food and sat down.I got the brisket from the endcap; the fatty end.  It was oh-so moist with a good quarter inch ring of pink pecan smoke.  At first I dipped it in the BBQ sauce.  Soon I decided the brisket was better without any sauce, just in its own moist goodness.  The ribs were tender, tangy with the pecan-wood smoke.  Easy to bite into, but the meat was still clinging to the rib-bone.    But the standout surprise was the sausage.  It's been a long time since I tasted sausage this savory, with soft undertones of black pepper.  Dang it was good.I'm usually more of a rib and brisket fan.  Just to think - I almost got a two-meat plate and skipped the sausage.The building is about 4 years old, but built in a rustic Texas style with a bigh porch, lots of exposed wood.  Inside, the decor has the usual odd signs, eccentric bric-a-brac and sports-team swag.  But what caught my eye was a huge statue of a bandito.  This figure by the front entrace is an angry, badass longhaired Mexican outlaw, with bandolier, pistol holsters, leather hat and zerape, with his foot on a bag of coins and other loot. (So see the picture I took.)  "So what's the story on this statue?" I asked an employee.  "It came with the joint when I bought the place.  I understand the previous owner got it at a restaurant liquidation.  Beyond that, I don't know."  So I struck up a conversation with Keith Lilley, the owner.  Keith told me a lot I didn't know about cooking brisket, how you want to catch it just as the connective tissue starts to break up, and if you go past that how you end up with pot-roast.  ("Then you sell it as chopped beef for sandwiches.")Keith told me he gets those incredibly good sausages from a guy up in Snook, Texas.  Now, that's interesting.   Snook (pop. 568) is a small town near Bryan.  I'd only heard of Snook once before.  It's the home of Chicken Friend Bacon with Cream Gravy.  (Google on 'chicken fried bacon texas' and you'll find the You-Tube documentary.)  Clearly, Snook has an interesting culinary culture, and it's one that isn't at all afraid of animal fat.After I'd sort-of finished my meal and put the rest in a go-box, Keith gave me a tour.  He showed me the whole operation, but what really wowed me were the two huge Oyler rotisserie smokers.  Keith says that a guy in Mesquite, Texas invented the rotisserie smoker over 100 years ago.  He bought rotiesserie ovens built for baking and mod'ed them with smokeboxes.  And his same company is still building them down in Mesquite.  Keith uses one for brisket, the other for ribs and other meats.  Next time I go I'm going to get a picture of the smokebox, filled up with seasoned pecan wood.The place has no taxidermy, as such, but sports a huge rack of longhorns over the drink station.  There's nice mural of a cattle drive through old Dickinson in the front dining room.  The tomato-based sauce is typical of Eastern Texas; it was a little too sweet for my tastes.  Keith says he's planning to start offering an Arkansas-style vinegar sauce, not as sweet.  That will be worth coming back for.For sure.
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,6/11/2010,408,480,5,12,5>By far, the best fine dining restaurant in Houston. The waiter gave us great recommendations for appetizers and the chef himself came out to visit us where he described his favorite desserts....I was drooling hearing him talk about it!!!! And then the owner came to our table as well to welcome us and asked about our experience. Ambiance was very intimate. Lights were dim, candles lit, and there was a pianist at the entry... what a wonderful way to welcome guests.Wine: - Cabernet, Raymond 2005 - NapaAppetizer:- Garlic Seared Calamari, Oyster Mushrooms, Red Onion, Chinese Parsley with Soy Reduction. 6/5!**The chef made an extra order and sent it to our table, one order wasn't enough. The sauce was aamaazing! Melts in your mouth. My Entree:- Osso Bucco Slowly Braised in Natural Juices with Armenian Rice Pilaf. 5/5** I love bone marrow. Not a lot of people are fans of it but I think it tastes amazing. They even had a utensil for digging out the marrow!** I had a small bite of my boyfriend's Herb Roasted Filet Mignon... it was cooked perfectly and the flavor was BOMB!Desserts:- Warm Triple Berry Bread Pudding, White Chocolate, Blueberry Compote and Cream Cheese Mousse. 5/5- Sorbet Terrine, Passion Fruit, Lemon and Strawberry. 2/5- *Complimentary birthday  dessert* Warm Double Chocolate Fondant, Vanilla Bean Ice Cream and Creme Anglaise. 3/5
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2009,6/10/2010,28,83,8,8,7>It's October, which means the temp drops down to a chilly 89. And that makes it a perfect time to go the zoo! The Houston Zoo is a fantastically cheap place to take your kids. We have a 1-year-old, so it didn't cost anything to get him in, but for adults, tickets are only $10 each. The zoo is a pretty good size and the animals all look content (not depressed like at other zoos). The grounds are immaculate and it doesn't smell like a zoo, if you can believe that. Truth be told, I've smelled worse coming from my husband's socks. The groundskeepers really do a great job of keeping the place clean.There's enough room to walk around and the exhibits offer several viewing points so you're not fighting with some snotty-nosed kid to view the elephants. I loved that we weren't running into people, despite our SUV-sized stroller. I got all giddy when I found out they're actually expanding it even further to include an African wildlife area. Fun! The zoo also has a children's zoo, which we couldn't check out since our tot fell asleep while we were walking around. If you have kids, particularly young kids, I'd recommend going before noon. It's less crowded, less hot, and overall makes for a better experience. I also noticed they had some event rooms, which would make for a pretty cool birthday party. Also bring a picnic lunch and eat at nearby Hermann Park to really make it a cost-effective day out.
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2009,6/9/2010,51,137,,10,7>The hubby and I finally visited the new Le Mistral location last night and we were completely charmed.  It's 100% different from the old place, and I miss the cozy vibe you couldn't help but soak up there, but the new digs are just beautiful.  The décor is all modern and chic with nice warm colors, dark wood, and eccentric glass lighting.  It still feels cozy, but the high ceilings definitely enhance the noise.  It wasn't too busy last night, but I imagine it can get pretty loud on busy evenings.  We were seated against the wall, I on the one long booth that lines most of the wall, and my hubby in a chair across from me.  What is it with women always stealing the booth seat?  It's our thing I guess.  I wish I could remember our waiter's name.  He was completely fantastic.  He was along in no time to deliver menus and the wine list.  Another man brought out the amazing little mini appetizers - duck mousse on a tiny puff pastry with smoked salmon and chives on top.  I could have eaten 100 of these things.  I didn't get a look at the wine list - I leave that sort of thing to the man in charge, but we each had a glass of Bordeaux that was completely delicious.  Next came the fresh baguette rolls and ridiculously creamy herb butter.  Nice, crisp crust on the outside and soft in the middle, and who doesn't appreciate a nice soft butter that goes on easy without destroying the bread?  We split the spinach salad to start - and they divvied it up nicely for us on two plates.  Baby spinach with warm goat cheese, caramelized pecans, and pear vinaigrette.  It was incredibly tasty, although it didn't have much pear flavor at all.  They were, however, generous with the goat cheese, and the caramelized pecans were so flavorful - roasted, but not bitter, and dusted with powdered sugar - I think they might have been sent right down from heaven.  After devouring the salads and taking no prisoners, our filets were brought out.  My husband and I are lame, and as much as it bothers me, we often order the same thing.  Our tastes are very similar though, and once we decide what we want, we won't budge.  At least we're both stubborn - so we have that in common.  The filets were very tender and cooked to a perfect medium.  They were not as crisp on the outside as a steakhouse steak, but still great.  A pinot noir black cherry reduction was poured over top, and it took some getting used to but it was tasty.  The cherries themselves were a bit strong, but I liked the unique flavor the sauce gave the steak.  Served alongside was winter stuffed zucchini and potato mousseline.  The zucchini was not at all what I expected.  I've made stuffed zucchini, and this wasn't it.  It was basically chopped, seasoned zucchini mixed with chopped mushrooms.  While the zucchini was flavorful, the mushroom to zucchini ratio was about 3 to 1.  Not good for a mushroom hater.  Don't worry, the potatoes made up for what the zucchini dish lacked!  They were served in a precious terrine on the plate, and the waiter had to bring us spoons because they were whipped so perfectly thin.  They tasted buttery and salty - like all things wonderful.  In true white trash form, I scraped the terrine clean!Our waiter had mentioned their soufflés to us early in the evening, since they take an extra 20 minutes to prepare, however, we hadn't seen the rest of the dessert menu yet so we held off on ordering.  The dessert options were just ok for me, with one stellar stand out - the chocolate soufflé.  We ordered two cups of decaf to enjoy while our soufflé baked, and the wait time went by in a flash.  The soufflé was a masterpiece.  Served in a tall mug with a  jigger of chocolate mint sauce and another of fresh whipped cream on the side.  Our server poked the middle of the soufflé with a spoon and poured in the chocolate mint sauce - then, the carnage began.  The flavor was fantastic, and I loved the gooeyness the sauce added to the cake.  The fresh whipped cream also rocked my world.  As we got up to leave our waiter offered us a tour of the kitchen and additional rooms.  There's a lovely wine room that would seat about 10, and it was really cool to see the kitchen.  There's also a chef's table off the kitchen.  It was gorgeous.  You can sit in there with a group of 8 (I think) and the chef comes in and explains every course.  There's also a huge window that overlooks all the activity in the kitchen.  The window is a two way mirror though - so you can see all the goings on on the other side, but the cooks can't see you.  Dinners back there start at $100 per person for the food, so save your pennies for that splurge.  We ended our tour in the nice, large patio with a beautiful bubbling fountain in the center and a bar at the back.  It was raining, but during better weather this would be a great place to enjoy a drink.  They have live music on the patio every Thursday, so we'll have to come back and check that out eventually.
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2010,6/8/2010,48,177,7,8,10>Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered weak and weary, over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore.So what did I do to get over all this lore? Well I recently visited The Raven Grill.I've had this placed bookmarked for a while but was waiting for a good time to go since it didn't look like a big place. For the most part it isn't but they do a great job getting a good number of seating without over crowding.  The atmosphere was really nice inside with a little darker lighting for a relaxing experience.To my surprise they had a good number of items that I wanted to try. It seems very rarely that I find 5-6 dishes instead of the normal 1-2, but this place has it.First off I got the Tower o Rings. This will be a new staple every time I go. They are onion and poblano rings that are served with ranch dressing. So good. I recommend you get them and if you don't well then the dark side wins. My main dish was the Pot Roast, which was all right. Wouldn't get again and my stomach wasn't too thrilled about it afterward.Despite the main dish, I really just enjoyed this place. There was also a much older crowd here that I kind of liked. It kind of felt upscale but with decent prices, which is always a win in my book.
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2009,6/7/2010,105,95,6,11,9>Decided to stop here after work with fellow Yelper Eva K. Upon entering Fajita Pete's, you'll notice that the interior is very small.  They are mainly a catering/take out place.  There are a few tables, but no one was eating inside when we arrived.  They have small paper menus at the counter and also a larger menu above.  There wasn't really a need to look at the menu because we already knew what we wanted when we arrived (fajitas, obviously).  They offer beef, chicken, or a mix of the two (1 or .5 pound). We asked the owner if he thought we should go with 1 or .5 pound, and he suggested we get .5.  We decided to get the 1 pound mix instead.  Each order of fajitas comes with tortillas, rice, beans, lettuce, cheese, pico de gallo, guacamole, chips, and salsa.As we were making our order, there was an identical order being prepared for delivery, but the delivery person had not made it back yet.  The owner decided to give us that order, so we had a very small wait (hardly any wait at all) for our food.  Instead of eating inside we thought we would take advantage of the nice afternoon and eat outside.  Whole Foods is next door and they have benches, so we sat there.Now, on to the important stuff, the food.  First, everything seemed fresh.  From the crispy lettuce, to the tortillas that were being made right in front of us while inside.   The chips and salsa were OK, but they were an afterthought to us.  As for the meat, Eva K had a perfect description after she took one bite of the beef fajitas, "succulent."  The beef fajitas were excellent.  They use a squeezed lime and pineapple based recipe, and also add sautéed onions and jalapeno peppers to the mix.  These were easily the best fajitas I've ever had from a restaurant.  The chicken fajitas were also good, but I liked the beef much more.They also have other items besides fajitas (Tacos, burritos, quesadillas, nachos, chicken, steak, etc. ), but if you are going to a place called "Fajita Pete's," why would you want anything besides fajitas?  Five stars, best fajitas I've had in Houston.
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,6/6/2010,229,569,12,12,12>A horribly abstract description of this place is that it feels like the "Titty Twister" from "Dusk til Dawn" before the vampire feast goes down and without the prostitutes. If I were to transform into a vampire and then fight til the death, this would be the place. Don't get me wrong. The place is mellow, laid back, but if it were going to go down--this setting would be ideal. Dark, cavernous with loud and fast music blaring . . . I was strangely feeling peaceful with the place. Not too many places I've found I can hang that will play the Horrorpops while I just hang out. Bartenders and staff are really cool peoples. And coin flip night . . . well--it's no joke. Show up ready to play hard while the coin decides your fate.
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2010,6/5/2010,3163,3020,8,29,19>"Ain't no use in complainin' - when you got a job to do Spent my evenin's down at the drive-in - and that's when I met you - ya Standin' on your mama's porch - you told me that you'd wait forever Oh and when you held my hand - I knew that it was now or never Those were the best days of my life - back in the summer of '69" This isn't the summer of 69 anymore but this is as good as it gets. I took my gf here for something different. We are both movie buffs, but we had never been to a drive-in. Months ago when Mike W got the ROTD of this place I bookmarked it to check out. Months went by and I never made the time. Well, this past Sunday the weather was perfect: 70, not a cloud in the sky with a slight breeze. I packed the car with some lawn chairs and made our way out to Hockley. They start allowing cars to come in at 7 pm. It's 5 dollars a person and they have 2 screens. 1 screen is for the kiddos and the other is for adults. It's a double feature for your one time admission. We saw Clash of the Titans and Bounty Hunter. It just worked out since Action and Romantic comedies are my 2 favorite genres. There is about a 15 minute intermission between films. The first film started up a little after 8 pm, but from what I was told it just depends on when it gets dark enough to see the movie. We came on a Sunday night so it wasn't very packed, I was told that Friday and Saturday nights are very crowded and full of the high school party goers. Sunday was more of the family and adult day. They have tether ball, swings, and tables for you to enjoy the outdoors before the movie starts. This is the country, so watch out for deers when driving in and out. Also if you come on time you can see the beautiful sunset. Also since there aren't many city lights if you open your moon roof you can look up the stars since it's so clear! Just a bit of advice, if you have a pretty quiet car just go ahead and run your engine. I have a relatively new car and the battery still died after watching the first movie. They have people in golf carts with jumper cables so no fear. Video quality is quite sharp, while audio quality depends on your own car's sound system. I did notice a lot of people with pickup trucks who set up air mattresses in the bed. Take a break from reality and go out to hockley to make your own unforgettable memories.A place like this deserves to get my 1000th review.
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2010,6/3/2010,343,368,10,14,10>"Whoa whoa whoa, easy there on the stripper pole...erm... guys."  You know your buddies had a little too much to drink, when they start grinding on the metal usually reserved for females.  Regretfully, this seems to happen to my group more and more lately, but that is just a testament to how fun this place is.  We usually end up here every other weekend.  The bartenders are pretty relaxed and easy going.  Good music and great atmosphere.  Drink specials are usually written on several dry-erase boards mounted on the walls.  The patio outside is a nice touch for those who want to enjoy a quieter evening or light up a smoke.During this St. Patrick's Day, a drunkard was bothering a lady friend and also apparently wanted to fight me.  The bouncers saw this and promptly told him to GTFO.  A+.
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2009,6/2/2010,211,151,7,12,10>I love BYOB places so this is basically what drew me to Sweet Temptation. I am not a huge Italian fan lately, but the food here was quite pleasant.We came on a Friday night and made a reservation just in case. When we arrived, the restaurant was only half full so there was plenty of attention for each of the tables. They give you bread to dip into the olive oil mix (made up of olive oil, red pepper, garlic, and basil). The olive oil mix was great, but the bread was cold and store bought. I wish it was fresh and homemade. The menu is short but there's a little something for everyone it. The entrees range from $8-18, so it's very reasonable. I ordered the Linguine Diablo, which is linguine in a spicy marinara sauce with calamari, crawfish, and shrimp. I was pretty satisfied with it... the portion was huge, there was tons of seafood in it, and the pasta was the right texture. The bf had a pork chop with a marinara and onion sauce served with mashed potatoes and grilled vegetables. He loved his entree. The pork chop was very tender. For dessert, we ordered spumoni ice cream. Spumoni is multiple scoops of strawberry, chocolate, vanilla, and pistachio ice cream. It was a nice sweet treat for the end of the meal. But when the bill came, these 3 scoops of ice cream cost $8!!!! That's highway robbery for ice cream!!! I wish the dessert prices were listed on the menu. All in all, it was a pretty good experience. No corking fee made it even better. I'd probably actually give this place a 3.5 star, but I try to round up to be nice.
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,6/1/2010,427,838,8,14,10>Back when I-10 was still undergoing its "Brittany Murphy in Clueless" total makeover, I would drive by the piece of emptiness they now call City Centre. Heck, it wasn't that long ago that the only thing standing erect was the Studio Movie Grill, a clever twist on Alamo Drafthouse that dared charge normal ticket prices to sit in office chairs.Lo and behold, on my latest trip out to the SMG, the girlfriend and I passed by Sugar Land Town Square 2.0 and a trendy little thing called Bistro Alex. Intrigued, I used the powers of Yelp and zeroed in the latest IT thing to hit Houston (many thanks to the mighty trio of Farrah A, Allie N, and David N for the stellar reviews).That's just a super-long introduction to say I went here for my birthday dinner. The hostess that took my call asked if it was a special occasion. Why yes, I say: it's a birthday. For that effort, they put balloons at your table and write "Happy Birthday" on your dessert plate in edible chocolate-y goodness. In short, it's a great way to embarrass someone (or in my case, embarrass myself). The rest of the restaurant screams awesome, up to and including the bathrooms shared by the Monnalisa Bar, both of which overlook Hotel Sorella's second story rooftop pool. Unfortunately, the beautiful people don't often take nightly swims in January weather. Next time, maybe. With or without them, this is hands down one of the best looking restaurants in Houston.Behind the perfect 10 look is a few flaws, mainly in the service. Despite having two dedicated waiters, we had to on more than one occasion pour our own wine and water. In an egregious (well, minor) slight, they also forgot to place our order for a side of mac and cheese. Blasphemy to the mac and cheese lover!Food-wise, my brother (ever the experimenter) went with the Brennan's Turtle Soup. He was a fan. I gravitated towards the gumbo. Calliope's crack it is not, but it was still tasty, and very Bayou-esque. They have an intriguing appetizer menu that blends flatbreads and cheese plates; you could probably spend an entire evening here and not touch an entree. That's also due to the truly phenomenal bread they bring to the table; you can pretty much eat that and that alone. There's a surprise in the middle; I won't ruin it for you here.However, after my Yelp osmosis, I came here for one thing and one thing only, the orange molasses laquered duck. Laquered is putting it mildly; the chef is a definite fan of salt. This trend continued through the other dishes. The girlfriend picked the crispy whole snapper, bones included, just like us Asians like it. The crust combined with the salsa-esque side was absolutely delicious. My dad went with the grouper, which he said was solid. Back to the duck. Having grown up on Peking, Bistro Alex didn't quite blow away the Asian standard, but after a few days, my restaurant memory is growing on me. Moreover, they do a phenomenal job incorporating the duck into the sides, including duck confit cornbread and duck bacon.To top it off, we went with a moderately priced Malbec on an otherwise very expensive chef's selection wine list. For dessert, I picked the white chocolate bread pudding, one of their signatures. For a non-bread pudding fan, I was impressed. There's a couple other things, including the caramel apple crisp, that caught my eye. But if you're looking for the dessert rec, I'd mosey over to Farrah A's post for the complete story.Overall, I'd still put it a cut below my Houston triumvirate of Reef, Mark's and Mockingbird. But it's still a winner in my book.
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2009,5/31/2010,137,32,6,11,9>Based on all the reviews below, I decided to convince my friends to come to this restaurant, since they never seem to know where to go, and always default to the same typical restaurants every single time we catch dinner together. But, I digress. This is definitely my favorite Italian restaurant in Houston.  Stepping inside, it just feels Italian, the smells, the sounds, and that friendly homey cozy warm feeling that comes with all that.We were seated by the owner himself, a charming old fella with a hearty Texan accent, and our waiter was extra friendly as well.  One of my friends had the Angel hair crab meat, but with some changes of her own(insert Bonquiqui quote "I got a complicated order") and the waiter was more than happy to accomodate.  We were fortunate to get a plate of ham or bacon rolls(I have no idea what they were called, but man were they delicious) because somebody in the kitchen had made an extra plate of food.  Lucky us!I order the Shrimp Diavola with spicy pomodoro sauce and mushrooms tossed with spaghetti.  It was absolutely what I needed, and the spicyness was spot on.  The shrimp that were in it were also plump and flavorful.  Portions in general were Texas sized, and I ended up one very full and very happy customer.
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2010,5/30/2010,90,126,9,8,6>Never been to a bar in downtown Houston before, let alone a HAUNTED bar.  I researched a little bit about the bar and supposedly the original owner was killed by the mafia during prohibition and his ghost can be seen in his recliner at times.  I brought my camera and took some pictures inside the bar but didn't see any orb artifacts in my pictures:(  I was also sad that I wasn't able to go all "Supernatural" on the spirit by using salt and iron to defend myself and burn the remains to dispel ghost.  Anyways, there are alot of various beers on tap.  I had a lone star beer.  Costed around $2.50 for it.  There were several long wooden tables for large groups to drink and converse among themselves.  The place was pretty load at times so it was hard to hear what people were saying.  It was kinda dark inside and there were about 6 dart board in the back that were on an elevated platform that were well lit.  The men's bathroom had one stall and two urinals.  Wouldn't mind going back here for another event.
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2009,5/29/2010,89,231,7,15,12>There is an urban legend (designated by Snopes as false) that reads as follows:A contestant on Groucho Marx's 1950s TV quiz show tells him that she has 10 children, and Marx asks why she has so many. The woman answers, "Because I love children ... and I love my husband." Marx replies: "I love my cigar, too, but I take it out of my mouth once in a while."Ref: snopes.com/radiotv/tv/grUnlike Groucho, I suspect I'll never have to worry about a misattributed remark from my lips becoming an urban legend. I do want to set a few things straight here to preclude against that possibility. Please know that the guilty pleasure I receive from keeping a cigar in my mouth doesn't come close to the not-so-guilty pleasure of not taking other things out of other places. In addition, I have an easy and effective remedy for the inevitable consequences of leaving that other thing in another place (please see my rave review of Dr. David Mobley).Ref: yelp.com/biz/mobley-daviI am a cigar enthusiast, not a cigar aficionado. Between visits to Downing Street Pub and evenings smoking a cigar in friends' backyards whilst sipping a good single malt, I consume between one and two cigars a month. As a recent birthday present, my cigar smoking buddies gave me a very nice and large cigar ashtray. Reading between the lines I understood this to mean, "Okay, Dolph. You've been mooching cigars off of us for long enough. It's time for you to step up to the plate and supply your own." Because I'm not yet an aficionado, I needed some help in outfitting myself with the cigar essentials. I asked my friends where I should seek it. Without hesitating, they recommended Santa Barbara.I visited and understand why they were so enthusiastic.I had to find it first, however. Don't try to travel to it using the street address unless you have a GPS navigation device. It's not visible from Westheimer. You just have to remember it's hidden behind P.F. Chang's.When you walk through the door, you'll be warmly greeted by Ken Jacobs who runs the place. It will also become immediately apparent that he is a font of information when it comes to the genteel art of smoking fine tobacco. I told him I lacked experience but really enjoyed Dominican Cohibos and I'd like to use that as a starting point. We browsed his wall of cigars from one end to the other and I received a mini-course on the virtues of Connecticut, Broadleaf Maduro and Cameroon wrappers.After about 1/2 hour which he devoted almost solely to me, I walked out of the store with 10 cigars ranging from a Tatuaje Regio to an Oliva O Toro to an Ashton Magnum in a new traveling humidor along with a Xikar cutter and a dual flame lighter. He also threw in a butane container and showed me how to refill the lighter. If you purchase 10 cigars (of any variety) you get a discount. You get a further discount if your cigar count totals 20.I would have happily paid a premium for all this because of all the help I received but when I got home, a quick check of cigar deals on the Internet showed me that Santa Barbara's prices were very competitive. I'm sold and at the rate I'm enjoying my new cigars, I may have to modify my average monthly intake upwards.
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2009,5/27/2010,150,374,10,12,11>I am absolutely disappointed in myself. I should have written a review on Spec's the very first day I joined Yelp, but I didn't. Shameful to say the least, especially given the frequent visits I make not just to this location, but to many others around town.The big deal about this particular location is not just the size, but the selection of wines and - equally important - the selection of foods. I find many niche foods that I used to enjoy in Europe here - German mustards and cornichons, French and Swiss cheeses, Swiss sausages, and many other condiments, sweets and spices that I used to miss. Central Market is certainly another good place for some of these things, but nothing compares to the unique a wide selection of Specs' food section for European goods. I usually find what I need here for the euro-meals I cook on occasion.As for wines and spirits, well, I am still disappointed I cannot get my beloved Eichhof beer from here (not their fault, Eichhof won't ship outside of Switzerland) but I always find fantastic wines I've never been able to find elsewhere and at very reasonable prices. The cigar vault is solid as well. Some great Fuente's in there.There is only one thing that confuses me about Specs. I dutifully carry around this little Spec's card and yet I have no clue what I'm supposed to get out of it. A little help here, Specs?
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2010,5/26/2010,225,440,12,13,12>Mam-nom-nom-nom-nom! I love frozen water in a cup with lots of sweet syrup all over it! I finally had the chance to try Mam's today and have found my new favorite place in the Heights. It does suck that I have to go to the Heights to get it, but maybe I could pay them the bring that trailer to my driveway once a week. Wonder how much that would cost me? But I digress....after hitting up a couple shops along 19th, I made it to Mam's just after they had opened and the line was already 10 deep on the order and pick up side. I knew I was in for a wait, but the weather was beautiful so I took in some sun and watched kids annoy the hell out of their parents. After looking over the very diverse and flavorful menu I chose a medium shaved ice with half banana, half strawberry and condensed milk for my hips. The staff is super friendly and when the cashier gave me a "Mmmm, good choice" after I placed my order, I knew I'd be happy. After about a 15 minute wait, my number was up and I pushed my way through the crowd of overly allowanced 15 year olds and grabbed my iced treat! The colors of the flavors were bright (i.e. undiluted syrup!) and the condensed milk formed a little creamy halo right on top. I didn't go 2 steps before I took the first bite and was in utter awe of how soft and creamy this frozen ice was. I've been a snocone fan since a wee young tot, but this is quite possibly the finest ice ever! On the drive home I could barely hold the steering wheel because I kept scraping the bottom of the cup for more...but to my dismay there wasn't any left. But no worries kiddos, I'll be back soon and often!
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2010,5/25/2010,81,217,11,16,12>So...The BRC...The Big Red Cock.... Here goes the review, ladies and gentlemen!BRC is a new gastro pub in my neighborhood near Washington Ave.  In my opinion, this is where the Rice Military is going and just what it needs.You walk in and your eyes are indulged in cool, modern, "Texas" decor.  Red flocked wallpaper that looks like a cocks tail.  Modern/industrial lighting sets the tone for a cool, N.O. like, jazz/farm environ.  Lost?  Stick with me.The menu is a mix of Gulf/Creole/Southern (real southern) and Southwestern flavors and ingredients.  We started out with the Blue Crab Beignets.  Strange description if you ask me.  I would call them moist, cheesy hush puppies.  But, they were "good."  They need seasoning and an extra kick.  The sauce which accompanies them adds flavor, but I wouldn't get them again.  The pickle jar is awesome.  The best pickles I had since my 101 year old grandmother passed away 9 years ago and we raided her N.C. pantry in her basement.For entrees, we had the grilled cheese with shortrib and fish and chips.  The fish and chips were the decided winner here, with perfect crispy crust and very fresh Cod.  The sandwich was good but, the bread had been dredged in oil and was soaked.  My lips are still greasy.  The fries were divine, but not as good as Block 7.The beer selection is admirable.  If you don't like American microbrews, don't come here.  If you do, you'll love the selec tionNext time, I'm having wine, boudin balls, and a slice of pie.I'm glad to have the BRC in my neighborhood.
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2009,5/24/2010,119,124,9,14,11>Imagine driving along the freeway and out of nowhere you see an object flying straight at you. As it gets closer, you realize it's a metal pipe. What did I do? Close my eyes and hope for the best. When I opened my eyes, my entire windshield was shattered. The worst part... I had to keep driving. I couldn't see anything! I knew I had to get it fixed. Great. Where do I go? I've never had to replace an entire windshield. I got to work and someone told me I could get this fixed at Apple Glass. They even told me that Apple Glass will go to YOU to replace the windshield. Perfect. I don't have to drive out to them in the Houston heat. Slight problem: It's appointment only if you want them to come to you. They were booked so I had to go to them. I wasn't particulary looking forward to driving there because I couldn't see anything. They do take walk-ins and you can make appointments. Since I was a walk-in and they were already working on another car, the total process took about an hour. Not too bad. The total cost of the windshield repear was $223 but I have a mid-sized car.  I can only imagine how much it would be to replace the windshield on a Hummer.So several reasons why I'm a fan: 1) they take walk-in if you need your windshield repaired; 2) they completed my windshield in an hour; and 3) great customer service. Everyone was extremely nice especially the front receptionist. She gave me great directions to get there because I'm still unfamiliar with The Woodlands (especially around the Woodlands Parkway area). They do more than just windshields though. They work on anything involving glass. Duh. I had no idea. That explained the shower stall in the waiting room with glass doors. My common sense escapes me in the Houston heat.
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2010,5/23/2010,287,298,13,13,13>Holy cow, I found the mecca of boiled, perfectly seasoned seafood! After hearing much ado about this place, I read several reviews and knew I had to visit. H and I called up our favorite couple and arranged a date to meet, eat & drink. From the reviews I suggested meeting early, 6:15pm. We arrived and found our friends snagged one of the booths that ran along the windows. Lots of wood with nautical touches, this wharf inspired interior is a surprise considering it is located in the Viet Hoa Shopping Center. We started with the calamari the batter was light, crispy and golden, enveloping perfectly tender squid. We enjoyed the calamari while we took a gander at the menu. While our initial idea was to order a pound or two of crawfish, we opted for a pound of Alaskan king crab legs and a pound of shrimp seasoned with the whole shabang (mild). When the bags of boiled, seasoned goodness hit the table we pushed up our sleeves and dug in. Oh my gosh! The seasoning was insanely delicious. The cajun seasoning, lemon pepper and garlic butter melange was spicy, garlicy & lemon-y. Chunks of garlic floated in a sea of red, I dredged the shrimp and crab meat through it getting sauce up to my wrists. The shrimp were very large and (duh) so was the crab, the meat firm yet tender.For those of you who are shy eaters, this is not the place for a first date. This is sloppy-lemme-have-my-elbow-room kind of place. And even though they provide a plastic bib (which you will need), DO NOT wear white or any light colored clothing. Stick with black, pull your hair back and have fun flinging the sauce around.
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2009,5/22/2010,153,176,7,15,12>Houston has a ton of great breakfast places. However, after most, I feel like I either need to take a nap or run 10 miles. I had to wake up early last Saturday morning to pick up my sis from the airport. I figured we'd go get some food afterwards. I was craving this place in SF that I loved called Ella's. They use fresh ingredients but is a bit on the pricey side. I used my trusty Yelp application and found Tiny Boxwood's.If you didn't have directions to this place, you would go right past it. I couldn't even tell there was a restaurant even after parking in their parking lot. Once we parked and walked into the open area, I was impressed. It was exactly what I was looking for. It had a CA cafe feel to it and reminded me a little of this place I used to go to called Zinc Cafe in Laguna Beach. It was about 9 AM and not busy at all which was perfect. We walked up to the counter and my girlfriend ordered the meal that came with 2 hard boiled eggs, grilled toast and fresh strawberry jam. My sister and I both ordered the fresh fruit, granola, and yogurt meal. I also ordered a blueberry muffin and a vanilla latte. I can't even tell you how pleased I was with my breakfast. The fruit was fresh and firm...not soggy at all. The latte was served in an enormous mug and I think it might have been made with love because it was the best I've had.My girlfriend is a big breakfast fan and was skeptical on her meal. However, once she dug in, she was definitely happy with her decision. The grilled toast was the highlight. I know, it sounds weird, but neither of us had tried grilled toast and it was amazing...for toast. The food quality was some of the best in Houston. For 3 meals, 2 lattes, and a blueberry muffin, the price came to about $33. It was a bit much for what you get, but in my opinion it was well worth it. I will be coming here again shortly to sit outside on the patio for more breakfast or maybe a late lunch and wine will be the next trip.
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2009,5/21/2010,305,161,10,16,15>What do you say about a man who decorates with bottles of Mad Dog 20/20?  Design rebel?  Lost on taste, but not inventory?  No matter, because you only worry about it when it doesn't work, and Chuck Bulnes seems to have a knack of making things work in ways you may not expect.  Like how to take a small cove on the south pacific coast of Mexico and move it indoors off Richmond in a building that has hosted no shortage of incarnations.  It was there I sat at the bar on a gorgeous afternoon.  Surrounded by the pastels and exotic furniture that matched the many framed photos of far off coastlines.   In fact, if things hadn't been so damn classy, including the waiters right out of a Tommy Bahama catalogue, I might have eased my mind into thinking I was under the palapa at that bare beach just south of PV.  Thankfully the GM, Brett, was available to give a couple of quick tips on the menu; seeing as I have a crippling case of dining indecision, and only 45 minutes to get the job done.  We went with one of the three "cebiches" and it was fantastic.  The only real shame of it was that I wasn't drinking, and was in a rush.  This was the single most complicated ceviche-type-dish ever placed in front of me.  I wanted to savor every bite....the light and tender scallops.....the bright rock shrimp...the hibiscus...the candied ginger....the pasilla chili oil.  I mean this isn't a purist's ceviche, but I don't normally eat ceviche and I could've sat there for an hour eating each individual piece.  The light citrus that carried through each note would've been perfectly matched to an ice cold Pacifico, but alas, daddy was on the clock. Think about that dish though.  What was good ole Chuck, the man who brought the fish taco to Houston, doing with candied ginger, hibiscus, and hominy in a ceviche?  It leads one to think there's something to who's in the kitchen.  Like Chuck was doing another one of his tricks.  And when you hear a resume that includes Morimoto and Jean-George on it, you know yep: A. things aren't quite as simple as they seem, and B. Chef L.J. Wiley's got some chops.  Not to mention local roots.The next course was a more traditional route, or so it seemed.  Two beautifully overflowing sopes.  Covered with grated cotija and a side dish of garnishes, they were a great follow to the light complexity of the ceviche, or to put it another way.....man food.  While the flavors collectively didn't have the subtlety or complexity that had been so great about the ceviche, it was tasty.  The garnishes allowed you to find the right flavor combo.  A dash of red finger chili here, some grated radish or cilantro there.  What did end up surprising me was how well the braised lamb held up to the avocado and cheese, yet wasn't a strong lamb flavor by itself.  It's called balance, and high end places trying at low brow food rarely do it well.I'd have to give a solid thumbs up to Yelapa.  Not just because my meal was great though.  There are two things that I'm a sucker for on Mexican menus: huitlacoche, and calabaza.  They're both here, and I tried neither.  Anytime I see a menu that has enough dishes to warrant multiple visits, I'm pretty excited.  So yeah, I'll be back.
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2009,5/20/2010,93,136,6,11,12>einnie meenie minnie moe....Scratch that-I want it ALL!!! The cutesy dinnerware, shower caps, stickers, stationary, egg beater, tupperware, fans, pens, bags, dog collars, gum, origami paper, keychains ohmyholymacaroni everything is just so doggone it cuteeeeeeeeeech! Okay, now that that's out of my system, let's start from he beginning. I'm a girl, I've always love Japanese stuff, and I couldn't wait to check out a place where you can get tons of it for $2-5 dollars a piece. After an appointment in Bellaire, I drove around for 15 minutes looking for this place. It is really hard to find. I called up two other yelpers for help (Thanks Holly, thanks Larae). This place is in the shopping center across from Sinh Sinh. You turn where Cafe lOl is and drive to the back, it's on the 2nd floor. Another well known place around here is KTV Karaoke. So hope that helps some people to find this awesome place. My favorite finds in here were these perfect sized bowls. Black on the outside, red on the inside with a really nice white design. They were $2 and I loved them because the didn't look plastic but really was. I also found some multicolored Asian soup spoons which is great, because my mom never lets me take hers out of the house. So these were perfect for me to stash at work. I also picked up some fans and to my surprise one was actually made with fabric-that is a much better than paper ones. Then I fell in love with their origami paper, I can't wait to start making lilies out of the ones I got. I also ended up picking up some cute post it notes and a set of colored pens. Now the really super duper cool thing about this place is the money you save. Origami paper at a hobby store? Easily $6-10. Those soup spoons at an Asian market? $2, for just one measly one. As for the stationary, anyone remembers Sanrio? That costs a pretty penny. And the dog collar I bought for my puppy was $16 at the pet store. For everything I got I paid about $23 total. Then to sweeten the pot they let me play the lottery and I won THREE FREE GIFTS. Granted you have to choose from a very small selection but it's FREE. I walked away with another toy for my puppy, a set of markers for my son, and a toilet seat cover. I was one happy customer. ***Bonus: Banana Leaf is in this same shopping center. Another incentive for me to come back!!!
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2009,5/19/2010,556,161,10,18,15>"When I'm with you baby,I go out of my head...and I just can't get enough.And I just can't get enough."-Depeche ModeIndeed, I just can't get enough of Etro! I normally go with anywhere between 1 and 10 other people and either way I always have a great time. I feel like the place is divided into 4 parts:1 - The downstairs has its bar. It gets really busy and bustling and you're always bound to meet someone new.2 - Whereas the other side of the room consists of a dance area, and some corners to sit and jam out at. The opposing wall is used for projected 80s movies. Occasionally they'll hook up the Atari for some good ol' Pacman or Space Invaders. I personally like to grab a Connect 4 or Battleship from the bartender and see how long I can drink till I start losing against my friends.3 - Upstairs is a much more relaxed lounge area. If I really want to talk to someone and get into some deep conversation over a drink and some "He-Man", I go upstairs where they have a smaller version of the downstairs bar and some very comfortable retro tron-looking couches. I spend the majority of my time upstairs or...4 - You might find me downstairs outside in the smoking area. Most people outside have the common goal of killing themselves slowly in mind and everyone at Etro is basically grown-up and mature and good to get along with. I spend a lot of time on the patio bumming cigarettes, meeting cool people, then going on inside to continue my business upstairs. It's very casual out there. If only they had more chairs.The drinks are great and the bar tenders try their hardest to make you what you are asking for, or what you're craving. I love the service. As busy as they've been getting, due to new management, they are maintaining really well. And lastly... what's better than letting your guard down over a couple drinks among friends and singing along with your favorite 80s songs? Nothing, that's what. If you want to meet cool folks, enjoy some great drinks, and get ejected back to the 80s for a few hours... then do what my friends and I do---"...we slip and slide as we fall in love. And [we] just can't seem to get enough of..."      you know the rest right?
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2009,5/17/2010,117,256,18,28,19>I too am a grad student here, and am laughing that there's space on here for me to review Rice! What could I possibly write? The academics here are phenomenal, both for undergraduates and grad students. This seems to be an amazing place to go to college as an undergrad- as the school is one of a select few in the country that uses a residential college system (Yale also does this), to break what is already an intimate college down into smaller enclaves. The undergrads here are smart, clearly motivated, and very diverse. I didn't expect to love Rice as much as I do- I'm a total East Coast academic elitist. I followed a faculty member from Cornell to Rice, and honestly, Rice deserves every accolade it gets. The collection of creative, inspiring, and PLEASANT people assembled here makes it a huge asset to Houston. I am humbled in my snobbery and now seek to convert others. If you aren't thinking of school here, then let me invite you to roam the campus. The library is open to everyone in the community, and the coffee pavilion has an amazing view of the gorgeous campus, some seriously hot students, and actually makes great coffee. Rice also offers open wireless, so there's no reason for Houstonians not to visit. This is the fourth institution (!) I have attended for a degree, and the seventh I have been affiliated with (!) and it's by far the friendliest. The Rice shuttle, which goes from the free parking lot way back by the stadium, to the loop, does NOT require the showing of Rice ID, so hop on board! Check out the photo I'll upload of the coffee pavilion so you know what to look for. p.s. Beware the squirrels. They fear you not, and they may just be more aggressive than your pasty white butt.
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2010,5/16/2010,119,124,14,14,13>It looks like meat,It smells like meat,It taste like meat,But wait it's really soy protein.This is probably my favorite vegetarian restaurant to dine at. As you walk into the restaurant, you will notice that the decor is outdated and there isn't anything fancy at all about this place other than the flat screen TV. What this place lacks in style it shines through on its food! Here is a list of some of my favorite dishes in no particular order:Pecking Duck - I like the flavors of this dish and the soy protein even has a skin layer on it like a real piece of duck does. The sauce makes this dish for me as it right amount of saltiness and herbs. I also enjoy the texture of this dish.Thai Sour Soup - Mmmmm......this dish is spicy! This is a traditional Vietnamese soup called Canh Chua which translates to Sour Soup. It has tons of yummy veggies included in the soup. It has a mix of spicy and sour flavors and it goes great with a bowl of rice.Eggplant in Spicy Sauce - If you love eggplants as much as I do, then you will enjoy this dish. Salted Pork in Pot - I love this dish with soy protein pieces and mushrooms. The sauce is so good that it will make you forget about meat.I could probably go down the entire menu but, you should just go try it out for yourself! The service is good but, it can get pretty busy so get there early! The dishes are moderately priced. P.S. No animals were killed for my dining experience
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,5/15/2010,178,1288,11,11,14>I looked around for Grandma but couldn't find her.  She must have been in there somewhere, because all of the things I remember about visiting grandma were present.  The Shag carpeting on the bathroom walls, the Barry Manilow records, the clock with the kitten and baby chick on it... but she was no where to be found.When I first walked into Pete & Shorty's Tavern, I was so confused. We were seated at what appeared to be a table from a cheap 1980's restaurant complete with fake wood laminate and cheap red and black metal chairs. As we sat there and looked over the menu, we noticed that the floor was linoleum, the ceiling had fake wood tiles, and there was a dance floor with cheap parquet flooring. On the walls hung records from Barry Manilow, Tom Jones, and Guy Lombardo. I'm still wondering about the Kiss album on the wall. There were also horribly cheesy paintings of flowers, mirrors etched with flowers, and shelves full of tea pots and other kitschy items.  The music was also from the 80's with favorites like Bon Jovi. I don't know that I've ever been in a truly 80's themed restaurant before.  I'm not sure if this place is supposed to be Grandma's place or an 80's restaurant.  I actually think it's Grandma's house IN the 1980's.  So bizarre.  What do people in their teens and early 20's think of this place?? Do they get the references? but enough about my childhood...This place has a large outdoor bar with TV's and drink specials. There is an indoor bar complete with pool table, photo booth, video games, and a shuffle board table. We ordered and I can honestly say I was very skeptical of what the food. I wondered how good the food could be with this theme. We were pleasantly surprised.  I ordered 'The King' ($5.95) which is a breaded pork cutlet sandwich with crinkle cut fries ($1.50). The sandwich was really good! The fries were a little too Ore Ida frozen fries for me... but the sandwich was very good.  My husband got the 'Kansas City BBQ chicken Sandwich' ($4.95) which was really really good! We shared both sandwiches and I wish I could steal the chicken all for myself. The bbq sauce was good, the chicken was plentiful and yummy! I was really amazed at the prices too, I think the menu must be from the 80's as well!We will definitely be back to try even more items on the menu and to continue to look for my grandmother from the 80's.  We were eying the cobbler for dessert but just didn't have room.  We saw another table get the nachos and they were HUGE.Location: This is where the Ruby Tuesday's used to be, on the south side of 59 next to Methodist hospital. It's easiest to access from the feeder.
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,5/14/2010,103,89,7,9,10>2/7/2011: Review update from 4 to 5 stars cuz they are just that goodThis is one bad ass taco truck!My bro came for a visit from Toronto and he had one thing on his mind: Tacos. So we did a little taco touring.For him, Ultimo Taco Truck was the clear winner. This is the only place I've found where all tacos cost $1.50 and come topped with grilled onions, cilantro, avocado and cheese.There wasn't a taco we didn't like. Fajita, barbacoa, pollo, milanesa, they were all good. However the pastor was the ultimo taco of the bunch. Their seasoning is very unique and there are several bold spices that I just can't put my finger on, but give it a very distinct flavor. Delicious.We ate here almost every day last week, sometimes even making multiple trips. After all those tacos you'd think I'd be sick of them, but I could really go for another one right now.
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2009,5/13/2010,2,225,5,11,9>Finally, my long, dark drought far from sushi the way I enjoy it, is over. I lived on coastal New England for about 15 years. You get used to eating really excellent, really fresh seafood living in a place like that. So, for me, what sushi is about, what's really going on, is creating an experience in which you can -really- taste seafood. It is this wonderfully Japanese juxtaposition of incredibly serious, complex and ritualized technique to produce a food that is simply arresting, elegant and tasty. I mean, let's face it. These are the people who turned serving a guest a cup of tea into a ritual that takes most of a lifetime of dedicated instruction and practice to perfect. It should be no shock that the act of eating fish so fresh you can eat it raw is something that they've put more than a little thought into. And so I have, from time to time, been known to rant a bit about the American obsession with sushi rolls. Especially big, complex rolls with too many ingredients, and too many of the kinds of ingredients that mean you can't taste the fish. I'm sorry, I don't care what anyone says, tempura batter does not belong on or anywhere near my sushi. In venues I trust I have been known to have a spicy roll as a change of pace when I know the chef is not going to drown my fish in hot sauce. For me, the joy of sushi is putting a piece of nigiri in your mouth and being able to taste the fish, the rice, the vinegar, the soy sauce and the wasabi. Each are present and balanced. I have been known to spend 10 minutes talking about the experience of eating a fresh, raw, diver scallop resting on a lozenge of vinegared rice. As far as I am concerned, it is both proof that there is a god, and proof that god is not a vegetarian. In my experience, the best places to have sushi that makes you talk this way is almost never in any place that is high profile, flashy, trendy, overly large, or anyplace where the decor looks like it was done by a professional. This is, I suppose, its own kind of reverse snobbery, wherein I assert that sushi shops are only "great" if they are humble. Maybe someday I will find a venue that breaks the rule, but so far, no go. Even the highly vaunted Haruki in Rhode Island is -better- at the older, more humble location than in their newer, trendier second location. Ginza, is humble. But in a truly wonderful way. And, in keeping with Houston tradition, is located in a strip mall. The staff here are all genuinely friendly, helpful, and informative. It is the kind of place that makes me want to sit at the sushi bar, and get to know the chef very, very well. But, as I rarely go to sushi alone, this has yet to happen. I ordered my typical large combo plate which, here, consists of a tuna maki roll that was mostly tuna, and then several pieces of nigiri (none of which were tuna, which I thought was a very nice touch). Each item was bright, clean, fresh, soft, and wonderfully presented. The octopus was the least chewy piece of octopus I have ever had. Normally I am disappointed when one of my pieces is the grilled eel in sauce. While I enjoy this piece quite a bit, having -one- warm, greasy item in the midst of a whole meal of cool, clean things is always a bit weird. This was the least greasy eel I have had, and it was barely warm, which was almost better than if it had been fresh off the grill. A big plus is that their nigiri are bite sized instead of two bite sized. Sushi was originally street food, and thus finger food. You're supposed to be able to pick it up, and pop it into your mouth. Many places have, in deference to American ideas about food, begun making their nigiri much larger, requiring you to bite them in half. With most things, this is no problem. But I triple dog dare you to find a way to bite a piece of squid nigiri in half without destroying the whole thing. So, this was great. Plus it means you have room to try more things. I also tried a scallop roll, because rolls are supposed to be the meal ender, to ensure you're full. I didn't really need one, here. The portions in the combo were generous and the miso soup and salad were delicious and did their part to fill me. Half a scallop roll, or maybe a couple more nigiri would have finished me off. As it was, I felt like I was waddling a bit when we left. But hey, one never feels more decadent than when one feels just a touch uncomfortably full on sushi of all things. If you don't like sushi, they have an incredibly comprehensive menu. Heck, some kids at a table behind us had french fries that looked pretty good. They also have a couple of traditional, formal, private rooms if you want to bring a group. Just don't tell too many of your friends, because I need Ginza to stay humble so that I don't go another 2 and a half years wishing I could have some decent sushi.
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2010,5/12/2010,108,106,14,27,20>No more will I have to sit around with my friends, bouncing bar names and trying to remember who does Karaoke on which night. Boo that. There is a new kid in town- Glitter Karaoke!Not only are there a volumes of songs ready to be slaughtered at the alter of Karaoke, there is a palpable vibe of love for karaoke. I mean- when you have a door-guy that WRECKS Stevie Ray- Texas Flood, you know you are in a different kind of joint. The drinks are reasonable for a entertainment/drink joint and there are options.... too many options. Served up by a guy who calls himself Tomcat (a real kidder that guy) who is ready with a wink for the ladies and a terrible karaoke selection to go with the cold glasses of courage that he slings. There are private rooms that are super legit and can be set-up with booze bottles and mixers. Where is my microphone?There is no reason this place wont become the de-facto joint for drizzly Thursday nights, girls night out (so says my wife), and the satisfaction of being a rockstar for 3 minutes and 23 seconds. What did I sing?The ballad of chasey lain- Bloodhound GangBoys in the hood- Dynamite HackYou Never Even Call Me By My Name -David Allan Coeas well as screaming the lyrics to any number of songs "doooood I soooo should have sung this sooonngggg..."Advil anyone?
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2009,5/11/2010,466,956,11,14,10>Took me long enough to visit this bar! Since yesterday was Lovely Eva K's birthday, I had the opportunity to kill two birds with one stone! (Eva is still alive!!) Anvil is what I call a "Lofty" bar. I really think it looks like a loft. It is an open room, with a few glass walls and a little porch. I guess the wooden tables give it the finishing "lofty" touch. The bar is very nice and a very good size. There is also a lot of comfortable seating. There were four bartenders who were really working their "booties" off. Did I fail to mention the place was packed!?? Please forgive me, because they were (most definitely) at full capacity! Regardless of that, they were quick and tried to get everyone their drink as soon as possible. The menu has some very interesting drinks, but I opted for the KNOCKERBUCKER (thanks to Eren M.!). My drink was very very strong and at $8, I really didn't think it was too expensive. Parking was a little crazy, but there is a lot of parking if you are willing to walk a block or two. Do not park in the tow away zones, they WILL take your car (Danielle S. gave me that info). I had a wonderful time and will definitely be back.
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2010,5/10/2010,56,172,2,6,7>I went back in Aerosol Warfare Gallery & Boutique with a great friend of mine and really got to meet and talk with the owner Gonzo.  I am changing my whole outlook on  the gallery based on having gotten to spend a little time talking to this wonderful man.  The first time I went it was a little overcrowded and hot and I wasn't feeling the scene.Not only do they offer art classes here but they really go all out to bring out the artist in everyone seeking their help.  The gallery seems to be morphing into a new look and instead of closing up shop for the change over,  it welcomes regulars in to get their much needed art supplies and discuss art work styles.  The artist spent a long time with me discussing the technique used on various banners and how to insure that the paint absorbed well and went on with a smooth appearance even though it was evident that I didn't plan on spending any money at that time.  I will definelty think of them first and last for any art projects I work on in the future.
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2010,5/9/2010,152,164,10,25,14>The Glasscock School of Continuing Studies offers a variety of Professional Development and Foreign Language courses. I took two levels of Portuguese there last year. It's actually my first language, as it was always spoken at home along with English, but when I started Kindergarten I spoke English only from that point forward. I took on this bad habit that many Americans with two-language households do - I respond to my parents in English while they talk to me in Portuguese. My job has me doing some International projects, mostly in Brazil. Having no formal training in the language, I quickly realized I needed to find a solution. Writing emails on a six-year old illiterate child level (barely with the use of Babelfish) certainly isn't a respectable way of conducting business. Fortunately, for me, I learned that Rice was offering Portuguese for the first time starting in Spring 2009. Classes met twice a week for one and a half hours and were lead by a native speaker. What I liked is that although she was Brazilian, she did teach all the different dialects (Portugal, Mozambique, Angola) so as to suit the needs of everyone in the class. The classroom was small and, at the most, had 12 students. There were people in the oil industry, a lawyer who worked at the Portuguese Consulate, worldly linguists, and those planning trips to Brazil or Portugal in the near future. I wouldn't recommend taking language courses here if you have never had any type of exposure to the language you're studying and/or this is your first time ever learning a second language. Maybe it's just because Portuguese is such a difficult language to learn (the grammar is insane) but a lot of people who were taking it for the first time didn't last after a few weeks. Just because it's noncredit doesn't mean you won't have to study and do the assignments. Like any other course, you'll take whatever you put into it. Those that had some conversational exposure to Portuguese or who previously studied Spanish, French, or Italian did do well.Parking is included in the course fees. On the first day of class, you'll get a parking tag that will let you park in the stadium lot. In the springtime, you'll need to get there early if there's a baseball game that night.
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2009,5/8/2010,122,80,5,9,9>The famous "Andre's" Cafes of Houston just opened up their 3rd restaurant, this time in Rice Village where the short lived Mission Burrito used to sit (next to Baker Street Pub and across from Brian O'Neill's).  Great new location, same amazing food!  Wow I love this place!  I'm more familiar with their lunch items but today I went there for breakfast and their crepes were out of this WORLD!!!Is Andre's French or Swiss? I don't know? I'm not sure I really care.  All I know is they serve top notch breakfast and lunch and their pastries are legendary in Houston.  At my old office I used to bring boxes of their pastries from the River Oaks location and I was like a GOD in that company (for a couple of weeks anyways).Thierry Andre Tellier Cafe also recently won Best Pastry Chef in Houston by My Table, so obvioulsy they're doing something right.Check out this new location, not too many people know about it so it's nice and serene for the moment.I noticed they built a great private party area in this new location so it's the perfect spot for private outings.  I'm thinking of throwing a small company Christmas party here actually.  But my friend told me their location in Uptown has become THE place for throwing baby showers so I can definitely see that happening in this location as well.
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2010,5/7/2010,269,274,18,16,14>WARNING........WARNING!! This is only the second time I have walked into an Indian restaurant since I've lived in Houston. I know, SHAMEFUL! especially with the Indian community in Houston I should take advantage of it. The wife is not a fan, and when I'm on my own for lunch I typically stay the course, tacos or burgers.Because of my lack of experience my rating will have nothing to do with the authenticity of the cuisine, but with the fact that I really liked the food. I also had no idea what any of the food is called, I just followed Linh, Gretchen, and Edgar's lead. I actually liked the food so much, I didn't realize it was a Vegetarian Indian buffet til I sat at the table with my second plate. I was overcome by the aromas and curiosity that I didn't notice any meat. Everything smelled so good, but I didn't know what to get, so I got everything. If you would have seen how full my plate was you would of thought I was a pro at this Indian Buffet thing. What I do remember is the Mushroom Tikka Massala, Dosa, and Samosas. The Eggplant Curry was delicious and I was able to use the Naan to sop up all the spicy sauces from my tin plate. I really liked the food and I will be back for sure. I was not a big fan of the tin platter, I felt like I should be in a chow line in prison and some Aryan nut job named Tiny would be scooping slop onto my plate. That of course was not the case just great food for less than $10 with some really good service.
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2009,5/6/2010,165,170,4,13,9>Calling all carnivores! Step right up to Rainbow Lodge! This cabin-like restaurant is pretty massive and set atop a huge plot of land. Complimentary valet awaited us and we stepped in for a nice Saturday dinner. I just love places like these, screw the modern, industrial look, I like the intimate cozy house-like restaurants. This place is fairly complex for a cabin, with upstairs and down stairs dining areas and even some hidden dining areas. We were seated at one of the best seats in the house. We immediately ordered a nice Merlot to accompany the red meat festivities we were about to encounter. We browsed the menu, which had ordinary and out of the ordinary menu items. We were very adventurous that night and decided to order the Slow Smoked Duck Gumbo, when this arrived we apprehensively dove right in. It had great smokey flavor and the duck had a succulent rich flavor. It gets the nod of approval. On to the main course, I ordered the Bison Ribeye and my boyfriend ordered a sample of everything, a hunter's paradise (sounds horrible I know), a sample of venison, duck, and elk. My bison ribeye was juicy, but not fatty. It was perfectly seasoned. My boyfriend's dish on the other hand was fairly average, the star being the duck the worst being the elk, which was fairly gamey. So if you want to take a walk on the wild side and broaden your food spectrum, then give Rainbow a try. It will not disappoint.
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2010,5/5/2010,156,216,10,11,10>I could totally murder another one of those, I'd be hurting after, but it would totally be worth it.  I'm talking about the burgers here...simply, awe inspiring. To be more specific, THE RANCOR and that is pronounced The Rancor. Oh and by the way, this sucker has an egg on it! It blew my mind. Sweetness on a burger in the form of an egg.So a buddy tells me today, "how would you like to have the best burger of your life?" I don't know if a person in their right mind can say no to that. So I went. I ate. And I believe.  This burger is not only good, it's not only great, it's mouth watering goodness. That my friend is an understatment.  So if your feeling like seafood, you can eat this burger and it will hit the spot. Or if your feeling like BBQ and you eat this burger, then it will hit the spot. Or maybe, just maybe, your feeling crazy for some Indian food, then yes, it will hit the spot.  This burger is so good, that no matter what your in the mood for, whether it's chicken, noodles or women, it WILL hit your spot. The spot that makes your toes curle and it makes you lean back in your chair and open your mouth with a big AAWWWEEEEE!! It will make you go to the bar and grab another beer because yes, the beer here is alcholic sweetness.  It was like gold in liquid form... mmmm.......This burger is ridiculous. Ridiculous in the fact that it is so stinking good!!! So stinking amazing and so stinking...stinking goooooooddd!!!This place is cool and it is going to be my new favorite joint. It has the right mood to set the mood, it has the perfect number of seats to accompany your group and it has the perfect staff to make you smile. I am just at a loss for words about how much of a surprise this place is to me. To be honest, walking in I was not expecting this amount of greatness.  Splendor, exqisit, and spectaticlur!!!!Go here and be amazed.
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2009,5/4/2010,115,362,7,11,9>After inhaling the noxious fumes of everyday life - literally on the freeways and figuratively in the office - Antidote is the cure. An austere, loft-like interior with concrete floors, exposed brick walls and HVAC ducts stands in marked contrast to the colorful photography and paintings by local artists which adorn the walls. Perhaps because of this spare aesthetic the friendliness of the staff is set off in heightened bas relief. Ask about any of the fresh teas and pastries, or anything on the menu and you'll get a quick smile and a knowledgeable answer.Inside is generally quiet, with individual tables dominating the layout, often with people reading or working on their own. But some vintage furniture and sofas, and one of the most comfortable couches around (perhaps bequeathed by the Brady's), often seat groups cheerfully chatting away. The patio on the side and tables out front are more social, and neighborhood families with kids in tow often gather in the evening. I've also seen a couple of open mic nights.From 4-7 enjoy happy hour prices like $1 shots of espresso or specials on beer, and the sandwiches are serious business - personal fave is the "roast beast" with brie. Or, if it's too hot outside to even think about a traditional coffee, try the "cajeta" - an iced Mexican latte made with goat's milk and caramel. Deliciosa. Antidote is truly a Heights treasure.
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2010,5/3/2010,160,218,6,9,10>Places like this dont really need any more reviews but i had such great service and good food that I think it deserves it. I called in to get a table for 12 for my birthday and I was warned ahead of time that they were not going to be able to set a reservation until 8:45 but that we probably werent going to sit for a while after that because there were tons of people there. Fair enough.Once we get there the hostess was already apologetic and said that she would sit us as soon as a bigger table was free. We went upstairs to get drinks and waited around for a while until I went back down to just check and see what our ETA to the table would be. The hostess then said they had to sit the people who were there before us (which they should), but that again she was sorry and that they would give us the Chefs table when it became available AND they gave us 3 appetizers for free because of the "inconvenience". We got Kobe Beef Meatballs, Calamarai, and some crab, cheese mix. All three were awesome, specifically the Kobe Beef Meatballs. I ordered a nut encrusted chicken plate with asparagus, spinach, and potatoes as the sides. This was awesome as well. Since I told them this was to celebrate my birthday, they gave us a chocolate cake covered with more chocolate. No complaints whatsoever. Everybody left happy and impressed with the food and nobody left paying more than 30 bucks. I will definitely be making a trip back.
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2009,5/2/2010,273,77,13,14,16>Ladies, swimsuit season is upon us and you know what that means, time to chant: "Pain is gain!" and get that bikini/Brazilian wax done, right?Actually this was my first time letting someone near my intimates for beautifying purposes and I'm not gonna lie...I was dead nervous!  My friend reassured me that I would want to be deflowered by Sue, because she's simply the best.So I made my appointment and showed up on time and waited on Sue in the lobby.  I really liked the atmosphere at Urban Retreat.  Yes, definitely a little River Oaks shi-shi, but not to an uncomfortable level.  Sue is a petite upbeat lady from Lebanon who has lived in Houston for 20+ years and has picked up the habit of calling everyone "girl" or "sweetie" I found it terrifically amusing.  She's efficient, fast and makes good conversation during the process, definitely putting me at ease.  Yes I was sore a little bit afterwards but I guess that's the price you pay for looking good?  The wax was nice 'n warm and left my skin feeling baby butt soft!  I had to steer away from the little boutique when paying my bill, too many cute expensive gifts I could have blown my money on... But I'll be definitely seeing Sue for my next extraction and maybe a facial as well!
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,5/1/2010,124,160,13,11,13>Last minute date night dinner.  We sat at the bar and had a great time.  I was really nervous about going to this particular restaurant.  I don't clean up that well and it's pretty fancy and all.The bartender, Richard, was super accommodating.  I ordered a Pimm's Cup, but after much searching, he was unable to produce a cucumber.  So, we replaced it with a margarita.  It was delicious.  My husband and I shared the chopped salad, the crab bread pudding, and the "chefs playground".  The chopped salad was large, a good value.  It was mighty tasty.  My favorite was the crab and mushroom bread pudding.  They only issue I had with it was there was an overwhelming amount of sauce.  My husband was a huge fan of the "chef's playground".  I can't help but put it in quotes.  Who decides to call a dish, "chef's playground"?  That is just about the silliest name I have ever heard for a dish.  It is made up of a variety of meats and relishes.  Each of them delightful in totally different ways.    My favorite part of my experience was how SO VERY casual the atmosphere was at the bar.  Even I was comfortable.  There were employees eating their shift meal.  The manager was sitting at the bar  doing paperwork.  Another employee who apparently had been off for a family thing was checking in.  Everyone (mostly all employees) was just casually hanging out it seemed.  Granted we came in at 9:30 or so.  But, it really suited me.  The restaurant is stunningly beautiful.  The main dining areas were populated with the exact type people I thought it would be.  Many suits and cocktail attired older folks.  If ever my sons grow up and get married to a débutante,  I plan to host their engagement party at Brennan's.  It looks like a perfect venue for a débutante.  But since I lost my tiara, I'll just stick to the bar until that theoretical fateful day.
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2010,4/30/2010,113,62,8,11,11>I love ice cream, absolutely loooooooooove it.  I love it so much that I don't keep any at home because I'll eat it all in one sitting.  Sure, some of you are saying that gelato isn't ice cream, but it belongs in the same family...except for sorbet (such an ice cream wannabe).  The shop itself is unassuming, located in a strip mall that houses a few other business, including a tanning salon (cuz even faux tanners need ice cream after baking, right?).   The interior is small but cute:  on the left, a wall of blue booth-type seating with small bistro style tables and chairs so that one can form their own seating area.  On the right, gelato, gelato and more gelato...oh, and the awesome guy behind the register.  As others have said, this guy was on the ball and knew his ice cream.  I had a few questions about numerous flavors and he was unflappable, expertly describing all the flavors.  Even though there was a long line, the fellow never rushed you and he never lost his cool (tee-hee, sorry, just had to do it).  I could go into the flavors, but you should really just get your tush down there and experience it for yourself...you won't regret it.  Such smoothness, such creaminess, the consistency doing a slow sensuous dance in your mouth.  This stuff is so good it's almost criminal.  Did you know you can get whatever number of flavors you want?  As long as it fits in the cup, you can get it.  The servings won't be as large as a serving of one flavor, but if you want 10 flavors in a medium cup, you'll get it.  I ended up getting four flavors in a large cup - yummy!  Pricewise, I thought it was very decently priced for gelato.  My large cup ended up being a little over $5.  Five dollars worth of sunshine.
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2009,4/29/2010,386,171,10,16,16>Class, I've observed, can be divided into two categories. The type that condescends those of lesser degrees of sophistication, and the type that is...well...classy enough to understand that sometimes mistakes are made. Fortunately, Cezanne lands fully in the second group.It's a very sophisticated establishment, intimate, elegant, and dark, and while there isn't an official or enforced dress code the clientele generally shows up on the formal side of casual. When I went, nobody remembered to relay this information to me. Since I was living in Montrose at the time, I ended up going out in my usual attire - tight jeans and an ironic t-shirt. Because fashion is my slave, not vice versa. What I love about this place is that nobody gave me any sort of grief for my glaring faux pas, probably because they're classy enough to know not to judge people on their clothes. Or because they remember the near-universal experience of mistaken and/or misunderstood dress code and empathized with my situation. For the most part, Cezanne attracts a much older crowd, but I don't mind one bit. They aren't the type to try and cheesily schmooze with the younger folks or ask your attractive friends to go home with them. Or even get absolutely blitzed and cause a scene. Like I said before...it's the epitome of true class. I enjoy jazz, but don't know much about it yet. All the same, though, the live music featured here is absolutely top-notch, highly entertaining, and usually lasts for hours. An excellent place to go for music, not so much a personal conversation. If it weren't for the drink prices (the only thing preventing a full 5-star rating), Cezanne would probably rival Catbird's for my default bar. I loved the bartenders' cheerful attitudes, loved the music, loved the drinks, and loved talking to the people in between songs. And, of course, I loved that nobody looked at me funny for walking in grossly underdressed. But now I know, and knowing is half the battle.
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2010,4/28/2010,393,766,6,13,10>Catalan is officially my new favorite restaurant in Houston.  I'd been a few times in the past and always been very, very happy with the qualify of food and service, but this last visit clenched the spot in my heart (and tummy) for favorite.  We did the "sandbox tasting" which is $80 per person (not including alcohol).  Let me just start off by saying that this is incredibly misleading.  This is not a true tasting menu--the portions are too crazy huge!  This turned out to be basically a 7 course meal.  I was so full by the 5th course I wanted to cry.  In a good way.  But cry nonetheless.We started off with a serving of the pork bellies and they were heavenly--nice and warm still with so much flavor it was unbelievable.  This was a normal start: an appetizer portion for us to both share.  Had we stayed at these sizes, I might have made it through more of the food!Then we had the wagyu carpaccio that was just perfection.  Well, those jalapenos did have quite the bite at the end, but it was well worth the fiery mouthful.  Then came a huge plate of oysters that I'm guessing was off the menu (hubs is allergic to fish, so we had some substitutions).  I'm already a huge oyster fan, but these had melted guyere (I think) and it just slid down the throat in that seafood-y goodness that just makes you sigh with happiness.  It was on a bed of some kind of whipped potato concoction that had me begging for more.  And since the oysters were enormous and since the hubs has texture issues with seafood that big, it just meant more for me!  The next plate was a variety from the street food section.  Again, let me clarify that this was an $80 tasting menu which I probably would've paid for the three courses we already started off with!  This round came with the sweetbread tacos, duck confit pupusas,  and the crispy pork rillette fritters.  This was probably one of my least favorite plates served that night and yet I think I managed to finish it all.  I was keen on trying the sweetbread and it definitely had that organ-y taste to it that reminded me a bit too much of childhood meals.  Nevertheless, it was all very creative and delicious.  My favorite out of the three was probably the pupusas which had a wonderful sauce to compliment the duck.By this time I'm getting pretty full.  I thought it was odd to have no major protein for a tasting menu but attributed it to my husband's food allergies (he's allergic to about half the menu) so I waited expectantly for the desserts to come out.  Instead, I got a pot roast (I think)--and this is NOT your mamma's pot roast!  It may not have actually been a pot roast, but it it had the same feel about it while somehow managing to be upscale.  Impressively flavorful and tender and I got about halfway through the plate before giving up.The last protein was a steak.  And I just kind of looked at the waiter with a blank stare on my face.  Seriously?  Not even a small portion of steak, but a good sized hunk of meat that would've been plenty just as an entree by itself.  Needless to say, I only got a few bites into it before I had it boxed up.I knew at this point that we still had a dessert course waiting for us and I just couldn't imagine anything else going into my belly.  I figured that we'd get one dessert to split and we'd make it about halfway through before passing out into a food coma.  Instead, our waiter brought us plate after plate of desserts.  I couldn't tell if it was because they were already closed at that point and wanted to get rid of their desserts or if there was some kind of sick joke being played on us by the waitstaff to see if we'd actually explode from that much food.  We ended up with: 1) the bourbon pecan caramel glazed profieteroles and buttermilk ice cream (I ate most of this since the hubs is allergic to pecans--and I just couldn't get enough of the ice cream) 2) the fudge pudding sauce over dark chocolate ice cream (I had two bites before the richness of the fudge did me in!) 3) the chef's playground.The Chef's Playground dessert needs its own paragraph.  It is a chocolate charcuterie set up to look like a plate of meats and cheeses.  These chocolates were so delicious (and I'm not even a chocolate person) and the plating was so cute that it was beyond words.  I loved that we got little cheese knives for the chocolate.  The bottom line is that the food here is phenomenal as it is, but the crazy prices that they have for their tasting menu should mean that every single person should be lining up just for that.  For our seven courses (again, almost everything was a full portion size), it was only $80 per person.  Seriously.  I really need another reason to celebrate with another night out at Catalan.  Soon.
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2010,4/27/2010,77,240,12,14,15>Found it! I have been searching for a good coffee/tea place in the Downtown/Midtown area that is not Starbucks and now I can search no more. The drinks are good and reasonably priced, they have hot food, bakery items and some healthy wraps. The thing is I found this place ages ago when Comcast had their Midtown service center next door. Then Comcast decided that people who live in Downtown who have to replace a DVR would much rather drive miles across town to Bellaire, but that's another story. I couldn't remember the name or exact location of the coffee shop I had really liked and could not look it up with a Comcast search because..well, see above. But I digress, great coffee, free wifi, nice staff, it's a keeper.
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2009,4/26/2010,20,31,7,10,12>1939. Bob Dylan once, famously wrote, "The Times They Are A-Changin'" Well, not in this theatre located on West Grey and Shepherd surrounded by the epitome of times actually changing. There are, count them, two, yes TWO, Starbucks on parallel street corners; a new Barnes & Noble monstrosity pulling a page straight from the movie "You've Got Mail," invoking the fictional Fox Books. Yet, the River Oaks Theatre has stuck to its guns. It's dashing and debonair signage billowing over the commercialized street like a "shimmering light" from the Eagles song Hotel California. You walk into the rotunda under the sign and are swept away to better times, better places where movie theatres were the only source of entertainment for Jack and Diane on a Saturday night - of course, the prices had to change.Inside there is obvious evidence that the theatre has kept to its original design and aesthetic appeal. From the carpet to the stairway leading upstairs, I cannot think of another historical theatre I have been to that has kept to its originality. As you walk up the grand stairway, be sure to take note of the pictures lining the walls of the theatre's history; it is mind blowing to say the least.There are three screens, two upstairs and one downstairs. I must say that I have yet to see a showing on the main screen. A bar upstairs serves your regular beer and some mixed drinks that you can actually take with you into the movie (+1 for that!) The chairs in the two screening rooms I've been in aren't your regular, modern chairs. They remain rigid and straight up...this requires that you either keep posture or slouch with your legs on top the chair in front of you. I realize that this is just keeping with the original design and I don't think it deserves any drop in value of the theatre's rating for the chairs. The one thing I wish they would do is do a restore of the ceilings and walls - it seems this would be within keeping to the vintage atmosphere. Otherwise, this theatre is great. Their selection of movie choices is above-par than many others in the area and they give student discounts with a valid ID. I love the fact that they offer Rocky Horror Picture Show screenings and even some movies that haven't graced the screen in some time. If John Dillinger were living in Houston during 1939, he would have chose this theatre to be shot outside of, for sure.Experience history and breath in the air of those that have come before...they've been around for 70 years, they must be doing something right.
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2010,4/25/2010,138,127,6,13,12>What's up, Cupcake! is a mobile dessert airstram serving up delish homemade baked goods. I saw them in the parking lot of Cedar Creek after running a few errands like a silver beacon glistening in the sun. I knew I had to come back and bring my kiddies to sample their treats. They are on day two of being in business and were already out of the signature vanilla cupcakes, but still had strawberry, chocolate and banana's left. I got to sample all three playing "Can mommy have a bite?" with the kids and each had a strong rich flavor and super moist cake style. At $2.50 a pop, they are less expensive and definitely more accessible than certain other cupcake joints and in the Heights! They'll be taking up residence in the parking lot of Cedar daily, I was told. I had to make up their address, because as of yet, they didn't have business cards, but did say they were available to do mobile events, parties and more. Follow them on twitter @whatsupcupcake9
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2010,4/24/2010,196,278,8,18,17>With the whirlwind departure of Chef John Tesar from his self-named restaurant in the Woodlands, we were concerned that the kitchen might be losing its mojo.  After all, John Tesar, the bad boy chef depicted in Anthony Bourdain's Kitchen Confidential, had to be the heart and soul of the place. His sudden departure left us wondering what would become of Tesar's, and of a spectacular hamburger, the Magic.We decided to find out.  We visited for lunch with a foodie friend, and looked for changes.And we found them.The first thing we noticed were subtle changes in the bar / informal dining room.  New linens provided a crisp yet relaxed feel.  Gone were the signs with John Tesar's cartoon likeness, something we always thought was slightly cheesy.The service was as prompt and professional as always.  We've dined here a half-dozen times, and our server remembered us and our preferences.  The entire vibe of the restaurant was significantly more relaxed and upbeat than before.Our server suggested that we try a new appetizer, and we took her advice.  What appeared was a lovely tuna tartare, expertly presented over a bed of crushed ice.The dish combined coarsely chopped tuna, a bit of wasabi-tapiko roe and roasted cashews.  It was served over a mango puree dusted with sesame seeds.  The result was outstanding; the tropical sweetness of the mango balanced the Asian tang of the wasabi, and the cashews provided a crunchy, smoky counterpoint to the aquatic flavor of the tender, fresh tuna.  The roe snapped delightfully on the tongue, adding a small surprise that made us smile.Next was the main course - the Magic burger, a cheeseburger we consider to be among Houston's very best.  Would the departure of John Tesar ruin this work of beefy art?We were greeted by this beautifully arranged creation, flanked by the assortment of pickles and the addictive cherry tomatoes marinated with aged balsamic vinegar.  These accouterments had lost none of their zing.  But it was time to sample the burger.We've tried the Magic on several occasion, but it appears that the new talent in the kitchen has taken this already superlative burger to new heights.  There's something slightly different about the beef; the flavor was even more sublime, and the ooze factor was slighly higher, and perfectly balanced with the melty cheese. Our curiosity was now piqued; who is the talent behind this even-better burger and the wonderful new appetizer?The answer comes in two parts.  With the departure of Chef Tesar, two of his sous chefs have been promoted to Co-Executive Chefs.  "Co-Executive Chefs"?  At first this seemed odd to us, but after talking with the chefs, it makes perfect sense.Helming the kitchen are the new Dynamic Duo - Chef Austin Simmons (left) and Chef Jeromy Robison.  They've been working at Tesar's since it opened.  Both have a strong background working with some of the best in the business, having spent time in the kitchens of John Tesar and Wolfgang Puck.  Each has a slightly different specialty; Chef Simmons focuses on the meat dishes, and Chef Robison's passion is with the fish.This arrangement is eminently suited to Tesar's.  On one hand, it's a modern steak house, with a wonderful selection of steaks and superlative hamburgers.  On the other, it's a contemporary seafood restaurant, featuring fish from the Gulf Coast and those flown in from around the world.  While it is certainly possible to be a creative genius who can execute both meat and fish dishes, the Simmons/Robison approach has great merit.  These two creative men can bounce ideas off of each other, and while each can focus on his particular area of focus, both can contribute ideas to the other side of the menu.Talking with these two chefs was a delight.  Unlike some executive chefs who believe that they're God's gift to cooking (we won't mention any names) these young men are focused on delighting their patrons, and enjoy the fact that they can practice an art that "they are pretty good at".If our meal was any indication, "pretty good" doesn't come close to describing their talent.We walked in concerned that Tesar's would go down hill with the departure of John Tesar.  Now we're confident that Austin Simmons and Jeromy Robison will take this restaurant to even greater heights.  There are now two more young chefs to watch in the Houston area.
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2009,4/23/2010,40,161,11,10,11>So I have been suffering from a never ending flu , hope its swine flu atleast its something popular. Anyhow my review. Whole Foods has one of the best soups in Houston !  Although my taste buds aren't as functional as they normally are I can still taste the goodness. So as I mentioned I have been sick lately and have no energy to cook and have been stocking on their soups. I think I have tried pretty much everything there. My fav is their barley with lemon chicken and carrots, red bean soup , and lentils with spinach soup. Every soup is good here ..their tomato basil soup however tastes more like a pizza sauce (not good). Their tortilla soup isn't bad either , its a little spicy though. Tried their cioppino soup yesterday , it was all tomatoes and broth , I dunked my spoon one or twice to find some seafood but was fairly disappointed. Oh well .. Every Rose Has Its Thorns
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2009,4/22/2010,53,60,10,14,12>Mamma mia, this place is allsome. I'm no pizza expert, but the thin crusted hand tossed pizza is one of the best I've personally had. The white pizza is delicious, the veggie pizza is delicious, the cheese pizza is delicious, the gelatos are delicious, the atmosphere is delicious, the newly constructed bacci ball court is delicious, the people working there / owners are delicious. The only thing that's not delicious is the stand-alone location in middle of no other businesses - you have to drive here from anywhere you're coming it seems. Also when they get crowded, parking becomes non-existant and one has to park in a unfenced dirt lot behind the fenced location or on the side street which both feel unsavory especially at night, and sometimes it becomes a task to get something that you want in a timely manner or locate a decent table. Overall a great family run place with personable owners.
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2009,4/21/2010,274,156,46,27,29>You don't want to go here! You don't want to drink really cold Lone Stars or Shiner Bocks in a too large frozen goblet. You'll hate the old school tasteful neon decor and the surprisingly cleanliness of this neighborhood beer joint. You'll be irritated by the attentive bartender named Alice and the customers who will double & triple park behind you, but gladly move their truck when you have to leave. You'll be annoyed at the jukebox with all those classic Cash, Price, Strait, Lobos, Ronstadt and other no name artists. You'll feel scammed at the price of buck & 75 penny draft beer and the 7 buck cigarettes in the machine. You're going to call me an idiot for giving this place 5 stars cause I must have reversed the rating system. Instead, you're going to go to a "cool" joint in Midtown or Washington where you'll be charged and treated with the respect you deserve. So don't come here and you'll never know what you're missing.
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2009,4/20/2010,251,713,15,17,17>Until very recently I could only eat okra prepared in a few ways: fried, pickled, and in gumbo.  Of those, my favorites were my great grandmother's fried okra and my uncle's canned okra.  I now stand corrected.  I've finally found a restaurant that doesn't overcook the irascible vegetable and render them into gross and slimy messes.  They were perfectly cooked...and it isn't a fluke.  I had the seafood gumbo and stuffed tomatoes.  Large chunks of okra.  They had retained their shape and had absorbed the spicy roux or sauce they were cooked in.  Amazing.I was recently asked by a non-Southern/Gulf Coast region person if Treebeard's was typical cajun/southern comfort food.  My answer was something along the lines of, "Kind of.  It's good, but there's better out there."  That's a bit unfair; there are a few nuances that get overlooked in that simple answer. If you want the BEST "down home," high cholesterol, high salt, crab-claw-sticking-out-of-your-seafood-gumbo good, drive approximately 223 miles east on I-10 to a town called Breaux Bridge, LA.  Mom and Pop stores galore, full to the brim with perfect everything Cajun and Gulf Coast Southern.If you want that idea of Gulf Coast Southern, but healthier-ish and a bit closer, head to Treebeards.  Most things looked great, but some (jambalaya and red beans and rice especially) weren't cooked down enough to look and most likely taste right.  They looked to be on the mild side of spicy.  Health be damned, but I'd prefer Red Runner red beans and sliced extra spicy sausage over rice, to the bowls I saw here.  Half a link sticking out of a bowl of beans?The desserts looked amazing.  I tried Danielle's bread pudding and it was better than anything I've found in a restaurant in Houston.  It was made correctly.  It looked like a proper pudding, not those gross bars of bread pudding that some people swear by.  Also, I was assured by the amazingly nice cashier and Morale Booster that a cookie a day will keep the monsters away.  (Just wanted to pass the sage advice on.)I hate their hours, but it fits the concept.  Hot tables of excellent food served up a la carte, with a changing daily menu.  Also, it is completely doable for lunch as far as time goes.  I easily found parking around Market Square and was in and out of the busy restaurant with a large group of talky yelpers in just over an hour.  Also, remember to bring three dollars in cash for the parking meter; it's the most the blasted thing will take.  I was forced to pay five dollars, without getting change.  After I dropped some dimes and a penny and flipped the City of Houston off via a parking meter, a very nice gentleman handed my coins back to me.  (That cacophony of voices you just heard were ten Yelpers who have watched one too many episodes of Reno:911.  Ignore them; they seemed to think I was buying something from the fellow.)
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2009,4/19/2010,308,398,22,27,24>Hiding near the County Jail and a spaghetti bowl of freeways, Ray's lurks in the shadows much like one of the movie villains that its hot dogs and burgers are named after.  Here, you can order the Freddy Krueger, the Creature from the Black Lagoon, the Blob, Leatherface, the Mummy, and even a Clockwork Orange among even more varieties.The address is hard to find even with my Old School GPS (which is a 1993 Key Map) and I doubt computer-based ones will make navigation much easier since it is in a funky no-mans-land in the north Warehouse District, which will confound even longtime Houstonians like myself.  As a point of reference, the location is close to the Houston Studios, McKee Street bridge, and is literally one block down the street from the Last Concert Café in a pretty converted brick warehouse at the corner.It is good that they close up shop at 7 PM since navigating here at night would be an exercise in frustration.  Once inside the small space, you'll be warmly greeted by the counter staff and you'll see the exposed brick walls with tasteful retro horror posters.  Nothing is kitschy - in fact, I found it all to be charming, warm, and comforting.  There are a total of 8 tables inside and 2 patio tables outside, complete with umbrellas.  The place will hold no more than 18 people at a time.  On this hot Saturday, no one was taking it outside.According to Aaron (the counter guy who I talked with at the end of my visit), their customer mix during weekdays are mostly downtown workers, some UH-Downtown students, and residents of the lofts in the neighboring blocks.  Weekends are primarily students and local residents.  He was eager to talk about the shop as well as personally thank me for stopping in.  As other customers came in during my meal, I noticed that each of the staff were eager to offer suggestions, bus tables, deliver food, and visit with the customers.  They really do care.I ordered the Creature from the Black Lagoon hot dog - chili, melted cheese, and chopped onions on top of a Boars Head wiener in a toasted bun.  Coupled it with fries ($1.25 if part of a basket, $2.50 if solo) and a soda ($1.50).  Total was $7.03 including tax.  Aaron asked me if I wanted chili and cheese over the fries and, when I hesitated, asked if I wanted it on the side.  Given that my hot dog would be covered in that and seeing the vision of my doctor wagging her finger at me in my head, I opted to omit it.The dog was fantastically messy - worthy of one eaten at the ballpark while watching a game.  Toasted bun, rich and chunky chili, melted cheese, and crunchy pungent onions all blended to make for a great simple meal.  The fries were a huge hot basket of crinkle-cut fries - it easily could feed three people.  This was good stuff - but I'd wager that the chili might be made from scratch but the fries were most likely not.This could well be Houston's best hot dog but definitely our best hot dog store - unique, funky, hidden, and affordable.  Come out and support them while adding this hidden gem to your stash of Houston secrets.
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2010,4/18/2010,63,98,5,11,11>When you enter into a marriage you expect some level of compromise. Religion was an area in which my husband and I did not see eye to eye. We spent the first year of our marriage visiting various churches all over this fair city. We finally found the perfect compromise at St. Paul's. St. Paul's has a saying "Traditional worship for contemporary people." This is ideal for my husband, the reformed Catholic, who craves tradition and hymns/prayers he's heard of. And ideal for me, who just wants a quality message and great music. The head Reverend is Dr. L. James Bankston and his sermons always inspire me with there common sense approach to being a better person. It is the choir, however, that finally ended our search for a church and moved me to membership. The first time I heard the St. Paul's choir I was moved to tears. (Full disclosure: I was pregnant...but still!) The building itself, as David N. mentioned, is beautiful both inside and out. It has brilliant stained glass and elaborate woodwork. I can imagine that it is a stunning place to get married. There is so much more I could say about St. Paul's from there sweet childcare workers to the guy who mans the crosswalk to the calls I have received just to see if we have "found our place in the church", but what you really need to do is come by the 8:30 or 11 am service and see for yourself.
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2010,4/17/2010,103,225,4,8,9>"You never get a second chance to make a first impression." Although this is true, Sushi Raku made an excellent impression during my second visit.After reading my less than favorable Yelp review last month, owner Patrick C. sent me a personal message apologizing for the sub par service along with an invitation to give Sushi Raku a second chance. After several weeks, I emailed him back to let him know I'd be stopping by for lunch on Saturday afternoon (Valentine's weekend). Upon arrival we were immediately greeted at the door by a hostess and a friendly server named Van.  They had a table ready for me and it even had a personalized "Reserved for Viann B. sign!"  We started off with a couple of cocktails (they do not have a specialty cocktail menu yet) and when I asked if they could make a ginger pear martini, he said "I'm sure the bartender can make that for you." Well the bartender did an awesome job at her first ginger pear martini because it was delish and concocted with the perfect amount of ginger and vodka, not too sweet. I even suggested she call it the Yelptini!Next we had the chef's creation appetizer which consisted of different kinds of small bites of fish, each paired with a unique sauce. The presentation was beautiful complete with a fresh orchid. Surprisingly, my favorite was the fish liver. It had a strong but not overpowering taste. I was expecting foie gras flavor but it wasn't as pungent. The in-house smoked salmon with vinaigrette drizzle was also delicious. Finally the plum marinated jellyfish was sweet and a little chewy, think seaweed salad. We also had miso soup which was served hot in a generous sized bowl and the seaweed salad was fresh and tasty. Van was very helpful and knowledgeable about the different types of fish and the menu. He told us they had just received a shipment of fresh sushi flown in from Japan that Friday night. The very popular butter fish was already sold out, so we didn't get to try it. For our entrees I chose the Orange Dragon Roll (substituted the spicy tuna for regular tuna) and an order of unagi sushi.  My guest ordered the spider roll and yellowtail roll. Each of our courses was timed perfectly. Our rolls were fresh, well portioned and the presentation was lovely. As we were enjoying our rolls, Patrick came over to our table to introduce himself. He again expressed his apologies for the issues on our previous visit and said that like most new businesses, they were still working out some kinks.  We complimented our server Van and Patrick commented that he is one of is his best servers. I highly recommend him! Somehow we managed to save room for dessert. We decided to share the pound cake with green tea ice cream.  The pound cake had a nice light cream filling and the green tea ice cream had bits of toasted almonds that paired perfectly. On this visit we really enjoyed every bite of our meal.When the check came, we opened it and inside was a red paper napkin, cut out in the shape of a heart that said "This one's on us, thank you!" So for top notch customer service and a stellar meal, Sushi Raku deservingly earned my coveted 5 star rating.
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/28/2010,4/15/2010,158,402,6,7,6>I fall thru here at least once a month ( a few friends i know promote things that fall thru here.  It always get a nod for me because it's a drunken stumble away from the crib.... it's never overly crowded (last night was the most ppl I've seen in there in awhile) .  Easy to grab a drink and the got the basics (beers and basic liquors), there is a pool table and a projection screen with a few TV's scattered about, as well as a juke box.  Some nights they do have a DJ and enuff room to dance a lil with your girls.... .  I like the nice outdoor patio to take in some of the bayou humidity..  The owners are super cool and and I am looking forward to them having more things there that will keep drawing more ppl to support this place...
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,4/14/2010,120,245,3,18,8>The Alligator Creole Cafe is just down the street from TSU in the heart of soulful 3rd ward.... I had lunch there today, at the request of a friend who said that they had some of the best Gumbo this side of New Orleans... I must say that was some amazing gumbo!! They also have some great crawfish, fried alligator and frog legs for those looking to try something new. If adventure really isn't your style they also have cheese burgers and hot dogs on the menu (along with pretty much anything else you can stick in a deep fryer like okra, sweet potato's, catfish, shrimp, chicken wings etc...) They also have grilled shrimp and salads , if you feel the need to behave ;) In addition to having some delicious food they have great service and live music on Friday nights ! So, if you find yourself in and around downtown go check out the Alligator Creole Cafe!!
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2010,4/13/2010,134,149,7,18,13>World's largest medical center.  Parking is a hassle.  Traffic is a hassle.  But if you need to find a highly qualified physician, the TMC is hard to match.  Collectively, the institutions in the TMC are also the largest employer in Houston.  Need a job, a good place to look for all sorts of skills.  If you planning to work in the Medical Center, think seriously about housing along the Metro.  It runs reliably and operates evenings and nights.  Bicycling the linear parks along Brays Bayou is another option for commuting, Houston weather is actually quite bicycle friendly although it helps to have access to a shower when you get into work.  For visitors from out of town, most of the hotels in the area surrounding the Medical Center offer free shuttles, as do many apartment complexes.  Problem is that the apartment complex shuttles may run once an hour while the Metro runs every five minutes.
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2010,4/12/2010,100,190,6,10,9>As I rule, I don't eat at buffets. Anything labeled buffet or that has a buffet is not a place I will dine. Too many bad buffets have warranted this decision and I think its a good one -- who wants some cold lo mein or congealed mac and cheese? Oh someone just sneezed in it? I'm sure that protective plastic shield and heat lamp saved it. No thanks. So when David T. suggested that we try out Bombay Tadka for lunch I was a tiny bit skeptical at first. I knew he wouldn't have suggested it if it wasn't good and most of the Indian places in the area have lunch buffets so I figured I would bend my no buffet rule to check out the UYE. Plus I figured if the buffet didn't look up to my standards I could order from the menu. I was pleasantly surprised to see the quaint place fairly crowded and plenty of people checking out the buffet. It was also a small buffet which is a million times better I think. Sure there's less food to try but it means that what they do have is fresh and hot since it's replenished frequently. I tried a little bit of everything that didn't seem to have dairy in it since apparently I am allergic to dairy, though I did sneak a bit of the Chicken Tikka Masala because I love the stuff. I was very impressed with everything I tried. They had a veggie rice and one that was spicy with chicken and both were amazing. The Chicken Tikka had a really nice flavor and all the breads and such were good as well. All for $10. I wish they would have had samosas and garlic naan though. The restaurant itself was very nice and classy and much more than I expected. All the waiters/waitresses were very attentive, immaculately dressed, and polite. There was a TV on the back wall showing a Bollywood movie and they had some photos hung of Indian celebrities that I thought was really fun. I kept looking for the Indian actor who has 6 fingers but I couldn't remember what he looks like. I will definitely be back.
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2010,4/11/2010,151,258,7,10,9>dragged my friend with me here this weekend. she loves thai food...i love thai food...perfect! after reading the reviews, i expected this place to be really shabby/rundown/gross. it wasnt so bad and the restaurant looked uncluttered and clean. i also expected terrible service and mean waiters, but we definitely did not experience this during our visit. we were asked if our food tasted okay, got smiled at, and didnt receive any attitude when we had questions. i loved the thai tea and soft spring rolls. we also ordered the chicken pad thai which was pretty awesome. my friend is in love with madam mam's back in austin (crazy,borderline obsessed with madam mams) and so when she said that this tasted just like madam mams, i knew she loved this place. i tried some of her pad see ewe and couldnt stop eating off of her plate for the rest of the meal. SO GOOD. definitely happy i came here!
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2009,4/10/2010,40,93,5,10,8>Absinthe has become my mainstay.  I have been here every Friday night for the last 4 at least. I don't get tired of it, it is never boring to me. Maybe it's the excellent service we receive from one of the bartenders. The sweet one who always remember that we drink the Absinthe Pernod. Maybe it's the Pernod and the fact that after two, everything seems a little fluffy and happy. Like kittens. Maybe the fantastic goat cheese pizza? It could also be the excellent music selection played and that when it gets very late and crowded they start playing more dance than mellow. Hannah and I are total ADD kids and yet we can show up here at 9 and feel like the night zoomed by when they are kicking us out at 2. As Clinton mentioned, the bald bartender isn't nice. Actually really irritated me when after buying $200 worth of drinks, I asked him for some water while he was standing a foot away and he didn't even blink, look up, nod, mumble... nothing. So I asked again. Nothing. I thought maybe he couldn't hear me and after a few more minutes of being patient I asked again. He snapped at me "I heard you the first two times" woah woah buddy. Meany bald dude aside, I heart Absinthe.
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2009,4/9/2010,265,191,11,20,18>This is it. My "mea culpa" of all mea culpas regarding my Yelp reviews. Soma, I was wrong about you, or rather I judged you too quickly and for that, I offer my sincerest apologies: MY BAD. Soma was the restaurant choice for one of the many holiday girlfriend get-togethers I was having for the season. On Tuesday night I came with some girlfriends to celebrate the holidays, exchange gifts, and indulge ourselves in some franco-japanese cuisine. Being with the people I was with,  indulging meant doing a multi-course dinner that ended up consisting of 9 courses and 5 bottles of sake.Let me say that again...three girls, nine courses, five bottles of (good)sake, over a 3.5hr dinner.  Amazing, this life!Rather than narrating the entire event, here's a breakdown of our courses, with favorites noted alongside:AMUSE-BOUCHE: -Steelhead roe, puffed rice, creme freshe caviar, dill / VERDICT: this was a spoonful of heaven swimming in my mouth! The saltiness of the caviar and the dill flavor topping the roe complimented each other well. 1ST COURSE/ SASHIMI:- Aji (with grated ginger, chives, yuzu, bone chips, soy sauce)- Yellowfin tuna, (with basil, garlic, ponzu, black pepper, crackers)-MONKFISH LIVER (with tobiko, chives, spicy sesame oil, ponzu, and served with fried plantains!)-Uni (with some yuzu juice, seaweed, wasabi, lotus root)- King crab with sesame seeds, cucumberVerdict: Clearly, the hands down winner for this course was the monkfish liver!  I've had this at other restaurants, but never as buttery, as fresh, as inexplicably heavenly than when I ate it here. Let me also mention that the monkfish liver was topped with caviar, and served with fried plantains alongside for the crunch versus creamy texture. Genius. My girlfriends and I could NOT stop eating this!!! Second favorite was the uni with yuzu juice. Simply decadent.2ND COURSE - Diver scallop served with butternut squash puree, topped with foie gras, and hazelnuts/ VERDICT: I will say that as much as I love scallop and foie gras, the star of this dish was actually the butternut squash puree. Yes, I know,  you must be wondering how can a puree beat out diver scallop and foie gras in a taste medley, but it did! Creamy and rich in flavor, it was the perfect accompaniment to the scallop.3RD COURSE:-Poached Columbian River Sturgeon (with some wild mushrooms, micro leaves)/ VERDICT: Delicious, cooked to the correct consistency/texture. We were fans, but did not stand out overall.4TH COURSE:-Wild Black Mouth Chinook Salmon (with snow peas, miso, and BLACK TRUFFLE)/ VERDICT: They had me at black truffle!5TH COURSE / NIGIRI:- Madai  with yuzu and lemon slices- Peppered tuna with crunchy garlic and ponzu sauce- Tako, with lemon juice- Soft shell crawfish, with unagi, topped with chopped quail egg and eel sauce- Otoro with truffle oil, chives, shallot, and A SLICE OF WHITE TRUFFLE!!!!!Verdict: If you've read my review on Mark's American Cuisine, then you know my love for truffles...and the otoro (blue fin tuna) served with a slice of white truffle was the highlight of my ENTIRE night. In fact, my girlfriends who had previously NOT been fans of neither tuna nor truffles became instant lovers!!! It was simply that delicious. Words cannot describe how melt-in-your-mouth good the large slice of otoro was, and paired with white truffles...I'm at a loss for any more adjectives that can properly describe this piece of nigiri without sounding overtly sensual. 6TH COURSE:-Migas : Japanese blackhog serived with shredded wonton, maple syrup, and poached farmhouse egg./VERDICT:  Damn our love for eggs!!! Honestly, by this course, we were so stuffed, but we just HAD to try this concoction. I loved the sweetness of the syrup with the blackhog. My girlfriends loved the shredded wonton mixing with the "goo-eyness" of the egg.7TH COURSE: -Texas Akaushi Shortrib (served with goat cheese mouse, rice, and bulgogi sauce)/ VERDICT: This brought back memories of our Miami trip & Kobe Club as our server explained the origins of Akaushi steak. We learned this night that this was the local Kobe without being called Kobe! And it was delicious! Being a fan of wagyu, kobe, etc, I'd have to say that this to was prepared well and well-thought out by serving it with the goat cheese...something I've never experienced as a pairing. 8TH COURSE:-Toro Crunch : roll with toro, blufin tuna, green onion, tempura/ VERDICT: I honestly could not actively participate anymore in eating at this point and only had one piece of the roll. But if you're a fan of toro (and who isn't), then you know the above ingredients combined makes this a hit.9TH COURSE/ DESSERT / AKA DEATH BECOMES US:- Valrhona chocolate in textures / VERDICT: Home-made chocolate ice cream served with granola bits. Love.BEST SAKE OF THE NIGHT: Tentaka, aka, Silent Stream. Bold flavor, smooth finish, best sake on the house, but hurts the all-mighty wallet! OVERALL VERDICT OF THE NIGHT: Success!!!
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2010,4/8/2010,92,206,8,11,11>If I could give 6 stars, I would.This place lives up to all the hype, and without a doubt this is one of my new favorite spots.The pizza was delicious. Two 10" pizzas were enough for me and my girlfriend, and we ordered the Kung Pao Chicken Pizza (no peanuts) and the Black Pepper Beef Pizza. Both were very good, but our favorite was the Black Pepper Beef. The crust was thin and delicious, NY Style I think. You don't feel all bloated and greasy after eating their pizza.And the service was OUTSTANDING. The owner of the shop (mama) came out multiple times to check on us. She even got me more ice for my canned soda at one point without me even asking. The daughter came out and introduced herself, and thanked us for coming. Wait a second; is this REALLY happening on BELLAIRE? Am I DREAMING right now? Don't get me wrong, I eat at Pho Saigon, FuFu Café, Givral Hoang, and other spots on Bellaire all the time. But "service" at those places has taken on a different meaning, and I'm cool with that. I know what to expect when I walk in. But the folks at Cheese Berry made me feel like I was royalty. At the end of the day, the food is what keeps me coming back to places. But the service also plays a big role because I like to know that I'm supporting people and families that I actually LIKE. There is no question that I will be returning here a LOT and I'm telling all my friends about it. Wish I could've made the Yelp UYE here, but better late than never!
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/20/2010,4/7/2010,152,200,7,9,9>A Houston institution because it's been around since 1938. Avalon was introduced to me 10 years ago. They always have friendly wait staff, long lines, and excellent milkshakes. Seriously, it was freezing outside and people were still ordering milkshakes with their meal. I like the vibe because the interior seems frozen in time. Some things should change with the times... here's a list of things needing improvement: dirty tables, condiments, and my pork chop was so stiff, it nearly flew across the room when I went to cut it. I decided not to eat it after taking a bite. The ketchup buildup around the bottles looks weeks old. Bleh! The watery ketchup in glass Heinz 57 bottles isn't fooling anybody.
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2009,4/6/2010,256,89,16,13,14>After many failed attempts of trying to persuade Alex A. to put his shirt back on, I was convinced they wouldn't let him, or the rest of our group into this bar.I was wrong however. The fourth star was given for the simple fact that they 'did' let him in without his shirt on. Yes, that alone deserves one star, and I think the rest of my fellow Yelp friends will agree. Did I also mention that he was already a bit more than just tipsy? If it was not for Mike W. I would have never known this bar existed, as its tucked away and I seldom visit this part of town. It's pretension/drama free, kudos. Small yet cozy.  Our group spent most of the night outdoors in their patio. The bartender served some strong drinks, and he was also nice enough to provide Alex A. with a free T-shirt, but it didn't stay on for long.Inside they offer a small lounging area with some comfy couches, and I also noticed a jukebox and a pool table. A fun time was had by all this night. See pictures for proof ;)
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2009,4/5/2010,419,749,6,17,16>Now that (as of today) I'm actually a paying customer of My Fit Gym, I feel like I've earned the right to review them.  But more on that later.In June, the Elite event for the month featured several door prizes that were pretty cool: an iTunes gift card, free tickets to see Jenny Lewis.  But when Farrah called out "a free week of training from My Fit Gym", I sat up and paid attention.  Having recently gotten a bug in my ear that I needed to change my lifestyle, that was actually a prize I could use!  While others moaned and groaned that a week at the gym was the last thing they wanted, I was pulling for my number to be called, and couldn't believe it when it was drawn!!!  I never win ANYTHING, and for me to win something I was really coveting was awesome.  It took me a few weeks to roll around and actually set it up, because I was a big chicken, to be brutally honest.My first day, I'd never done any sort of strength training before and was vastly out of shape.  I have to admit I was terrified to go in as a total beginner, and had stereotypical visions of a trainer yelling in my face and pushing me farther than was good for me.  I felt so self conscious, my heart was racing and there was a lump in my throat as I walked through the door that day.  I was pretty convinced I was going to go through my free trial and then slink away with my tail between my legs, never to be heard from again, because I was sure I'd be a total failure.Mike, the general manager, put me through my paces trying to get a feel for where I was fitness-wise, which was determined within the first five minutes to be At The Very Beginning.  In trying too hard to do everything perfectly (as is my way), I strained the muscles in my legs really badly.  I was in a lot of pain and thanks to not having eaten earlier in the day, I was a little wobbly.  And that's when I realized that My Fit Gym was going to be vastly different from my preconceived notions: Mike, the ex-Marine, told me to sit down, fetched me a banana to eat and regain my strength, and told ME to stop being such a hardass on myself.  Uh...what?  Aren't you supposed to tell me to do ten more?  My Fit Gym's philosophy is to push you into the happy middle: past where you thought possible, but not so hard that it harms you.After my initial evaluation, I was set up with Jackie, who is the perfect fit for me.  Having struggled with weight loss herself, she totally understands where I'm coming from, having to start from scratch.  The real value in my training sessions haven't come from the rock hard body which is (hopefully!) emerging from my layers of flab.  It's the fact that at every session, Jackie demonstrates each exercise and explains exactly how to do it, what it's working, and why I'm doing it a certain way.  When something is giving me trouble, she adapts the exercise so that it's manageable, but still a workout.  Emerging from each full-body workout session, I've thoroughly had my butt kicked, but I feel energized and empowered because I'm doing things I never thought possible, with Jackie's guidance and encouragement.  It feels amazing to finish that fifteenth pulldown when on the tenth, I was sure I couldn't do any more.Not only am I learning how to train, I'm also learning how to eat.  Jackie and I go through what I've consumed so far every day during my session, and we discuss ways I can improve or I get a high-five for killing it that day.  I get "homework" in the form of cardio to do in between sessions.  And best of all, I've been gaining boatloads of confidence as I'm learning more about fitness as a whole.  I haven't seen a scale the entire time time I've been training here, because it's not about weight, it's about health, and that's awesome.As I mentioned before, I've been training with My Fit Gym for three weeks, yet I'm just a paying customer as of today.  Yes, go figure on that one.  My free "week" of training became five sessions, with two "evaluations" thrown in there as a bonus.  I essentially got three weeks of training out of my "free week" door prize.  And after working with Mike and Jackie during that time, I'm MORE than happy to pay for each session and think it's a fantastic value for what I'm getting out of it ($35 for a half hour).I walked into My Fit Gym not knowing what I was doing.  Every session, I'm learning something new and feeling great about myself because I really accomplished something that day.  I've even spread my spark to my boyfriend and a few other friends--they've seen how enthusiastic and happy I am about being fit, and are making their own lifestyle changes in turn.  Momentum is contagious.  I can only give My Fit Gym the absolute highest praise, because I can honestly say they've helped change my life.
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2009,4/4/2010,90,255,8,8,8>After eating the prix fixe lunch at Feast, I felt much like my old cocker spaniel must have felt after my dad asked his bachelor friend to watch her for a week.  Instead of feeding her every day, he just poured a bag of food out on the garage floor, figured it would last her for a week, and she literally ate the whole thing in one sitting.  Yep, I felt about that full.I had the fish & scallop pie and the pork rillettes for my two courses, and my friend had the crispy pork belly and the Welsh rarebit.  The rillettes & rarebit both involve spreading things on bread: rillettes is pulled pork that is almost the consistency of pate, the rarebit topping is a combo of cheese & worstershire sauce.  Both were good, but the rarebit won the battle.  For the main course, the fish & scallop pie trumped the pork belly.  According to my friend, the pork belly was better the week before because it was thicker & less dry.  The pie is a shepherd's pie, and it was both excellent and ridiculously filling.Other notable points: nice old house = comfortable surroundings; bread is out of this world...eat every bit of it; forced valet ain't cool at lunch.  There was also a baby opossum running around outside while I was waiting for my car - adorable factor = five stars.Feast is incredibly creative, and there's nothing like it in town.  While the heaviness of the food doesn't particularly appeal to me, I do hope it becomes a Houston institution.
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2010,4/3/2010,64,77,5,8,7>You know how they say Houston's the biggest small town you'll ever experience - that's how Art League is. I run into someone I know every time I go. In jeans. Drinking beer. Talking to the artist I just ran into.Preface: I don't know jack about art. I went to my first art opening 2 years ago at DiverseWorks as apart of my job. Then someone invited me to an Art League opening. I've missed very few shows - like 2 - since then. It's a step up from your friend's friend's 'gallery' that you really don't get  - but it isn't someplace you're going to go and talk art theory and your favourite artists from the 18th century. Or event 21st century. It's local. It's fun. It's free.
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2009,4/2/2010,20,67,7,11,11>Just returned from visiting Joystix and had to write a review. This is the coolest place in the world. Cool may even be an understatement. Video Game arcade with a flat cover charge next to a bar. Houston rocks.During business hours this is a retail store for new and used video machines. On the first and last Friday of the month between 9pm and 2am they open their doors to the public and place all the games on "Freeplay".You buy a wristband at the bar next door "Eighteen Twenty" for $15 dollars.Parking is in the lot across the street.It takes a bit getting used to playing unlimited pinball and video games but imagine being able to actually get  proficient at that racing game you like or learning all the scoring options on a pinball machine. They have everything from  the early arcade games (Pong) to the new stuff (Guitar Hero Arcacde). For a 45yr old this was a trip down memory lane. Remember Tempest, Joust, Dragon Slayer and Mario Bros? A few games didn't work but then they're like old you know.  I took my 12 year old and he had a blast. However, this is definitely a bar crowd. Its loud and full of people drinking.If you can't have fun here.... then well I feel bad just thinking that there may be people who wouldn't enjoy a place like Joystix.
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2009,4/1/2010,47,254,8,7,8>If there is better, I care not.This was my first sushi experience, and a girl always remembers her first. :]I was in utter disbelief to have found something so good and with so much variety. I am a total food slut, wanting never to commit to one dish and was so happy to find yet another form of food that nurtures this.Putting my naive "sushi is only weird raw fish" days behind me years go was the best thing I ever did, and this restaurant was the ideal place to do it with.
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2009,3/31/2010,106,104,8,6,9>Math quiz!Nine and one-half people go out for dim sum. They order the majority of the menu, two off-menu items, and three pots of tea. There is enough left over for one diner to take a small to-go box with him. How much does this cost? Please bear in mind that the food was delicious, fresh from the kitchen, and obviously made by someone who has partaken in his/her own cooking. Oh, and you're in Chinatown, near the Beltway, so access is fairly good from any other part of Houston.The answer: $115Yes, 9.5 people can eat for $115, have leftovers, and be very satisfied.It's a small place, and if you don't speak Chinese, you'll have to just pick dishes from the menu and hope they're good. The thing is, that's not much of a problem. (Well, unless you're like me and you're not a fan of pork. I went nuts on everything that wasn't pork or chicken, though.) Anything steamed comes from the kitchen properly steamed--not dried out from sitting on a cart too long, not gooey with over-cooking--and anything baked comes out baked, not burned. Plus there's a wider selection of tea than I've seen at most dim sum joints, which totally makes me happy.It's cramped, and their reservation system is borked. All in all, though, it's a great deal. All day dim sum for roughly $12 per person might not sound like much, but if you've gone for dim sum before, you know that's practically like $2 tacos from a good taco truck: Hard to find and definitely worth the drive.
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2009,3/30/2010,85,110,5,8,10>So, I just moved to Houston from Tulsa, OK, and that means that I am in serious need of a Soundpony (read: hipster bike bar) replacement.Poison Girl almost does the trick.  It's definitely got the hipster thing going on, and has largely the same laid back atmosphere.  The bartender was nice, and I had a couple of good conversations with the patrons.  The pinball machines are a nice touch, and the back patio looked nice from where I was sitting at the bar.  I will definitely be back!
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2009,3/29/2010,219,206,6,7,7>Oh my sweet divine Ruggles Green, how I love thee. I have been putting this review off for sometime because I think I actually like it too much. I'm sure its luster will wear out for me soon... but these days I am huge advocate.Yes, the parking is ridiculous. Yes, the line can be out the door. But the most important YES is, YES the food is freakin good! I have probably come to Ruggles once or twice a week for the past 2 months. Its not only delicious food, but its intrinsically stimulating to know you are supporting a restaurant that recycles and is earth conscious. Some of my favorite items on the menu include the chicken curry salad, the fish tacos, and the pizzas. I honestly need to try some other things though... I just happen to crave these items every time I go. Oh and I should go ahead and mention that the sweet potato fries are the shizzle. There is seating available outside for when the weather is nice. The bathrooms are clean, and the hand dryer is intense! Seriously... dries your hands in like 15 seconds. Enjoy your outing to this Ruggles, I always do!
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2009,3/28/2010,73,128,3,12,9>I am not a huge coffee drinker... but I do LOVE live music.  So when I visit Bohemeo's it is not for the coffee, it is usually to catch a live music act.  I have tried their coffee and since I am not one that usually drinks coffee... I can pretty much say that it tastes pretty much like any other coffee that I have had in the past.  They do have good desserts... I have tried a few of them... and I have not had anything that I didn't like.  As far as the shop itself... it is a quaint little place... with great sound for a venue of its size.  The owner has been there every time that I have been there... and he is VERY personable.  I will go back time and time again to catch a good band.  I have seen performers from Acoustic to Cumbia.  Even though I didn't understand the Cumbia music... I loved the energy that the band showed.  It was hard to just sit there and enjoy the music without wanting to get up and start jumping up and down with the band.I believe that Bohemeo's has an open mic night every Sunday... it is a great time to go check out some of the GREAT local talent that Houston has to offer.  Oh yeah... and before I forget... Bohemeo's does serve beer and wine, for us non-coffee drinkers.  =)
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2010,3/27/2010,3163,3020,9,31,18>Recently, I had the pleasure of trying two of the top rated Thai places on Yelp: Kanomwan and Vieng Thai. Until I sampled these places I didn't feel like I could rank or bestow the Thai food crown. Kanomwan was a complete fail in my opinion and Vieng Thai while the food was good, the location was far away in a somewhat shady area. Also, Vieng Thai's cleanliness made me reminisce of a place which was the complete opposite: Thai Sticks. Yes, I agree that authenticity goes a long way in certain foods, but I feel presentation and sanitation are more important. And when did being a hole in a wall illustrate being a genuine Thai restaurant? Thai Sticks under my first impression was just an upscale Thai restaurant. However, on my second encounter after exploring many other options in and around the Houston area I have come to believe this is what I want in an exceptional Thai restaurant. Today, I came in for lunch before work. I work odd hours so I have a small window in which I can eat out during the week, relatively early or fairly late. They opened at 11 am and I was literally the first customer inside. I was graciously greeted by my waitress, Natasha. I was in a hurry so I asked her for a recommendation. She swore by the minced chicken and eggplant. Even though I dine at many Thai places I keep my orders simple, pad Thai, pad see ew, or some type of curry. At any rate, I took Natasha's endorsement... During lunch the entrees are accompanied by a complimentary spring roll and salad. I am usually not a salad man but the peanut dressing was superb and the spring roll helped satisfy my ridiculous appetite. Now on to the highly acclaimed main dish: minced chicken and eggplant. I didn't know what to expect so I went ahead and dived right in. It was a great blend of savory and spicy. I do not appreciate just spiciness without flavor well this dish was able stimulate many taste buds.  It was packed full of chicken and I could taste a hint of basil? Even though, I took my time to enjoy each delectable bite I was still able to be in and out of the place within 30 minutes. The courtesy appetizer arrived almost immediately after placing my order and the entree was out fresh within minutes allowing me to enjoy a wonderful lunch during the week without having to take time away from work. The other aspects of my dining experience that set Thai Sticks apart are: 1. The waitress was kind and offered a honest opinion. I did not feel scared about what to order or if I was going to offend the "Thai Nazi". I am paying for a meal, I should not be afraid of how I should be acting. 2. The silverware and glassware were spotless, no need to examine carefully for stuck on debris. 3. Cost. Even though the atmosphere is splendid, you are still paying comparable prices. (Lunch was 10 dollars) Summary: Food: Delicious food with immaculate presentation Service: Warm and attentive Decor: Elegant spotless setting
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/20/2009,3/26/2010,9,47,8,9,8>Could this be love?  At Barry's there is a physical attraction.  It's begins at the eyes.  They meet the details of their menu. What they see next chanels itself to the heart.  Then, it courses right into the tummy.The road to a man's heart does lead to his stomach.  MMM.  It is love. Definitely.This courtship of soft dough, fresh tomatoes, hefty pepperonies, and soft cheeses are the ingredients that beget a beautiful marriage of a cheese, pepperoni and sausage pizza from Barry's Pizza & Italian Diner.This pizza isn't ususal. It will christen the tongue and cleanse the impure spirit.At first glance, its a body of work -- a harmonious arrangement of ingredients-- that drowns the noise that bellows from surrounding chatter boxes.  Its aroma can leave one to enjoy the stillness of a brief silence from its arrival. Its texture and design is flawless.  The crust's arches all about the pizza.  The dough's and cheese's uneven landscape create pockets and crevices to hug and anchor the pepperonies and sausages that illuminate an otherwise dim ambience w/in Barry's.At first bite to last, this pizza's taste loosens then leaves your tongue's former shell of itself to crumble and leaves it to be born anew.Ahhh.-Esteban
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2009,3/25/2010,51,137,9,8,10>Why don't I come here every day?  Who cares if I double in size and perpetually smell like broiled goodness.  I'd make new friends. Bellaire Broiler Burger is my favorite burger in Houston - possibly the world.  My wonderful hubby introduced me to this joint back in 2006, when I first moved to Houston.  His family has been coming here for years, and while my first impression of the place was 'what a dump!' I quickly changed my mind.   The yummy smells smack you in the face the minute you walk in, and as other reviewers have stated, this place is stuck in a time warp.  My husband hit the nail on the head when he said Bellaire Broiler Burger is the anti-Smashburger.  There's nothing trendy about BBB, and the whole place could use a good scrub down, but it's got character - something I feel these shiny new burger chains are lacking.Counter service can be sketchy.  A nice young lady took our order on Friday, but there's another older woman who has a chronic case of Stink Eye.  Don't come here for the service... just focus on the food.The food... OH! the food.  I'm going to try the chili one of these days, but on my last visit I had my standard.  A cheeseburger with mayo only.  I'm a simple girl.  I don't need vegetables to mess up my meat, cheese, and bread.  The meat is perfect - juicy and peppery with the most fantastic broiler flavor.  I also like the patty size.  It's probably only a half inch think, but that's ideal to me.  They top it with shredded cheese which melts to perfection, and they butter and toast the bun for a minute on the broiler - giving it a nice crunch on the edges.  What else could you ask for?  Onion rings and fries!  Both are amazing, and I'm not sure I could pick a favorite.  The crinkle fries are crisp on the outside and soft in the middle, and the onion rings are thick cut with a crumbly yet crunchy batter - exquisite!  BBB has strange hours, and there have been times when I thought they'd be open, but they were closed.  Their website lists that they are open Mon thru Sat 11A-8P and they are closed on Sundays.  Parking can also be a beast, but work with your schedule, park wherever you find a spot, and get in there and make it happen.  It is SO worth it!
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2009,3/24/2010,105,95,5,18,16>After unsuccessfully trying to make my first skydive at Skydive Houston, decided to try the other Houston area drop zone the next day instead.  After arriving at Skydive Spaceland, we walked into the huge hangar and then into the registration office and were greeting by the staff.  They asked if this would be our first time skydiving and we all said yes. We then had to fill out the paperwork that basically releases Skydive Spaceland of all liability in the event of an accident.  That was the easy part, the hard part was filling out the form where you decide what songs you want for your skydive video.  You get a 20 dollar discount on your jump for making a 50 dollar deposit and reservation online.  Their website states that you must make the reservation at least 24 hours in advance to receive the 20 dollar discount.  Since the reservations were last minute, we were a little under 24 hours, but they still gave us the discount.After filling out the paperwork and paying, we were then escorted to an upstairs classroom to watch an instructional skydiving video.  The video basically included warnings, "There is no perfect parachute, there is no perfect instructor, there is no perfect student, etc," and then an overview of what to expect/what to do during our tandem jump.  After the video was over, we had about 45 minutes before we would board the airplane for our skydive.While wandering around the huge hangar waiting for our jump time, one of the staff was nice enough to let us know that we could wait in an upstairs Café. It was so much nicer waiting in an air conditioned Café with comfortable couches then waiting in the hangar, sitting on hard park benches.  A loudspeaker announcement alerted us as to when we should return back to the hangar.At registration, we were given name tags, so that made it easy for our tandem instructors to locate us.  My tandem  instructor, Tom, did a great job in going over the entire jump process, from boarding the plane, to landing back on the ground.  Tom and my videographer seemed glad to offer a steady stream of jokes.  Just enough to relieve some of the apprehension of jumping out of an airplane.  After learning what to do during the jump, we put on all our gear, and headed out to the airplane.After boarding the plane and the actual jump, well, everyone will have to experience that for themselves.  I can say the Skydive Spaceland is an excellent choice for your first skydive, and I assume for many more after that.  It was a great experience from start to finish, and I can't wait to go back for my second jump.
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2010,3/23/2010,172,157,17,14,13>Recipe for Cupcake Success---Ingredients---1 great location3 dollar cupcakes14 cupcake recipes with simple presentation32 pearl whites, (optional for service with a smile )Instructions:Step 1 Visit during Business HoursGo on a day they're open. Closed once shame on you.  Closed thrice shame on me. I swear I must have a recessive blonde gene. I finally made it to Celebrity Cupcakes within business hours. The four time was the charm. Spontaneous, in the neighborhood, spur of the moment doesn't always work. I went twice on a Monday (the day they're closed). Brilliant...absolutely brilliant.Their hours are now posted on their website (this helps too, it's been under construction for sometime now). And their hours aren't on the door.Step 2 Enjoy the view outsideThe Spanish style retail area really stands out against other Rice Village area shops. Parking along Chaucer is great for curbside parking if the unlined parking lot for 10 cars is full. Beware, there isn't an area to sit and savor your sweets.Step 3 Ooo and ahhh over cupcakesAdmire the simple, cute little touches that elevate these cupcakes two or three notches up from homemade cupcakes. The vanilla cake cupcake with chocolate frosting, had an adorable pink flower with 5 petals. I believe it was made out of fondant. The chocolate cake with vanilla cream cheese had delicate, fine green sugar; it caught the light well, sparkling as the light hit it at different angles. 14 flavors to choose from, I choose four cupcakes---two traditional and two less traditional. Step 4 Ignore the wallet's objectionsTry as many 3 dollar cupcakes as possible. Each day the recipes change. I followed my tastebud intuition by ordering coconut, chocolate, vanilla, and carrot cupcake for my mother, neighbor, and I.Since the three of us were sharing the cupcakes, I cut the cupcakes vertically in thirds. And I built them a new cupcake 1/3 coconut, 1/3 chocolate w/ vanilla buttercream, and 1/3 vanilla cake with chocolate buttercream. I could have used a toothpick to keep the three slices vertical, but they were so eager to try the cupcakes. ;o)Step 5 Chit chat with employeesThe folks I met were talkative, 32 pearly whites with a smile do send positive vibes. The girl does her job very well. I didn't catch their names nor was a name tag visible; the guy was friendlier than the girl. Friendly small talk goes a long way in my book. I left quite happy. NotesOf the three, the chocolate was the most moist cupcake, even as a third. Coconut had a subtle but noticeable flavor. After the vanilla cupcake, I had a got milk moment; was a bit on the dry side. I decided to reach for a beverage after I finished it.How does the carrot cupcake taste? I don't know yet. It's staring at me through the glass cake container singing Pitpull's song, "I know you want me, you know I want you." For now, I can escape the temptation. Tomorrow afternoon, I don't know.
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2010,3/22/2010,48,177,5,6,7>Someone told me it's all happening at the zoo. I do believe it, I do believe it's true.So I finally got a chance to check out the Zoo. Overall, I loved it. It was a lot bigger than I thought it would be and I spent nearly 3 hours inside looking at all the animals. Some included Jonathan the Lion, a tiger, cheetahs, elephants, giraffes, sea lions, and a smorgasbord of birds.I will say that they were lacking monkeys and the orangutan was not present. There is also an albino alligator.**Sad panda** The one animal I really wanted to see ever since the Zoo got him was Toby the red panda...but he was sleeping at the time.Something interesting I learned at the Cheetah cage was that in Africa they use Anatolian shepherd dogs to guard farms against cheetahs but here at the Houston Zoo they raised the cheetahs with the dogs to educate. It worked!If you have kids or just love animals this place is great for any ages. Also to see the footage of my trip you can watch this movie I put together: youtube.com/watch?v=zTdS
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,3/21/2010,408,480,10,9,8>A place where the ladies look sexy sippin on a 24 oz Dos Equis!!A good friend and I were on the way home after leaving Pearl bar and we heard some "Notorious B.I.G." walking by The Lot. We were like oh hell yeah, we are hittin up this place!!We walked in, hit up the bar, got some 24 oz dos equis, walked over to the dance floor, battled some random guys (one wearing an American flag wind jacket and called him "America!" all night-- random) . The Lot  felt like a fun house party... you'll feel like you chose the right spot to dance the night away!! Bartender service: fast! good thing when you are going for round 3 or 4 to keep the buzzz goin!Crowd: Everyone was friendly and really funny that nightBathrooms: clean!** UH Cougar Power Hour- every 2nd Wed of every month at The Lot - open to UH alumni and friends- FREE to attend- Bring business cards and be prepared for an evening of food, fun and networking.- Door Prizes and Drink Specials.- Show your COUGAR PRIDE and wear something red!!!
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,3/20/2010,113,154,5,11,6>Carrot Salad with raisins! Chicken Fried steak! Chocolate Cream pie! Oh gosh my tummy rumbles and my mouth waters when I walk into this place. The best way to describe this place is that it's a leap, not just a step, better than Luby's. This cafeteria food is by far the best comfort food you'll ever have.Once you wait in a line spotted with elderly and young families, you can actually see and smell the delicious food to choose from. The line begins with salad items, fruit, carrot salad (the best), Greek salad and more. Next are little cups filled with cubes of colorful jello, which brings me back to childhood. After this is the meat section ranging from chicken fried chicken/steak, ham, salmon, chicken and dumplings, etc. Then you get to the vegetable area where you can choose from squash casserole (amazingness), spinach, candied yams, lima beans and more. Then comes the bread section filled with rolls and muffins. Last but not least is the dessert (salivating) portion. This consists of the most decadent, huge, filling, diner-style cakes and pies. They have chocolate cream pie, lemon meringue, cherry pie, buttermilk pie, and more which are made from scratch daily. Did I mention that everything is bought at the local farmers market? That is a huge plus in my book, keep it local! Also, they use hormone free meat, even bigger plus! If I haven't convinced you enough to come here then you aren't worth it.
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,3/19/2010,427,838,10,13,15>I'm finally a member of the Klub!Not unlike the No Homers Club, this place offers admittance to only one kind of Houston homer: the Houstonian willing to wait in a line outside the restaurant, rain or shine, while drooling all over the menu.First, some background. The girlfriend volunteered at a clinic in midtown last summer, and has since been raving about this place that hates the letter C. We've tried to go a few times before, but were deterred by the line, as we had things to do after brunch/lunch. For my birthday this year, the girlfriend asked what I wanted to do for dinner. Screw dinner, I said! We're eating breakfast! (full disclosure: Like Chris Turk, I'm a brinner's #1 fan. But getting up for breakfast...not so much.)So on Super Bowl Sunday, to the Breakfast Klub we went. I thought we were beating the church crowd getting there at 10:30--no luck there. Saints fans were on the prowl, though, even setting up shop with some Who Dat? shirts in front. The order taker/menu lady (not really sure what else to call her) came out shouting "Are there any Saints fans here?!" A couple woo hoo's went out. She countered that by saying "Go New England!" Now she could have been A) being facetious and pointing out Indy's archrival, B) completely clueless about who was playing, or C) a Tom Brady fan. Whatever option you believe, the point is that friendliness is key at the Klub.The wait, while daunting, isn't bad. Upon entry, your order is written on a slip. Wait a little bit more (read the literature on the wall, perhaps), and you hand your slip over to the cashier, who (naturally) greets you with a smile.  We went with the two favorites: catfish and grits and chicken and waffles.  I picked up a bottomless cup of gourmet coffee, which is one of the best cups of joe I've had this side of Starbucks. I sampled a few, but settled on the Guatemalen blend as my fave.  They also have a variety of specialty-chinos, but like the Denny's guy, I like mine straight black, thanks.  They also offer store-bought juices or homemade tea or lemonade.I hadn't even finished picking up utensils, condiments, and my first coffee, and the food was already at the table. So yeah, it's the same wait as going to IHOP, only you wait standing up instead of sitting down. Again, no worries about the line, folks.The catfish was one of the best I've ever had. It's crunchy on the outside, flaky in the intermediate, and juicy on the inside--all with an explosion of flavor. The grits, which the girlfriend and I are no big fan of, was decently butter-y and delicious after a touch of salt, pepper, and tabasco.  Add some jelly to the biscuit and you've got yourself a meal. If you want great food, the catfish will do it for you.If you want the piece de resistance, then the chicken and waffles is really the only way to go.  Six wings, fried to perfection.  I've had myself some good wings: bonchon, karaage, Plucker's lemon pepper, spicy Popeye's, homemade...but this may top them all. Pour some syrup over the moist, oversized waffle and wings, stick a fork in it, and enjoy. I'm drooling again just thinking about it.As I ate, a big dude clasped his hand strongly on my shoulder. Startled, I almost dropped my fork. Never fear, dear readers, that's only the owner stopping by to say hello and thanks and how is the food. Great, I say. She gonna save you a bite of her wings?, he says. I hope so!, I say. He gives a hearty laugh and is on his way.The only downside of this place is the prices seem high for the food portions, but just think that you're paying for a hearty meal and a place where friendliness permeates. People from all walks of life come down to the Breakfast Klub to enjoy a meal with a smile, and the movie moniker is more than apt.Now if I could just find some way to slip out of work in order to try their Etouffee lunch special...
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2009,3/18/2010,211,151,3,14,11>OPEN BAR every Friday from 9-10pm!!! Maybe I shouldn't be screaming this out for the whole world to know or else all of y'all will be in my way for drinks...I came here because I heard of the open bar promo and thought it'd be nice to grab a drink after dinner for a chill night the evening before Halloween. Well, a power hour later and I stayed at Union Bar all night! The open bar is limited to drinks mixed with Jim Beam whiskey, Cruzan rum, Vox vodka, or Vox raspberry vodka. Union Bar has just as much outdoor space as indoor space. The tables inside are usually reserved for parties (free to reserve!), but the outdoor seating is open. The music is a mix of everything, hip hop, pop, 80s, 90s, mash up, etc. I didn't get a pretentious vibe from this place at all, which is a really nice change from the Washington scene lately. I know that Midtown is fading as the hot spot to go out at now, but I'll definitely be back at Union Bar (particularly on Fridays!).
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2009,3/17/2010,29,177,,15,9>I have to agree with Russ, this place's food is Awesome!! I had the veg. pocket, the twice baked potato pocket and the chili relleno. Now, I had them not even straight out of the truck--they were reheated in a microwave, and STILL Delicious!! Usually fried + microwave = soggy, but these still had some crunch to them, and were super good. I have to say that of the 3 I tried, I would definitely get the veggie pocket--the vegetables were so fresh, that it totally made it YUMMY!
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2009,3/16/2010,229,569,11,12,12>As echoed below--Calliope's is expensive for what it dishes out. I think, however, it's the price to be paid for the only PoBoy shop in town to get PoBoy's right. A PoBoy should contain an aggressive balance of deliciousness and lethality. When walking out of the door at Calliope's one should be ambivalent. "I shouldn't have eaten that, but it was so good!" Dig what I'm saying? Gravy as an option with my fries had me smitten instantly, but the Calliope's Surf & Turf PoBoy--that was true food love. The PoBoy also had gravy. Lovely, scintillating gravy, but it doesn't end there--slow roast beef and fried shrimp . . . oh sweet cholesterol! If you are familiar with the old Jenni's that was here--the new ambiance might catch you off guard. It feels like Jenni's was robbed and tagged with Poboy art on the front window. No music, just big brother feeding you news in the corner. A little grim, but the people are really nice and attentive--so a balance is struck. I suggest checking them out, but fasting before making it over!
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2009,3/15/2010,153,176,7,18,18>I came here yesterday with my boss. First have to say the restaurant reminds me of restaurants and shops in the town I went to college in San Luis Obispo. That right there gets them on the positive side of my rating. You walk in and it's an older home that's been transformed into a restaurant. The wooden floors were very cool and glad they didn't put down tile or even carpet. We sat at a table in the front room by a window. The waiter was on top of our drinks and was very prompt. He brought out some bread with virgin olive oil that had clumps of fresh garlic in it. The bread was warm and fresh while the olive oil was just garilcy enough. I ordered the chicken Po Boy. I know it's not an Italian type of sandwich but they did put an Italian spin on it. It was breaded chicken with grilled veggies, marinara sauce and mozzarella cheese covering it. It came with a house salad that was good. My only complaint is that for the dressing I wish they used some balsamic vinegar instead of just olive oil. My boss got the Tagliatelle Genovese which from what I could tell was just pesto. He said that's his usual and can't seem to stray from it. By the time I had my last bite I was incredibly full and very content. Actually, I was full before my last bite but couldn't stop eating because it was so good. I think this place would be good for lunch or with a group of people for dinner. I wouldn't recommend it for a first date because as more people came in, it started becoming pretty loud. There isn't anything to absorb all the noise going on. Over all, I would highly recommend it and am looking forward to going again.
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2009,3/13/2010,171,66,9,15,11>Oh, Dirt Bar.  How I love you.  You are by far, one of my favorite places on the planet.After not being by for almost a year (I worked nights for a long while and that just *killed* my social life), a friend and I decided to drop by before a Halloween party.  It probably goes without saying, but once we got to Dirt, we never made that Halloween party.Dirt Bar is kind of hard to explain.  It's not really a dive bar because it's too nice for that, though it does look pretty dive bar-ish when you drive by the low-slung concrete building with no decorations except for a neon 222.It's also not a place where the patrons can be easily classified as one group or another.  There are people hear with mohawks and large number of body piercings and there are also guys in button downs, who look like frat boys.  Absolutely anything goes as far as Dirt Bar attire is concerned.  Also, every single person that I've ever talked to or stood next to at the bar has been nice and friendly.  I guess everyone just loves being at the Dirt.The bar itself is one big, dark room with a concrete bar.  There are a fair amount of chairs, which is nice.  The bathrooms are also surprisingly clean and the ones in the main part of the bar are huge.  I'm always a little shocked when I totter in there drunkenly to pee.  In addition, they project covers of 60s and 70s girlie magazines and pulp comics on the wall which only adds to the allure as far as I'm concerned.The music here is also a perfect fit.  It's on the heavier side - rock, metal, industrial - but never too loud that I can't have a conversation.  There's a scrolling marquee that has the band name and song which has lead me to try and decipher what I was listening to when I drunkenly texted myself just a name or song.  I'm still not sure what some of the songs are after extensive searching.  I need to remember to send myself both the song AND the band.Let's get down to the nitty gritty finally, though - the drinks.  The drinks here are fanfuckingtastic.  They are strong.  They are cheap.  They have a drink called the Rim Job that is vodka and Tang with more Tang on the rim.  I know it sounds disgusting, but it is anything but.  The genius that decided that these two flavors would go together is my personal hero.  He's even smarter than the guy that put chocolate and peanut butter together.If you are lucky and end up here on a Tuesday, it's Flip Night which means that the bartender flips a coin and, if you call heads or tails correctly, your drink is free.  Flip Night has lead to some spectacularly good bad decisions on my part.  Man, do I love Flip Night.I've also go to mention the people.  Steve, one of the owners, is friendly and fun and just a blast to hang with.  The bartenders are all pretty personable, but ladies, if you happen to get Andre, you are in luck.  He is - without a doubt - the hottest bartender I have ever seen.  Gorgeous and buff and also delightfully charming.  I'm always happy to see him behind the bar.I wish it was easier to explain the awesomeness of Dirt Bar.  My review falls short, but just go and see.  I'd told my friend about it for months but it wasn't until Halloween that she got it and understood why I say that Dirt Bar is the place where all good bad ideas are born.  I cannot wait to go back.
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2009,3/12/2010,81,217,10,11,10>What happens when I leave the loop ONE TIME?  I get the largest chunk of brick I've ever seen (might have been the whole brick now that I think about it) hurled at my windshield by the truck in front of me.  No really, I ducked and screamed.  Yikes...lesson learned!  Stay inside the loop, Meredith...Anyway, I went to Carriage based on a recommendation from the service guy at  Knapp Chevrolet.  That's right, my Saab dealership went under about three months after I bought my car - it's called "Meredith's Law" people, get with the program.  I digress..  Carriage was ready when I arrived for my appointment and replaced my windshield in 30 minutes.  The owners could not have been more pleasant and the waiting room was really nice.  They also do minor body work and fix tire scuffs.  I would highly recommend them to anyone in need of glass or body work.
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2009,3/11/2010,150,374,7,15,13>Hands down, this is my all time favorite bar in Houston. To the extent I have now rerouted my commuter's hell drive home. Old + small + dark = perfect ambiance for imbibing in good company. Not pretentious in the least, yet somehow - almost unbelievably - this place promulgates class. The place is narrow with a bar running down the length of the place and the drinks are very reasonably priced. And although you can't open a tab in the "traditional" manner (because they don't accept credit cards) - you can ask the bartender to keep track and pay when you're done (not sure if they do this with everyone or because the night I was here it was somewhat slow). The bar is engraved by many people who immortalized themselves (or implicate themselves) with countless initials and words. There were bikes parked in the doorway - for me, a welcoming sign that this is a place I need to be.In the background, the jukebox played classic soul and blues at just the right decibel as to contribute to the mood of the place and not distract from what is really important - the company you keep and the cold beer in your hand.
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2009,3/9/2010,225,440,14,14,14>Tell me who doesn't like lots of crap for really cheap???After a very late lunch across the way at Banana Leaf (thanks to Ako's review), we head to FIT to see what kind of debt we could get ourselves into. But debt is not the word! You can get all kinds of random stuff here for super cheap. Almost everything costs $2 and other items range from $3-6 and not a cent more! Now, I am one of those people that go to the dollar store just to see what they got in different from the week before (BTW the Dollar Trees are the best). This store has so much stuff, I didn't know where to start. From cosmetics, to housewares, to office supplies, and even pee pads for your kids...if you have any of those.The employees are super nice and helpful if you're trying to find something in particular. I walked away with a matching makeup bag and coin purse, oil blotting papers in a cute flip top box, kitchen sponges, 2 magnetic holders for the kitchen sponge/pens for the fridge, dry swiffer cloths, japanese soup spoons (set of 5 multicolored plastic ones), and a dog food scoop. I may have missed some things but I still only spent $23 with tax! I will so come back here soon, but next time I'm bringing my mom so the "original bargain shopper" can get in on the excitement too!!
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2009,3/8/2010,305,161,10,18,16>A new upscale Mexican cocina has taken up residence in the north Galleria and residents should take note. Not yet a week old, the large white tablecloth expanse is delivering on a small, ambitious menu. The menu is loaded with creative twists and tweaked techniques to produce inventive Mexican cuisine. Not Tex-Mex as I was told by the chef's sister. "No queso or refried beans. We'll make it if someone really wants it...." wrinkling her face in distaste. I'm surprised they'd offer to do that since they make everything from scratch here. The chips, salsa, tortillas, and small, exploding hippos. Just making sure you're paying attention. They also grill everything over mesquite. The tacos are achiote marinated red snapper with a healthy kiss from the gill. With the corn tortilla, grilled fish, and cabbage it was a tasty taco if a bit dry. A sauce or salsa combo would alleviate that right quick. The plate comes with a side each of cilantro rice, charro beans, and cole slaw. The beans were good, rice decent, and the slaw was a little confusing. It was tasty, but I didn't know slaw was a Mexican thing. The chicken enchiladas with tomatillo sauce gets high marks as well. And the restaurant is already selling out of the caldo de res. What's crazy about that? I told you, it hasn't been open a week. The menu has a heavy seafood side on the salads, entrees, and even a crab bisque. The highlights are a pair of entrees that feature whole grilled snappers. There is a nod to tex-mex with a fajita platter and tacos al carbon. There's even a hamburger with beef, ham, and sausage. But most of the menu resides firmly in Monterrey where these girls grew up cooking with their family. It will leave you with order envy because there are so many fantastic sounding options to choose from. Happy hour from 3-7 w/ free appetizers in the bar.
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2010,3/7/2010,117,256,11,15,14>You'd never know Nancy's Knits was tucked into this generally shabby Meyerland plaza if you were just driving by. There's a Walgreens, neighborhood favorite Chinese restaurant Hunan Hut, a used bookstore, and next to the Hunan Hut without even an overhead sign, is this adorable yarn shop. I wandered in and was immediately delighted to be amidst a jungle of yarn- a winding maze of bins stacked higher than my head (and I'm 5'9"). I was greeted warmly by Nancy herself, and when I explained to her that I was looking for 'super chunky' yarn she showed me everything in the store that fit the bill. I did a walk around to see if she'd missed anything and nope, she knows her store- all the more impressive because she manages to fit more yarn in it than do many stores twice the size.(Bring in your pattern and she'll help you choose the exact perfect yarn. Good for 'not beginner but still lousy knitter' types like me.)I also nabbed some new recycled wood knitting needles in here- Nancy helped me choose the brand as well, and I drooled over some Vietnamese wooden needles and cube! needles. There are lots of cool knitting accessories in here to gaze at after you've picked your yarn. Nancy also offers knitting classes on Monday nights, and I imagine they're really pleasant because of her calm, reassuring demeanor. She immediately put me at ease. There are so many hipster-staffed knitting shops out there now, but this is a classic knitting shop without sacrificing anything from the hip shop selection. Remember, no sign, but once you see the Walgreens and the Mailboxes Etc in this plaza, you're in the right place. What's more, you can take your knitting to the complex next door and sit in the Fioza coffee shop- a lot of people do.
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2009,3/6/2010,2,225,6,12,11>Finally the drought is over. A Thai place where 90% of the menu isn't mile wide, pan fried noodles. Truth be told, I was a tiny bit naughty. Some weeks ago we went to a Thai place in Rice Village with another couple. I was in a lousy mood, and I ordered a clay pot to try to soothe myself. A) It wasn't a clay pot, it was a metal bowl. B) It had hardly any shrimp in it and even weirder, hardly any noodles in it. I was so disappointed, I didn't even bother to review it. Which isn't fair to you all, I realize. So, we went to the Moon Festival at Wind Water Gallery tonight, which was lovely. And they were serving food, which we'd planned to make our dinner. But, none of it was vegetarian. We'd already been to Vietnam Restaurant across the street, so we made our way to Nidda. As a point of comparison, I ordered the clay pot. This time, it was amazing. The vegetables were bright, and crisp and fresh. The shrimp were abundant, and the whole thing was on a bed of noodles soaking in broth -- in a CLAY pot! And so much black pepper it resolved my mild congestion. Deep flavors, but not muddled or overwhelming. Lemongrass, ginger, all those good things. And BACON! Let me just say, the plain, white, boiled rice at this restaurant smells so good, and the smell wafts around the room so freely that I was drooling by the time our food arrived and I was -lamenting- having ordered a noodle dish. Not to fear, I was served rice anyway. And it was tasty. How the heck is boiled white rice tasty? I don't even know. But it was. And THANK YOU for not assuming I want jasmine tea. Oh how I hate flowers in tea. Jasmine, osanthamus, all that stuff. GROSS. So a choice of green tea was very much appreciated, even if I will now be up all night as a result. I tasted a few pieces of veggie out of Liz's pad eggplant w/ tofu in chef's house sauce and that, too, was bright, flavorful but not over wrought. Liz said it very well "this is why I eat Thai food, these flavors, right here". Any place that manages to entice both of us to forgo a curry dish and pad thai all in the same night is doing a whole lot of things right. A quiet dining room, even when largely full, helpful, attentive, polite staff. I just wish it was closer to home!
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2010,3/5/2010,19,44,5,8,7>Now that is an oyster po-boy! I met my parents at the Big Mamou for lunch Saturday, and I was greeted by signs that coffee and beignets are served all day on Saturday! Well, better take advantage of this happy coincidence! The coffee was strong and authentic, and although the beignets are not Cafe du Monde, they are definitely the best in town.Trying to make the most efficient choices from the menu, I selected the half oyster po-boy and cup of seafood gumbo. Good golly that po boy was good! The gumbo, though, was a little lacking in something - bay leaves? more time on the stove? My mom had the fried catfish and sweet potato fries - WOW! Really more like heaven with a side of candy.Plus the ambiance is comfortable and feels very NOLA! The french doors open up to the outside, allowing the humid gulf air to blow in - just like one might find on the quarter! I'm sure the doors would be closed and the AC cranked up in the middle of the hot Houston summer. Ya'll gotta check it out!
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2010,3/4/2010,60,178,3,9,8>Okay so this review is not exactly for the lodge itself but for bingo on Thursday nights.  I don't know why no one has reviewed it yet, but I KNOW there have got to be Yelpers that have gone.  This place is the secret hot spot that you don't want anyone to know but everyone knows about.  Don't worry about looking out of place.  It's a very mixed crowd with the younger after-work crowd making up more than half of the players.$5 buy-in gets you twelve sheets (6 squares per sheet).  Buy a bingo marker for $1 or bring your own.  There are 12 games.  Games 1-5 are $100 payouts.  Game 6 is a cover-all for $250.  Games 7-11 are $100 payouts.  Game 12 is a cover-all for $500.Hungry?  There's a kitchen that serves your basic hamburger, cheeseburgers, nachos, etc.  It's definitely nothing fancy and not that great either but it's cheap if you're looking for a quick fix there.  $8 got my boyfriend and I two cheeseburgers, a chili cheese dog, and nachos with cheese.  Oh, and I did I mention $6 domestic pitchers?  Ah, now you understand why everyone comes here on a Thursday night.I also forgot to mention that this place is bit tricky to find at night.  It's hidden in a neighborhood but worth the search.  Also, games start at 7:45 p.m. but get there around 7:00 p.m. for a good table, especially if you're coming with a group.
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,3/3/2010,119,124,14,13,11>With a quick invitation to come try the fish tacos on Tuesday, I bolted for the chance. For a whole $1.00, you too can enjoy the delicious fish taco. Somehow this kept popping into my head "I'll give you taco-flavored kisses honey, to fill all your wishes with my taco-flavored kisses" by Hennifer Lopez.  This joint had three distinct seating areas: (which I only found after I was walking out) the front, the side patio and back. It was really packed when I arrived but, it was great to see dogs hanging out with their owners. It looked like everyone was having a great time despite the fact it was really crowded in the front area.It took a bit of time to order but, I got the chicken sandwich. I'm not sure why I decided to order the sandwich instead of the fish taco. I guess I wasn't feeling fish at the moment. I did sneak a bite of my friend's fish taco and it was scrumptious (try at your own risk)!  Note to self: Self you should order the fish tacos the next Tuesday even if you're not feeling the fish. When I got my chicken sandwich, it was huge! It looked like they butterfly the chicken breast complete with diagonal grill marks (on the bread too). When I gnawed into the sandwich I found a surprise special sauce inside. It was a pretty tasty sauce. I would recommend this chicken sandwich. The fries were so-so. I enjoyed the atmosphere here but, since it was really busy the service was quite slow. Being able to bring your dogs is a huge plus!  Hennifer Lopez wrote this song for Ben.........."Oh, Ben, you are so perfect.So spectacularrr in every way.You bring light into my life, Ben.You almost make me forget all about...tacoos!Ooh, tacos so good in my tummy yummy yummy give me more.I love you, Ben, you almost make me forget about.....tacoooos."
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,3/2/2010,103,89,13,13,14>On my bro's week long trip from Toronto, his mission was to eat as many tacos as possible. (Oh, and he wanted to shoot stuff, but that's fodder for another review.)So a taco trip wouldn't be complete without a visit to Taqueria Laredo. I love the one on Cavalcade, but didn't feel like getting my brother shot so thought it was better to take him to the less ghetto sister store.These guys seriously make some killer tacos.We both had the same thing: 1 barbacoa taco, 1 guisada de puerco. Both were amazing as usual.Unfortunately for my bro, his stomach didn't have enough time to acclimate to heavy Mexican food. I remember my first barbacoa taco after I moved to Texas. It sat like a brick in my stomach, all day. It put me in the worst food coma of my life. Same thing happened to him. Unfortunately only 1 trip to Taqueria Laredo for him. I, on the other hand, could eat here all day every day.
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2010,3/1/2010,509,422,27,21,20>In this installment of "I'm not myself this month", I was inspired by the place's series of pictures of hot dogs.  So, I'll review as a Public Speaker.Thank you for inviting me to this event.  I know you have other Yelpy things to do, so I'll be brief.In an L-shaped, aged, half vacant strip mall, there is a white hanging banner barely visible from the street, and it reads,  "Original Chicago Hot Dog Shack," the subject of this presentation.Here are the key points: - Exceeds expectations in taste of the food - Takes time to prepare - Blues music collection contributes to specialness - Vienna Beef - authentic, high-quality Chicago hot dog - Great seasoned fries - Reasonable pricesNext slide, please...I ordered the Polish sausage with grilled onions and spicy peppers, with French fries on the side.  The hot dog taste was incredible, and so significantly better than James Coney Island.  That is one quality sausage, and the grilled onions are messy but you have to have some in each bite.Next slide, please...The French fries were also to die for.  They are the quarter inch kind (with peel), and cooked with some spices and onions, resulting in brown soggy fries.  This was a turn-off until I tasted the rascals.  Normally, I eat a few fries, then take a bite or two of hot dog.   But for these, I couldn't stop until they were all gone.Final slide, please...The facility is tattered and run down, and the chairs are uncomfortable.  Don't let that turn you off (get the food to go if it bothers you).  It sets the stage for the nice man in the back wearing a beret to treat you to a great Chicago Hot Dog.This concludes my review.  Questions, anyone?  OK, you in the front row."Do they have any special drinks?"No.Thank you for time.
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2010,2/28/2010,156,143,8,11,14>I had a specific purchase.  A coffee table sized Magritte book that was out of stock everywhere or something and I put a call into these guys.   This was about 2 years ago.   Well just after the new year they called and told me they got copies in, so low and behold I went over and sure enough there it was.    Now I am sure that it is relatively effortless to tag someone on a calendar but that someone actually bothered to do so, then to actually call me speaks volumes.I am not a crazy art fan, in fact I'd be hard pressed to tell you the difference between contemporary abstract and modern existentialism.   But I can say that everything you find in the store has some tie into the Menil, so if you really want something it's there.   Its not a trek to find on your own.    That and being the that Menil is always free, I was happy to buy from them over saving 5 bucks online.  Besides, who calls after 2 years?
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2009,2/27/2010,89,231,14,15,13>Their name says they aim to impressAnd I have to sincerely confess   That I floated on air   As I watched them repairMy computer with low-cost finesse.I'm issuing a geek alert to warn anyone who wishes to read further. A week ago, the fan on my Dell Dimension 4600 desktop computer began making noises akin to a threshing machine in a rocky field and I knew I'd have a problem on my hands soon. I opened up the computer, took out the fan, did a little research and found out I had a 92mm fan that attached to my CPU with a three pin connector. I also saw that they were being sold for around $30 on the Internet. Since I didn't want to wait, I began calling local computer repair stores. The first place was closed on the weekend. The second was fairly certain they didn't have the part at the store near me. The third was Impress Computers and after hearing me describe the fan, they checked and said they had them in stock. I drove right over and waited about 10 minutes for them to help two customers in front of me. It's a small store, but they offer quite a range of services from selling ink cartridges and accessories to virus removal and disk recovery to hardware repair.When it was my turn, we took off the cover, got the replacement part and quickly discovered it didn't have the correct three pin connector. Roland informed me they could hardwire it to the power supply but it would require an extra push of the F1 key every time I booted up because the CPU wouldn't know it was there. I didn't like that solution. No problem. Andrew to the rescue. He disappeared into the workshop for a few minutes and emerged triumphantly with a fan assembly he'd robbed from another system they were building. We took my machine to the back, booted it up and immediately ran into an error state. My CMOS battery had died. I hadn't noticed this myself because my machine had been running continuously for quite a while. Andrew rummaged around and stole a battery from another machine and - presto! - I was good to go.The best part of the experience follows. Cost of the used fan: $10. Cost of the battery: $0. Labor (1/2 hour's worth): $0. I was so pleased with the result that I felt a bit guilty walking out of there after paying them only $10. I asked them to throw in generic B&W and color cartridges for my HP printer which cost me just over $30. Total bill with tax: $44.36.Back home after reconnecting all sorts of devices to USB ports and turning on the power, I let out a happy sigh as the fan spun up and softly hummed away. Impress had definitely lived up to their name. I'll be back (hopefully, not too often)!
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,2/26/2010,152,164,18,11,10>Years ago, as a a teenager living in the confines of my safe suburban home, I recall coming across an ad for Brasil in The Public News. As a Brasileira, I was pleased as punch to find what I assumed to be the first Brazilian restaurant in Houston. I called the number in the ad and after about 10 rings a young man answered: Me: Yes, hello! What sort of Brazilian dishes do you serve? Him: Um, we don't. We're a coffee shop. Me: Oh, well then you serve Brazilian coffee? Him: No, we don't Me: Oh, well then you play Brazilian music? Him: No, we don't. Me: Oh, well do you have anything Brazilian or anything to do with the country of Brazil? Him: No, we don't. *Click* But don't think that makes me despise this place or anything. Brasil is actually one of my favorite standbys. Whether I'm catching up with an old friend over an iced mocha latte, having wine and sharing dessert with my guy, brunch on the weekend with girlfriends (served before 11:00am, lest we forget), having a beer and watching a free movie on the back patio shared with Domy books, dinner with friends before hopping over to Poison Girl, or just reading or working alone while Camera Obscura and Belle and Sebastian is my soundtrack...I heart you, Brasil. And I'm gonna give you some credit - the Brasil Cesar with hearts of palm actually allows you to live up to your name, as we South Americans adore snacking on those. If that's not your thing, may I suggest the duck salad with goat cheese and blackberries in vinaigrette. Finally, I just can't dismiss the joy of eating a margherita pizza on your front patio while watching the crazy spectacle that is the intersection of Westheimer and Dunlavy. I salute you, Brasil. May you always be there for me.
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2009,2/25/2010,122,80,6,10,11>Ok, it's about time I Yelped my favorite peeps at BON's.  Even before I started my little Running Club here I used to hang out here on a regular basis.  yelp.com/events/houston-It's a chill pub environment during the week but a lot more packed on the weekends.  I occassionally go here on the weekends but it's almost always during the week that I prefer BON's.  Tuesdays, BON's Running Club + Steak Night, Wednesdays, 1/2 price Burgers (amazing!), Thursdays, I don't remember JaegerBombs or something crazy like that!Some people don't realize it but their food here is pretty awesome!  I dig the burgers w/ grilled veggies (instead of fries), and their fish tacos! Yummy!Staff is always great.  Shout out to my favorite servers; Morgan and Pattie, you're awesome!  and the coolest bartender ever... Tru! You the man!  Management here is top notch too! Jill and Charlie are sweeties!Go check it out if you've never been.  Fun times!Oh, and the greatest St. Patrick's Day Parties EVER!!!!!  And it's just around the corner!!!
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/30/2010,2/24/2010,178,1288,7,11,11>This is a strange bar. I headed there for Wednesday night pub quiz (Geeks who drink) with some friends. I found tons of parking (HUGE PLUS). We went in to find a mix of mostly after work suits hanging out. There were some other more casual folks there, but this seems like a work HH bar during the week. No problem. The waitress was very friendly. The pub quiz was fun but hard to hear. The seating was odd in a dive bar sort of way. There was a dog wandering through the bar all evening. (Is that even allowed?) There were people who were obviously smoking inside (I know that isn't allowed). We still had a good time but I prefer the quiz night at the Maple Leaf Pub.
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,2/23/2010,287,298,10,20,20>After my first bite of Lankford's South of the Border Burger, my first thought was 'that is a tasty burger' which reminded me of Sara W's headline on her Yelp profile. And my oh my it was a mighty tasty burger.We dropped by this definite 'hole in the wall' place on Saturday, early-ish (12:30). It was semi-packed and found a table in under 10 minutes. The table was a 5 -6 seater but the floor severely canted toward the wall so I don't understand how more than two people could sit at this table, unless you like sitting and eating with one hip lower than the other. Valentine's decorations adorned the walls with hearts everywhere. The Christmas decorations were in the process of being taken down so half of the room was hearts only and the other Chris-tine decorated.Our orders were taken quickly. Since I love pico de gallo on a burger, I went with the south of the border burger. H ordered the red, white & blue burger: red bell peppers, onions and blue cheese. We split a plate of tater tots. The s-o-b burger was insanely good. The pico de gallo was nice and chunky, light on the heat with a nice jalapeno finish. The cilantro dressing, avocado and pepper jack cheese went well with the pico. Rarely does one run into such a wonderful marriage of flavors. Definitely my burger of choice at Lankford. The r-w-b burger looked delicious and very messy. H used 10 napkins while consuming his mess. The tots were meh. Should have ordered the onion rings like the table next to us or the basket of fried onion strips and jalapenos. Next time.It can be confusing for those who have never been to Lankfords. A line forms by the door for seating and paying. If you know you are next for a table and see one vacated, please scurry over to said table and sit down even if it still needs to be cleaned. Don't wait for one of the staff to seat you, not gonna happen. The waiting to pay and waiting to sit lines get blurry when the place is busy so if you walk up to the cash register and see people standing there ask if they are waiting to pay before jumping in front of them. And lastly, remember your table number that is how they find your ticket. Cash only, tip jar is by the cash register.
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,2/22/2010,40,160,6,6,10>Why, oh why, do I not go to Ibiza Food & Wine Bar more often?  I just finished a seriously delicious meal there with a great waitress and food so good I can hardly sleep because I am dreaming of it.I took a business acquaintence there because 1) he is an adventurous food snob, 2) he likes wine and 3) Expense Report!  :)  So, big time, we go there.We arrived at 6 and were seated immediately, having made reservations through OpenTable.com (link on the Ibiza website).  The restaurant had just a few tables - a situation corrected by 6:30 PM, by which time there wasn't a seat left in the place.  Ibiza is a handsome restaurant with an open kitchen.  High cielings, beautiful paneling and the light comes in from outside in just the right way.  Of course, we were also sitting in front of the 14' wine rack.My associate, Mr. Big, starts to review the wine list and we settle on a $17 bottle of Cotes du Rhone.  He is stunned, because he recently had the same wine in a restaurant in Atlanta for $60.00.  I explain the $5 or $10 over retail philosophy (NOT policy!) that Ibiza has.  He cannot understand how they make money.  By the time we left, I asked him to find a table in the restaurant that did NOT have a bottle of wine or two on it and he could not.  THEN he understood!The menus were presented and we both noted not only how many items there were to choose from, but also that the normal proteins (beef, fish, chicken, lamb) had lots of company (pork shank, chicken livers, octopus, rabbit and more!).  It was a nice change of pace.We began with an order of Crispy Chicken Livers with a Spanish Romesco Mayonnaise and the Sauteed Jumbo Shrimp over Crabmeat Stuffing with Tasso Ham Cream Sauce.  The chicken livers were presented quickly and beautiful, in a small metal "bucket" lined with parchment remarkably free of any grease.  WE dove in and they were yummy.  Then the shrimp came and we both paused.  As enticingly beautiful as they were spectacturally delicious, this was hands down my favourite dish of the evening.  The stuffing I could eat by the truck load.  Cornbread stuffing with andouille sausage and crab meat, sliced and warmed/sauteed on the bottom, topped with a giant sauteed hrimp and then the plate was undersauced with the tasso cream sauce - so good that I wanted to twitch my nose and freeze everyone a la Samantha so that I could lick the plate.For entrees, Mr. Big had the Rabbit Confit with Ham Hock Mashed Potatoes.  I opted for 2 appetizers - the Grilled Octopus with Chorizo and Spanish Pequillo Peppers stuffed with Goat Cheese.  They were quickly presented.  The Rabbit was 2 thick meaty pieces of thigh; Mr. BIg said he was surprised it wasn't juicier, but when he cut it, it fell right off the bone (Confit: Meat poached in fat and stored, then roasted = the definition of tender!).  My octopus was grilled perfectly, with charred bits and crunchy smaller bits and larger deliciousness, all surrounded by crisp sauteed chorizo pieces and a tangy parsley  garlic vinaigrette/chimmichurri sauce.  MMM  But the pequillo peppers, in their simplicity, shone like jewels on the table.  4 beautiful small red peppers that looked like rubies, stuffed with a warm, soft goat cheese, each on a nest of spinach and topped with balsamic vinaigre glaze.  I can imagine this is Spanish Comfort Food at the most extreme.For dessert, we toyed with all of the suggestions but ended up splitting between the Carrot Cake and the Tres Leches.  The tres leches was served with a coconut sherbert, which was the star of the plate!  To show up a quality tres leches takes some doing, and this was definitely a quality tres leches.  However, the hauntingly soulful rendition of carrot cake as practiced at Ibiza is why I am awake at 2 AM - I want more and fear a carrot cake addiction!  Seriously, carrot cake!  Not the big burly boxed affair that you get, you know, everywhere, but a homemade version with 6 micro thin layers, cut into two artsy wedges and served with a citrusy tangy raspberry ice.  But wait!  Not content for just that, Charles Clark, the so creative and talented Chef, put both a lightly candied walnut concoction AND candied, freeze dried mandarin peal on top of that.  The textures, the flavors, the sharpness of the ice and the bright mandarine notes of the peal made this one of the most refreshing, delicious and daring desserts I have had in a long, long time.  And it was damned carrot cake!So here is my assessment.  Go for any of the appetizers.  The entrees are about 1.5 to 2 times as much as each of the appetizers, so have twice as many choices for half as much.  Plus, I think the appetizers are more exciting!  Don't be afraid of a $20 bottle of wine - more if you want or if you have your own Mr. Big/Expense Report moment.  And, if it is allowed, start with the carrot cake.It was SO GOOD, in fact, that I would have paid the bill myself.
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2009,2/21/2010,269,274,8,36,21>"Branch Water" refers to the final process of bottling a whisky. Water is added to cut the whisky, and that water is called the "branch water" "Tavern" is a place of business that sells liquor to be consumed on premise. In Houston, TX if you put those two together you get Branch Water Tavern, a whisky bar with a New American menu, that tries to use ingredients that are local. Branch Water is located on Shepherd, where the old Cue and Cushion once was. It has been gutted out and has a beautiful make over. Dark wood wainscoting, antique exposed brick, and panel coffered ceiling with antique light fixtures. As you walk into the restaurant your are standing directly in front of the bar with it's very impressive whisky selection. The bar area is elegant in a simple sort of way. Leather club chairs lining the wall and windows, along with a few leather lounge loveseats. The hostess walked us to our table to the left side of the restaurant to the dining room you pass the kitchen. As you walk to your table you are walking on a larger panel oak wood floor, impressive. The wife and I were sat in the back of the dining room, slightly partitioned off from the main dining, kitchen, and bar. It was semi private and just intimate enough. The menu was simple, fish from the Gulf Coast, NY Strip, and pan roasted organic free range chicken. They do have a fairly extensive wine list and all very reasonably priced. I saw quite a few wines by the glass for less than $12. They do have a small cocktail list and a nice selection craft beers. I was impressed. Beware, the wine list is put on your table on a clip board. It didn't bother me, but I could see a wine snob totally turning his nose up at this. I actually thought it was clever, but then I'm easily amused. We started with Prawns wrapped with bacon, sitting on Cheddar polenta with a delicately poached egg sitting in the center. The yoke with the Cheddar polenta was just what the doctor didn't order, but who cares give me some shrimp wrapped in bacon with that. Can anyone say "Brunch". We then had a Crab Cake brought to the table. this was definitely more crab than cake. This was a 2" thick crab cake sitting on a Thai salad. The cake was scrumptious, but the salad was not good. The salad had sprouts, and I'm just not a fan of them. We then moved on to our main courses. The wife had Pan Seared Scallops served with polenta ravioli and vegetables, all sitting in truffle butter. The scallops were seared to perfection, crispy and caramelized on the outside and tender on the inside. But I think what made this dish was the truffle butter the food was sitting in. I decided to go with the Pan seared Chicken with Ricotta Dumplings and vegetable sitting in a thyme lemon butter. The chicken consisted of the wing and breast deboned. The chicken was seared with the skin still on, which is the way I like it. The breast seemed to capture all the juices and flavor of the skin. It basically was a deliciously prepared dish. I saw a few NY Strips go by, I sooo wanted to do one. It could have been the onion rings it came with, but I knew I still had a full night ahead of me. I couldn't function in a comatose state the rest of the evening. And for the Grand Finale, *ahemm* dessert, the wife and I split a Sticky Toffee Pudding topped off with Pistachio Ice Cream. Lets just say the dessert plate was cleaned off in minutes. I think I might have my new favorite dessert. Any restaurant that has Toffee Pudding, look out. I was really impressed with Branch Water Tavern. The decor was well though out. The menu on this evening was executed very well, considering this was their 5th day open to the public. The service was good, but slow. I know it's a new menu and is still being tweaked and updated but the servers need to know the menu. I had several questions I had to wait for an answer from the chef. My wife was a huge fan, which means we will be making a return trip.
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2009,2/20/2010,273,77,7,19,11>Best Indian lunch buffet in town, I kid you not and what a deal at $11.95!   Okay so it might not be like a Hillcroft deal but still the spread they lay out here for lunch is mouth-watering.  Dolph caught me skipping happily towards the door for I was deeply entranced by the smells wafting outside the building!  I'm lucky to be working within spitting distance from this place otherwise I would have never known!Regular fare usually is 3-4 chicken dishes (tandoori, tikka, etc.), 1 goat dish, 1-2 seafood (today it was shrimp), 3-4 salads, 2 rices, pakoras and samosas along with a variety of chutneys and raita, saag paneer, and about 7-9 other vegetable dishes - today of which I especially enjoyed the vegetable curry, and curried cauliflower.  As Barry and Tony pointed out this is the closest I've come to finding British Indian grub.  The food here tastes incredibly fresh and home style, unlike at other places where the food just gives your taste buds a nasty shock of overly processed bland food that has been standing out for too long...  Although I haven't really encountered a spicy dish here which I think they should look into, but most of my friends can't stand spicy, so this is the place for all those wimps as well as the vegetarians!  This time round I actually left some room (after 2 plates though) for some rice pudding which was amazing and I'm not even a big rice pudding fan.  Not too soupy and very milky sweet, yum!  I wasn't adventurous enough to try the sugared cream of wheat, but I heard it was delish.I really like eating lunch at a table with crisp linen white table clothes and nicely folded napkins and even better yet, excellent service!  Our waters were refilled promptly and we also received fresh piping-hot roti table-side, fantastic!  And it's always a good thing to have the manager/owner check up on your meal.  It's nice to be a little spoiled during the lunch hour and it makes my Mondays that more bearable!
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2009,2/19/2010,115,362,8,14,12>Are you going to Anderson Fair?If you like catching great music at one of the country's oldest venues in continuous operation, then you probably are. And if not, you should be. Anderson Fair has been hosting up and coming artists since the '60s, like Lyle Lovett, Lucinda Williams, Robert Earl Keen, up to Austin favorite Matt the Electrician, and just this past weekend I caught Ray Bonneville open for porterdavis. An intimate setting with a small stage and a few tables and chairs scattered about, AFair offers patrons an opportunity to get up close and personal with the music.Anderson Fair has built up its eclectic character over the years, and its history is in the walls. From the restaurant and coffee shop days of the '60s and '70s when artists would meet and mingle, up to today's more limited openings for scheduled shows Thursday to Saturday, regulars and benefactors have helped with repairs, and you can see the sort of fittings and hallmarks of the old place that you can't design on the front end, the sort of frissons that only come with age and experience. If those walls could talk... in fact, if the headshots on the walls of all the artists that have passed through AFair's doors could talk, what a story they'd tell.Upon entering, you'll pay a cover that will vary depending on the artist, and straight ahead you'll see a small walk-up window where you can order beer, wine, or food from the small menu on the wall. Peeking back into the kitchen from the counter, I could see that the "Killer Nachos" certainly live up to their name, but since we had just come from a dinner party, I didn't partake. To the left of the counter is a small library and sitting area, and around the corner to the right is the stage. We sat down at a group of tables, and the exposed ducting and electrical only served to heighten the loft-like minimalism that reminds you the only sensory perception they're trying to impress is your auditory. In fact, I first thought there actually was a large second story loft above where we were sitting, until I saw people walking around up there upside down, and realized I was looking at a large mirror. Both acts played great sets, and the intoxicating ballads of these singer/songwriters, carrying on the tradition of troubadours who have gone before, left everyone in high spirits. And I'm sure the wine helped.Afterwards, the artists were selling CDs and chatting with the patrons, smoking out front and finishing their beers before dispersing into the stormy night. Why haven't you heard of Anderson Fair? Why haven't you been? For one, it's tucked away about a block off Montrose, back behind The Art League, Inversion Coffee, and Texas Art Supply. And second, they're not open as often as they once were. But to help get the story out, they're actually working on putting a movie together, a documentary that should be out later this year. Check out the schedule on their homepage, and catch a show. You'll be glad you did.They're cash only, so don't forget to bring some, along with the parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme.
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2009,2/18/2010,156,216,8,10,9>There is now a new way to spell "MAGNIFICENT" and that is "The Swinging Door"After a fellow yelper told me to try this place out, I had to go.  If a yelper says its good, it is good and if they say it's bad (like the one star Jenny) well there not always right.  Different opinions right?Well here is my opinion.... "THE SWINGING DOOR"!!  (I was spelling magnificent, if you did not catch that)I went here with a group of friends and was blow away at the not just chopped beef sandwich, but I asked them to throw sausage and chicken in there as well and they did that no problem!  The BBQ sauce is perfect with a slight bite that makes you almost grab a spoon and sip it like a soup.  But why do that when you have the bread to go with it?! MOP IT UP!  I received a huge side of potato salad and the very own The Swinging Door Root Beer! Yes you read that right, this place makes its own Root Beer and if is fantastic!  I also love some good potato salad and this stuff hit the spot.  That spot that is in your stomach that when hit, you know you will be eating more and more of it.        That is not all, the super nice, super responsive, super amazing waitress we had told me the desserts are home-made and I just had to try out the peach cobbler.  When the cobbler is home-made, I don't turn it down, ever.  This stuff was superb! Large serving, not short on the ice cream at all and it was ohhh.... words just don't describe how breathtaking it was.  I felt so good after I ate this meal, so refreshed and so happy that I decided to buy a special Root Beer to go and have it later :)  I will be out here again when I drink that Root Beer.  I will need another Root Beer and the BBQ was just so perfect.
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2009,2/17/2010,113,62,9,9,9>OMG, rum and coke slurpees!  aieeeeee!!!  I always knew that Volcano was the place to go to for frozen screwdrivers but you really should try their frozen rum and cokes.  Ah-may-zing!  Apparently, one of those tasty concoctions is the equivalent of two drinks.  That might explain the shit-ass grin that quickly appeared on my face after downing two of these.  Oh, so dangerous since I slurped these down as if they were, well, regular slurpees.  Brain freeze!  Take care with these slushees or you'll be the one getting sloshed.  I took a quick break from my frozen journey to try the strawberry mojito martini, which would should have really been named strawberry minto mojito salad since it was so chalk-full of the fruit and leaf that it served as an appetizer.  Though it sounds tasty, it's rather bitter so I recommend passing on this strange brew.  Stick to the frozen rum and coke.  Okay, you can haz beer, if u wish.  Dem's tasty 2.  A little warning:  if u lurves the frozen rum-n-coke as much as i do and make this the starting point of the night, don't be surprise if you're still making ass prints there at closing time.  Foodwise, well, you read about the martini, right?  That's the extent of my food experience.  Atmosphere-wise, it's pretty laid back.  Good mix of people - hipsters, hippies, hotties, wannabes, grungies, don't care-abies - you get the point.  Service can be hit or miss - you might be better off going up to the bar.  Yep, parking blows and the area is tow-happy so check around before you hoof it on over.
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2010,2/16/2010,137,234,6,12,11>no more waiting allllll week long for a few hours and a few pints at your favorite brewery. nope, now you can go any day of the week. and i have been twice.  once, astonishingly, on a wednesday afternoon, the place was packed. i spent the whole time going from the front of the line to the back of the line.  and it was a blast.  i also went on a monday, and there were maybe 25 people there; also amazing.  i was there for the first ever opening address at the new brewery, and i enjoyed myself thoroughly.  i will miss the old brewery for the fun times ive had there, but this place is amazing.  go check it out any day of the week!
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2010,2/16/2010,134,149,2,10,11>It has been a year and change since I last reviewed Danton's.  Nice to see that they are doing well.  A recent visit on a Saturday night found the place crowded and energetic.  The seafood is still top notch in the Gulf Coast tradition.  From a lowly fried catfish to oyster stew, crab bisque and seafood courtboullion everything was prepared with fresh first quality ingredients and presented with a flourish.  Servings are generous to the point that we had to pass on desert.  Drinks are stiff.This would be a fun place for a date.  Quiet enough to talk but fun atmosphere.  Strong sense of an old New Orleans establishment transported to Houston.
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2010,2/15/2010,160,218,33,17,25>I feel sleezy reviewing this but I gotta do it. This was my first gentlemens club in the US and the only other one I have to compare it to was from Acapulco, so theres no real way to compare it.This was one of those nights that escalated really quickly which ended really late and really awesome. Im sure a lot of the details will be left out and a lot of my liking of the place comes under the influence, but it was a great night!Cover charge at 2 am was 20 bucks I guess because they cant sell us alcohol anymore and they are only open until 4 am. Once inside, this place was really nice, not what I expected. The women are good looking and the set up seems right. The women were really nice and they were always coming up to us! It was great! (hahahahha). Needless to say I had a blast and didnt even buy any "extra curriculars". Yet we do have some hilarious stories about the more drunk friends that did happen to get some of these services. Naming no names....
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2009,2/14/2010,386,171,5,28,17>A quick glance at the menu reveals Caffe di Fiore's identity issues. It features European food alongside Tex-Mex alongside light coffee shop fare alongside baked goods alongside gelato. Normally, a menu and concept stretched this thin is an indicator to about-face and dine elsewhere, but this place came with high recommendations from a trusted source (my mom) so I bookmarked it as worth a shot. Add in the fact that it's the closest thing to a teahouse The Woodlands offers and my interest was solidified.The interior gives off a similar laid-back vibe as House of Tea, only with waiter service and swollen menu. A makeshift children's area sits in the corner, with a few chairs, toys, and a flatscreen set to Nickelodeon. For the adults, there's another flatscreen tuned to CNN so you can watch the constant coverage of how Chicago is dissolving rapidly into chaos as you sip a hot beverage and dig into a pastry. To celebrate my new job, I ordered the unusual-sounding fruity panna cotta tea, a prosciutto and mozzarella panino, and tres leches cake for dessert. Their prices are extremely reasonable for a Woodlands restaurant - my panino with a massive side of fries only set me back $7.99. Everything I ordered was excellent. Normally fruit-flavored teas are hit or miss with me, but the fruity panna cotta was so amazingly smooth I want to see if they'd sell me some to take home the next time I'm there. It's very rich, creamy, and complex with a touch of hazelnut and only a hint of sweetness - from carrots! A unique, excellent tea that actually tasted something like a real panna cotta. They also carry the blooming variety as well. My panino was likewise enjoyable. I was thankful that the prosciutto was cooked just enough to infuse it with a satisfying warmth, but not to the point it ended up stiff or rubbery. It blended very well with the hot, gooey mozzarella. But the real highlight of the meal was the tres leches cake. It was moist, luxurious, and pleasingly sweet, pairing fortuitously with the fruity panna cotta tea. The fact that our waiter was extremely attentive and friendly made things all the more enjoyable.I could very easily just show up here for dessert and tea or coffee, bypassing a sandwich or a salad or enchiladas altogether. Between here and Woodlands Gourmet Bakery down the street I know exactly where to head when craving pastries and coffee or tea.
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2009,2/13/2010,124,160,8,9,10>Goodness Gracious, Great Plates of Calamari!  Had a little happy hour party for 13 at Benjy's last week and I can't stop talking about it.  We sat outside on the patio overlooking the village.  The view would be much improved if the construction site across the street was no, in fact, a construction site.  C'est La Vie.  The upstairs decor is mod but not overwhelming.  The low seating is extremely cozy while still being classy.  This would be a great place to take your boss, your chic mom, or the girls.  The bartender is cool and quick.   Our waitress was prompt and courteous.  The food was out of this world.  We ate everything on the happy hour menu from the upstairs lounge.  Best of the best was the Calamari (we had 3 or 4 huge plates of it) and the Mushroom Pizza with Truffle Oil.  (I wish we had 3 or 4 plates of it.)  I wasn't super won over by the beef with corn cakes, but it was certainly great.  It just wasn't as good as the other delicious appetizers we gorged on.  We had quite a few of the specialty drinks on their Happy Hour menu.  I was coo coo for the Blood Orange Margarita.  It was ridiculously delicious.  I can't begin to do it justice.  Just simply, YUM.  One of the other gals had the grapefruit martini.  Also DELISH!To add to our glorious evening, all the appetizers and the specialty drinks on the happy hour menu were $5 each.  Holy crapola!!  Unbelievable.  Benjy's is a sort of mix of suave and classy and old school values of good food and good service.  I loved my experience there.  If my kids could behave themselves for more than 3 continuous minutes, I'd be there everyday!
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,2/12/2010,77,240,15,19,18>This place for me, is all about the crust. Deep dish pizza crusts tend to overwhelm the toppings, thin crust is too often a crispy layer of tasteless dough designed to hold the toppings. The pizza crust here neither overwhelms, nor just acts as a holder, it complements the toppings and is infused with Bombay magic which makes it so delicious that I would eat it by itself quite happily. The pizzas all have various spices and combinations that are different yet oh so tasty and nothing is over-spiced. They also serve sandwiches, salads, sliders and entrees. If you love Indian spices this is a really nice twist and if you are spice impaired, never fear there are lots of options available.
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/13/2009,2/11/2010,119,124,14,22,12>I've only seen moving sushi bars in New York and Los Angeles. Of course it's quite common in Japan. But Houston? Texas? Everyone needs to try a moving sushi bar at least once. It's like dim sum minus the cart and the extremely abrasive lady pushing the cart. Choo Choo - you'll understand why it's called Choo Choo - just opened not too long ago. The concept is this... you sit at the bar-like table and the sushi pieces on small plates moves on a coveyor belt right in front of you. If you see something you like, you grab it. Moves like a choo choo train. Get it now? I didn't get it until my 4 year old said it. Haha They have lots of varieties of sushi rolls, all your familiar ones like Dragon rolls, Caterpillar rolls, etc. Sashimi pieces such as tuna, smoked salmon, etc. They also have edimame and fried wonton. Lots of variety but nothing unique that no one has heard of. It wasn't bad sushi but nothing orgasmic either. It was okay. If there's something you don't see "moving" you can order it. You can also order bento boxes ranging from $7.50 to $12.00 but only during lunch. The price of the moving sushi varies. Depends on what you get. The plates are color coded. Yellow is the least expensive at $1.50. Edimame and simple rolls are on the yellow plates. The most expensive is the orange plate at $4.00. These are going to be the more complicated rolls that have tuna and salmon. Service was really good. The waiter took his time explaining how everything worked. He was really sweet and told me that if I needed anything else I could just order it. He told me about 3 times. The restaurant itself is very clean but it's new so of course it is. They also have regular tables and an outdoor patio. I'd definitely come back but I'd pick a better time for more sushi varieties to come out. I went around 4 PM, that's after lunch and before happy hour. Not much going on in the kitchen. But as I was leaving, I noticed that they went from 1 sushi chef to about 5. Good thing I left. If anyone says you can't get full off of sushi they're yanking your chain. You can and I did.
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2010,2/10/2010,84,184,5,7,9>Seriously, I feel lucky for having a GPS.  I have a bad sense of direction and would have never in my dreams found this hidden little gem.  The fabulous other yelpers (who I was to shy to introduce myself to) already had their selection of teas and were more than nice enough to share.  It was awesome being able to sample so many wonderful scents and tastes.  Aromatic and hot, minty, cranberry, passion fruit and smoky were some of the various scents that I was able to inhale.  It was so delightful.  John (one of the really friendly yelpers) ordered food and everyone at the table was awed.  It looked delicious and according to him, it was.  Plus, Farrah stated that their panini was yum!  They serve crepes...ha...I'm excited to go back!
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2009,2/9/2010,393,766,6,13,11>While this may not be my cup of tea as far as decorating goes, this is most definitely a cool place to check out.  The hubby loves old maps, so we stopped in one day to check it out.  Very impressive.This store has so many old prints, paintings, lithos, documents, etc that you could spend hours in here easily.  The maps where what we came in for and they were pretty impressive.  I especially loved the older ones that showed how cartographers envisioned what the world looked like back then.  (Be aware that there is quite the price tag that goes with these goodies!)My favorite part was the back section with all of the old documents.  You can see slave documents, old currency, letters from numerous wars, etc.  It was amazing to see so much history all at your fingertips.  The majority of the store actually had a bunch of art that revolved around birds and flowers.  Definitely not what I'm into, but the extreme detail was interesting to look at.  What really impressed me was the depth of knowledge from the employees.  They really care about their work and it is evident in their explanations.  There was one man who was giving basically a history lesson to a little 9 year old doing a history project.  Cute!If you have the bucks and want to splurge on a cool piece of history, this is a nice place to check out.  When I was in there, they were preparing for Valentine's Day so they had old valentine's sitting there in frames raning from $150-200.
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2009,2/8/2010,274,156,6,13,10>One part Da Camera and one part Houston Chamber Choir EQUALS one Excellent Blended Cocktail of Human Vocal & Musical Performance. Now I know that Houston is full of world class artists, but it's always wonderful to be reminded time and time again that this city has and attracts the talent audiences here enjoy. "After Bach" premiered this spring at the Wortham Theater with separate performances by visiting concert pianist Awadagin Pratt and the Houston Chamber Choir. In a wonderful volley of performances of Bach on piano and then Mendelssohn with the Choir, we were treated to the original master and then his influence on Mendelssohn (thus the name of this concert - thank goodness for liner notes). My two favorite parts of this concert was the piano work of Bach's Fugue in C minor and Mendelssohn's Jauchzet dem Herrn alle Welt. Mr. Pratt masterfully performed a piece that I would suspect was taken (or would go on to influence) Bach's organ music. I got hints of Bach's Fugue in D minor which is a personal favorite of mine. I felt that the HCC's Jauchzet... (an Capella piece) really showed off the wonderful blend of the company's voices and conducting by Robert Simpson. The entire concert was brought together after the intermission with Franz Liszt's Via Crusis, 14 Stations of the cross for chorus and piano. Awadagin Pratt & the Houston Chamber Choir joined forces in a performance that would have been comfortable in any majestic European cathedral. Not exactly the fare of a Baroque Top 40's fan like me, but a wonderful performance nonetheless. A nice added touch:  I'm glad that Da Camera & Houston Chamber Choir added the lyric sheet. Ich spreche ein bisschen deutsche (I speak a little German), but barely (and I could use all the help I can get).  All these things and a good program just add to the education and appreciation of the audience for the music's history and significance. I'm looking forward to the upcoming season of the Houston Chamber Choir.  This last year's was a interesting blend of classical, jazz, European and American (North & Central) performances.  HCC is talented, professional and wonderfully conducted company that I'll be enjoying for year's to come.  Don't miss them!
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2009,2/7/2010,138,127,8,7,7>Okay chicken lovers, UNITE. And I ain't talking bout the "eating" kind. Raven Grill has a few adorable (pet?) chickens running around their establishment. Some will even perch with you as you sit on the benches outside waiting to be seated. My husband was FASCINATED by the chickens. I mean FASCINATED in a way I imagine he could only be if he were at a strip club....Either way-- onto the inside of the restaurant. It was very minimal, warm lighting, but CHILLY interior (temp wise). The hostess was a cutie pie who looked like she just stepped out of a J. Crew catalog. It seemed like a neighborhood joint that was a well kept secret.The bar was filled with hip West Universitians as was the restaurant. The the wine list wasn't extensive, but did have a few great choices by the glass or half bottle and the food was really really savory.  We had the "tower of rings" and tuna carpaccio as appetizers. The rings were a mixture of deep fried onion and poblano peppers served with a side of spicy ranch dressing. DIVINITY on the plate. Some of the best onion rings I've had in a long while. The poblanos were a very very nice treat as well. The carpaccio was pretty tasty as well.I had the Raven Grill Cheeseburger while the mister had the cedar plank salmon. Both were really really tasty. We will definitely be back!
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/14/2009,2/6/2010,53,60,17,22,11>I moved here about 2 moths after if officially opened last year. It started off missing alot of amenities that were promised by my move in date and it stayed missing some of those amenities until half way thru my lease. The occupancy level was well below 50% when I moved in and close to full by the time I moved out middle of this year. The office service kind of followed a bell curve during that time as they were trying to get a feel of what was going on and got really good at it, and then seemingly the amount of people that needed to be managed thru my time here caused a decline in service and fully functional property. Great location, right across the street from Hermann Park. Almost brand new and good quality build overall, but semi-pricey for what they offer overall. Security has been an issue for people I know that live there in terms of robbery, but I hadn't personally had any issues. A 'new' roommate of mine (that I had to get mid-way thru the lease b/c my old roommate and friend got a job offer in SF) had his bike stolen, though he turned out to be a big douchebag (owes me 2 months rent and 5 months utilities and moved out on me before lease end without paying) so it's all good with me that that little thing happened to him... I'm not bitter! ... His name is Mike Lynch and this con-artist is from Colorado... in case anyone knows him. Overall based on price range, it could be better it could be worse. 3-star place by the time I left, 4 star about 6 months into lease when they were clicking on most cylinders.
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2009,2/5/2010,118,142,5,9,9>It's about time Houston had a open urban market that's not your typical flea market!  Located in the Tlaquepaque Market, this open market is open only on Saturdays from 10am to 4pm. The entire place reminds me of El Mercado in San Antonio.  Vendors are local artists spotlighting some of their work in painting, metal work, jewelry, pottery, etc. and local merchants bringing in authentic folk art from Mexico and Latin America. Everyone is so sweet and eager to show off their booth. Every week the vendors will change so make sure to go often. There's lots of parking and a mini kitchen inside for a quick snack. Or and you can head over to Bohemeo's, which is conveniently located next door, and have a hot meal! I can't wait to go back next week!
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2009,2/4/2010,116,293,4,11,10>I can't drink alcohol 'tis the sad story of my life... But, at Anvil I can look cool just like the rest of you! That's because the guys here can make a mean mocktail. Yup yup! It's hard to find bars in Houston that makes good mocktails so I'm all down for Anvil. Minus 1 star for the acoustic. Place wasn't even packed and it got really loud in there.
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2009,2/3/2010,49,81,4,11,9>So I have this bizarre, disabling stomach condition that strikes out of nowhere, and when it strikes, the only food I can comfortably eat is sushi.  I wish I were making this up, but it is what it is.  Anywho, after a week of eating grocery store sushi, I decided I wanted something other than a crunchy roll from HEB.  Hubby volunteered to pick something up for me, so I decided to try out Toro.I called in a to-go order, and the man answering the phone was both cordial and efficient.  He took my name, number, and order and promised it would be ready in 15 minutes.  And it was!  I ordered a shrimp tempura appetizer, which actually came with 3 shrimp and several veggies.  It was fabulous-light, crispy, crunchy.  I only wish I could've eaten it all, but all I could do was sample thanks to the Stomach Monster.  The Scorpion Roll was a beautiful concoction of shrimp tempura, cream cheese, and jalapeno (but not a lot) topped with masago, crab meat, and avocado.  It was so gorgeous and smooth, I didn't want to mar it with any additions, though they were careful to pack some wasabi, ginger, and soy sauce with my order.  Based on the food alone, I have to give 5 stars.  Obviously I cannot speak to the ambience, etc., but I do hope to go in person SOON and try out the hibachi as well some other sushi rolls.  With tip for the guy who packed my order, it came to $25 and it was worth every penny (remember, this is coming from the woman who resented $20 for Todai's buffet)!
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/24/2009,2/2/2010,308,398,32,28,30>In Charles Dickens' "A Christmas Carol", Scrooge is visited by three ghosts.  The last one, the "Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come", shows him a gloomy and terrible future given his current path.  Coming here on a Saturday morning was like being brought by that hooded figure - it offered a vision of what Texas will become and/or what I'll become if I'm not careful.As Sergio S noted in his review, this place is quite "old boy Texas" in décor:  dozens of hunting and fishing family photos line the walls, only broken up by the occasional stuffed fish.  The photos aren't of customers but all of the family that owns this place.  Old-school wooden tables and booths are your furnishings and the cafeteria look is complete with the short food line.  At 8 AM, the parking lot was full and I had to park across the street at the North Shepherd Fiesta.The customer mix was a frightful blend of bed head hair, elderly teeth, trucker caps, and a lot of examples of why America (and Houston) is rapidly becoming "Obese Nation".  To their credit, a lot of the customers knew the line staff by name and called out their hellos and goodbyes - which, at 8 AM, is not what I necessarily wanted to hear before I'd gotten my feedbag on.Standing in line, the short-order cooks struggled to keep up with the various orders.  At first, I was worried that I hadn't made my presence felt - much like a ghost, I was invisible - but it turns out that you order at the cash register, you get a stub, and they'll bring the meal out to you when ready.  I ordered the breakfast special ($1.85) served from 6 AM to 1015 AM daily; consisting of 2 eggs any style, hash browns or grits, and a choice of toast or biscuits.  Opted for scrambled eggs, hash browns [I've never cottoned to grits despite living in the South all my life], and biscuits.  Added a bowl of gravy for the biscuits for 75 cents.  The Texas Special is two pancakes, two slices of bacon, and two eggs for $2.99.It took an agonizing 30 minutes for my plate to come out under the crush of orders - I had time to both observe and avert my eyes from the parade of people in the place.  Sort of trying to glance at a car accident - look but then don't look.  A large extended family was finishing their meal - the mom got up to get to-go boxes and I thought:  Why not leave it since it only cost $1.85 a person?  An older lady chatted up a passing child then left a stack of small coins as tip for her meal.  An older man ate his pancakes but then stopped, obviously winded by the effort.  The spirit of the place was one of a hardscrabble existence - both for the staff and for the patrons.  I felt slightly guilty coming in freshly-scrubbed and full of energy, both for the day and for life.The eggs were hot, the hash browns could've used a bit more browning, but the biscuits were obviously made from scratch - you bet I ate both them in entirety.  After focusing on the meal, I paid up at the cashier, left a disproportionate tip (to pay it forward, so to speak), channeled my energies into a positive course for the day, and resolved to use what I'd seen today to motivate myself to a better future.  The "Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come" had gotten its message to me loud and clear:  Grab life by the horns.
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2009,1/31/2010,251,713,21,18,13>This is the place to find great inexpensive jewelry.  It's not dirt cheap like Duo and Langford Market, but then again it doesn't look like cheap dirt either.  Really cute necklaces and earrings for about $10-$30.  The clothes on the other hand are just a little too trendy.  Cute and decently-made, however I just question the shrinkage after a few washings.  However, if you are looking for a really cute piece that you'll only wear for the one season, this is a great place to start...it may be the only place you'll need to go.  If you want to spend the extra money on something that will crossover into other seasons, then just spend that extra money and go to either Pixie and Ivy* or Anthropologie.  That way you can feel a little better with your dry cleaning bill.One major pet peeve with this place are the teenage girls that venture here unsupervised.  On my last trip here, I was forced to endure a pack of either Memorial or West U area girls.  Ugh.  I'll paint the picture for you.  (It would be more appropriate to write this with stage directions and dialog boxes, but alas, too involved for these kiddos...okay, I'll casually attempt.)  Imagine two high-pitched voices coming from offstage (out of site in their separate dressing rooms that are in the middle of the store).  Dialog isn't necessary.  I don't remember the specifics, but rest assured it was vapid and only meant to draw attention to themselves.  "I'm here, I'm here.  Listen to me.  Notice me.  Blah, blah, blah."  Perhaps substitute the dialog from the beginning of Sir Mixalot's "Baby got Back."  As I drew nearer to that part of the store, attempting to block the noise out, they entered the scene stage right.  Baby t-shirts, miniskirts, and as it was January, their dirty Ugg boots.  At that moment I had been contemplating asking the store employee to hold my stuff for an hour, while I exited through the trap in center stage.  Thankfully I was saved.  The young girls deposited their ten pound piles of clothes in the arms of the employee, and exited stage left.  If it would have been appropriate to applaud, I most certainly would have been amongst a crowd of at least eight.*Pixie and Ivy is now closed, but let's just replace that name with oh...J Crew, which is now vying for "cute" status a la Anthropologie.
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2009,1/30/2010,20,31,6,9,8>This place is full of Huynh. It's not even the fact that you can have a semi-intelligent conversation merely over the pronunciation or that you can buy a .99 cent Ninja mask from the store next door...it is a culmination of excellent factors.1.) Atmosphere is radiating. From the outside looking in all you see is a regular restaurant spot in the middle of a strip mall. From first entrance, complete with uplifting scents of sandalwood and jasmine incense, you begin to believe the motto "Don't judge a book by its cover." The decor and essence inside is completely underestimated. 2.) The service is flawless. Within two visits, the owner already recognized us and would strike up conversation on a whim. She really made me and my friend feel like important customers and kept eye contact with us the whole time. It was more than just "take your credit card, complimentary mint, and leave." The waitstaff is never slow to refill your glass and come by occasionally to ask if the meal is to our liking.3.) The food lives up to the overall experience. Although the vermicelli is not the best I've had in Houston (*cough* Van Loc *cough*), the Pulled Duck and Cabbage appetizer, the Ribs, and the Coconut Curry dish are all exquisite. The prices are also surprising for the quality and quantity of food you receive. 4.) The coffee. Oh, the coffee. I have come to label myself an expert on french press coffee around the Houston area. This coffee blows the competition away. The chocolate hints compliment the coffee well and there is not an overpowering "bite." They serve it perfectly with allowing the customer to stir up the coffee and the condensed milk at the table rather than preparing it for you. I asked the owner, eventually, what made hers so great and she told me that the coffee is made in-house. I was taken aback, most shops just use the Cafe Du Monde beans but not this place, this is special coffee. I only wish they would serve a glass of hot water to allow customers to pour over the press more than just once.Overall, if you are searching for a step above the regular "seat you-feed you-leave you" Vietnamese spot than look no further. Huynh offers artistic and inspiring moods, friendliness and excellence. Oh, and it's BYOB for $1.50, folks.
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/23/2009,1/29/2010,27,121,7,7,3>Food: All we had was the Hainan Chicken, it was delicious.  It was cooked perfectly.  The rice was also good but on the small side considering the price.Ambiance: The decor is really nice, although the lights are so dim that you can barely read the menu which is compounded by it being on beige colored paper.  My wife could not read it period.Music: W..T..F?  The music was loud and obnoxious.  Lots of  "Diamonds an' ho's" and "Gu-u-u-uu-rl, dat ass make me wanna make a baby wit u-U-u-U?"   Along with waitstaff crunk walking to the beat it was enough to ruin the experience.That being said, the servers were friendly and attentive and our food was delivered in about 5 minutes.
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2009,1/28/2010,134,149,1,4,1>Orchid growers are not your typical gardeners. It takes a unique kind of person to willing care for a plant that demands constant attention and rewards its keeper with the briefest of blooms, sometimes only every few years.  Or perhaps that is part of what drives the fascination.  Houston, being a place where an orchid can survive outside is something of a hot bed of orchid culture.  Clown Alley is appropriately located on Lilly St. a block over from Daisy and Pansy Streets. and just across from Gardenia Trail and Honeysuckle Lane.  I am serious, check the map.  The place is dedicated exclusively to orchids and apparently does as much of their business by phone and mail order business as they do by local retail.  Two full green houses filled with orchids ranging from common to exotic.  The owner is very friendly and quite knowledgeable.  He is a regular at orchid shows around the South and presents at the Houston Orchid Society.  Like I said, orchid growers are not your typical gardeners.  He spent probably forty five minutes with us explaining the idiosyncrasies and characteristics of dozens of different orchids, how to care for them, the ins and outs of different media, you name it.  If orchids are your thing, it is definitely worth a trip out to Pasadena.
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2009,1/27/2010,55,336,2,11,6>Alex Brennan-Martin has indeed been a busy restauranteur. Besides overseeing the rebuilding of his famed Brennans of Houston (Sister to NOLA's Commander's Palace), he has opened up his new concepts adjoining Hotel Sorrella in the revamped Town & Country development called City Centre. His desire for a simplistic casual bistro in an upscale presentation has been realized with this Grand Opening. Upon arriving, you will notice the modern design that houses Cafe Rose (Cafe Au Lait to Cabernet says the tag line) downstairs while the bistro resides upstairs (stairs or elevator). The space is charming with beautiful wood that is lathed and finished in huge planks and hanging from the ceiling. Whether sitting at a table or comfortable booth, you should have a comfortable view of the rest of the dining room. The loud music playing over the system belied the fact that this is southern hospitality at its modern best. This isnt your grandparents Brennan's concept.The service was experienced and polished, timely and knowledgeable. The table was started with some artisan breads and a very interesting triple onion jam of sorts. The wine was a French Pinot Noir with a dry finish $11 that got tastier as it opened up.We decided to start with a family mainstay of Turtle Soup (Au Sherry), Black Angus Tartare and Assiette of Blue Crab. The soup was certainly up to its fame and the tartare was tender, well seasoned and plentiful. The jumbo lump crab was stacked on top of lemon ravigote, pickled red beets and shallots. There really was plenty of crab ($23), but the presentation was a bit awkward and there didnt seem to be any seasoning of sorts. I enjoyed it but my other guests felt it a bit bland.Our entrees included  Orange Molasses Painted Duck, Boudin Blanc Crusted Black Grouper and Deck Oven Rosted Free Range Chicken.  The duck had a confit cornbread pudding that was a great pairing. The duck itself was tasty, perfectly cooked and well received by those at the table that like Duck. The hands down favorite was the Grouper that were dressed with fire roasted Texas Shrimp. The best part of the chicken (a little dry) was the smoked roma tomatoes that came with carrots, mushrooms and a pear brandy chicken glace. With so many  sexier choices, leave this for the picky eater of the bunch. I cant wait to try the Chateaubriand and the Redfish on the Half Shell next visit. While we decided to pass on the meats and cheeses that were offered, the choices looked fantastic. The tables near us that opted for salads seemed to be enjoying the Spiced Bartlett Pear Salad and the Wild Shrimp Remoulade. There is also a great choice of small plates for those just wanting to snack.Our $5 sides were Macaroni Au Gratin (fiori pasta) and Olive Oil Wilted Spinach. I thought the mac was fine but others expected a creamier texture.For dessert we indulged in the Classic Creme Brulee, Cafe Au Lait Cheesecake and an Upside Down Apple Cake (seemed more like pie) that included nuts, caramel etc. The undisputed winner of this trio was the Apple.  Warm rich and yummy with a cup of decaf.Overall, our visit and dinner was delightful. The Morrocan style bar adjoining the restaurant will certainly become a destination for the West Side's well heeled, after work and evening crowds. The atmosphere includes a darker inside with some outside chairs and spacious areas to mill around or stand. The hotel and business grounds are dressed with lighted trees. Oh, I almost forgot, there is a mood lit pool in the outside cabana area. This place will surely be packed when the word gets out on this great venue.If you are looking for an upscale menu and crowd in a casual atmosphere with a great adjoining bar, put this on your list of things to do before the holidays.
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/9/2009,1/26/2010,40,93,7,8,9>In my optimistic nature, I will start with the good. Little Bigs is cute. I can walk there. The frozen White Russian called The Dude (or el duderino if you're not into the whole brevity thing) was fantastic! The service was so friendly. I wouldn't call the following bad per say... just not impressive. I thought we ordered a trio of the 3 different sliders. We ended up with all beef. I was a little bummed, but I remembered everyone saying the beef was "where it's at". I am going to have to firmly disagree. The 6 sliders between us were dry and flavorless. Our fries could have been delicious, had they not been cold. The ketchup shortage crisis was just irritating. I am positively going back. I hope it was just an off night.
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2009,1/25/2010,165,170,10,10,9>"My girl likes to party all the time, party all the time, party all the tiiimmmmeee" This place is the Capital S-hizit! This place reminds me of Party City's older cooler brother! Whether you are throwing a Luau themed party or a Fiesta Party, this place has it all. Even though this place is a mega store, each aisle is well organized by theme (i.e. Luau, Casino, Hollywood, Mardi Gras, Graduation). The staff at PB are very helpful and willing to make the best of your party experience. My favorite part was the Bachelorette room with unmentionables and things that will make you say "You naughty, naughty girl". The bachelorette section is so awesome, you must be 21 to enter the area. The entire upstairs area is dedicated to every type of costume imaginable. If you are looking for that slutty cop outfit they have it, if you are looking for a big bird costume they have it. If you want to throw an unforgettable party, think PARTAY BOY!!!
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2009,1/24/2010,265,191,16,18,16>And so the wait is over! Literally & figuratively. After fielding questions from our dinner group ("so what would you give this place," "how many stars," "but what about the ambience, the service"), I've finally come to the conclusion to give Mark's 4-stars. Let me enchant you with a little story on why there was so much confusion in our group of 11 regarding the rating for this restaurant. On a Friday night, we were celebrating two gal pal's bdays and had reserved ahead of time for the 8:30pm time slot. The birthday celebrant herself (upon making the reservation) asked the reservation hostess at the time if this was a good time slot, as the restaurant apparently also had another large party at 5:30pm. The hostess assured her that it would be plenty of time for the party before us to be seated, served, & cleared by our 8:30pm reservation.And so on a slightly chilly Friday evening, after valeting our cars, we piled ourselves into the tiny waiting area at Mark's. It was 8:15pm, and half of our group was there. We were told by the maitre' d at that point that the dinner party before us was paying their tab, and that as soon as it cleared, they would seat us. We didn't mind, at first, since some of our party weren't there yet.At 8:45pm, our group was complete, and we ask if the table is ready. The maitre' d nervously explained to us that the party, although paid, was still loitering around the table, but that he would go over to *politely* tell them that our party was waiting for that table. For the time being, that was a sufficient answer for us. It was, after all, only 15 minutes past our reservation. At 9pm, a complimentary round of champagne rolls on by us, served by the maitre d himself. He profusely apologized, and stated that the table STILL had not left. We asked if we could be seated elsewhere, if table arrangements could be made, and frankly, if we were actually going to be eating dinner or BREAKFAST. Finally, at 9:30pm, we were seated with the promise of comped dessert for all! Other than the 1 hour wait for our table, the rest of the night went smoothly. Our main server and his two accomplices were great at answering all our questions, from wine pairings to preparation questions, etc. He also rattled off a few off-the-menu specials that I ended up ordering. This, of course, is when I get into trouble. There are a few food items that , if available, I always want to order. One of these are truffles. That night, they had WHITE TRUFFLES shaved over some buttered bowtie pasta.. And yes, that needed to be in caps, and if possible, in bold letters as well. As soon as I heard WHITE TRUFFLES (for appetizer) coming out of the server's mouth, I was $old. When the "diamond of the kitchen" came out, it came with a full on presentation...and I was even offered to do the last shavings of the truffle for a photo-op (I declined, because as much as a picture-whore I am, I don't play with my food). Did the taste hold up to it's presentation & reputation? You bet your mother's knickers! I savored every tiny, buttery, shaving, and was even able to share a few bites to my seat mates.For the main entree, I again went with a special. It had the giant spiny lobster. And by giant, I mean gargantuan. Split right down the middle, and served alongside some sauteed spinach & angel hair pasta, the "meat" inside was plump, juicy, and tender. Though served with two dipping sauces (melted butter, and a lemon-butter sauce), the lobster flavor really did not need any aid as it was prepared perfectly. I've NEVER been full on lobster before and for the first time in my life, I conceded defeat. The low-point of the evening was my chocolate cake, but to be fair, it was possibly just hugely over-shadowed by my app and entree. Our group ordered mostly bread pudding, chocolate cake, and even the $20 milkshake. All were decent, but didn't induce fireworks.And now came the exciting part of the evening...splitting the bill! For a group of 11, our tab came up to roughly $750 (with grat included). At first, we thought, NOT BAD! Between 11 people, that's roughly 60-70/pp, which is what we alotted for. However, when we truly separated the checks, $300 out of the $750 was all MINE. =)How did I do that much damage, you say? Well, for starters, the white truffle app was (gulp) $60...spiny lobster: $80. And it just snow-balled from there! Now, was the truffle worth $60??? I'd say $40 (since most apps cost between $15-30), but it shouldn't cost more than most entrees on the menu! I do understand, however, the price of white truffles and supposedly, it contained a sufficient amount in my dish. The spiny lobster to me was worth every penny, if not more. Do I regret spending so much on one night of gustatory indulgence to celebrate two birthdays with 11 friends? Not one iota! Life is short! Carpe Diem! Insert whatever old adage here, and then head over to Mark's and enjoy.
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2009,1/23/2010,158,402,5,8,6>I'll be the first to admit that I hate tapas bars.  All the ones that I've been thru serve meager overpriced portions and by the time you're really full you've bllown 100 bux and your stomach still grumbles asking you "is that the end??"  So when I was running around doing errands and such on a Saturday i was famished, but when the lil' lady suggested a tapas bar, i was already planning which BK value meal would quell my hunger better.I like the interior.  very cool and gives me a feel like i'm not surrounded by high-rise office buildings or in the middle of a strip mall.  the server was entertaining and quick with suggestions.  He was so good witht he suggestions hell I jus told him what i liked and he chose for us.  For drinks I had their only merlot on the menu.  for a wine bar/tapas bar that was kinda a let down, but the choice was a great match with the meal.  For the food portions, they were more than adequate.  Each one was like getting a appetizer portion for 3-4 and not like the tapas bars i been to where it's more for 2 people only.  all 4 dishes that our waiter picked were good choices.  Between the service and food i felt like I was royalty.  I'll definetly return for the martini and Panini nite.  They do other special nights too, and after legendary service on a saturday i'll return with more of an appetite...
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2009,1/22/2010,152,200,11,6,7>Well, I was drunk the day my mom got outta the prison. And I went to pick her up in the fog. But, before I could get to the station in my economy friendly 4D car She got runned over by a damned old train. So I'll hang around as long as you will let me *let me, let me, let me, let me* Ok, none of this really happened, but Blanco's makes me feel like it could be a daily occurrence in my life. It's not the dingiest country bar I've ever stepped into (not by a long shot), but definitely has all the right ingredients with out the grimey feel. The best part is the location. This place sits between River Oaks and Highland village and somehow manages to fit in with its surroundings.They earn an extra stars for their huge dirt parking lot, shuffle board, creaky wood floors, and good tunes playing on the jukebox (old country... you know, the good stuff). I haven't been on a weekend yet- but I will be back with an update.
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2009,1/21/2010,256,89,14,18,18>Oh Maple Leaf, how I love you so. You almost make me want to be Canadian, especially after celebrating Canada Day here today. The place was packed! The band was great, and the bartenders stayed on top of their game and still managed to serve everyone their drinks promptly while maintaining a cheerful and friendly attitude.I've had so many great times here, plenty of great memories, in fact some I have yet to remember fully, but you get the idea. The first time I came here was for an after party back in February, ahh yes, that goes into one of the memories I can't  fully recall , oh well.This is a laid back full bar with a welcoming staff and a wide selection of Canadian beers. They also have darts, T.V.'s all over,board games, and my new favorite is their stick hockey table. I had never played until today. I was with a group of friends, initially it was just my girlfriend and I playing, but then everyone else decided to join and it got a bit competitive, fun times however. If you're a hockey fan this is where you need to be next time you want to catch a game on T.V. You can come here anytime really, to have a drink, a talk, a laugh, some fun, or if you just want to pretend to be Canadian for a day, like me.
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2009,1/20/2010,16,122,3,7,5>This will be short and sweet and to the point...just like Dim Sum should be! Pros: great for newbies to dim sum - small selection = less confusing and overwhelming picture books of the food - you'll know exactly what is it you're ordering they don't make it until you order it - selections come out hot and fresh pretty damn clean - the Bellaire DS places are notorious for sticky tables and rice/chopsticks on the ground Cons: crappy parking - but in the Village, what do you expect bad for large parties - I know, defeats the purpose of Dim Sum, right?! few tables - if you come at peak DS times (lunchtime on the wkends) you are sure to have a 30 min+ wait Rice Village dim sum - this is not Bellaire. nuff said. In conclusion, for newbies, its a good place to start. For the veteran dim summers, its great for a dim sum fix.
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2009,1/19/2010,74,122,5,10,6>One would be skeptical upon reaching the parking lot of this establishment. The shopping area in general is old brick with a narrow driveway and tight parking with signs of "Dry cleaners only Parking".Hrrm...alrite.Upon entering you are surprised with the clean and open space of the restaurant. It does feel "family run" but it is simple and has a professional "down to earth" aire... it's classy but not pretentious.We ordered off their lunch special - # 2.)LAMB SIS KEBAB(Sis Kebab) Char-grilled marinated tender cubes of lamb.#6-)ADANA KEBAB(Ground Meat Kebab)char-grilled ground lamb and beef.with the Red Lentil Soup and Shepherd's Salad. Add a touch of lemon to round out the taste - it really is a simple yet flavorful starter. The Salad is refreshing but not overly tangy. I would describe the bread to be doughy and thick - could be a bit dry if you are accustomed to mayo and cheese. Try it with olive oil - although everything seems to be "extra" on the menu.I really enjoyed the rice that came with the dish - I wonder if it's cooked with a broth instead of water? I think the #6 is more flavorful than the lamb cubes (#2).  I thought #2 had a mild "lamb flavor" that I would prefer to avoid. However you do taste a bit of the chargrilled authenticity on both dishes. Beats BK anyday!I don't know if it's Turkish food or what, but Empire & Istanbul Grill  both seem to remind me of Vietnamese food. These plates makes me think of the Vietnamese "chargrilled pork" plates with rice, veggies and meat. Except a few dollars more. (Check out my review on Istanbul yelp.com/biz/istanbul-gr )It is a little pricier than I'd like to be a regular customer. I was belly stuffed but I think it was in large part due to the bread and not the plating so much. Again, it is a classier restaurant - no pigging out! I can see why many white collar employees come here - the professionalism, attentive staff, prompt food and quiet atmosphere.
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2009,1/18/2010,45,174,4,8,8>Cupcakes for 80 cents! Now that's what I'm talking about!!Moeller's is definitely one of those old-fashioned simple bakeries. Don't come here for trendy flavors like mocha-raspberry-Nutella. They keep it simple with chocolate, vanilla, and nuts. I was really happy with the selection I sampled here (petit fours, chocolate and vanilla cupcakes, chocolate pecan cookie, pecan sandies, and chocolate peanut butter drops). I was particularly pleased by the price. A whole box of goodies for $8!The flavors here tend to fit that old-fashioned American, simple palate. Not too sweet or super-rich. The chocolate isn't a dark European chocolate. But the quality seems consistent and the prices are right. The cinnamon rolls looked really yummy, I'm aiming to try those next.
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2009,1/16/2010,48,113,4,5,5>My best friend and her mom came to do some shopping in Houston this weekend...these ladies are from New Orleans and enjoy a great dining experience.  After reading reviews and talking to friends, I decided to treat them to La Griglia.  And a treat it was!!The atmosphere is fun and as soon as we walked in, her mom's face lit up. Probably due to the sinful tower of desserts next to the hostess stand...whoa...I wanted to attack it!  The waitstaff was one of the best I've seen...our waiter was attentive and highly knowledgeable about the menu items.  He also said that if there was something we wanted off of the menu, he could make it happen.  No water glass was less than half full and everyone was so friendly and fun.  The bread basket needs no further explanation other than, holy cow...there's pizza in there.  The only thing missing was some oil and vinegar for the drier bread selections (half a star docked).  The other half star is deducted due to a ridiculously overpriced wine list.  No glass less than $10...not necessary.  The menu was so difficult to decide on a selection...everything looked so yummy!  After minutes of indecision, I decided to go with the grilled snapper topped with lumps and lumps of fresh crabmeat.  The rest of the table was more than happy with their selections....vodka tortellini was rich and delicious, and the veal scallopini was perfectly prepared.  After digging into all of the breads and my huge plate of food, there was no way we had room for dessert.  The complimentary Italian cookies that were placed in front of us, were hard to resist...even if I was as stuffed as a cannelloni.Bring your date, your family or a big table of friends...and a big appetite!
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2009,1/15/2010,90,255,3,8,5>I confess: I'm a calorie counter.  Smoothie places generally make me cringe, because there's usually nothing on the supposedly "healthy" menu that's under 500 calories.  Robeks is different.If I'm looking to get a fruit fix on the way to the dog park, the Outrageous Rasberry is always my go to low-cal option.  The servers are helpful and nice, and they sure are quick with the blender.Although I haven't tried it (but will soon, no doubt), they have a "Naturally Light" menu - every 12 oz. smoothie on this menu is under 150 calories!  Now that's just lunacy....amazingly awesome lunacy, that is.In addition to smoothies, boosts, and such, Robeks also offers juices, healthy lunch options, vitamins, and energy bars.
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2009,1/14/2010,219,206,6,11,12>I write this review with much hesitation, because this place is apparently a dining secret in Houston. With no physical sign, and no indication that anything beyond a quaint residence exists at this location, it is definitely a place you have to be invited to by someone "in the know".It is strictly a BYOB so you can stop by anyone of the various grocery or liquor stores in the neighborhood to pick up what you want. You can bring liquor as well as beer and wine so feel free to enjoy a martini with dinner if thats your thing. The house is soooo cute. You can see the staff working out of the home kitchen turned commercial as everything is open doors. The decor is contemporary meets organic, and the ambiance is welcoming and/or romantic. The meal: For the app we had the Ratatouille, a rosemary accented veggie compote. It was extremely underwhelming and tasted like cold veggies in a tomato paste. I wouldn't recommend it. I had the Pork Tenderloin with Mango Chutney, Rosemary encrusted medallions served with garlic mashed potatoes and zucchini matchsticks. My friend had the Grilled Tenderloin Filet Mignon with Gorgonzola Butter with garlic mashed potatoes and zucchini matchsticks. Both were delish, but I gotta be honest. His was fantastic, the melted Gorgonzola was the best party in my mouth I've been to all year. The dishes were priced between $22 - $28, not bad. I think their entire app menu could use some sprucing up though.This is definitely a great little gem in Houston. The staff is extremely nice, and you feel like a dinner guest in Chef Andrew's home. It's really easy to pass by so the closest landmark I can give you is The GUILD shop. Reservations are a mjust. Enjoy!
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2009,1/13/2010,31,35,8,10,10>In my experience, there has been fine dining, and there has been Mexican food. Two mutually exclusive, and equally delicious categories. That is, until we had dinner at Cielo last night. I was expecting a semi-typical Mexican restaurant, and this place had me stunned when I walked through the door. Seriously, one of the best-designed dining rooms I have -ever- seen, and being personally greeted, seated, and assured our satisfaction by the floor manager gave our dining experience that extra-classy touch. The menu is full of tasty-looking Mexican and fusion dishes - we had 4 or 5 of them, and everyone's choices were excellently prepared. They also tasted quite good, from the noises I was hearing around the table. I wanted to be a little adventurous, but I am such a sucker for fajitas.. and they were killer. Better yet, the prices are entirely reasonable (comparable to Ninfa's Original) and a bargain considering the service, quality of food, and atmosphere you're getting for your hard-earned dollar bills. All-around, one of my new favorite spots.Give it a couple weeks, and then look for the guy in the dinner jacket going face-deep in the steak fajitas. Five stars.
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2009,1/12/2010,3163,3020,14,27,21>Big props to Dave L for setting this thing up.It's nice to have something FOR FREE!Not many things in life are actually FREE.  They claim LOVE is FREE but that doesn't account for all the gifts, meals, trips that come along the way.With the BON Running club, just sign up, run/walk around rice and BAM!!!FREE FOOD!  FREE BEER! and after your 10th Run FREE SHIRT!!!You really can't beat that.  Plus there is always free Red Bull, and many other times random sponsors will show up with various other items.Great way to get people active!
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2009,1/11/2010,76,67,10,12,12>Going to the movies isn't that exciting to me as it once was...some how between the huge wal-mart-esque cinemarks and AMC's...the heart and soul of the movie going experience was cheapened to the point of no return.  Movie theatres showing such amazing titles as White Chicks, High School musical VI, or whatever Rob Schneider is making these days, while charging you 40$ for 2 and a popcorn just wasn't for me.  River Oaks theatre is perhaps the last refuge in Houston for the true movie goer, showing movies that aren't only good, but will expand your horizons.  They also have special showings every week of a variety of different classics and every Friday or Saturday, they have a showing of Rock Horror Picture show at midnight...where fanboys/girls actually act out scenes while the movie is running.  Another plus is the bar!  That's right boys and girls....and this ain't the Alamo draft house, the drinks are poured right!  So if you are sick of the typical movie going experience, do yourself a service and check out this place!  I promise you it will be well worth it.
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/6/2009,1/10/2010,51,137,7,8,8>Take this review with a grain of salt because up until Tuesday I knew absolutely nothing about banh mi.  I had my first one here, and I liked it!I was lucky enough to join a group of fellow Yelpers - banh mi experts - who guided me through my first time. *sigh*  The shop was a bit dingy, but hey, the floors were clean.  It's also a bit hard to find, but I managed.  I placed my order 'When Harry Met Sally' style.  No, there was no moaning... perverts... but an 'I'll have what she's having' did the trick after Larae M. placed her order.  We're all better off if I don't attempt Vietnamese.  The sandwiches were made quickly and came out warm...mmmmm....  The bread really is fantastic, and I loved the mix of veggies - although one jalapeno snuck up on me and burned a hole in my lip.  I had the roast pork version, which was good, but it was short on meat.  Next time, I will attempt to order extra meat for $1.  Wish me luck...I'm not sure I can fully appreciate this place yet because I've had no other banh mi to compare it to.  I know it was tasty, but I'm curious as to how it compares to other Vietnamese joints in the city.  Let the banh mi tour of Houston begin!
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2009,1/9/2010,28,83,10,8,8>Feast is for extreme foodies. If you're not scared off by a little lamb testicle or a brain dish, then this is your gastronomic delight. Feast is the kind of place you go to for a culinary adventure. The kind of place where your heart races just a little when you order. Billed as a European gastropub, the atmosphere totally plays into the menu - it's cozy, intimate and laid back. Our waiter even happened to be from London. We came with a group of eight and Feast was able to accommodate us just fine. Not that it's a place for huge crowds, but it can be done with enough warning.  I noticed they tucked us close to the back of the restaurant, which worked out beautifully since we were all snickering over the menu's various references to genitalia.  On to the best part - the food.  The menu changes daily, and while there are a few constants, challenge yourself to take a risk. You don't come here to order a salad. On the menu this particular night: chilled pigs brain, guinea fowl hearts, and duck neck and legs. We decided to hearken our inner zombies and ordered the brain and hearts to start.  Not sure I'll ever order brain again - the texture was really gooey and it tasted REALLY fishy with a metallic aftertaste. Not for me. Since I've never eaten brain before, I couldn't tell you if it was on par. The hearts were actually pretty good. Kind of tasted like a smoky sausage with a slight tinge. My husband ordered a pea and pork belly soup, and that was phenomenal. The pork belly was so tender and not too fatty (in the soup anyway).  Someone at the table also ordered the albondigas, or Spanish meatballs, and I was a little disappointed by this dish. It was just a little too spicy and the spice overwhelmed the taste of the meatballs.After such an adventurous opener, I went with a low-key dish: guinea fowl.  It was served in just a touch of a broth with roasted potatoes and snap peas. The guinea fowl was delicious. Not too fatty and bursting with flavor. Other entrees ordered included a beef cassoulet, a lamb shank and beef tongue. The beef tongue was served in thin slices, so it didn't feel like you were French kissing a cow. One thing about Feast - the portions are ginormous. Huge. I swear, I think I had half a fowl on my plate. So keep that in mind when ordering (especially if you don't necessarily want to fill up on heart). After such an exciting gastronomic meal, the dessert menu came and we sort of just glossed over it. The desserts seemed rather ordinary, so we passed. Which was a good thing, since someone in our party cleared the room after making some sort of reference that involved scrotum and coffee filters. Don't ask.
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2009,1/8/2010,172,157,9,13,8>As I stared at the directory, I realized the importance of telling Google directions the suite number of my destination. The directory revealed I was on the wrong side of The Houston Pavillion. I jay-walked across the street, made a right at Caroline, and I found Andalucia, next to Mia Bella Trattoria.My waiter, Michael is just the kind of waiter I like the most --- f.a.k.e. ---friendly, attentive, knowledgeable, and efficient. He let me have my way. I choose where I wanted to be seated, way in the back of the restaurant, beneath the giant mural of the matador. When I asked Michael what his favorite dish was; he pointed out several dishes. He was also able to answer lots of my questions. After much consideration, I ordered the oxtail tapas reluctantly. It was out of my comfort zone to try ox meat. Complimentary bread was brought to my table. It smelled great, the taste not so much; I believe it was sour dough bread. I asked for butter. I received unsalted butter. Yuck!Doubts about whether I had ordered the right thing filled my mind as I waited for it to arrive. When the oxtail arrived, I cringed, there it was. It looked good at first impression, like a pot roast. Carrots and chick peas peaked out of the orange brown sauce. I tasted the sauce, that surrounded the oxtail; it was delicious and it had a spicy after taste. I tried the oxtail; to my relief, it tasted like beef. All doubts about whether I had chosen the right tapa vanished, I was very pleased with what I ordered.I had a very good experience. I intend to update this review after Friday.  I am hosting an event here this upcoming Friday, as part of the Spanish Language Meetup. Let's see how the staff handles a group of 20.
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2009,1/7/2010,100,190,7,8,8>Any place that combines my love of horror movies and hot dogs has got my vote. I visited Ray's last weekend for Danielle's UYE and ordered the Creature from the Black Lagoon and fries. Whoa -- this is a chili dog at its best. I guess there was a bun holding it all together but I certainly don't remember seeing it. I do remember a jumbo hot dog covered in a ton of homemade tasting chili and slathered in cheddar and onions.Beware of The Blob!It creeps, and leaps, and glides and slides,Across the floor, right through the doorAnd all around the wall.A splotch, a blotch,Be careful of The Blob!That's exactly how I felt when I left Ray's... like a blob filled with goodness.I will be back and the next time I visit Ray's I want someone to try the King Kong! It's a burger with five patties. Five. Sure it's $15 but I think that's a fair price for a gargantuan meal like that. I'd probably skip the fries though... or add em. Whatever you think.
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2009,1/6/2010,50,19,8,26,16>I watched this cool looking food truck arrive this morning for it's first day of business, and after pulling up their website, I knew what I was having for lunch. With the exception of some great Vietnamese joints, and Lucky's sports bar, "EaDo" is a wasteland when it comes to food, so this was a VERY exciting new thing to go check out. They were just getting up and running today, and suggested the burger. They have chicken, shrimp, and beef...I ordered the beef with just greens and tomato...I like simplicity on a burger...and like to add my own sauce. (They offer sriracha sauce...which is what I like to put on a burger at home!) Instead of fries, I ordered their potato salad, because he said it was more like a German potato salad, which I like. I HATE regular potato salad. Finished off my order with a glass of iced tea. Supposedly all their food is sourced locally, even the grass-fed/free range beef on my burger, and the vegetables. What I can tell you, is that my burger was GOOD! Just the smell of the beef was driving me nuts as I was trying to get that brown bag up to my kitchen. The taste was just awesome...and the greens put it over the top. No tasteless iceberg junk on this burger. Even the bun was fresh and nothing like what you get on a typical burger. The potato salad was a GREAT and refreshing alternative to greasy french fries, and came in a pretty good sized container. I really enjoyed every last bit of it. And what can you say about iced tea? It didn't have any special fruit flavoring or anything like that, but it did actually have a great taste...like iced tea SHOULD. Not the typical flavorless stuff you get in restaurants. I think all of the packaging was even compostable/recyclable...right down to the fork! They had a compost container available there. The guys running the truck were very friendly, and very enthusiastic about their new business, and I'm really impressed that Houston now has a place to eat like this...even better that it landed on my doorstep! :) Check out my pictures...check out their website...then stop by and try their food. (I can't wait to go back and try their pocket pies!!) It's located in the parking lot of the Kim Hung Asian supermarket, and directly across the intersection from the popular Vietnamese restaurant "Huynh's". It's just an 11-3/M-F lunch spot, but it sounds like we'll be seeing them around town at other times. I know I can't wait to get back again!UPDATE:I went back again today...I needed more...Chicken Burger: This isn't a dry, boring chicken breast, but instead a tasty ground chicken patty with sauce and veges. Awesome. Just like the beef burger, it isn't huge on size...it's huge on flavor. I can eat a burger and side of potato salad here, without having to take a nap afterwards and feel guilty about what I ate. Chicken Chile Relleno Pie: A chile relleno that you can carry around in your hand...killer! The filling is great! This is a must-have here.Twice Baked Potato Pie: How do you improve mashed potatoes? Fry it up in a tender, flaky crust. Jeez, I could stuff these in my face all day...Vegetable Pie: All of their vegetables here are fresh and locally grown. Stuff them in a fried pocket pie...and even I could become a vegetarian chomping these down!And as if I needed it...another side of potato salad...I'm going to have to save that for dinner. ;)Oh yeah, and this time I opted for some blue agave honey in my tea....excellent!And as if I needed more excuses to go back, they gave me a Pie Fan Club Card...buy 10 combo meals, get one free! Next week I'm going back for their shrimp burger...they say it's a patty made from fresh Gulf shrimp...I can't wait!
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2009,1/5/2010,211,151,5,17,14>Okay I don't like doing review updates because I feel like it negates my previous review and no one will therefore read the old review... but Aka reallly deserves this.My awesome boyfriend threw me a surprise birthday dinner party at Aka this past Saturday. For 30 (THIRTY!) people! If you've been to Aka, you know that it's not the biggest restaurant, but Aka went above and beyond to accommodate us. My boyfriend began coordinating with the owner a week before to get everything arranged and it went seamlessly. With a group of 30 people, you can only imagine what type of billing catastrophes could result from this. But here, they were extremely careful about who ordered what. My boyfriend ordered a round of appetizers for everyone on his tab, and then if people wanted their own food and drinks, they put it on their own tab.We had the party during reverse happy hour which starts at 9pm. They have probably around 15 appetizers you can get for $3-5 on average. There are also drinks from $2-5 as well. The lychee blossom sake cocktail is delicious! This is a great place to predrink before going out for the night. Aka was nice enough to store my birthday cakes in the fridge and then brought them out (candles and all) when it was time. They gave us tons of plates forks to distribute the cake. I even gave the waiter and owner some cake too :)To sum it up, I'm so impressed with Aka's great service. They went above and beyond and I could not be happier!
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2009,1/4/2010,196,278,16,25,14>I like burgers.  I love good burgers.  I adore great burgers.  When I heard about Smashburger, I said to myself, "Self, another foreign (i.e. from out of Texas) burger chain has invaded Houston.  Maybe it'll be OK, but I don't have high hopes.  It's a chain, so it's going to be lame."I was dead wrong.Smashburger makes an excellent hamburger.  It starts with a hand-formed patty (1/2 pound in this case) smashed fairly flat.  It's topped with a slice of thickish American cheese, and remarkably fresh veggies -- we're talking truly crisp here.  The assembled product is perched atop a fresh eggy bun, and the burger hangs over the bun about 3/4" on all sides.Interestingly enough, this burger doesn't come across at all as an upscale burger.  It's more of a traditional, down-home griddled burger, but prepared with remarkable balance and attention to detail.  How's it taste?  Superb.  The beef is griddled expertly, with plenty of ooze left.  The cheese/beef combination approaches the Golden Mean; the combined flavor was about as dead-on as could be.  The super fresh veggies added their flavors to the mix, but everything stayed distinct.Christian's Totem, Beck's Prime, and the rest of the top notch burger joints in town now have a new, serious competitor.  I'd have to give Beck's a slight edge for more flavorful meat (the mesquite taste is excellent) but Smashburger nails the beef/cheese ratio and the combined flavor is really excellent.  I think this is the best chain burger in town.  I still have to give the overall edge to Christian's Totem... but the mediocre experience that is Christian's Tailgate in Midtown demonstrates just how impressive Smashburger's consistent approach really is.There may be better burgers in Houston, but I'd not fault anyone for naming Smashburger as his favorite.(Update:  A friend pointed out that I'd not mentioned the fries, and that is a mistake that should be corrected.  The Smashfries are unique and delicious.  It's cone of paper (artfully presented in an iron holder) filled with thinish, machine-cut fries, probably thawed and fried.  The magic is in the execution:  They're fried perfectly; crisp on the outside, soft on the inside, and then seasoned with rosemary, olive oil, and sea salt.  Very unique, and a wonderful counterpoint to the great burger.)The biggest fault?  The location.  They're at Kirby and S. Main.  Although I do see property values rising in that neighborhood now.When's that Woodlands location opening?
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2009,1/3/2010,61,52,5,6,6>The best analogy I can make for The Breakfast Klub in regards to its competitiveness as a Brunch option is this...Eating here is like competing in the Olympics, winning the Gold Medal, but falling just short of the world record.  And you know what would give this place that extra kick?  A liquor license...Either way, this place epitomizes the ideal brunch setting, especially after a fun night out before.  The set up here is just brilliant.  When we first rolled up, there was a fairly substantial line out the door which made me cringe at first.  Buy luckily my friend is a regular patron and stated that the line tends to move fairly quickly (which it does).  As you wait in line, they have ice cold waiter with cups for your to sip on as you peruse the plentiful menu.  After you decide what you would like to eat, a waitress will come and take your order and give you a receipt (all while you are waiting for your table!) It is a very efficient system.  Once you get inside the restaurant and get to the front of the line, you hand your receipt to the cashier and will notice a very lively atmosphere, with interesting decor and cool music.  It is a very popular place!I ordered one of their signature dishes: Wings and Waffles.  I have ALWAYS wanted to try that and I have to say that it beat my expectations threefold.  I enjoyed every bite, although I doubled my workout routine for the week.  I definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants a good brunch on a Saturday or Sunday.I just hope one day they offer a Bloody Mary to go with my meal!
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2009,1/2/2010,283,153,5,8,7>This place is just plain awesome, no matter how you look at it.  Each time I go in there, I spend a good half hour at the sniffing bar just smelling each tea-- with so many amazing flavors, you're sure to find about 20 that you'd like to try.  You can sit down with a pot of tea and chat with a friend or buy it loose to take home and brew yourself.  Mmmm, fair-trade, organic tea.  Only the best.If you've decided to stay a while and have  a pot, you'll get to pick your own cup from an eclectic bunch on the wall.  I almost felt like accepting it with two hands while bowing and saying 'arigatou gozaimasu.'  Then, have a seat and listen to the waterfall rippling in the background.  If you like, you can bring food over from Field of Greens next door (people do it all the time) so as to enjoy both amazing food and amazing tea at the same time.They'll bring your tea to you shortly and they are SO NICE!  Seriously, I realize that working here has to be one of the best jobs ever, and it really shows.  The staff is cheerful and attentive.Top your experience off with a cupcake-- you won't regret it.
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2009,1/1/2010,466,956,13,16,13>"A woman's rule of thumb: If it has tires or testicles you're going to have trouble with it" hahaha!! that's one of the quotes you can find written on the walls in the women's bathroom! There are many more, but I choose to let you go see them yourself. If you are a guy, make sure no women are there when you go in! I loved Union Bar. I had a great time last night and since it wasn't the weekend we didn't have to wait in line or suffer looking for parking. The first thing I saw was the patio. Definitely cool with the tikki lights, umbrellas and metal tables. We sat outside for a while and enjoyed the somewhat chilly night. Inside it's a pretty typical lounge. Open set up, TVs, sofas, tables in the middle, VIP area to the right and the bar on the left. Where the hell were these stripper poles people are talking about?! I didn't see them. I have to admit my vision was impaired as I'm trying to build tolerance to alcohol and tried to drink. My first drink was a fuzzy navel, and since I had it as soon as I got there my review is the review of a person under the influence. I was trying to shake my booty to Justin Timberlake but no one would join me, where is Adam O. when you need him!? lol I loved the videos playing on the flat screens, the sports, the music...well lets say I was one happy camper. Unlike Clinton, I am not going to complain about the music. I liked the main stream pop they played. as Eva K. explained in her own review, all the girls were mesmerized the Beyonce's "single ladies" video. Dang, that made me want to shake my booty a little more! Why don't Yelpers like to dance!? George made me my second drink, which I will name "the monster" because that drink was so good, but oh so strong! I loved it though. After that drink I became a different person. At that point you could find me dancing by myself next to the TV. There was no going back. The party was awesome. I got to chat with Yelpers, have a few drinks, and even hang out with the rest of my friends who showed up at Union. The bar food was ok, I tasted the cheese sticks and the mini burgers and they were good. The fries were great though. I didn't bother to taste the wings, they smelled spicy! I did love the green bean fries, they were awesome! I would also like to mention that you get a free bottle of champagne if you go with a group of five or more on a Thursday. I also enjoyed the live music. Union is A-ok for me. I don't know what went on there with the gay activists, but the bar is great!
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/22/2009,12/31/2009,229,569,10,11,14>This place is old school, right down to the lime green tray that the burgers are placed on when your number is called. Bellaire Broiler Burger is beautiful in its, untouched by time, demeanor. It's always nice to look around a place and see the faces of hard core, regulars. If they aren't regulars, they should consider going to Hollywood and working as regulars in restaurant scenes--Oscar winning performances here. The burgers are nice, thin pattied, goodness. Mad points for grilling the bun. This technique is always a winner in my opinion. Overall, it's exciting to see the kitchen at work as you walk toward Broiler Burger and the fun continues with the right vantage point in their dining room. There's nothing like seeing tall fire come up from the burger making process as you await your number being called. To add to Broiler Burger's already overwhelming charm, there is a framed poster in the dining area that reads, "America, the Burgerful." Burgerful indeed! Their shakes aren't too shabby either.
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2009,12/30/2009,427,838,4,7,7>Run, don't walk, to Treebeard's. Because you're not going to be able to move after.It's cafeteria style, but during lunch rush you'll get time to look at the big board. It looks daunting sure, but you're really down to two major options (that's if you don't get a salad. please, don't order a salad here). There's either a bowl of...something, or a plate of...something.The bowl is your standard cajun fare, and the ingredients rotate depending on the day. There's etouffee, jambalaya (a personal favorite), red beans and rice, or chili. For the ingredients, some days will be chicken and shrimp, or chicken and sausage, etc. You can top the filling on rice, or sans rice.The plate will be the special of the day, ranging from chicken fried chicken to fried catfish. The board will reveal all. That can be paired up with two sides. One should most definitely be the red beans and rice (the only "bowl" you can also get as a "side"). Their mashed potatoes are also delicious.At the end, feel free to pick up a piece of cornbread, but it's extra cost, and there's free french bread waiting after you pay. They've also got an amazing yellow cake if you've got a sweet tooth and extra room. But buyer beware, the portions are huge, and will leave you stuffed. It'll cost more than your combo meal from Burger King, but it's worth the extra change.
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2009,12/29/2009,153,176,15,20,15>Doctor!!! We're losing him!!! Not on my watch we're not!!! Nurse, give me room dammit!!!We've lost him. He's sunk into a food comma with a smile.  Holy heavenly Italian food Batman! I met the padres for lunch yesterday and used the always helpful Yelp to seek out a restaurant. We decided on Italian food and after reading the reviews ended up here. You know you're in for a treat with the harsh critic known as Shazai gives the place a great review:)When I got to the place, the parents were already sitting and there was fresh bread on the table. They informed me that our waiter was pretty great right off the bat. He was very pleasant and I liked how he was actually from Italy.  I checked out the menu and was debating on the baked ziti but decided on the Saltinbocca Alla Romana. Instead of veal, I substituted it with chicken. It was chicken with prosciutto, fresh spinach, tomatoes and topped with provolone cheese. For the pasta, I asked for penne pasta. Dad had the lasagna and mom and the manicotti.Before the food came out we sipped on some chianti and ate the bread. Once our food did come out, that was basiclly the end of our conversation. "It's so good when it hits your lips". We dove in and barely came up for air. I was full but kept eating as if I was never going to eat again. The chicken was perfectly cooked and the toppings were perfect. I couldn't get enough of the mushrooms and next time will ask for extra. After I finished, I seriously felt like taking a nap right there in my seat.My only complaint which isn't really a complaint is that I was surprised they didn't serve the pasta al dente. That's the only thing that didn't make this place super authentic. When I was in Italy, that's the only way I had pasta. Then when some of my Italian friends make pasta, that's how they serve it. I just chalked it up to them conforming to the American way. It was still fantastic none the less, but I would have liked to have seen it served al dente. I highly recommend this place and will come back whenever the urge for eating Italian comes up. Also, don't let the neighborhood discourage you. It's not the greatest and the actual building doesn't look like anything special.
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2009,12/28/2009,131,188,5,6,7>This place has been winning me over since my last review.  They've done away with the sausage, but the cobs of corn still remains.  grubbed on some today, and they got some pretty decent sized crawdads.  However, they're also plenty of bitty ones littered in there as well.  So sizes ranges from small to jumbo...  At Seafood Shoppe all you get is mostly large to jumbo (at this time of season of course).  That's why SeaShoppe always tops my list as the best crawdads (oh, the sauce is not bad either).  Boiling Crab got some darn good sweet potato fries w/seasoning.  All-in-all, the whole shebang sauce kicks butt.  Juicy soaked heads to suck on (Hey, get your mind out of the gutter)  If they didn't have them small crawfishes mixed in... I definitely give them 5 stars.  Till then, high 4 stars... if that's such a thing!
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2009,12/27/2009,43,46,3,7,6>I am not a big fan of beef but I am a fan of a chill place to have happy hour that's not too far from home. This place has a touch of class as well. I love the idea of "5 for 6 before 7" its catchy and the choices are yummy! I went last week to join a few fellow yelpers for happy hour and had the Pinot Grigio Luna Freak-out Blend, Napa Valley. It was perfect on the pallet. I also ordered the JUMBO LUMP CRAB CAKES, with Red Pepper Sauce which was incredible for only 6 bucks. I didn't know I could get so lucky! Somehow my order of crab cakes got lost in with all of the ordering, but the waiter was so kind to bring me an extra order that I didn't even get to eat and fill so terrible about it that I will be going back Wednesday to eat more. :) To finish off I ordered the cheesecake to go and to my surprise they used blueberries with strawberry glaze and whipped cream! YUM - I will def be trying that one at home....I am sure there are many of Happy Hours here to come.
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2009,12/26/2009,47,254,6,6,5>Staying on my "firsts" themes for the day, in comes Fadi's.A Mediterranean rookie, I decided to give a chance to this place, which I though was very non-intimidating.As someone who does not like any sort of bean (sorry), I thought the hummus was great. It wasn't "too much", so it helped to introduce me subtly to these new fantastic flavors. I remember their salad selection being plentiful, fresh, and as a creature of habit I pretty much stuck with the chicken almost every time. It's off the hook, so well cooked, and the portions are generous which is definitely a Texas trait. They also have all these delicious juices to choose from. Warm people working here to serve your food. They speak to me in their language though, and it's very flattering- but I just usually politely nod completely clueless as to what they are saying. Could be cursing me out or calling me a sea cow for all I know..But who cares? The food is good, just choose right. Easy, fast, yummy, and abundant. MMMmmm... belly rubs ensue.
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2009,12/25/2009,93,136,5,6,3>Chew.  Swallow.  *gasp* I need *pants* some water *fanning mouth with hand* PLEASE! Part of the reason why I love Thai food is because of the spice, and this is the first time ever I've tasted restaurant Thai food as authentic as a friend's mom use to serve up at her house after school.I had the Pad Ped with pork. It comes with mushrooms, bamboo, and eggplants. Every veggie soaks up the red Thai spicy sauce. At first you don't feel the heat. It's like a hostile takeover, those little red soldiers surrounds the perimeter and then when you think you're safe and sound-BAM! An explosion of heat turns your face red and smoke practically come out of your ears. I really love this place, I wish it was closer though. But as good as the food was I won't need much of an excuse to make the drive. What I really want to try next time is what Larae had, Pad Ka Pao (!! 2x as spicy as my dish !!) with some sticky rice. My mouth is already watering in anticipation.
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2009,12/24/2009,40,161,8,10,11>I prefer this location far better than the one on University Blvd not only because its closer to my place but its also a lot bigger. The last time I was at the other location they did not have as many flavors as this Swirlls. I am not sure if that has changed since then. When I entered I was given a tour of the place. Ice cream 101, alright I am blonde but do not judge a book by its cover. I do not know if they normally do it at this location or not but the person there walked me through and gave me a quick tour and 5 little cups to sample the flavors. I thought it was real nice of him. After trying all the flavors and huge brain freeze I wasn't sure if I wanted to have espresso or original house blend but since the person helping me recommended their special vanilla because it goes with all the toppings I settled for it. Here is how it works. Step one: You pick a container; fill it with whatever kind of yogurt you want (chocolate mint, low fat plain vanilla, low fat chocolate, lemon, coconut, swirll low fat vanilla, pomegranate, espresso). Since they were out of coconut I wanted it bad for some reason. I guess you want the things you cannot have. Anyhow.. Moving onwards..Step two: Once you are done with filling you simply take the container to the topping bar. Their topping include little bite pieces of Twix , cheesecake, smarties, chocolate chip , shaved coconut, cherries , strawberries , pomegranate (looked rotten) , blueberries , blackberries , kiwis etc). I topped mine with 3 pieces of Twix , 2 pieces of cheesecake , berries and kiwi and some shredded coconut. Next time I will just go with coconut because it tasted great with vanilla. They also had different syrups that you can drizzle on top but high fructose corn syrup and I do not get along. Step three: You then place your container on a weigh machine. It counts the way in lbs. Step four (optional) : You pay and they give you a spoon after that. It's in a strip mall accompanied by places like Grand Lux Cafe , Barnes & Noble , Marshalls , Mortons' etc.This location is always busy whenever I pass by it no matter what the time. They have good amount of seats outdoors as well.Ways to Enjoy:You can go to Barnes and Nobel buy a book come to Swirll enjoy some yogurt and read. Shop all day at the galleria mall or go to DSW get some shoes walk across the street go to Swirlls and enjoy some yogurt. For dads , ditch your family at the mall go to Swirlls and have a relaxing time by yourself. Go to Swirlls get some yogurt walk across the street go to starbucks and have some vanilla latté with that. Also, perfect to bring your kids since its a self help place just make sure they do not get carried away with all the toppings... afterall you do have to weigh it in at the end and one cup might end up costing you $ 12
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2009,12/22/2009,225,440,8,11,12>Having spent over 7 hours that morning getting my hair did, my poor little stomach felt like I had abandoned it in the desert. So after being released from the hair tamer, my gal pal and I were in search of utterly satisfying food. Our search ended at Banana Leaf. We had talked about going here for lunch and thank goodness it was no less than 5 minutes from the salon or I may have crashed my car due to hypoglycemia. The restaurant itself is pretty small. It's in the back of a shopping center across from the Fit store on the bottom level. The walls are lined with bamboo and mini flat screens that you can pull out at your table. The tables are simple and a grass hut makes up the waitstaff staging area. After looking over the extensive menu, I was overwhelmed with options both interesting and delectable sounding. I had never eaten Malaysian cuisine, so it was a bit of a mystery what I would get. I finally decided on the Cantonese Style Stir-fried Flat Noodles. It's got wide flat noodles with pork, chicken, shrimp, calamari and vegetables with a hearty brown gravy to top it off. My meal was piping hot, but I couldn't wait to dig in. The aromas were too much to handle and I was happy after the very first bite. The gravy reminded me of traditional southern brown gravy, but with the noodles and the mixture of veggies and meat it totally took it to a new level. My stomach was already getting it's happy face on in a mere 2 bites! I ate as much as I could and walked away with a full belly and a pleased palate. Just enough carb energy was consumed to make it across the way to the Fit store....next review coming soon!
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2009,12/21/2009,26,136,6,11,6>Dearest Bath Junkie, Look I know we've had some wonderful times together and you'll always be my first bath store love but I'm afraid I've found someone else... someone who looks after not only my skin (with 95% natural products) but also my wallet much better than you... Im sorry but my mind is made up, I'm leaving you for Naked Bath + Body.... I've fallen in love! I went to Naked Bath + Body for a lotion and left with my hands full of delicious smelling, fully customizable, natural lotions, soap, bath bombs and even perfume! Yes, I finally have that perfect signature scent - It didn't cost me a small fortune and I'm not concerned that everyone else will be wearing it... for you see at Naked Bath + Body you have the ability to play with 200 fragranced oils and 50 essential oils to create a fragrance that is uniquely yours and they'll place that recipe on file to ensure its always available for your next top up.Natural Perfection!
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2009,12/20/2009,38,64,6,10,8>I would vote the banh mi here probably best in Houston.  For $2.75, you can get a grilled bbq pork sandwich with butter mayo, cucumbers, carrots, cilantro, and jalapenos...this is way cheaper than any American sandwich shop! (5 dollar, what???)  This is a great lunch spot if you work close to Chinatown. There are a ton of other Vietnamese sandwich shops around Chinatown, but the thing that sets this place apart from the others is the quantity of meat.  I think they load up the sandwiches here pretty well.  You know the place is good when you see American students from the private schools on Bellaire (St. Agnes, Strake Jesuit) come here for a quick lunch!  A small tip - ask for a side of fish sauce, and dip that delicious banh mi in it, and it will help soften the outside bread some, so you won't cut up the inside of your mouth, enjoy!!  Also remember to bring cash!
<review# 1738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2009,12/19/2009,117,256,9,9,9>I'm stlll holding onto that elusive 5th star for pizza, but this place deserves 5 stars just for the friendliness of its staff! We were made to feel quite welcome as we waited for our large half-olives / half-plain to cook, and we didn't wait long. Our pizza came out quickly, and it looked amazing. As I've mentioned in other pizzeria reviews, we're Northeasterners by birth and we'd been marooned in Chicago for the past 2 years trying in vain to find a decent thin-crust pizza shop- none of that deep dish pie crap for us. We long for slices of the quality and type we could easily get in Philly, and so far I can say on that front, Houston beats Chicago out. Three of us, one who still lives in Philly, devoured that pizza and proclaimed it delicious. The sauce had a wonderful flavor and the pie was neither soggy, nor greasy. We received little containers of Parmesan, and the tables had red pepper flakes on them. I couldn't help but note for my husband's future dining pleasure that Luigi's makes what sounds like a delicious cheesesteak (although, as native Philadelphians we snootily reserve the right to bestow or withhold the honor of 'authentic' upon it after sampling, preferably while using the word 'A-hole' and calling someone 'buddy'). Didn't try the gelato but will.The space is adorably modern and colorful, there's boccie outside, and unfortunately, the parking lot is a meager 4 spaces so bring quarters for the street parking. The owners tipped us off that the meter maid is aggressive on that block. I approve of the vinyl tablecloths and fountain soda.Luigi's does deliver, but alas, not beyond about a 4 mile radius. When I batted my eyelashes and asked about Westbury he replied: "What? West U? Sure!" "Er... Westbury," I answered, pleased that he took me for someone who could afford West U, despite my cargo shorts."Is that more'in 4 miles away?" He asked. "Oh yeah."Alas... well, we'll make the trip. The pizza comes out fast enough to make it worthwhile.
<review# 1739,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/14/2009,12/18/2009,2,225,13,17,15>I can sum this place up very simply:If this is what you are into, they do it very, very well. I now understand all of the 1 star and 5 star reviews. If you dig the whole nouveau sushi scene, this place is great. If, like me, you're more of a "sushi deluxe" entree and a couple of extra nigiri on the side kind of person, this is the wrong, wrong, wrong venue. Let me put it this way, any venue that has both a white truffle risotto and a black truffle risotto as specials for the evening and it -is not- an Italian bistro clearly does not give a flying flip about anything remotely "authentic" or "traditional". And, sometimes, that's ok. Not everything has to be traditional to be good. That's what progressive culture is all about, right? Personally, I don't go to sushi bars to eat either truffles or risotto. Maybe some people do, and I'm not going to hold that against them, per se. Both my Sapphire martini and my sake-tini were made well and were not big enough to bathe in. Cocktails of a "manageable" size both in terms of actually physically holding onto the thing, and in terms of not falling down after drinking them, are important to me. These were generous without being dangerous. My starter of beef cured with salt, soy, toasted onions and water cress was excellently prepared and presented. Unfortunately, it was done so expertly, I could barely taste that it was ultra-premium beef that I was eating. It could have been almost anything. It came with a preparation of genuine, Japanese mountain wasabi. Instead of day-glo green reconstituted horse radish paste, this was white, and not clear your sinuses hot. Which, while nice, did almost nothing for the dish. I really wanted to be getting that red meat punch here, and sadly, the meat just vanished. I realize I'm an outlier in that I like the primary ingredient of a dish, esp. a raw preparation, to stand out strongly, but this was maybe a step too far into "a subtle blend of flavors" direction.When I reviewed Miyako I lamented this trend in nouveau sushi towards elaborate rolls rather than well prepared cuts of fish. I won't belabor the point. But again, I find it tedious when my choices are limited when it comes to sushi entrees. The "destiny" entree featured five pieces of nigiri -- and nothing else. No soup, no salad, no maki kicker, nothing. And it wasn't cheap. By the time I'd ordered a couple of scallop pieces on this side, the evening was really starting to add up. Everything was expertly prepared and presented, everything was fresh, flavorful, and tasty. This just really, really isn't my scene. Three words: "deconstructed miso soup". Really.  I don't drive a luxury marque car, I don't wear Diesel jeans, faux vintage pre-distressed tee-shirts that cost more than brand new ones, too much CK cologne or make spontaneously large bodily gestures during stories that startle half the restaurant. I also don't go out with a hair doo that appears to be more product than hair. Again, no offense meant to anyone. That's who some people are, and they love themselves, and there are others who love them both as brothers and as lovers. If you're one of those people, this is probably a very, very happening spot, and you should get in line at the valet as soon as possible. Me? I parked my own car and walked a couple blocks, I did my best to make polite conversation with some incredibly charming people I barely know, I tried not to roll my eyes at the tab, and I left quietly.
<review# 1740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2009,12/17/2009,113,154,4,11,7>Goodbye Cafe Montrose, Hello Poscol!This place is not for the picky eaters in the world, It is very authentic Italian. We started with the Salume special which was some type of lamb loaf with pistachios. It was quite delicious although I couldn't explain what was in it. We then had a polenta and sausage dish. The polenta cakes and sausage were diced into bite sized pieces then pan fried. They served it with toothpicks which was easy for everyone to eat.The jamon serrano was normal but it's not something I normally enjoy.Each of us ordered a main dish as well. We ordered the 3 different panini (rabbit, duck, and prosciutto with fresh mozzarella). Each were tasty but the rabbit was a bit dry. I ordered the risotto made with red wine, sherry, and parmigiana reggiano. It was very heavy and had a extremely strong sherry taste. I wouldn't recommend getting it as your main dish but more as an appetizer to share. It was very tasty though!My friend ordered an angel hair pasta dish with a bechamel parmigiana sauce. It smelled delicious and tasted even better.Lastly, we ordered the tiramisu. It was amazing, I highly recommend it.The waitress was very knowledgeable and had a great accent to go along with the theme of the restaurant. She explained the entire menu to us so we had a better understanding of what to order.I really enjoyed the quality of food here. It seriously makes a difference when restaurants use real parmigiana reggiano and fresh mozzarella in their dishes.
<review# 1741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2009,12/16/2009,19,44,6,8,7>A co-worker told me that Blue Fish is good and has a good lunch deal. Oh yeah? Let's see about that. We treked on over there for lunch today, and I tell ya, she was right. The sushi was nice and fresh! I got the Aloha Roll, which is actually a set of three rolls - salmon and avocado, shrimp and avocado and tuna. Each dish comes with miso soup and a green salad. If you're like me, you're thinking - Green Salad - whatever - stupid lame-old green salad. OH NO!!! Their green salad is tossed in a fresh ginger vinaigrette that is scrumptious, and their miso soup hits the spot too! and you get all this for $9! It doesn't get much better!
<review# 1742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2009,12/15/2009,81,217,12,13,13>Can a bar have multiple personalities?  If so, can it be successful?  We will see with Eight.  New to Washington Avenue, Eight bar is housed in an old Machine shop. I drilled a couple of cocktail waitresses for the details and was given the same spiel - "It's a laid back/chill bar and patio during the week, but Thursday, Friday, and Saturday the inner bar becomes a packed dance club!  Annnnnd...our rooftop bar will be open soon!"   Yea "Barbies"  you paid attention during training.  We sat inside for the first part of the night.  The restoration is pretty snazzy and interesting, much more high end than most of Washington bars.  But,  they did a pretty good job keeping the historical charm of the building intact.  I was especially impressed with the "tin" ceiling and the bathroom. There is a bar with about 10 bar seats and then several tall cocktail tables for 4 around the edges of the room.  The "Club" is sectioned off by glass and walls, which I think will be useful on the weekends.  Containment is key in these situations.  I like to look at gel-hairs with dragon t-shirts through glass.  They are like the snakes at the zoo - interesting when a barrier is in place.They have a pretty good specialty cocktail menu.   I tried the Acai Mango Martini and my friend had a gin drink.  Both were delish!  I switched to Chardonnay and was pleased. The wines by the glass offerings are pretty darn good for a place like this.   Drink prices were average for Wash. Ave.  Later in the evening, we moved outside to the patio.  It's nice and big and has a fountain to distract you from the fact that you are sitting next to Wash. Ave.  The only problem I had were the directors chairs.  Custom made with their logo on every single chair, they get a little distracting and aren't that comfortable. My wine glass had their logo on it as well.  I started to create scenarios in my head...  And....SCENE: Young, bleach blond this summer with her Forever 21 t-shirt worn as a dress and Jessica Simpson gold high heels...she's on her cell phone with a friend, wine glass with Eight Logo in hand, sitting in and surrounded by chairs with the logo on the back..."Oh, I don't know what the name is ...it's THE NEW PLACE on Washington Avenue!!!"  She turns and asks me where she is...After I quell the thoughts of drowning her in the fountain, I tell her "Nine...you are at Nine!"  End scene.  Bimbos...I lived this scenario many times last summer at Pearl...with chick-a-dees standing right underneath the glowing sign out front.  But, there wasn't a fountain to drown them in, so I dreamed of pushing them into two lanes of traffic on Wash. Ave.Any who...it's not Eight's fault that they will quickly become "the place" on Washington Avenue.  I will be interested to see how people respond to their attempt to be a bar, patio and rooftop bar, and dance club.  Should be an interesting and entertaining mix of people, to say the least.  But, I think it's a good effort and in general I love things you can use for many purposes.
<review# 1743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2009,12/14/2009,31,44,7,8,8>So I'm seriously considering moving to the Heights. Every time I drive through there I find something cool or interesting. Today was no different. Today I found Chilosos. This place rocks! The tortillas are mmm, mmm, mmm, good, great, awesome, delicious!!!!!!!!! Nice and thick, but not too thick. I had 2 potato & egg w/ cheese breakfast tacos, let me just tell you, I was completely full with just ONE! The only thing that keeps me from giving it 5 stars is, it was so friggin HOT in there! I was sweating plus the salsa rojo was spicy, so needless to say, I was HOT ......Oh, and I asked for cheese and they forgot to put cheese =( The lady, not sure if she was the owner or what, she was very nice and said she would take it off the bill, which is what shes supposed to do anyways, but she was just so apologetic & nice about it.  I recommend. Buen provecho!
<review# 1744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2009,12/13/2009,103,89,16,10,8>My name is Andrew and I'm a chocoholic.It all started so innocently. My first job was in a chocolate shop similar to The Chocolate Bar, selling everything from truffles to fudge to exotic chocolate bars from around the world and ice cream and candy and...hold on...just...had...to catch...my breath.Whew. A little too excited there. When I first started working there, we were encouraged to "sample" the products so we knew what we were selling. The first time was free. But shortly thereafter the freebies stopped coming and we had to PAY for the chocolate and since it was the best, we couldn't stomach just any old chocolate but how were we supposed to afford this FREAKIN EXPENSIVE chocolate on our piddly little minimum wage salary ARRGHHH!! That's how they hook you.I did many things I'm not proud of to support my habit. I sold my bronze baby shoes, my VHS collection, I even sold myself. Sometimes I would talk people into buying the most expensive chocolates in the store and run out the back when they left, watching, waiting, and then pouncing when they came around the corner. Suckers never knew what hit em.I also started stealing from the store. Not very often, maybe one truffle a week would hold me over. At first. Then one truffle just wouldn't do it. I kept taking more and more until I was found passed out in the basement underneath a pile of chocolate bar wrappers covered almost head to toe in chocolatey goodness.That was rock bottom for me. From that point on I vowed to lead a chocolate free life. I had been chocolate free for 15 years. Until I found The Chocolate Bar. With all of their 4-layer, foot high cakes and delicious truffle or espresso pies, I didn't stand a chance. I broke down and ordered a dozen truffles and chocolate covered strawberries along with a bag of chocolate covered pretzels and coffee beans while eating a big ass ice cream. I even picked up some treats for the mutt. Yes they have dog treats too.I'll admit I was on a bit of a bender on Saturday night (yes, they stay open late!) and may have freaked them out a bit. In my sugar induced rampage, I lambasted them for not carrying fudge. They kindly referred me to Chocolat Du Monde and I'm sure they breathed a huge sigh of relief when I tore off in that direction. Little did I know Chocolat du Monde was not open at midnight and I'd have to wait until Sunday to satisfy my fudge fix.All hope may not be lost yet though. I take solace in the fact that their parking sucks. That's the only chance I stand against this beast. Please pray for me.
<review# 1745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2009,12/11/2009,180,224,4,15,12>Got nightmares?  I know someone who does!!!!!!!!!  My fix......Dreamcatchers.I was looking for an authentic Native American Indian who makes dreamcatchers and who is knowledgeable about what they can do.Coming from my spiritual background and being 1/2 Native American Indian, I believe in the spiritual practices.A loving friend of mine who is also 1/2 Native American Indian, we are from the same tribe, has been suffering from nightmares after a recent loss of a parent, my suggestion.....a dreamcatcher.I called Native American Expressions and explained to the Native American Indian who makes the dreamcatchers my problem.  She suggested a curative fix, a special dreamcatcher called The 3 Prayers, there is a prayer for the Community, Self and Family, 3 feathers symbolize these three prayers.Perfect, sounds great, when will it be ready?  The custom dreamcatcher takes 1 day and a 9" dreamcatcher ran me about $50 plus $9 shipping and handling to my friend's address.How does one care for a dreamcatcher?The answer was provided for me, once a month, put the dreamcatcher in the sun for 30 minutes and allow the sun to cleanse the web of the dreamcatcher which will in turn cleanse the dreams from the web.What does a dreamcatcher do?For one, you have to believe in it.  It allows good dreams to filter through, while keeping the bad dreams in the web.I have owned a dreamcatcher for over 10 years, and never had a nightmare since it has been hanging over my bed.I strongly suggest Native American Expressions for those in search of a dreamcatcher.  They are caring, attentive, listen to your concerns and will help you with what dreamcatcher or other spiritual product is right for you or your loved one.
<review# 1746,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/4/2009,12/10/2009,89,231,11,10,11>This place serves a very good dumplingBut coming here made me a grumpling.   The parking is scanty   And inside this shantyCramped space brings on grindling and bumpling.I arrived at noon to have lunch with a group of Yelper friends. Dumpling King (DK) is located in a strip mall near the intersection of Westheimer and Voss and the parking appears to be insufficient at peak hours. Cars were everywhere in the skinny lot, blocking traffic flow whilst waiting for someone to leave. I didn't want any part of it and drove to another strip mall a ways down and parked in front of some empty retail space. Inside DK, you realized you were about to experience something unique to hole-in-the wall Chinese restaurants. We had a large party of around 10 (once everyone had arrived) and all the tables in the place were already taken except for the large one by the window that we crammed ourselves around. I had to bump and grind my way to my seat and then became very friendly with the Yelpers on either side of me.Once in place, things got a lot better. Everyone ordered their signature dumplings - chicken, beef, pork and vegetable. Some were pan fried and some were steamed. The waitress was funny and accommodating and took separate checks from our party. When our dumplings arrived, we freely shared with each other so it became a bit of a "mystery dumpling" experience: One wasn't sure what was going into their mouth next. No matter - it was all good. I personally thought the fried pork dumplings were the best of the lot. There make-your-own-sauce ingredients of ginger, pepper, soy sauce and vinegar were a must to make the dumplings really talk to your taste buds.Overall, I'd rate DK as more of a Princeling, not a Kingling, in the dumpling department, but I did get to scarf up all the dumplings that the rest of the party couldn't finish and the total cost for the 10 assorted fried dumplings I ordered was seven dollars and change. Goodling enough!
<review# 1747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2009,12/9/2009,122,80,15,10,12>Dirt Bar intrigues me........ dark, grungy, bit of attitude, and on good nights filled to the brim with HOTNESS.  I am definitely not the hipster/rocker type, yet I am drawn to this place, especially late night.  Cyrus first brought me here on Halloween and because of that has been added to my will and testamentary trust. Thank you!  And by the way, to the girl that was there on Halloween dressed as the "Meat Inspector".........I think I love you.
<review# 1748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2009,12/8/2009,178,1288,9,12,12>Another reminder: move inside the loop!! My first time to Cedar Creek and I'm a big fan!Beam me up Scottie!  I feel like I've been transported to Austin, Star Trek style! Maybe instead of moving ITL (inside the loop for you noobs), I should move to Austin??  Well, before I make a big move like that, I can get that relaxed, welcoming feel at Cedar Creek!What place in Houston has more outdoor seating than indoor?  Cedar Creek!  Where can you sit outside and watch 20+ people jog and bike by for hours? Cedar Creek!  Where can you get awesome Tres Leches?  Cedar Creek!  They've really got an eclectic list of things going for them.  Why do I love this place? Two separate decks with tons of seating.  Large TVs everywhere so you can watch the game (if that's your thing), but they aren't loud and obnoxious to overpower your conversation.  A large inside area with a really homey, artsy quality.  Awesome service from friendly waitstaff. What makes a place great?  Going above and beyond.  I was sitting outside on the deck and I was freezing (yeah yeah, I'm a native Houstonian and it was below 80 degrees, so I was literally shivering).  My husband asked the bar staff if they had hot chocolate (I don't drink coffee) and they said no.  BUT... Wait. For. It. (as Barney Stinson would say)... They made it for me anyway!  How awesome is that? I think it's wonderful when a place will go out of their way to make something they don't typically make, especially when it's not expensive.  I can understand a bar making something special (those mixed drinks can be super pricey), but a hot cocoa?  Love it!  Psst... it was tasty too!We ordered dinner while visiting with friends during Happy Hour on a Wednesday evening.  The friend shrimp were average, the fries were good.  The chicken strips were dry, nasty and fast food quality.  So, it's not really a place to eat. Well, if you've seen my ever growing list of Tres Leches locations, you know that if it's on the menu, I've got to try it.  So, we ordered the Tres Leches.  As with everything, the service was quick and we dove in.  The portion size wasn't huge, but the cake was well above average in quality.  It was the right consistency, sweetness, and all around just good.  It was served with fresh berries.  I would absolutely get that again.So 5 stars for the atmosphere, service, drinks, and Tres Leches.A weak 3 stars for the food.  I can honestly say that the main draw of this place isn't the food.So a STRONG 4 stars for Cedar Creek!  My new favorite Happy Hour location!
<review# 1749,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/15/2009,12/7/2009,47,192,22,19,10>Pee-Ewwwww! What stinks? Hong Kong Food Market has got to be the smelliest place I willingly frequent. I grew up in Singapore, a teeny tiny island off the southern tip of Malaysia, and Hong Kong Food Market feels like home (a smelly home, I guess) to me. I was so homesick upon moving to Houston at age 16 that I would seriously drive to HKFM several times a month (in a car with no air conditioning...that's devotion). That's probably why I'm so forgiving when it comes to this colossal store.  The produce section is like a dream. You can find all the traditional American produce, along with all sorts of Asian delights. Ever heard of Fuzzy Squash? Me neither, until today....and yes, it was fuzzy. And this section alone is the same size as the entire Montrose Fiesta Mart. Enticed? I thought so. It's the amazing selection that doesn't cause me to take away 5 stars for all the flies circling the produce (Is 3 fair? I want you to go, but I want you to know what's up too). And the jackfruit and durian are just stinky (reminds me of the markets in Singapore though...). I LOVE the frozen sections of the store. There's an entire aisle dedicated just to fake meat, none of which I buy (tubes and tubes of fake ham don't appeal to me, but it's cool that they sell it). I'm more into the frozen mochi, a Japanese dessert bun made of sticky rice and various fillings (usually red bean paste or ice cream) and the Chinese veggie buns. I also buy tons of Indian paratha, an Indian/Malay/Indonesian pancake you fry and eat with curry...or alone...mmmmmm. There's more! Tons of Seafood--frozen, live, dried, fresh, anyway you want it. I've even seen them in chip form. Just another reason the store is smelly. And eggs, all sorts, like quail and duck, and they're dried and frozen and fresh...you get it. VARIETY!!!!MSG! It's in every single instant-noodle offered in the huge instant noodle aisle, which are also made with "Japanese Technology" according to the bags. I'm not sure why MSG is bad for you, in fact at Fiesta I've seen huge tubs of MSG in the condiment aisle, but I get a shiver up my spine when I see/hear the term so just stay away from it and I distinctly remember tons of news specials about MSG in the 90's. Oh the 90's. For being called Hong Kong Food Market, I get a more Vietnamese vibe from this place, but you'll love it all the same. Maybe you should go with a stuffy nose though. And be mindful of the flies hanging out around your future dinner.
<review# 1750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2009,12/6/2009,343,368,7,14,8>Go GREEN monster!  No... not the jealous beast or the gigantic wall at Fenway Park, but the green recycling brute.  I have been living around this area for awhile now and it peeves me that there is not any recycling options.  Townhouses and apartment complexes in the Rice Military & Heights kingdom build up mountains of trash.Fear not!  There are now are many metal, jumbo behemoths to gobble up your unwanted plastics, cans, glass, cardboards, and paper.  This recycling drop off facility is filled with dumpsters for your recyclable goods.  Each oversized trash can is marked with a specific material that may be deposited.  You drive up, drop your stuff off, and drive off.  Easy peasy lemony squeezy.  The recycling center is located on the Northwest corner of Center street and Harvard street.  I could not find the exact address.  I found this gem randomly as I was driving around exploring the neighborhood.  It is open from 7am-6pm or pretty much when there is daylight.  It is in a developing neighborhood, so the city of Houston minded our safety when creating this Earth-saving patch of land.
<review# 1751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2009,12/5/2009,269,274,12,15,15>Are you looking for a triple decker sandwich the size of your head, or maybe Matzoh ball soup with Matzoh balls the size of your fist, or wait maybe your looking for a mountain of corned beef hash with peppers and onions with a perfectly fried egg sitting on top waiting for you to burst the yoke, then come to Kenny & Ziggy's I am a big fan of Kenny & Ziggy's for breakfast, for me Hash It Over! is as good as it gets. The wife always orders the Lox and Bagel and Homemade Cheese Blintzes with Blueberry Preserves. These things are delicious. For all you French toast lovers, there is French toast and then there is Challah French Toast and K&Z's has the best in town, it's all in the bread. The Sandwich Stars is where all the fun sandwiches are, triple decker with the deli meat combo only a sandwich lover can appreciate. Everything from tongue and corned Beef to Roasted Turkey and Pastrami. You can just do a simple sandwich, Pastrami, Roast Beef, Roasted Brisket, the options are limitless. The Turkey Pastrami is probably the best in town. When you walk in to this Delicatessen, it transports you to another place, Toto we're not in Kansas anymore. Wood paneling everywhere, Broadway Posters everywhere, off Broadway, off off Broadway Posters. I think you follow me. The desserts look phenomenal, unfortunately I have never made it to one. The eclairs are the size of Shaquille Oneal's Shoes.
<review# 1752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2009,12/4/2009,273,77,21,11,10>The hipsters have left the building...It's weird noticing a bar's clientèle change over time and Boondocks (as well as Jet Lounge and Poison Girl) was hipster central at one point until they all ran away to Mango's.  But it really dawned upon me when my friend Jennifer walked up to me with a look of horror on her face saying: "This guy drove all the way from Tomball to be here and says he only drinks Miller Lite, Eva he didn't know what a PBR is?!"  I would definitely not drive an hour + to come to this bar, don't they have their own dive bars out there?  Again Boondocks can be a win or lose regarding the crowd and music, but I do tend to work up a sweat on the dance floor upstairs whenever a decent DJ happens to be spinning.  They had a 90s/Euro music night once and it was amazzziiiiing, Ace of Base, yesssssssss...Today Boondocks is a hodge-podge, I ran into my high school's baseball star here, whyyyyyy?  I mean the bleach blonde whores from midtown and the village even show up here nowadays, pretending to be alternative but reeking of well...averageness and complete utter boredom.
<review# 1753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2009,12/3/2009,115,362,11,10,11>Take a drinkAnd you'll sinkTo a state of pure inebriation...When I first walked through the giant oak barrel entrance at Taps, I felt like Peter Griffin at the Pawtucket Patriot Brewery, my eyes agog at a veritable playground for the peloothered: shuffleboard, Pac-Man, foosball inside; bocce ball, cornhole, ladder golf outside. And with 93 beers on draft (available in 16 or 23 oz. glasses) and more in bottles, friendly staff, a huge space with plenty of tables and a couple of cushy wingback chairs in the corners, and numerous plasma screens lining the perimeter, I was duly impressed and look forward to returning regularly as the football season gets underway.There was a dream that was Washington, but as many establishments drift towards "douche" on the bar spectrum, Taps restores hope. I give it:7 Moons out of 10(for "moons" see: yelp.com/biz/hans-bier-h)
<review# 1754,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/16/2009,12/2/2009,106,104,5,13,8>I like me some good pho. Seriously. But my friends, well, sometimes they go off on me for the "crazy Asian food" that I eat. I personally see nothing crazy about it, but I guess if you didn't grow up going with your dad to the garment district in L.A., you might get some culture shock. (That area, if anyone ever goes, has some of the best noodles I've ever had. It's worth a detour from the tourist traps.) Anywho, Jenni's is like pho lite. It's a good way of breaking in Pho Newbies who are terrified of eating soup with more-or-less raw slices of beef in it. (Newsflash: This just in. Give it a few minutes and that thinly sliced beef gets cooked by the hot water.) It's not mind blowingly great pho, but it's adequate. Add a little Sriracha and it's a wonderful cure for stuffy sinuses, a cold, or just feeling a little down. (If you don't know what Sriracha is, look for the clear plastic bottle with a green squeezy top on the table. Yes, it's a hot sauce. A little goes a long way, so if you're not a fan of hot food but you still want a little kick, try it out.) Now, the real reason to go is the bottomless limeade. I could bathe in that stuff. It's delicious. It's sweet, but not too sweet. And it really hits the spot on a hot day. Service is wonderful. I've never had a bad experience with the cashier or any of the guys that bring the food. It's a very relaxed atmosphere. So relaxed that I find it nice to go there when I've had an especially stressful day. Even the best coffee house has nothing on the happy, no frills, no worries vibe Jenni's has. Instructions for eating pho for you newbies: 1.) Order. Beef is better in my opinion, but if you like chicken, go for it. 2.) A plate of bean sprouts, cilantro, basil, limes, and jalapenos will show up. This is not an appetizer! This is stuff to add to your soup if you would like to. Pho is kind of a do-it-yourself seasoning experience. Experiment, and once you know what combo you like, you'll be a very happy person. 3.) Noodle-chopstick-spoon ettiquette: Never use a fork to eat pho! I don't care if you have to get kiddie chopsticks, just don't do it! The trick is to grasp a small amount of noodles--you want to have some fall out of your chopsticks--roll them in the spoon, dip the spoon in the broth, and slurp your way to a happy place. 4.) Stop when you've had enough. Pho tends to be pretty big, so it's pointless to try to force yourself to eat it all. It's better to ask for a to go container. The leftovers tend to taste pretty good, too.By the way, for those that don't know, pho is pronounced like a certain four letter word without the last two letters.
<review# 1755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2009,12/1/2009,137,234,7,7,9>i had to come back here because the pad thai was so good.  so i brought a friend after talking the place up, and we both ordered the pad thai.  the waitress came out a few minutes after we placed our order to tell us that they'd run out of pad thai noodles.  she was very apologetic, and asked us if we'd be ok with the flat, egg noodles used in pad-see-ew.  we were both ok with that.  the pad thai with egg noodles came out and it was amazing; delicious enough that they should really add it to the menu... they could call it pad-thai-with-egg-noodles-instead-of-regular-­noodles. i know that's a mouthful, but Thai is a difficult language.  the point of the story is; after we'd both demolished our meals, the owner came out and told us that it was on the house, and that we should come back soon. 5 stars.
<review# 1756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2009,11/30/2009,160,218,8,10,9>Theres really no reason for me to write this review since there are so many here already. Im gonna keep it simple (and real). The 4 reasons I think this place is awesome:1. $3.50 Gin and Tonic (maybe because it was a Sunday)2. Pinball Machines for when you get tired of putting awesome moves on girls you dont necessarily deserve3. Huge kool-aid man statue in the patio.4. Huge kool-aid man statue in the patio!!!!The crowd wasent pretentious or obnoxious. Seems like a place where you could walk in alone and make a friend.EDIT: It wasent a Gina and Tonic. My bad if i let anybody down.
<review# 1757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2009,11/29/2009,73,128,8,17,8>This was the first time I have ever tried Indian Food.  I am now a fan!  I had preconceived notions on what to expect.  It was NOTHING like I thought it would be.  I went with a few friends... 2 of which had already had Indian food, but there were still a few of us that had never been.  We started out with a couple appetizers and some naan.  The naan was soooo good... one was plain... and the other had something like garlic butter on it... It was to die for!  And for appetizers we got some little turnovers... one was stuffed with spicy potatoes and the other was stuffed with ground lamb.  They were delicious!  I had NO idea that I liked lamb.  Boy was that an eye opener.  They also served these dipping sauces with every thing... They were spicy but highly addictive.  Being that there were a couple of us that were Indian food virgins... we all decided to order the combination platters for our meals and just share.  That was a great idea.  We got one of each... One was a vegetarian platter and one was a meat platter.  I am still not 100% sure what was on them, but we did end up with a great variety of stuff to share.  And it was sooo good.Then came dessert... We ordered 4 different desserts because we couldn't decide on just one to share... and at this point I wanted to try everything this place had to offer.  They were all soooo yummy!!!  I don't remember what they were called... but I will go back anytime to have dessert.After eating all this wonderful food, with all those great spices... I have no idea what took me so long to try it, and I will be going back very soon!
<review# 1758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2009,11/28/2009,386,171,18,14,12>Since Vlad - my Crazed Animalian Tormenter (or C.A.T. in common parlance) - is quite the sensitive chap, I thought it might be a good idea to give Natural Pawz a go. The last time I was in here, they were selling Bush, Cheney, and John Kerry dog toys. So it has been a while, and in spite of not carrying any more amusing venues for liberals, conservatives, libertarians, and Nader Raiders to vicariously vent their political views through pets I still found some good stuff here. Natural Pawz only sells pet food and treats from all-natural, human-grade ingredients grown or raised in the United States, and some even come USDA certified organic. Definitely causes I do my best to support whenever I can, and patrons pull double duty by helping a local business and the environment. They were selling some adorable doggie biscuits baked in doughnut and cookie shapes for $1.99, but since I have yet to land my dream Chow Chow I didn't tarry for long at the display case. An extremely friendly clerk showed me all of the options to help keep my demonspawn from the deepest, dankets pits of Purgatory at a healthy, regulated weight with a minimal amount of intestional discomfort. She impressively knew exactly what to say and recommend and very patiently tolerated the fact that it was 9:30 in the morning and I was chugging around in a pre-caffeine ditz state. Vlad is relegated to a pretty strict vegetarian diet since he deals with weight issues, so I unfortunately had to rule out bonito flakes and some of the specialty cat foods with meat. Granted, some of these cans run for $5.99 and contain lobster...if I could afford lobster, the last being I am going to feed it to is the follicularly-gifted ingrate who resembles a quadrupedal Ewok and tries to suffocate me in my sleep. But I'm grateful it's available all the same. Once I have a little more money and a chat with the vet, I'll see if Vlad is hardcore enough to handle meat if it's high-quality and all-natural. Thankfully, though, I still didn't walk out empty-handed. Natural Pawz carries a bag of gluten free, 100% certified organic wheat grass that grows right from the package in 7-10 days. And since it was $4.99, I didn't mind giving it a chance. If it doesn't work, eh. Not like I signed off my future firstborn for it. Wheat grass apparently helps cats digest food better and controls hairballs. Considering I'm still not exactly sure if Vlad is an animal or a vaguely sentient pile of silky black fuzz, both of these end results appeal to me. Natural Pawz seems to know their products extremely well, though, and they appear extremely picky when it comes to offering quality food and treats. So I have a feeling that if it doesn't work then it's because my C.A.T. wandered into our reality from the Bizarro dimension and not because they sold me shoddy wheat grass. I'm really pleased to see that there's one in West University, too! So once I get back down in the city where I belong I don't have to scratch around to find a reliable place for healthy, natural, and environmentally-friendly supplements for Vlad.
<review# 1759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2009,11/27/2009,156,216,11,14,11>You know that feeling you get when you fall in love and your so happy on the inside you just want to shout it out!  That is the feeling I get when I come here, every time I come here...I don't know if it's the fact that I just came off a diet with my family, or the fact that this place is heaven on earth, maybe both, but what I do know is that this place is brilliant.  I walk in and I am greeted by happy friendly people who love you no matter who you are.  I am allowed to have as many samples as I want and I can have a big slice of amazing cake with some super ice cream for $10.  I know thats a lot for dessert, but you get a lot and its not normal dessert, its screaming how much you love it from the top of a mountain kind of good.  I love tres leches and this place had a chocolate one thats going to make me want to buy a whole cake for like my wedding or something, with that I had some mint chip something ice cream that was...... I can't think of the words to describe it.  All in all, it would be my dream to own this place and have as much as I want when I want and with whoever I want.... and yes, if I got fat because of the stuff, I DON'T care!  Its sooo goooood!! :)Go here now and I will join you, I dont care who you are because I love you no matter what...Can you tell I was just there? :)
<review# 1760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2009,11/26/2009,124,160,14,9,10>It's 2:50 pm on Thursday.  It's bleeding hot outside.  I just spent $120 at Target.  The kids are making me nuts.  What is a girl to do?  Ooo, Ooo - I know...have a cold, creamy, sugary treat.  The bummer is that although the children will be quiet and still for a few minutes while they are stuffing their face, the fact is they will be 10 times worse once the sugar high kicks in.  I think it'll be worth it though. I'm in the right lane going southbound on Main from Super Target.  I know this place is on Main Street, but I'm too cool for an iPhone,  So, it's really just a crap shoot if I'll pass it or not.  Oh crap, there it is.  Of course it's on the left.  Should I just pass it?  The kids don't even know I was going to go here.  They won't even be disappointed.  No, screw it.  Swing over to the left lane.  Oh crap, there is a car in my blind spot.  Slow down, blinker, slow further....GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Swing across 3 lanes of traffic, flip a U-turn, pull in the parking lot, park.  Out we go. Walking in Hanks I find that it is pretty much as I expect it to be.  The small counter front set up holds about 10-12 flavors of ice cream, most of which are old stand by's.  I want the cookies-n-cream.  The baby seems to be in disagreement.  He wants chocolate.  How passe'.   The older boy wants chocolate too.  But, he wants it on a sugar cone and dipped in gummy bears.  Suddenly, he remembers that the sugar cone may cause his already loose tooth to come out.  So, even though the lady has already scooped it into a cone, he yells out, "NOOO, I want it in a cup!!"  How Rude.  I insist that the cone has already been used and he'll need to eat it as is.  However, the counter lady says that she'll put it in a cup for him.  "Make sure to say Thank You," I demand.  The baby settles on chocolate chip ice cream, thankfully in a cup.  In walks a cute boy with, get this, a Hank's Ice Cream T-shirt on.  Weird.  He is ordering for a pregnant girl (who seems to be invisible) who has a craving for ice cream.  (I have no idea what that's like.)  What?  He's ordering cookies-n-cream? "Hey, that's what I wanted," I say to him.  "Sadly, the kids disagreed." I pay the bill.  My, my...less than $5 for ice cream for 2 kids.  It's usually like $8 at Ben and Jerry's.  I sit down with the little monsters when the cute boy hands me a cup of cookies-n-cream.  "Don't worry," he says pointing at the counter lady, "It's from her."  "Gosh, Y'all are so nice, I'll be yelping this later."     After cute boy leaves (he's a teacher at the middle school my son is going to in a few years...hope he's the teacher.)  (Quietly singing Van Halen's 'hot for teacher' in my head.) I ask, "Is your ice cream made on site here?" "Actually, it's made about 6 doors down now-a-days," says my new best friend, the counter lady.  I ask, "Is the ice cream made with all whole ingredients, you know, like whole eggs and whole milk?"  AND NOW WITH THE ONLY DISAPPOINTMENT. She says, "we have a formula".  I assume that's a no on the whole ingredients part.Bummer.Still Delicious.  Still Fresh.  Still Local.  Still Courteous.  Still Wonderful.  Unless I can find a diet I can stick too, I'll be back.  Way too much.
<review# 1761,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/28/2009,11/25/2009,119,124,12,14,15>I discovered Yelp back in late 2007. I had never heard of Yelp. I started using Yelp because I had just moved from Southwest Houston to North Houston and I had no clue what was out here other than the Woodlands mall and the new location of the company I work for. Ella and FM 1960? I had only heard of these places on the news usually because somebody was robbed, shot, or died from a gunshot wound because they were robbed. And now I lived out here. Where's a good sushi place? Where's a coffee shop (other than Starbuck's)? Where's Target? Where's Michael's? Where can I get banh mi? Boba tea? Where? Was Yelp helpful for this side of town? NOPE! Because all of the few Yelpers that existed in Houston only reviewed places either inside the loop or about a mile or 2 outside the loop. Damnit!!! Useless.  A few more months passed and I was getting a bit tiffed because there were still no reviews for the North side of town. So I finally wrote a review. And now today... I'm meeting other Yelpers for lunch bunches, Sunday brunches, and UYE's. I have yet been to an official Yelp event. Oh well. :( Someday. But at least I get to see them at other events. I met Gretchen, Shazia, Linh, and Eva L. for brunch here at Benjy's. I have yet to write a review of the places I've been for UYE's simply because it was the first time I had ever been to it. Or is it because others have already reviewed it and I need time to think about what I can possibly say that someone else hasn't already said? So my first impression of Benjy's? Wow... it's crowded. It was Sunday and also Father's Day. Good thing Gretchen and I decided to go early. The hostess looked like she was about to burst when we told her that we needed a table for 5. But since we were about an hour early, we were just going to sit at the bar and drink a cappuccino while we waited for our food or waited for a table for 5. Whichever came first. Surprisingly, after ordering the cappuccino, our table was ready. We were seated in the Lounge area upstairs. Nice. I liked that area the best. It wasn't as noisy. I ordered French toast. Tasty. It was crunchy because it had nuts. Interesting. I never had French toast with nuts. Pine nuts? Any who it worked. It came out pretty fast too. Cappuccino and French toast came out to $20. Ouch. But they included gratuity in the total, which in my opinion is the dumbest thing a restaurant can do because those who are in or who have been in the restaurant industry will tip more than your average Joe. Sometimes even at 20% or 25%. Knocked off a star for that alone. Service was good...enough. The waitresses were nice but very pretentious and they made me nervous. That's not a good thing either. I do understand that when restaurants are busy, they want people in and out. However, the larger the party, the longer they stay, the more they buy... hence, the more money they make so you need to pick on the smaller tables. Not the larger ones. I'll definitely come back here to try other things on the menu. I'll even come back with people from out of town who have never been here before. I think that's a bigger compliment to Benjy's than a 1-5 star rating system.
<review# 1762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2009,11/24/2009,113,62,10,8,8>Tired of the club scene? Looking for a low key place to kick back and have few drinks?  Maybe even bring your dog?  If you're not into looks, take a load off at Big Star Bar.  As dive bars go, this place is an unlikely gem.  Don't let the sketchy exterior fool you, it's just as sketchy looking inside as well.  I kid, almost.  After all, this IS a dive bar - sketchiness is part of the charm.  What makes this a great dive bar?  Let's see:  pool table, check.  Juke box, check.  Really tiny bathrooms, mish-mesh of furniture and an outdoors area complete with picnic tables and gravel, check, check aaaaaand check.  Unassuming and unpretentious, this place appeals to all sorts:  the sportos, the motorheads, geeks, preppies, hotties, notties, hippies, wannabees, waistoids, dweebies, douches - they all passed through at one point in the night.  The barkeeps are great.  I expected that our group would be denied access since a certain fellow was shirtless and three sheets to the wind but I was wrong.  I guess they see all sorts pass through the place.  The bartender was supercool, even tolerated a hug from the shirtless fiend and managed to clothe the fella with a Big Star Bar T-shirt (what a hero!).  Drink service was swift, tasty, the barkeeps were very friendly, the crowd was entertaining and a great time was had by all.  Thanks!!!
<review# 1763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2009,11/22/2009,393,766,12,10,11>I love a good burger.  I love when the grease oozes out of the sides and it is so flavorful that you get excited to dip your fries into the liquidy goodness.  Gross?  Nah.  I'm just a burger fiend.Lucky Burger hit the spot for me.  It was a tad bit pricey in my opinion for what you got, but I enjoyed every single bite.  I got the mushroom Swiss burger, fries, and a coke and pretty much inhaled it.  Sure, I can't tell you if there was anything special about it, but what I can tell you is that it came out promptly, well cooked, and it was served with a side of surly Asian attitude.  (Makes me miss home!)  (Kidding, mom!)  One of the other reviewers called it "garage sale chic" and that reallky hits the spot.  I mean there were posters on the walls that made me think of every cheesy stereotype in awkward decor.  The place isn't filthy awful, but it does have that dingy feel.  Granted, if you're willing to go eat in a big, blue barrel who are you to judge?While it wasn't a life changing burger, I have a feeling I'll be back often since it is so close to home and to a bar that doesn't sell food.  Oh, baby!
<review# 1764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2009,11/21/2009,274,156,7,15,16>Looking for a COOL, TRENDY and GUILT FREE "Dollar" store? FIT, a store whose byline is "fit in your life. fit in your style", is a new Japanese discount store in Houston. Opened just two months ago on the almost hidden second floor of a Bellaire Chinatown shopping complex (across from Shabu House & Tofu Village), FIT is where you'll find what the highly consumer oriented, trendy Japanese shopper is looking in what we call our "Dollar" store. Pricing actually starts at mostly $2, but more on that latter. I was immediately greeted by "Irashamisen" (welcome) by the staff as I walked through the door. What my parents described as a Japanese "Dollar" store really reminded more of a boutique like The Container Store then the cluttered, unorganized warehouse I was expecting to find. The aisles were neatly organized and everything was tastefully displayed. Much of what you'll find is in its original Japanese packaging (there's actually a lot of English) so if you have any questions, just ask the helpful, uniformed staff. So what does the Japanese consumer shop for in a place like FIT?: Containers, stationary, pens & pencils, totes, Japanese snacks, health goods, personal grooming supplies, cute Japanese wall art, plenty of kid stuff, pet stuff, incense & temple supplies, kitchen utensils, sake & tea sets, Hello Kitty/Disney, fans, kites, art supplies (like calligraphy brushes) and did I mention containers? Just about everything you'd expect to find at our American Dollar Store, I found at FIT... packaged neatly just like the Japanese like it. So back to the pricing... Keeping in mind that you can find $5 individually wrapped apples in the Land of the Rising Consumerism, everything starts mostly at $2 and goes to $5 (for stuff like a nice Santoku Chef Knife).   There's a colored dot coding system that you shouldn't have any trouble figuring out.  Between my kids and I, we got a flashlight pen, massager, nail clippers, a necklace, a cool pencil sharpner and a timer for about $14.  You get what you pay for and I found the items I purchased well worth the price.  There were some things that I wasn't going to pay $2 for my kids wanted (like some notebooks- so be picky).  Most of the items are made in China (just like here).Next time you're in Bellaire Chinatown, check out the store.  This place is really cool and the things you find here you're not going to feel guilty about buying because of the low cost and decent quality.  It's also going to give you a unique look at what you'll find on the shelves of Japanese stores.
<review# 1765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2009,11/19/2009,118,142,7,6,6>I've always been a fan of Ruggle Cafe Bakery but never got around to yelping about it... but after this weekend's great meal, I made a mental note to do so! So first of all, I have officially declared the White Meat Chicken Salad on a Croissant my all time favorite chicken salad sandwich of all time.... sorry Crescent City Beignets. Again, I'm a sucker for fresh food that is made to order and Ruggles delivers time and time again. One thing I found interesting was that when I ordered dessert, the cashier gave me a vibrating thingamajig. And about five minutes later they called out my order over the PA and never buzzed me.... they called me out like a fat kid. Haha! I think it's a marketing ploy to let everyone know the dessert being served and to get them jealous that you're about to devour a delicious culinary treat! Kudos to Ruggles Cafe Bakery, well played! Two things to note... parking sucks ass, be warned. And second, if you're on twitter, follow RuggleCafeBake for daily specials and discounts for twitter users only. :)
<review# 1766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2009,11/18/2009,49,81,15,15,12>Me: I am still so mortified that I hugged that waitress.Hubby: Stop worrying about it.  Tomorrow we can go back so you can hump her.You are probably asking yourself "What the hell is she talking about?" or maybe "Why would she molest a strange waitress like that?"  I was excited, that's why.  I was meeting with a group of people I hadn't seen in over a decade and I was so stoked that once the hugs started going around, I grabbed anyone in the vicinity and squeezed.  Also, I was not wearing my glasses, so I thought maybe I knew her and just didn't recognize her or something.  Let that be a lesson to you all on vanity's pitfalls.Despite my inappropriateness, the wait staff was wonderful.  All of our needs were met, but they weren't obtrusive about it.  You know how it always seems like the waiter comes to check on you when your mouth is full?  Or they interrupt your conversation somehow or catch you when you're discussing something private and/or strange?  That didn't happen here at all, and I am in awe of their professionalism.Now for the food....I'm not sure I have the words for it.  I get lost in reverie thinking about it, it was so good.  We ordered Lucio's Crab Cakes and Beef Carpaccio to start.  I never met a crab cake I didn't like, but this one by far was the best I have ever had. There was no greasiness or heaviness to it at all.  The carpaccio was also good but it's not one of my favorite things to eat in general.  For dinner, I ordered the salmon.  It was a beautiful pink, seasoned just right, and I ate all of it with no compunction.  The small bed of asparagus and carrots underneath the salmon was also seasoned exactly right and I wish with all my heart that I could cook asparagus like that!  Two generously sized shrimp punctuated the dish and they were just gorgeous.  One of my friends ordered the sea scallops and she left one on her plate for the longest time; the thought to somehow swipe it actually crossed my mind because it looked so scrumptious but lucky for her, my shame over hugging the waitress kept my behavior in check (yes, even with the wonderful wine we were drinking).  Everyone at the table enjoyed the food and the service and I think we'll all be back.Lucio's has caused me to rethink what it means to give 5 stars to a restaurant.  I am fairly easy to please and give out plenty of 4 and 5 star reviews, but if there is a mistake, I'll deduct a star or two.  No need to do that here.  I'd give 10 stars if could; you just have to taste the food to understand.
<review# 1767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2009,11/17/2009,419,749,12,17,18>I'm in love, and it's with a hard metal object.  Or maybe a place named after a hard metal object.  Whichever you prefer.Anvil Bar & Refuge has been on my radar since before Ike, when the hurricane (allegedly) delayed their opening for a good solid six months.  Every time I drove down the Westheimer Curve I'd peer over at Anvil to see if the paper covering the windows was finally down.  I've had no luck until this month, and when fellow Yelper Meredith M. set up a UYE to finally check it out, I was stoked!Housed in what was originally a Firestone Tire shop built in the 1950's, Anvil's interior recalls the same clean and sleek midcentury style.  The concrete floors and exposed ceilings unfortunately make all the conversation reverberate around in this big space, and when it got packed throughout the evening, it became loud.  Hopefully when the newness of this place wears off, it won't be as packed.Anvil's location on the Curve makes it within walking distance of several other bars, but it's a truly unique addition to the drink scene in Houston.  Even though there's a board marked with "Today's Cocktails" (really more like "Today's Highlighted Cocktails"), there's no set menu of drinks at Anvil--if the bartenders have the vaguest idea of what you're talking about, they'll whip it up for you.  I decided to start the evening early with an Old Fashioned, and it was a treat to watch my drink prepared with such care and artistry.  With over a dozen kinds of bitters and even more varieties of liquor, I knew my Old Fashioned was going to be awesome.  And it really was.  Perfectly mixed and garnished with a fresh orange slice and a spiced cherry, I was one happy camper.On a whiskey kick, I ordered a mint julep next, which inspired the bartender to declare that we were going to be "good friends" due to my choices.  The staff here is all very professional and friendly, going out of the way to learn my name and thanking me for my patience when I closed out at the end of the night, which took about 10 minutes of waiting.  The fixation on personal service gives Anvil a really genteel touch--such a contrast to the "wham bam thank you ma'am" pours at other Montrose area bars.Contrary to the joke I was making all over the place at the time, you will not get "hammered" at Anvil.  The price precludes that possibility for me, since I'm not making a six figure salary (yet).  The price for my Old Fashioned and mint julep was $17 without tip.  But with all the places up and down lower Westheimer to get my drink on, Anvil isn't about the buzz, but the precision, experience and artistry of the bartenders; the focus is squarely on the drinks.  When I was waiting to close out my tab and a VERY intoxicated woman standing next to me was loudly ordering a drink, she struck me as being extremely out of place.  In a BAR!  This place is for the classy dames only, sister.The only thing that would make Anvil better would be some Ella or Billie or Django Reinhardt playing over the sound system instead of the same old generic hipster indie music.  Anvil is the real deal, and I'll be back just as soon as my wallet recovers!
<review# 1768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2009,11/16/2009,53,60,4,9,7>I love this place. Tasty crepes, good sandwiches, delicious beverage options. The atmosphere is the real reason this place is a winner however. This place has a Euro-cafe feel to it and although Houston (and even this part of mid-town) don't allow so much people watching as vehicle-watching, this place is nice to chill at and enjoy some chai or coffee with a sweet crepe while feeling like you're at a Euro destination. I love the music they play here as well. It's a crazy fusion of Arabic, Mediterranean, Indian, Latin, classical, beaty, and various other tunes held at a nice volume outdoors... but perhaps slightly too loud for the indoor portion of the cafe. I've been here a few times to work while chilling at the outdoor tables, and a few times both inside and outside for lunch with people and don't really have any major complaints. If I lived in or near one of the mid-town apartments/condos that this place is surrounded by, you would find me here more often. Place has free wi-fi too!
<review# 1769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2009,11/15/2009,36,46,9,5,5>I feel like every time Nicole and I go out on dates, they inevitably become Yelp reviews days later. In other words folks can keep up with my relationship just by reading my reviews. That's special. I actually had the last 2 days off so on Wednesday I decided to take Nicole on our second date to the zoo. She hadn't been there in years and the last time I made it out there, it had been a date gone horribly wrong. I believe it deserved another chance. I pick her up after class and drive out to the Med Center. The Zoo parking lot is a disaster but they're renovating it, so I'll look the other way. Pros: The price for admission is great compared to what you get in return. Places like Six Flags or Splashtown overprice admission in respect to what they have to offer. For me to see the deadliest snakes in the world and all I have to pay is ten bucks? That's awesome! -Reptile Exhibit: Loved by me, Nicole was terrified. Darling, its not like this was a scene from Harry Potter where the glass just disappears, letting the snake free. Trust me, your safe. -Lions: Lazy bastards. They just sunbathed, but their exhibit was HUGE! -Sea Lions: Easily stole the show. They are amazing and graceful swimmers. Not bad for being 600lbs. -Cougar: Beautiful. She was just sitting at the bar drinking her Appletini staring us waiters down. You can tell she never liked captivity, and she really appreciates being out in the wild now. Hunting down prey, on the prowl. Oh sorry...wrong animal. In all seriousness, the cougar look like it wanted out. I've always wanted a pet puma! -Shade: Its everywhere! Nuff Said Cons: Nicole and I just watched Madagascar 2 the day before, and I really really wanted to see some Penguins because of that movie. Unfortunately the Zoo had none. Total bummer! Looks like me and Theo (The Ole Lady) will be going to Sea World soon! -Rhinos: Where the hell were they? I read an article that stated the Rhino died in 2007. 1.5 years later and we still don't have one? That's one of the big 5 for zoos! -Construction: I know that its for improving the place and there is nothing wrong with that, but it was VERY loud and annoying. How can Willie the Spectacled Bear sleep with that consistently annoying drilling sound? -Hippos: I know they are dangerous and massive, but i would like to see those guys. I guess its just an excuse for me to get to San Diego and see them. All in all I love this place. The info cards on every exhibit were great for me because I read very fast and Nicole hardly payed attention to them. This meant that I could sound like an animal expert and impress her with my immense amount of knowledge. (HA). The Zoo was very clean which is ironic because its ran by animals basically. Oh and they serve beer in the Cafe. Perfect.
<review# 1770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2009,11/14/2009,44,128,9,9,8>I have never researched my options as carefully as I did for my first bikini wax. After hearing a horror story from a friend in D.C. who got a Brazilian at an unsanitary salon and contracted "strep vagina" (I didn't ask for details, and I don't think you should either), I wasn't taking any chances. I settled on Just Wax It, due to its proximity to my apartment, the two other positive Yelp reviews, and their use of blue hard wax, which a friend told me was a necessity. I had a great experience with Rachel -- she kept my anxiety in check, explained the differences between the styles and offered tips for post-wax care. The entire process was non-traumatic, sanitary, and I was in and out within 20 minutes. I'd also suggest purchasing their Vanish product, which does a great job of preventing ingrown hairs and bumps in the days following. Depending on the style, a bikini wax will run you $55 - $70.
<review# 1771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2009,11/13/2009,251,713,15,15,15>Okay.  I have a confession to make, fellow Yelpers and readers.  Please, I only never ate at Brasil's because it was my coffee place for many years.  My coffee and white chocolate cheesecake place.  I'm no cheesecake fan whatsoever, so when I mention I ate theirs often in high school, do NOT take that statement lightly.  Amazing.  Sigh.  (Imagine I'm in some sort of AA meeting for coffee shop snobs.)  Hello, I'm Gretchen P, and I eat food at Brasil.  So far, I've tried their beet and goat cheese sandwich, the mozerella with tomato, spinach, basil, and pesto sandwich (get the proscuitto), and the Spinach and Feta pizza.The portions are huge.  i've always gotten the second half of my sandwich and whatever type of chips they throw on my plate in a to go box.  The pizza I shared with a friend.  If you consider the second meal, the $7-$12 price tags don't seem terrible.I will be back.  I have to try the non vegetarian fare...and the eggplant sandwich...and...and...and...   Okay, fine.  I've found my new favorite sandwich shop in Houston.
<review# 1772,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/15/2009,11/12/2009,25,138,12,16,10>I must admit, I liked the store quite a bit more before I actually went in.  I live nearby and love the fanged bunny rabbit sculpture on the roof.  I don't like gold for some odd reason and almost exclusively own silver.  Every time I passed by I thought, "gee willikers, I need to go there someday."  There were lots of interesting jewelry options, but I didn't see anything I HAD to have.  (For example: anything with a fanged bunny on it... hello, no-brainer!)  The most surprising and ultimately disappointing feature was the high pricing strategy.  When visiting an establishment with "eclectic" world jewelry I am accustomed to an equally "eclectic" range of prices.  I couldn't find a pair of earrings marked less than $32 and the bulk were much more.  I'm not suggesting they were over-priced, probably just that the selection was skewed towards nicer pieces on the pricey end of the spectrum.  I am a cynic by nature, maybe that's why I'm a scientist, and the pseudo-anthropological musings were a bit much to swallow.  When the girl working informed me chirpily that the earrings I had chosen were made by the indigenous hill peoples of northern Thailand, I almost asked for some documentation.
<review# 1773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2008,11/11/2009,94,117,6,7,5>What Would PacMan Do?  Sweet pink Jesus, he'd hit up Joystix, that's what!  Behold your childhood has been transformed by cocktails and the sheer joy of infinite 1-Ups await in a land where you are not scrambling for tokens or quarters and you can pilot an X-wing, find yourself with the fabled "Elf needs more food.... BADLY" warning, or shoot invaders from space all under one roof.And that roof is over Joystix.  Owned by fellow FIGHTIN' TEXAS AGGIES, this one-stop amusement shop boasts a full service bar, some pool tables, and an arcade collection that is at once wet dream as it is a testament to the glory days of easy-to-play video games, from an era before Nunchuks and controllers and the complex stupidity of A-B-A-B-1-2-L-R-X-Z-Y-C-Down.  This is pure simple fun of the up, down, left, FIRE variety. Leave it to Charles and company to come up with a bar whose very nature brings together two of life's favorite pasttimes - video games from your youth plus cocktails from your adult life and rolls them into one.  Don't be a whiny baby about service - you came to play, the drinks are an added bonus.  This is one of the top, best, most awesome bars in Houston.  Away from the see-and-be-seen-on-the-scene nonsense of some of Midtown's garbage (such as Christian's Horrific Tailgate Krapfest and Karaoke), this little gem is nestled quietly and assumingly one block north of Minute Maid and boasts good times and good people, with all the pretense left squarely outside.This place is a musuem you can play in.  I love Van Gogh, but Van Gogh is not the same as a deadly game of Robotron - and, for the record, only those who can't play Robotron with any degree of skill or accuracy fall victim to finding it boring.  It's far from boring - go help the human families before they become mutant robot thingies!  Unwind and let loose your inner child.You WILL go home again, you will fall in love, and you will enjoy it.  $15 play all night on the first and last Fridays of the month (though call before during business hours to ensure that no private parties have been booked) and unwind, and do what you wish you could have done in your youth - imbibe!  This will make it easier to deal with the passing of Ms. Pac Man at the hands of that bastard ghost Blinky.
<review# 1774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2009,11/10/2009,134,149,,10,9>Crowded little French bistro in Rice Village.  Serves good food in a congenial atmosphere.  Limited selection of wines by the glass, but some interesting offerings.  We both had the mushroom soup which was purported to not  be cream based but "with a bit of cream in it".  Turned out to be pureed mushrooms with a good dose of cream.  OK but not great.  I had the pork with blackberry sauce and my wife had the beef tenderloin.  Both were quite good but a little heavy on the salt.  Portions were generous to the point that we both took half our servings home.  If it was just the food, I might go as low as three stars, but it is a fun place and the cuisine is good enough that they deserve four.
<review# 1775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2009,11/9/2009,40,93,7,12,10>When we pulled open the black door to the bright purple building with no sign, I automatically felt like I shouldn't be there. Very dark, very punk, very dirty, very perfect when I was 17. The whole vibe of the place makes me want to shoot pool while smoking inside, get wasted and start a fight. I heard it was cash only and relatively cheap so I stopped and pulled out $40. We only wanted a few drinks. Ordered a Vodka Cranberry and when he gave me my total I felt like a millionaire. $1.75. Seriously buddy? Once happy hour was over the drinks moved up to $3.25. Hannah L giggled when he gave her the total. It was a giggle of pure excitement and wonder. Even though while we were there we decided Lola's would not be a good place to come on a late Friday or Saturday, morbid curiosity has gotten the best of me, and I need to see what sort of trouble happens here.
<review# 1776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2009,11/7/2009,165,170,9,19,7>Summer is finally here. So to beat the summer heat, stop by our neighboring town Galveston for some summer fun. This place is about the third of size of its big brother Schlitterbahn New Braunfels, but still worth a visit. This place is hustlin and bustlin with kiddos, families, and couples during peak hours (12-4 pm). Some F.Y.I's before coming to the park: -Price Check Please!: Discount tickets can be found at HEB. Regular price tickets at the gate are $37.99 (adult). Ouch! -Pack lightly: The lockers are extremely small and at $7 make sure to just bring the essentials. -Come early: Families arrive early, so tubes may be hard to come by during peak hours. Some perks: -The food here is pretty good and not too expensive. They have typical summer yummies, such as pizza, hamburgers, BBQ, hot dogs and ice cream just to name a few. -The lines to the rides are not bad at all. The most we waited in line was 10 minutes, compared to almost 2 hours at the New Braunfels location. So to beat this year's Houston humidity, heat and crowds stop by your neighboring "hot" spot for a cool, refreshing dip.
<review# 1777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2009,11/6/2009,265,191,19,19,18>****Disclaimer: The 4 stars is for the service. English geeks, here we go: 1. Exposition: celebrating the end of a rather grueling work week, I decided to pamper myself on Friday by going to a spa, then heading out to Jeannine's for the moules and frites that I had been longing for. I wanted to compare them to Cafe Rabelais' , which I completely and utterly adore. 2. Rising Action: walking in to this tiny bistro, my date and I were immediately greeted by the female owner, seated immediately, and within seconds had menus and water. I was anticipating the bad service that everyone's been mentioning here, but we were surprised to have received such attentiveness, especially on a busy Friday night. Our waiter, this youthful twenty-something, helped us navigate the menu, making recommendations from wine to beer to mussels to pronunciation! Lol. He was upbeat, engaging, but knew when to keep his distance. I ended up ordering the Mussels Marinniere with a glass of wine, and my date ordered the beef stew with a glass of Belgian beer. 3. Climax: In perhaps the shortest wait for food known to man (10 minutes max), I was served a pot full of steamed mussels in a white wine/onion/celery broth. Two dozen or so mussels filled this pot and the aroma was intoxicating! I was so excited to dive in! And yet when I did, I was....underwhelmed? If there ever was such a word to describe such a feeling of disappointment, that would be it. I kept eating them one after another, and although the flavor was not terrible, it also did not excite my palate. The mussels themselves were large and juicy, but the concoction they were bathed in was just not impressive. I actually have a mussel stew recipe similar to this, and could probably make it twice better. My date's beef stew, however, was very tender, juicy, and burstin with flavor. If the food were characters in the story, mine would be that boring, deadpan B-list celeb and his would be the George Clooney. 4. Falling Action: I politely finished off my mussels, but mainly focused on the frites served with homemade mayo. This was the saving grace of my meal, as I jealously watched my date devour his meal. Looking over dessert, we decided to keep it simple with vanilla ice cream served with hot Belgian chocolate poured over. I love chocolate, and the melted Belgian chocolate was the perfect ending to an otherwise mediocre meal. 5. Resolution: Sam V. was right when he warned me that having had Cafe Rabelais' mussels would ruin me for everything else. But I'm a believer in trying everything thrice, and so I plan to come back and try again, but this time perhaps choosing the cream sauces for better comparison. My date was so impressed with his food and the service, however, that he's planning to take his NY-food-snob mother here next week. Summary: -4 stars for the STELLAR service -3 stars for the Mussels Marinniere
<review# 1778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2009,11/5/2009,256,89,14,27,23>I can't believe no one has reviewed this sky diving facility yet, but after my great experience here this past weekend, I'm happy to be the first. This was my first time sky diving. I had originally scheduled the jump to take place at Skydive Houston, and it got cancelled due to a malfunctioning airplane, major disappointment, and another review to come soon.  My friends and I decided to re-schedule our jump and came to Skydive Spaceland instead; I'm glad we did for several different reasons, among many  that Skydive Houston lacked.  We made our reservations online and paid a $ 50 deposit in order to get a $20 discount from the original price. When we arrived we walked into their registration office, gave them our name and they took care of the rest. After taking a seat and reading/signing a packet of paperwork where we basically signed our life away, then we were good to go and start basic training. The staff in charge of getting our payment, paperwork, and getting us checked in were nice and super friendly. Once we were through with part of our training which included watching a 30 minute video, then  we had to wait around a while so we headed upstairs to their small yet clean and organized Café where you can grab a drink or 'light snack', emphasis on the 'light snack' keep in mind you will be jumping from 14,000 feet and falling at 120 mph.  They also had a large flat screen TV and a couple machines with games to keep you entertained while you wait. My instructor , Steve, was a sweetheart, he answered all my questions and made sure I was relaxed and comfortable. He reviewed the entire process with me until I knew it like the back of my hand. It also helped that he was easy on the eyes ;)  The camera guy in charge of taking my pictures and video made me laugh and put me at ease from any nervous thoughts. From start to finish this was an amazing and exhilarating experience I will never forget, having such a great knowledgeable staff at this facility helped to make it an even better one. I plan on going to Skydive Spaceland for all of my future jumps and I highly recommend them to anybody who is looking to go sky diving soon.
<review# 1779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2009,11/4/2009,3163,3020,29,24,26>First I was afraid, I was petrified, Kept thinking I couldn't walk alone, With all these graves by my side, But I spent so many hours, Thinking how I'd yelp this place, I grew strong, I learned how to write on, And so I'm back, Out on Washington, I just walked in to find it here, With nice headstones all over the place, I should have stole the FTR, I should have added this to my bookmarks, If I had known for just one second, A five star I would get to see! Is it weird to rate a cemetery a 5 star? I knew this would be an interesting exploration right when I drove in and saw a familiar face on the side of the road with a camera in hand...I scream out, "Gretchen?" Sure enough it was our very own top yelper out and about taking pictures. I gracefully asked if I could join her on my tour around the cemetery. She showed me some very recognizable Houstonian families and even showed me where Howard Hughes' burial site was. The headstones in the place are ridiculous. It was like walking through a museum with statues all around. If you are aren't creeped out by the fact that it's a cemetery I suggest you come check this place out. As it is one of the best kept secrets in Houston.
<review# 1780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2009,11/3/2009,67,177,2,7,6>It's been over a year since my initial review of Antidote and put simply they still rock my socks ;)I'm a fan of consistency and Antidote has it. Though, when I say consistency I don't mean that it's always the same crowd, music, atmosphere... I just mean that it's always plane ole good :)The crowd is quite diverse in my opinion, so if you'd like to read a book, chat with friends or surf the interwebs all whilst drinking some yummy coffee, a good wine or Mexican Coca-Cola (aka with real sugar cane mmm) then this is the spot for you. I cannot think of a reason why one should feel out of place here at all. This is also a family place, feel free to take Jr. or Jr.ette  along.Also, the crowd is friendly & people are respectful! You wont be bothered but you're welcome to make a new friend (if that makes sense). People tend to respect the atmosphere that is goin on. If it seems really quite inside, I've noticed groups tend to keep their chatter down. :) However, in reverse, if it is chatty inside don't sit down and get peeved that it's loud and you wanted quite :pI am quite guilty of spending several hours working on an essay or studying and have never felt as if I was over staying my welcome. Perhaps I am but I promise I tip nicely for the use of their facilities, even if I only had two drinks in three and a half hours :pIn sum - Antidote --- one of the reasons I really enjoy Houston! go here and support a local business!
<review# 1781,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/8/2009,11/2/2009,76,67,8,8,7>I've been coming here since before the days of hard living ravaged my youthfulness.  Being new to drinking at bars, I actually liked the place a lot.  It has an unbeatable happy hour overall, darts/pool/air-hockey, and an nice big patio.It has everything that a dude like me likes in a bar.  Whats my problem you say?  Well, honestly its the clientele.  This location is right smack in the energy corridor of H-town, a place where business goes down you might say.  A bunch of middle age oil exec's and business men go to basically get drunk and cheat on there wives.  Honestly, I could care less, but the people doing it are so unsightly.  They basically get wasted, act like an asshole with a lot of money, and pick up the 2 fat desperate chicks at the bar. Every time I go, I can't help but notice, its like clockwork.  I could time my watch to it.Anyways, happy hour is cool...just don't stay too long or else you might see things you can't unsee.
<review# 1782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2009,11/1/2009,69,65,9,15,9>Woohoo!  I get to review Joe's first!!!!I love Joe's!!!  This is by far my favorite place to eat on the island.  Yeah, I know its nothing fancy and most people probably wouldn't even stop if they drove by, but TRUST me on this one, guys.  It is the shiznit.So if you've read any of my reviews, you know I loves me some catfish.  And that I complain a lot about places that don't know how to get a simple fried fish right.  NOT SO with Joe's, their catfish is the bomb.  period.  The bf and I were recently in New Orleans and he even he remarked that Joe's seasoning and ability to fry were way better than what we had there.  And New Awlins can definitely make some fish in my opinion, so that's a hell of a compliment.I always get a 2pc or 3pc catfish with fries, comes with a slice of bread and a little salad.  You an also substitute rice and gravy for the fries.  Their menu consists of shrimp, oyster, fish, or combination platters; chicken platters (strips, popcorn chick, nuggets, gizzards, livers, wings, whatever); fried rice plates (huge quantity) and other chinese foods like sweet & sour chicken and pepper steak; and other specialties like crawfish tails, gumbo or etouffe.  Everything I've had here is good, although I hate the bread they use for the poboy (not french bread!  tragedy!).  You can sit in the restaurant to eat or get it take out.  My 2 favorite things about this restaurant: the customer service, as they are all VERY friendly and always remember my order as soon as I call in with my name.  Also, they have a BlueBell ice cream counter, and this is the only ONLY place I can find Cherry Vanilla ice cream on the regular.  YES!!!I just wish they were open 24 hours....
<review# 1783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2009,10/31/2009,556,161,8,12,10>If you haven't been to a Churrascaria before then read about how it works here: nelorechurrascaria.comI'll be too busy drooling and typing to explain the rules!I have been to the rest, and Nelore is the best! Ew, I'm starting to speak in rhyme like my dad. This is hands down, the best Churrascaria I've been to yet. I've been to Fogo De Chao, Brazaviva, and Tradicao and none of them can even touch this place. And trust me, I know meat.First off, if you have been to a Churrascaria then you know what Pao De Queijo (cheese bread) is. The pao de queijo here... makes you see the gates of heaven open a little bit. My eyes just went lazy thinking about it. They are 12087089773 x better than any others I've had. Much more home made tasting, more melt in your mouth, piping hot, all without leaving a weird starchy mouth feel. They're so good I wish I had less shame so I could pop a basket in my purse.They have 15 cuts of meat (same # as Fogo), my FAVORITES being:1. Picanha a.k.a. House Special (rump cover): Oh sweet sweet meat... What is better than a perfectly cooked, medium-rare, thinly-sliced, tender piece of beef from the rump, being hugged by a toasty, slightly burnt edge of fat about an inch in diameter... NOTHING. With nothing but a touch of salt to flavor it, the picanha is my fave. It keeps the beef tasting very pure. Don't forget to request for extra fat when they cut your piece. After requesting for them to come back around with the picanha about 10 times (seriously), the same gaucho kept coming back around to joke with me as if he was reading my mind by visiting the table every 5 minutes.2. Garlic Beef: a.k.a. meat of the Gods (just kidding, or not) I never thought anything would come close to the picanha's wonderment, but the garlic beef is enough to keep you up at night... The gaucho said that it's the same part as the picanha, just cut a different way: It's a succulent cube of beef with an equal or slightly lesser amount of juicy, seared fat on top. I order 3 when they come by.3. Top Sirloin/Bottom Sirloin: I don't remember which I had, top or bottom, but I like it both ways (did you catch that?). I'm sure I had both, but I remember one being flavored very well, and I normally don't like my meats flavored with anything at all. Just try them both. You'll be happy either way.4. Bacon wrapped Filet Mignon: Did someone say meat wrapped with meat? This was really good. I normally just fry me a pound of bacon straight out of the plastic and eat it in a bowl, but this way is good too. It's very tasty and the filet mignon is juicy, not dry like I've had before. 5. CHICKEN HEARTS! : I just wanted to put this on here because I thought it was something interesting that they offered. Actually, they were pretty good. I just felt uncomfortable when it sorta... popped in my mouth? But if you like gizzards, then you will like these.And the salad bar? I really liked their options, especially in the hot bar. I really enjoyed their Carreteiro Rice. It's like Brazilian dirty rice with good bit of meat in it. I like rice with my meat. The pasta was a good touch as well. I liked that they had Salmon at the salad bar too. Unlike the other Churrascarias, Nelore serves their fried banana at the hot bar... ohhh their bananas are ALMOST as good as mine (that's right, step off). They are very tasty and much better than Fogo's in my opinion. And the fact that they are at the hot bar means they'll stay hot and fresh there till I'm ready for some banana!And what is this? valpak.com:80/coupons/diI don't know how valid it is, but 20 bucks for a lunch there? I'm in. If that doesn't work, go to b4-u-eat.com and sign up for the 15% off coupon.Here's my conclusion:This place has the same, if not better, quality food as Fogo De Chao with prices that kill Fogo De Chao. And, the service is just as wonderful, with speedy gauchos moving like ninjas, but who actually have a personality and aren't just trying to fill you up and make you leave. I love this place and swear by it.3 EXTRAS TO KNOW:***To get the most out of the meat experience, grab a couple asparagus spears or some kind of refreshing green from the salad bar. When you start getting used to the meat taste and it all starts to taste the same, take a small bite of asparagus to clean your palette, then continue gorging. ***The soda and lemonade (which my brother swears by) are refillable... I wish I'd known. I was trying so hard to drink my Dr. Pepper very slowly.***An 18% tip is included in your bill. No one told my boyfriend and me so it was a surprise at then end when we payed 90 something for the meal. But... still worth every penny.
<review# 1784,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/11/2009,10/30/2009,90,255,7,20,9>Giacomo's has taken a big gamble: it's an innovative concept (Venetian tapas?  Who knew they even served tapas in Venice?), and it's in the "restaurant of death" location that once housed Palazzos & Pan Y Agua.  Below is an FAQ on the place, because you'll certainly be confused if you're a first-timer like I was this evening:Q: What do they serve & how do you order?A: Your order two ways: first, you go to the tapas bar & pick out some cold small bites if you want them.  There are also a few hot bites, and everything's between $4 & $5.  Be warned: it adds up fast.  Highlights of this area of the restaurant include mixed seafood and lamb meatballs.  You are given a tray that holds your tapas, then you go to the register and order anything additional you'd like from the larger menu.  It takes a bit longer, is brought out to your table (they give you a number), and includes items like homemade pastas.  Best are the mushroom gnocchi and the swiss chard/goat cheese pasta.  That stuff is between $9 & $12 on average.  Dessert was a chocolate mini-torte that was $3.79 and just ok - I like tortes to be more intensely chocolaty and sweet, and this one was served in a cupcake wrapper...didn't seem like a torte to me.Q: What do I do once I sit down?A: They don't bring you any water or bread unless you ask for it.  Twice.  And then they bring 2 slices of bread when you have 3 in your party.  That is just uncool.  You get a number if you ordered anything off the menu, so you eat your tapas and wait for your food.  When you're done with your meal, your leave your plates on the table.  They don't clear them as you finish, which is weird, because there were a lot of people standing around with nothing to do.Q: What's the atmosphere like?A: It's a combo of 1950's old-school linoleum-type decor mixed with a modern twist.  Pretty neat stuff, but way too casual for a weekend dinner option and too brightly lit for evening.  It seems like the perfect lunch place or Sunday early dinner locale, though.Q: So what's the bottom line?A: Giacomo's needs to figure out what it is and make the procedure less complicated.  If I needed all those words to explain what to do & how to do it, it's way too difficult, especially if there were a crush of people in there.  The food is high quality & quite tasty, but the way it is served doesn't do it justice.  Also, water and bread service is a must at a place like this.  Hopefully, they'll work out some of the kinks and become a popular lunch option for the Upper Kirby crowd.
<review# 1785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2009,10/29/2009,51,137,7,7,7>What?  I'm in Katy?  No way!!That's exactly how you feel upon entering Mercury Bar.  I love this whole place, and it has a very non-suburban vibe going.  Everything is red and black and smooth and sexy.  The whole room is built around one huge bar in the center, loaded with barstools, and on the peripheral of the room are other high tables and chairs with a couch or two thrown in I believe.  TVs are scattered here and there for those who want to catch a game, and the outdoor patio overlooking the courtyard will be fantastic on mild evenings (you know, like in January).  Drinks were good.  I went with 'ol reliable - a yummy pinot noir, but I saw the bartenders whip up several tasty looking creations.  They also have live music on various evenings.  We visited on a Friday night and the 'jazz' we expected was actually just one dude with a keyboard - not exactly what we were going for.  Aside from that one disappointment, we were thrilled with our visit to Mercury Bar.  Great service, decent prices, and awesome atmosphere.  Plus, very spiffy bathrooms - bonus!
<review# 1786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2008,10/28/2009,219,206,15,11,14>When I was a little girl, my mom would come here all the time to either just look around, or to buy herself something cute. At that time... I knew this was a naughty store in some way. My favorite thing to do was to sneak off and look at all the naughty greeting cards. I was shocked at all the naked men and women... but I couldn't stop looking. I barely paid attention to the clothes at that time, I don't even think I knew it was erotic clothing. Literally I must of been 4 years old the first time I stepped in here. And years later, I still go! Although it appears that the naughty greeting card section has gotten smaller. Now I go whenever I want sexy panties, stripper shoes, or cool pantie hose. Erotic Cabaret also has a wide variety of bustier's and patent leather items. They have got to be doing something right to stay open for so long huh?
<review# 1787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2009,10/26/2009,31,35,6,10,11>Instructions for a Perfect Date:1. Set up a time after work for you to spend with your preferred person.2. Make sure it's a gorgeous afternoon. 75-85 and sunny should do it.3. Fill up a picnic basket with any or all of the following: - A blanket - A frisbee - A bottle of your favorite wine, with glasses - A baller spread of meat, cheese, and crackers - A cutting board and knife4. Go to Discovery Green with your date (don't forget your date) and lay your blanket out in a nice shady spot.5. Enjoy some fine food and drink, the beautiful weather, and the company of someone special. If you get lucky, there will be a band playing something decent in the background. Soak it all in, and feel any and all stress melt away. Go play in the grass if so inclined.6. When it's getting to be dusky, head on up to the Treehouse and grab a cocktail. Sit and watch the sun set over the Houston skyline. Hold your date close. Sigh contentedly. Discovery Green is really a treasure, a fantastic bit of urban planning in our very own downtown. I think it is certainly best described as an oasis, a happy place in an otherwise busy city where one can relax and refresh as easily as possible. Not to mention, it happens to be a pretty fantastic date spot. Next time you're feeling some tension, need a place to take the guy or girl in your life, or just want to recharge, go hit the Green.. it'll do wonders for you and yours.
<review# 1788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2008,10/25/2009,15,38,3,8,7>Every Halloween I make a trip to Southern Importers, perhaps the best kept costume secret in Houston.  It may not look like much from the outside, but on the inside it has just about everything you need to make a freakish splash at Halloween.  Granted, its selection is not as comprehensive as Frankel's, but it is truly surprising what costume basics Southern has that Frankel's lacks--its focus is on quality, not quantity.  Just keep in mind that a lot of their costumes are kept inside drawers (it's not a huge store), and you have to ask one of the staff members to get them out for you--it's not a big deal, just don't expect to walk in and see costumes hanging all over the walls.   A lot of the makeup is also kept behind a counter.  If that intimidates you, don't worry!  The staff is so friendly and helpful!  Even the policeman who works security is nice.  The prices are  very competitive, and may even be less than Frankel's.  In any case, the true beauty of Southern is that it is not complete bedlam during Halloween like Frankel's, which could double for a Tokyo subway car during October.  The only downside is that finding it is a little tricky because it abuts the light rail . . .
<review# 1789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,10/24/2009,172,157,23,21,16>A kayaking we will go, a kayaking we will go, hi ho the dairy o, a kayaking we will go.  We probably signed our lives away judging by the quick skim of the disclaimer, but we didn't mind. We had set our minds to kayaking. The cashier was genuinely nice as he explained the kayak rental process. It's $15 the first hour and $5 every hour. The all day price is $35. This includes the kayaks, paddles and life jackets by Orvis.  We left our IDs with him, sort of like a guarantee to return the equipment provided. Kayaker Beware. Leave purses and backpacks behind in your car, the lockers provided don't have locks and the staff won't guarantee safe keeping. Keep your cameras, car keys, cellphones tightly sealed in a provided ziploc bag or water damage will claim the life of your beloved electronic. Life jackets tightened, we were ready to board the kayak. For several of us (6 out of 9 of us, it was our first time to kayak).  We laughed at ourselves as we figured out how to maneuver the kayak. We'd warn kayakers within a 100 yards,  we were kayak beginners. My worst fear, after capsizing, was colliding into another kayak. The other kayakers were friendly. Many of them said hi or waved as we paddled away along the track.Four Fun Things to do on a kayak...#1 Tow another kayak, I didn't know it was possible. #2 Have a picnic, we got near the edge, put kayaks against each other and ate drank, talked, laughed. Good times. Good times.#3 Capsize, you know, the part where you lose balance and fall into the water. Just kidding. The water is green, like a lake water ought to be. #4 Paddle to the Fountain, after paddling in a kayak until your arm muscles are sore under hot sun, the droplets of water are totally refreshing. Your inner kid will thank you.Over-comitted, I only had two hours exactly to kayak. When my fellow paddler told me the time was 1:30pm. I turned into the drill sergeant, calling out strokes in a rhythmic way, (left... left... left.. right-left), trying to encourage my fellow paddler to re-energize. My only regret was not being able to witness someone falling off their kayak. How I wanted to yell out "man over board", but I didn't get my chance. Perhaps next time. I'm planning to come here with the group. Let's just hope I can get around the pesky no kayak reservation.
<review# 1790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2009,10/23/2009,138,127,7,7,8>Holy Frank(en)Stein!Stopped by the newest hot dog joint today for lunch, fully expecting to be blown away by the myriad of horror themed menu options. And I was! Walked in with a co-worker to the smell of all-beef dogs sizzling on the grill and hearing the Descendents in the air. (kudos on the good music selection, guys!)I went for my personal favorite of the old-school of the movie monsters (currently on the menu) the Creature from the Black Lagoon - a chili cheese dog with onions and mustard, while co-worker went for the Freddy Krueger, a deep fried hot dog topped with scissor sticks (fried jalapeno/onion sticks). We shared a basket of fries, and two drinks for under unlucky $13... We also shared a few chuckles on the menu (the Batburger, featuring GUANAmole....)My only beef (ha!) was that there is not a menu item for Bride of Frankenstein, but apparently they are working on that one. May I suggest a "baby of the Bride" burger or dog on a 'kreepy kids' menu? Another great menu item I didn't have room for today was their "Terrormisu" dessert. - But don't fret, I'll definitely be back to sample the other delish/devlish menu items.The dogs were phenomenal, the staff was very cool and I hope this place thrives. Yelpers and Houstonians take advantage of the culinary and creepy concoctions the Ray's Franks' have to offer!
<review# 1791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2008,10/22/2009,150,374,7,15,12>Ah, Downing Street. I have had a love hate relationship with this place ever since it first opened. For the most part, I got annoyed at the way it went downhill in terms of patronage and a bad smell about a year ago, but I am pleased to find it has gone back to it's normal self.The folks here know their cigars. You can go tell them what you like and they'll make a recommendation. You can tell they're passionate about cigars, which is what makes this place solid. A wide selection of single malts and beers is great, but the cool thing here is the various drinks you can get from the bartender, who I have yet to stump.The atmosphere is great with leather couches and dark booths and a good ventilation system. And if the weather's nice, you can sit outside and watch all the pretty people next door at Taco Milagro make fools of themselves!
<review# 1792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2009,10/21/2009,305,161,30,33,27>Pssst.......pssst.......you........yes you. Do you want to win friends and influence people? In need of a cheap date? Want to placate your lunatic children? In high school and need a place to ....um, not be around the watchful eyes of parents? Then hold the line, cuz I'm bout to blow this shit up. Lo and behold, there is a drive in movie theater in the greater H-Town area. A DRIVE-IN MOVIE THEATER people. This is not a big deal, it is a huge deal. We are the envy of most of the world, civilized and otherwise, and yet I bet you didn't even know we had one. In between 290 & 249 on 2920, this outdoor cinematic mecca is throwing down on four first-run films Weds - Sun. There are two screens (front and back) that each show a double feature. One is usually a little more child-friendly, the other has relatively tame fare for older kids and adults. In between the two are the concession stand and bathrooms. And sound is provided by tuning in through your car stereo or whatever other device suits your fancy. For the admission of $5 for adults, $4 for kids, I'm not sure there's a better way to spend an evening at the movies. Even though the concessions are cheap, varied, and plentiful, there seems to be zero problem bring in as much food and beverages as you desire. Almost every truck I saw carried a loaded ice chest with it. We brought two ice chests with beer, wine, half of Central Market, and the dog( not in the ice chest). Yes, you can bring your dog! Then we slapped down chairs in front of the tailgate to watch the 1st flick. The movie starts @ dusk, which for this time of year was roughly 9pm. Having arrived about 7:45 on a Thursday, we were 2nd row center. I couldn't recommend this place more highly. The folks here maintain the place well; the film was surprisingly clear and well synced to the sound considering what I remembered as a kid; the other patrons were polite and respectful; the staff was welcoming; a great time was had by all. What more do you need to convince you to make the scant 30 mile trek?
<review# 1793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2009,10/20/2009,152,200,8,11,11>I knew I would love this! Pinot & Picasso just opened this Spring (2009) and it's already a huge hit. Classes sell out a month in advance- but trust me, it's worth the wait. They notify you in advance via email to ask if you're part of a group so they can seat you at the same table. My group didn't show- I won't say who because I need to protect the (not so) innocent. Of course, everyone is there for the same reason- expect an easygoing bunch there for a good time. The first thing I noticed upon entry was how organized each table looked. Each spot at every table had a blank canvas, 2 paint brushes (1 small, 1 large), a cup of water, a few paper towels, a plate with an array of paints ready for use, and each of our names was written in chalk on top of the table to indicate their seating arrangement. As Melissa mentioned, acrylic paints are used, so it washes easily from your hands and (most) clothes. In the back they had a few serving tables set up. Feel free to bring snacks & your drink of choice. Corkscrews were provided and already in use. Wine glasses available over head- yes, they have enough for everybody. If you need to put your wine or beer on ice, they have that covered too. Classes are kept on the small side, which I like since it's more personal. I signed up for a 2 hour class. They also give 3 hour classes on weekends for an extra 10 bucks. The time flew- seriously, they are so creative with their instructions that they managed to make this fun and easy. I impressed myself! Pinot & Picasso is a fun, clever, unique way to to spend the evening. I will be back!
<review# 1794,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/16/2009,10/19/2009,211,151,8,10,7>I have a mission to dine at every Thai place inside the loop. Khun Kay is restaurant #12 out of the 14 on my list (almost done)! I love Thai food so much that I don't know if I would ever give it below 3 stars unless they completely messed it up. I was excited about Khun Kay because when I looked at the menu, everything was so much cheaper! Pad Thai with chicken for $6.95?!?! This restaurant used to be the Golden Room, a sit down Thai restaurant. For whatever reason, they tore it down right before Hurricane Ike and rebuilt it to be an order-at-the-counter restaurant. The outside is bright red so you can't miss it. The interior is nicely decorated and overall pretty tidy.I ordered my usual, pad thai with chicken. The boyfriend ordered stir-fried veggies with chicken. Our orders came out fast, in like 5 minutes! My pad thai was ok, but not great. The noodles were overcooked so it was a little mushy over all. The chicken was white meat but still moist. My boyfriend's entree was good though. It had a thick brown sauce with a slight sweet kick to it. They gave plenty of chicken and veggies. The fact that this place is cheap is its main appeal.The bathroom here is interesting. You walk in and you will see sinks. To the right is the ladies' room. To the left is the men's room. So basically they share a communal sink. Not sure if you guys would appreciate this or not, but my boyfriend said that the chef only rinsed his hands (sans soap) when leaving the restroom. But hey, Asian people... so I turn the other cheek.
<review# 1795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2009,10/18/2009,196,278,9,14,14>Truffles. That elusive ingredient that can transform an already excellent dish to another plane. Rich, earthy, musky, rare and delicious. We were having a craving for truffles, so we went to the place we knew would be offering them: Tony's.Tony's is the iconic Houston fine dining restaurant. It has been the preferred destination for the city's glitterati for many years, but some foodies grumbled that the cuisine was too staid, too traditional, too boring.In our experience, nothing could be farther from the truth. My guess is that these foodies have never dined at Tony's, and that is their loss.Tony Vallone is a master restaurateur, and he periodically reinvents the restaurant, making it fresh and new, but never gets caught up in the fly-by-night trends that tempt the less savvy host. And the Vallone touch is evident on every plate that exits the kitchen... this attention to detail is a key that separates Tony's from Houston's other fine dining establishments. The latest incarnation of Tony's resides at the beautiful Richmond and Timmons location that Tony's occupied after decades on Post Oak. Built from the ground up to Tony Vallone's exacting specifications, this dramatic setting was the backdrop for our truffle degustation.Executive Chef Francesco Casetta's kitchen is firing on all cylinders, and created a variety of dishes that flowed together like movements in a symphony. Several featured the ethereal truffle as an ingredient.We started with a simple Tortelloni Bolognese - housemade pasta stuffed with three cheeses and draped in Tony's superb bolognese meat sauce. The flavors are bold yet smooth, and this dish warmed up our senses for the upcoming courses.Next was my favorite appetizer - Paglia e Fieno. A deceptively simple dish featuring fresh ribbons of green and white tagliatelle, drizzled with a light cream sauce and accented with thin slices of fresh black truffles. Simple and superlative.We then tried something more exotic - Tagliarini with Sicilian Sea Urchin. Smooth strands of tagliarini were tossed in a light creamy sauce of pinot grigio and alba mushrooms, and mixed with chunks of sea urchin. The dish was surprisingly spicy; the heat was balanced by the creamy pasta. It was something we'd never experienced before, but would gladly order again.Our final appetizer is one we can rarely pass up at Tony's - the Japanese-influenced Ribbons and Squares. Fresh, sushi-grade blue fin tuna prepared two ways: perfect thumb-sized cubes, and thin, pasta-like ribbons formed into a cylindrical shape. The tuna is accented with fresh avocado puree and a tangy soy-lime vinaigrette. We love sushi, and the balance of this dish speaks to a bright future if the Vallones ever decide to open a sushi bar.After these delicious entrees, it was time for the main course. More truffles were called for, so we ordered the rich Stuffed Truffled Filet of Beef. This may be the best steak in the city - a large, thick filet of USDA Prime beef, naturally aged for 40 days, and stuffed with black truffle butter. The truffle flavor infuses the beef, and the combination is greater than the sum of the parts.On the side we asked for the oven-roasted truffled potatoes and the decadent truffled macaroni & cheese. These side dishes accented the steak very nicely, and we were awash in the aroma and flavor of truffles.We barely had room for dessert, but missing the souffle at Tony's seems like a crime. This time we selected the rich bananas foster souffle, which was a delightful finish to an unforgettable meal.Sadly, my waistline won't tolerate a meal like this every day, but I'll be looking forward to the next gastronomical adventure at Tony's. The restaurant never disappoints.
<review# 1796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2009,10/17/2009,24,96,5,6,5>The Ginger Man is all about beer. With 67 beers on tap (I think that might include one root beer) and at least that many in bottles, this is Houston's original beer bar. It is, hands down, my favorite bar in the Rice Village area. In fact, these days, it's the only bar in the Rice Village I'll go to, as it's by far the least pretentious. It doesn't try to attract a trendy, hip crowd; it's not a fake Irish pub-in-a-box; it simply is what it is - a beer bar. The bartenders are very knowledgeable - they have to be, with this big of a selection - and are happy to help you with your selection, so long as it's not crazy busy. Which it does sometimes become, especially on the weekend nights. It's a lovely place to come for an afternoon beer, though.I always find it amusing to sit at the bar when it's busy, because invariably some douche will come in and order shots. Sorry, no liquor here - just beer and wine. Then they'll take a look at the wall of taps, and order a Bud light. Real adventurous of you, slick.The only thing I'd like out of the Ginger Man is a full kitchen, bigger bathrooms (the men's room is literally only about twice the size of an airplane lavatory), and cheaper prices. The prices are in line with other bars, I suppose, but over ten-plus years of coming here I've watched the price of a pint of Guinness go from $4 to $5.75. Anyway, if you like laid back bars and good beer (my current personal fave here is the Southern Star Buried Hatchet) I highly recommend the Ginger Man.Bonus tip: if you sit at the bar, there are hooks underneath for jackets.
<review# 1797,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/6/2009,10/16/2009,7,61,3,8,5>A great spot for a HUGE meal for not much money!For about $6 at Chicago's Italian Beef you can eat so much that you won't be hungry the next day! I ordered the Italian Beef- it was enormous!  A seven or so inch long hoagie roll stuffed with tender and thin slices of beef.  I had mine "dipped" in the sauce and it was great.  I was really surprised how the bread held together after the dip- most dipped sandwiches seem to shred when you pick them up. This one was a champ!  When ordering fries, I was pleasantly surprised to learn that they are included! Most places you have to add on fries- what a deal!  The fries were good- made on the premises not brought in frozen.I felt my sandwich was slightly on the bland side, but was much better after a light sprinkling of salt and pepper.  The rest of the diners with me didn't have the blandness issue; they added gardinera to their sandwich.  At the little toppings bar, there have 2 kinds of gardinera and some kind of marinated cucumber.  The cucumbers were fantastic. I'd pay for a side order of them if they were on the menu!Service was exceptional.  I can't recall having encountered someone so cheerful and nice behind a counter in a long time.  High five to CIB for the wonderful staff!
<review# 1798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2009,10/15/2009,283,153,4,7,6>The brunch here is stunning, even for a vegetarian.  I love the huge selection and the garden seating is lovely on a weekend morning.  It's a bit pricey for those of us who don't eat meat-- honestly, I could make the selection of stuff I pick out for half the price, but who wants to spend 3 hours cooking it all when it's right there for you?  Plus, I can add a mimosa, close my eyes, and imagine I'm on a tropical vacation.
<review# 1799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2009,10/14/2009,466,956,13,17,13>Loved it! Now, here is why: I like sushi. I like trains. I like to eat. I like to save! I love the concept of this restaurant. The sushi is going around a conveyor belt. Different dishes cost differently depending on the color of the plate they are on. I have never paid less than $5 for adamame, well at Choo Choo moving sushi bar it is only $1,50! I had so much sushi that I had a serious food overdose by the time we left there. Service was good. But it really doesn't matter because you are serving yourself. They were attentive and refilled my iced tea as soon as it was less than half way full. One thing that does matter is that they are continuously refilling the belt with everything! My brother's friend who is from Japan accompanied us, since he (duh!) loves sushi. He said the quality of the food was excellent for the price. I agree. As you see the sushi moving around the room, you have a menu to help you determine what is in each dish. They do have labels telling you what it is. I paid less than $40 for me, my mom and my friend. My bill at a regular sushi place is at least $30 for just ME!  It was about 7 of us there, and I did not hear anyone complaining about the bill! This place is definitely worth trying. I enjoyed it tremendously and hope you do too! =0}
<review# 1800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2009,10/13/2009,229,569,8,12,11>It's hard to bite the hand that feeds you, but I genuinely think this is a great space. Space 125 Gallery is Houston Art Alliance's exhibition space. Houston Art Alliance provides funding to art endeavors around Houston including individual artists like myself. So . . .there's your disclaimer!The layout includes movable walls, so each show typically has a different feel. The work of Grant recipients is generally shown here. If anything, it's an interesting spot to see what kind of work gets funded. The answer to that is just about anything, as the shows have a wide range of styles and content. The exhibitions have been a great source of inspiration to me as well as other artists since Space 125 first opened its doors in 2004 (2003? Don't quote me on that). The cons. Space 125 can be difficult to find. If heading downtown on Allen Parkway the exit is Waugh and the turn to Space 125 is one block before Waugh. Once you get there-the second con is parking. It's at the end of the block and it's paid (about two or three clams I believe). There is some street parking, just be careful where you park. The Gallery itself is at the front of the long string of buildings closest to Allen Parkway. I know some of you are heading that way tomorrow night, so aside from shameless self-promotion, this review is an attempt to keep a few yelpers from getting lost on their way there. Thanks again!
<review# 1801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2009,10/12/2009,153,176,8,17,17>I'm totally not hip and cool enough to be in this book store. I came here last Sunday before the UYE. I seeked it out because I always see it on top of the list in Houston. Walked in and was greeted by the friendliest, Indie rock lovin' guy. I think in total he asked if I needed anything 3 times, but not annoying by any means. I enjoy how they don't have your typical books in here. They are for the most part artsy kind of books. One of my best friends lives in SF and is a photographer. This would be his ideal store and come his birthday, I'll be coming here for his gift. I pretty much think I could grab anything and he'd dig it. There's not too much to say except this is a great book store if you want something that's not mainstream.
<review# 1802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2009,10/10/2009,69,126,2,7,8>I was walking down Bagby street looking for this new upcoming Bar named UNION.  I walked in and two guys greeted me and made me welcome to their bar.  It was early  around 6 p.m. I was waiting for a friend to go to a House of Blues concert.   As I waited the manager offer me one of his famous martinis.  I like martinis but this one went down smooth and the flavor was sweet and fruity.  Yes it sounds like a girly drink but by all means I DRINK IT!!!  I had a great conversation with some of the friendly people in the bar. I can only tell you that I will definitely go again to enjoy the great atmosphere.  I look forward to another night at Union Bar.
<review# 1803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2009,10/9/2009,131,188,3,9,7>At last, my first new review for '09.  Been slacking!  But after eating at this place last night... I had to spread the word.Recently opened, MGH has several outlets in the California area and a few others in Canada.  They specialize in what they're named after... Mongolian Hot Pots (aka Chinese Hot Pot or Chinese Fondue).  If you folks never had one then you're in for a treat.  It's basically a large boiling broth of soup heated at the table on a burner.  Bite size pieces of raw meat (Lamb, beef, chicken), raw vegetables (Spinach, Bok Choy, Etc.), raw seafood (Shrimp, Mussels, etc.), noodles, and/or dumplings are thrown into the broth to be cooked.  One broth is good enough for 6 folks.  It's better to come in a big group because you can order a wider array of  choices while keeping the cost down.  How so?  Each item you pick has it's own price.  At other places  that serve hot pot, they usually come in a combo (ex. seafood combo consists of shrimp, oyster, mussels, squid for a set price... the veggies are usually thrown in for free).  So that's the only bad thing about this place; reason why I deducted a star.  But the difference b/w this place and others is their fragrant broth.  My goodness, it's very delicious.Other then Tan Tan, most restaurants have their broth on the blander side.  The reason for this is because you can purchase several dipping sauces and flavor your portion accordingly to one's preference.  MGH's broth is very savory and tasty, especially when you order the spicy one.  It's pretty rare to find a restaurant in Houston that serves a spicy broth.  Another great thing is you can split both broths in one pot.  There's a little divider in between.  Most folks likes to throw in their side items one at a time.  I, on the other hand, just dump all the meat and tofu in first (adds more flavor to the soup) and cook the veggies and noodles whenever I prefer more.Last night, it was just dinner for two.  I preferred spicy while she doesn't; so therefore we got the combo broth.  I ordered fatty beef (thinly sliced tenderloin), combo meatballs (shrimp, beef and lamb meatball: 3 of each), spinach, fresh tofu, shitake mushrooms, and wide clear noodles.  Sounds a lot, but we finished it all off.  Also had Red Bean Paste Yam Cake for dessert.  It's not so great, I suggest passing up on the desserts!  All of that came out around $46 (tip and beverages not included).  That's a little steep for hot pots (normally $30 for two at other restaurants with more variety of items included).  If you factor in the quality of Mongolian's ingredients (meatballs were so good, freshness of meat and veggies), location, nicer ambiance and friendly staff (wish they spoke better English)... it was all well worth it.  I definitely will come back in order to try their other items (like the dumplings).  However, it'll be with a few others so I can order a bigger variety.  Another note: they are open late on weekends.  I believe at 3am.
<review# 1804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2009,10/8/2009,20,333,5,6,4>My new favorite patio!  (Or one of them, at least.)  We ate here four times in one week.  The menu is dense but worth exploring, and even our "disappointments" have still been worth at least three stars.  Hopefully the over-crowding will either die down or force them to open a second location nearby.  The Good:- Pizza (says the boyfriend)- Salads (especially the specials - had an amazing tofu and heirloom salad with a sesame vinaigrette)- Gluten-free quinoa mac and cheese!- Sweet potato fries (crispy...sweet...delicious)- The patio (chill, quieter than interior seating, decently landscaped considering the parking lot view)The Bad:- Counter service is not for everyone- Some prices are spot on, others seem a touch high- The menu is huge (perhaps a contributor to the ever present line)The Ugly:- Layout (sit outside or on the non-counter end of the restaurant unless you want to be face to face with the back pockets of someone who doesn't know where to stand while in the ever-present line)- The ever-present line- The person in front of me in the ever-present line who never seems to understand how the counter service aspect of this restaurant works and can't find the water dispenser
<review# 1805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2009,10/6/2009,287,298,7,11,10>After watching a barbeque special on the Food Network, I grabbed my purse, bf and headed out to Goode Company. It had been awhile since I had dined there and my last experience was pretty forgettable. But being a believer in second chances (for most things) we headed out to Goode Company. Lucky for me this experience was delicious and memorable. The place looks like an old saloon with wood floors and high ceilings. They do have a bar but long ago gave up the idea that this would be a place to get your drink on. So alas, it sits empty and dejected looking on the far wall. The food is served cafeteria style as most BBQ places and that night it was moving slowly because of the brisk take-out business they were doing. Seeing the bountiful amounts they were serving, I decided on getting 2 meats a la carte and the bf got the plate so we could share the sides. We chose the chicken, jalapeno sausage and ribs with a side of pinto beans and potato salad. Both included Goode's famous jalapeno cheese bread. The chicken had a great smoky flavor to it and tender but my favorite was the jalapeno sausage which had a nice kick. I ordered the sauce on the side so I could taste the meat plain. I ended up ignoring the sauce and enjoyed the meat "as is". I didn't try the ribs, actually couldn't get near them as the bf blocked most moves made towards his plate (kidding but he was inhaling them). The sides were better than most BBQ places. The beans were cooked with plenty of seasonings and weren't mushy. It's hard to rate potato salad as I compare all to my mother's which is impossible to top. But Goode's potato salad was better than average and I kicked it up with pickles and onions from the condiment bar. The jalapeno cheese bread was tasty but I didn't like it with my meat choice. They have a nice gift area where you can pick up a jar of their BBQ sauce or various rubs/marinades. And the ladies bathroom was very clean, even the old tile on the floor. I like to think if they keep their bathroom this clean, the kitchen is probably the same (or better).
<review# 1806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2009,10/5/2009,225,440,14,15,14>"Do you know how popular I am? I am so popular. Everybody loves me so much at this school [in this town]." - Claire Well, apparently most people do love the Breakfast Klub. You can see that when you get to the place with the line of early breakfasters curving around the building. While waiting, the staff will direct you on how to order, where to get your drinks and condiments, and they even have water outside to help with this Texas heat as you wait. I had been wanting to go see what all the fuss was about and was able to get my sister and niece to tag along. We arrived around 9:30 and only waited about 15 minutes before we were able to place our orders and find a table. The place is decent sized for the location, but the tables felt like they were covered in syrup. I mean, I know it's a known for Chicken 'n Waffles, but I don't want to wear it home on my clothes. After cash register shock at the price of breakfast for 3 people - $40, I settled in to my chair with a nice hot cup of Colombian coffee as we waited for our orders. In just minutes the plates arrived and my Chicken 'n Waffles smelt delicious. I immediately dug in and was pleasantly surprised with the flavor of the wings. They were tasty with a slight kick of spice, and not overdone. The Belgian waffle was fluffy with a nice crisp to the edges but a little heavy for me. I wasn't able to eat much mostly because I don't eat big breakfasts usually, but I did take the wings to go. The next day they actually tasted better cold and fresh out of the fridge. They seemed a little spicier on day 2. So in closing, the breakfast was good, the coffee was better and I think my shoes still have a layer of maple syrup on the bottom.
<review# 1807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2009,10/4/2009,74,122,8,9,8>Tuesday Early EveningA very chill place. I walked in and felt a little out of place because it was pretty sparse with a few regulars at the bar (felt like Cheers?)However the bartender was friendly and invited the group in. I said Let's try something new - I like Blue Moon & Shiner - and he offered me a Blonde Bombshell. On the money! Lots of different beers on tap and bottled. Played a game of darts with the beer. They have lots of boardgames to test your agility and alcohol influence, such as Connect 4! Come Right In and give it a try. Don't gawk from the outside, hesitate or open the wrong door because Yes, we can see you through the tinted windows. I'll be the one laughing because I did that too!
<review# 1808,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/7/2009,10/3/2009,117,256,7,8,7>There was maybe one item on the menu I could eat (possibly more, but I thought I gave it a pretty good look over while distracted by our table's conversation). It was basic cheese enchiladas- well, hey, a change from the spinach variety that every tex-mex place seems to offer. I ordered that and a frozen margarita. My margarita, unlike Jim's, was actually just fine. I got the house margarita variety- was it called the Perfect Margarita, or am I confusing my Tex-Mex venues? Anyway, it wasn't anything special, but I drank it down happily and considered ordering another before I thought better of 2 drinks worth of tequila while meeting someone new. My enchiladas, quite frankly, weren't as good as Jim makes, or my mother has made, or even as good as Amy's frozen dinners are. They were basic cafeteria fare, with the cheese a bit scalded at the corners. I enjoyed my black beans and rice, but cannot remember the last time those came out unpalatable at a restaurant. I wonder if the food here is better when the place is less mobbed. Clearly Ninfa's is beloved by many- one of my Chicago friends who grew up in Houston recommended this place, and it was mobbed when we arrived at 7 on a Friday. I mean, the foyer was completely filled with people and the wait was 20 minutes. We were almost forced to stand outside to avoid being mushed into someone's armpit.It'd take a seriously persuasive friend to tempt me back here- possibly a friend who is paying. This bums me out because the place has been around since 1973- they must be doing something right. Right? There's just too much good Tex-mex around this city for a bad venue to thrive, right?
<review# 1809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2009,10/2/2009,38,64,8,11,12>Stephen Y and I decided to check this place out since we both have never been and thought it would a good idea to explore a new place on a Friday night.  Another motivation was that restaurant.com has gift card coupons, so we picked up a $10 gift card coupon with 80% off (came out to 60 cents!).  When we walked into the bar, it seemed really chill - people just lounging around at the bar, people on the patio listening to the live music (I think they have live bands every Friday), and people sitting inside at the tables.  There were definitely more regulars, than newbies like us.  We chose to sit inside since it was hot, and our main goal was to get some delicious fried foods!!The menu is pretty extensive for a bar, so I was actually pretty surprised to see that many items.  Stephen Y ended up getting the country fried chicken with green beans and mashed potatoes, and I got the chicken tenders with cream corn and fries.  Overall, the fried foods were great, but who doesn't like oil and grease??  We both thought the green beans were very salty, but still edible, and the cream corn had a really unique flavor (compared to Rudy's cream corn, it's not as creamy - this isn't a bad or good thing, just an observation).        However, the BEST part of the meal was dessert - good ole fried oreos with vanilla ice cream!! I think that speaks for itself, so I really don't need to tell you how mouth-watering it was, but I guess I just did.  I would probably come back here maybe once a month to get my monthly dosage of fried goodness and grease.  They also have some TVs inside, so this place wouldn't be a bad idea for Texas games in the Fall - Hook 'em!!!
<review# 1810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2009,10/1/2009,2,225,6,26,26>This is a very hard review for me to write. The negative reviews here have left me genuinely upset and shaking. I am working hard to remember the serenity of the space and not to disrespect it by writing out of anger. This is NOT a museum with art in it. This is a church. It was built as a church, the paintings were commissioned to decorate a church and it is used as a church. Please keep that in mind both when you make a decision about coming, and about your behavior while you are there. It is called a chapel for a reason. Find the paintings online before you go. If you don't find them interesting, don't go. If you need art to make images or pictures, seeing these canvases in person will be even more annoying than seeing them in a print book. So don't go. If you are not a particularly spiritual person, don't go. If you find black depressing, and don't like to be depressed, don't go.If you cannot sit/stand still and quiet for at least 10 or 15 minutes at a stretch, don't go. If you think spaces need to be impressive, "interesting" or cater to your tastes and comforts, don't go. The whole intent here is the abandonment of surface level experience, so if that is what you want from a space, then you don't belong here. Whatever you do PLEASE remember that this is a church, and that for some of us, it is a deeply religious experience to be in this room and see these canvases. If it isn't for you, that's fine. Just keep it to yourself, be respectful, and leave quickly and quietly. The Menil is just the next block down and is full of all kinds of bright and shiny things that are sure to impress you. I could spend hours a day in this space and never tire of it.
<review# 1811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2009,9/30/2009,68,168,4,18,15>FORGET Fuddruckers or Smashburgers!  When I saw Akaushi Beef burgers on their sign I had to stop in.  Like the curious rat in me, I had to find out what it is.  Now I am no beef expert but I was sold when they told me it is better then Kobe beef.  I have never tasted Kobe so I can't really compare but these burgers are the BEST tasting beef I have ever tasted.  I ordered the Akaushi Burger with fries.  These fries were homemade that was cut large just the way I like my fries because it helps retain the moisture in it.  My Akaushi burger was perfectly made with fresh lettuce, tomato, fresh crispy elongated pickle slices, and freshly made pink mayo.  The combination of the soft, doughy, sourdough bun fried crispy with butter on the inside with the beef plus mayo was heavenly.  I have never tasted such a great combination.  You can taste the yummy delicate beef, rich in flavor, plus a hint of mayo.  The sourdough bun created a sweet after taste that lingered in my mouth.  The burgers are man size.  Because of this, I didn't finish the fries with my combo.I tasted the Akaushi beef by itself by pulling off a large chunk to sample. This meat was full of nutty, sweet flavor that was really delicate.  There was no chewy, stringy pieces to the beef like most burgers.  I paid under $10 for my combo Akaushi burger with fries and drink.  I couldn't understand why was this superior imported Akaushi beef so affordable when Kobe beef is around $200 per ounce?  Well, it just so happened that Akaushi cattles from Japan are being raised in Texas so they are more affordable.  (Akaushi beef is a type of Kobe beef.)  I really doubt that Akaushi beef from Texas is better tasting then Kobe beef from Japan when Kobe cattles are pampered like babies that includes daily walking, grooming, massaging, and drinking beer.  Logan Farm also claims that Akaushi beef is good for your health too with a bunch of nutritional info.  Well it's just advertising to me, most things to me are only half truth and I never believe what I read unless I do the research myself.  I just let my stomach do the talking.  So far it is the BEST beef burger I ever tasted!  I can careless on whether it is healthy for me.I just couldn't get enough of the homemade infused tea with pomegranate and blueberry.  I drank 2 and a half cup of this because of unlimited refills.  The other choice was unsweetened tea or peach/ mango which I will try next time.  I have been here in the past.  Great place for lunch.  Has a full menu of hams, turkey, and a bunch of sides that are cooked on premise.  You can get a nice plate for under $10 that's better than Boston Market.  Food is always fresh and hot and the daily menu changes occasionally according to season.  There is never a dull moment of fresh tasting food here.They serve breakfast here on the weekends from 7AM - 12PM.Buttermilk biscuits, French toast, omelets, Eggs Benedict, homemade biscuits.They offer catering service from the menu and box lunches for corporate meetings.  They also offer a great turkey dinner for Thanksgiving. They offer free samples here before you buy.  Their Honey Glazed Ham is absolutely, unforgettably delicious.  They have Akaushi steaks and bison beef.  I can't wait to grill those over an open flame.
<review# 1812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2009,9/29/2009,93,136,4,12,11>This is hands down one of my most favorite place.  They have a wrap around patio that has heating in the winter, fans in the summer, and even roll down plastic sheets to shelter you when it rains.  The inside seating is very small and a bit limited but the wait is never more than 10-15 minutes.  The service is friendly and efficient.  This place is very laid back, the perfect place to enjoy a meal and chat with friends.I am in love with the crawfish here and come religiously during the season.  This place is usually one of the first to start serving them, and definatley always the last to stop.  Better yet the size is always decent and the crawfish sweet.  I had some just yesterday!  You have to order a 2lb minium-comes auto with corn and potatoes.  Wednesdays are my favorite days to go because they also have grilled oysters special.  They bring out some grills and you get fresh fired grilled oysters, with butter or garlic.  I always get them plain though.  The oysters are so sweet and juicy I feel like any other garnish takes away from the flavor.My favorite appetizer is the pistolet.  It's french bread hollowed out and filled with a cheesy crawfish sauce, then toasted.  It's served hot with the cheese melted to a smooth perfection.  When you take a bite the cheese fills up your mouth and the crunchy texture of the bread smashing together with crawfish tails is so satisfyingly yummy.Last and not least this is michelada heaven for me.  When I'm with a willing friend we'll order a bucket of corona-you get 6 but only pay for 5.  I'll get michelada mix on the side and it's a perfect blend of spice, lime, salt, and pepper.  It gives your tastes bud a little kick but doesn't overpower it so you can still enjoy your meal.This place is just great.  I love being in comfy clothes hanging out here chomping away at good food, drinking good beer, and laughing with good friends.  If you're ever in the area and want some good seafood try this place out.  Actually, I've been known to browbeat faraway friends to meet me here-yet none of them have ever regreted it and even come back for more!***Tip.  The parking lot is very small and oddly shaped.  The best thing to do is park in the lot adjacent to them.  It's alot more roomy and easier to manuever.
<review# 1813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2009,9/28/2009,19,44,4,6,6>In the quest to find a po-boy as good as Mother's in NOLA, we stopped here. Though not quite the majesty that is Mother's, this place is the best we've had in Houston. They do it right with the yummy bread and mayo, and they fry the seafood up right! This also is the place for the best onion rings EVER! Crispy without being overdone, and the onion does not just slide right out and burn your face. SO GOOD.
<review# 1814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2009,9/27/2009,81,217,8,12,13>Feta cheese...mmm...falafel...mmm...pita bread...mmm...tzadziki...mmm...crunchy french fries?????....mmm That's right, I love Niko's french fries...but, in addition to those lovely, crisp pieces of potato, I really like Niko's other offerings. I haven't veered off from the "basic" Greek options. But, everything I've had at Niko Niko is consistently good. I usually get the small Greek salad and the small tzadziki platter or the falafel sandwich with fries. On cold days, I love their Chicken Avgolemono Soup. The soup has a wonderful lemon flavor to the broth...homemade and delicious. For dessert, it's hard to beat their Loukoumades, a Greek honey flavored donut hole with a powdered sugar dusting. Um, um, um... Always busy, they've increased their outdoor seating and the size of the parking lot in the last year.Niko Niko is a great way to satisfy your craving for Greek delicacies between Greek Festivals!
<review# 1815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2009,9/26/2009,122,80,18,11,11>I once ate an entire dozen of Krispy Kreme donuts............ ON THE WAY TO BREAKFAST!!!  So a good donut shop that happens to be a stone's throw from where I live could spell serious problems for me.  And Christy's Donuts has become my new nemesis in life.  It literally stares at me as I drive by it's unremarkable store front facade almost every single day.  Taunting me to drop in for a small bag of glazed donuts or their perfect jalapeno sausage kolaches.  The foul temptresses that work the counter even drop in a few donut holes into your bag just for laughs.I now find myself pretending not to see Christy's Donuts everytime i come to the intersection of W. Gray & Montrose.  I'll turn up the radio, put on my sunglasses, look at my cell phone for any missed text messages... anything to divert my eyes from this holy shrine of donut heaven that stands in front of me.  Damn you Christy! Whoever you are!  I love your donuts and I cannot stop thinking about them!Arggghhhhhhhhhh! I gotta go for another run!
<review# 1816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2009,9/25/2009,103,89,8,11,10>So we've already established from my review of The Chocolate Bar that I'm a complete chocolate whore. But TCB doesn't have fudge, so the nice folks at TCB sent me to Chocolat du Monde to find some. Oh, I found fudge and a whole lot more.The polar opposite of the hustle and bustle of TCB, this quiet, unassuming little shop holds some of the finest European chocolates I've ever seen.It was almost a like a dream. I really don't remember much from my magical little visit here. While I was whisked away to Chocolateland for 15 minutes of velvety bliss, I managed to spend almost $50 on a few delicious morsels.From what I do remember, the owner/manager/sales guy, (whoever he was) was super nice. He even threw in some free fudge. The chocolates were amazing.And I'll never go back - way to dangerous for my bank account. However, if you'd like a little treat, I'd recommend them without reservation.
<review# 1817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2009,9/24/2009,26,136,3,9,10>An oasis of tea in a desert of coffee! I've been secretly coveting The Path of Tea for weeks but I've been waiting patiently for another tea connoisseur to enjoy the experience with. Ordering is quite fun - The first step is to discover which tea is for you by smelling the various leaves and blends available at the sample board. Second, decide how thirsty you are and order either a small or large pot and finally pick a cup you would like to drink from off the wall - the only step left after this is to sit back and relax. The tentative staff will then brew your perfect pot of tea and place it on your table... sip slowly and savour the moment knowing your tea will remain warm thanks to the tealight underneath the pot.. and that your little indulgence is a completely organic experience.
<review# 1818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2009,9/23/2009,47,192,12,7,6>Unless you're willing to challenge me, I'd have to say that Hobbit Cafe has the dorkiest menu in all of Houston. I never read The Hobbit or Lord of the Rings books, and I slept through the movie trilogy, but the funky decor and great food keeps me coming back for more. I recommend all out-of-towners stop at the Hobbit Cafe, it's definitely a Houston institution. Even though the food itself is pretty healthy (all entrees come with black beans and shredded carrots), the portions are probably triple what a person my size should eat. I leave stuffed, and I swear tuba music plays as I waddle out the door. Whatevs, it's tasty. I recommend the burgers and any of the sandwiches, each appropriately named after Tolkien's characters. Each sandwich contains at least an entire avocado, and you'll need a fork if you want to eat and still look lady-like. The "slim" sandwiches are still gigantic. Hobbit Cafe only gets four stars from me because I once made the mistake of ordering the Vegetilla and it was totally LAME. They just steamed some broccoli and carrots, covered them in cheese, and stuck them in between tortillas. Totally bland and just flat-out disappointing.
<review# 1819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2009,9/22/2009,343,368,11,10,10>SLAP ME FRAKING SILLY.This is Texas Bar-B-Que.  This is easily the best BBQ I have had in Houston.  Everything was right.  I, like Nick L., asked for the moist and charred parts of the brisket .  I took a bite and it was an explosion of flavorful smoked spices in my mouth. OH EMMMM EFF GEE.  I took the time to savor the meat and let my taste buds go awry.  I usually do not do that.  I just gobble my grub down.  Pierson & Company's sauce is pretty good too.  The sausage was glistening and shining at me.  I believe some spiciness was infused into the link because it was oozing delicious reddish-orange chili oil.  Even the potato salad was out of this world.  It had a hint of sweetness that was paired well with the salty and spicy meats .The quantity that Pierson gives you is very generous as well.  I ordered the Brisket and Link combo for $7.75 and was able to make it into two meals.  The menu is rather large and includes: brisket, sausages, boudin sausages, ribs, sandwiches of meats, baked potatoes with meat, beans and desserts.  The service was great.  The ladies at the counters were nice and friendly.  My food came out hot and fast.The only downside is they are NOT open on Sundays or Mondays and that Pierson & Company closes at 7 on the other days of the week.  It is also a decent drive for me.  This sucks because I am going to be craving it all the time.. like right now... FML.
<review# 1820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2009,9/21/2009,269,274,12,15,14>The last time I was at Christian's it was Totem and it had the lay out of a convenient store with seating to the side with worn out projection televisions showing Sports Center. This was before my daughter was born so I'm talking about 6 years ago. I recall the experience with the burger being really good, but I wanted a more recent visit before I wrote a review about it. Christian's decided to do a remodel and make it look more like a sports bar / burger joint. There is now a bar with stools and quite a few beers on tap.  It looks like they have a descent happy hour during the week. Christian's is one of those places that is built up to a point that I was worried eating at it again, because of the fear that I would be so disappointed by a Houston Burger Institution. This is one of the few places that did not fall short of any expectations. I ordered a third pound combo with onion rings, waited for 11 minutes for my number to be called out. The burger comes out in a basket wrapped in paper with a generous amount of beer battered onion rings. The burger patty is thick and coarsely ground, which captured pockets of ooze. Because of the thickness it will come out medium to medium well, not an issue for me. It is then stacked with crisp fresh ingredients lettuce, tomato, pickles and the bun is lathered with mayonnaise and mustard. I absolutely was loving every bite of this burger, I couldn't stop nodding my head with approval. The combination of all the ingredients came together quite nicely. With every bite I couldn't quite put my finger on it, but something about this burger was special. A couple of days go by and I jump on Allison Cook's burger Friday and read a write up on Miller's Cafe and she mentions the freshness of the cold ingredients, and boom goes the dynamite, That's it! In my opinion the burger already had a lot going for it, what pushed this burger to a lofty 5 stars was the chill, crisp, and freshness of the garnishes sitting on the juicy thick patty. Then throw in those onion rings, WOW! Christian's Totem is small, but we managed to get 13 people on one table. If you don't get there early enough you might have an issue finding parking, but I guarantee it will be worth it.
<review# 1821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2009,9/20/2009,29,55,11,12,11>I'm in love!Saturday night I looked up nearby restaurants on Yelp on my iPhone, filtered it with "open now" as it was 10pm. Luigi's was the first to pop up. I thought, "I like pizza."So we went.We were the only customers in the place. The white pizza (alfredo, mozzarella and marinated mushrooms) caught our eye and we ordered it. And upon checking out the gelato, decided to have dessert first. Chocolate gelato + coconut gelato = YUM!I don't know why we don't do dessert first more often! (Oh yeah, my pants that all seem to have shrunk of their own accord.)Anyway, our pizza came out fast (suck it, Star) and Luigi asked if we wanted fresh basil. I don't care what anyone's talking about, the answer to that question is always yes. (Ice cream topping? Yes. As an option on a new car? Yes.) And it was delish.I noticed the bocce ball court outside and because of the downpour earlier that evening it wasn't fit for use. But I definitely want to check it out on a more suitable evening. It's also apparently BYO so you can bring a libation and chill outside and throw down on some bocce!I normally like to reserve 5 stars for the utmost amazing in everything-but more important than anything I could possibly rate, Luigi's has heart. It felt like chilling with friends/family more than eating at a restaurant. (Suck it, Olive Garden) All that AND delicious food!Now, they just need to get rid of the styrofoam.
<review# 1822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2009,9/19/2009,273,77,20,21,21>After blessing my Easter basket at the Polish church last Saturday w/the bf, I realized that being in the vicinity of the Longpoint corridor, we had to get tacos!  I wanted him to know that even though he may be a native Texan, I still know more about Houston than he does! Note: I'm pushing 11 years of living in this city, wow.  I lured him by saying that we could scope out the Longpoint fault - this is what happens when a Geologist dates a Geophysicist... Yes, there are a couple faults in Houston and they will wreak havoc upon your foundation, I suggest finding a geological map before buying a house...After snapping some pictures of the fault on my iPhone, we rolled into the gigantic parking lot of the Mexican mecca which is the New Flea Market.  We parked at the very end of the parking lot near two very popular taco trucks, the Refresqueria and El Norteño.  After 2 minutes waiting on our grape flavored "raspa" (snow-cone) my bf remarked:  "I don't feel like I'm in Houston at all... Everyone around us was hablando en espanol and the music varied from merengue/salsa to reggaton, viva Mexico!  The New Flea Market is a big hall filled with row after row after row of booths/shops selling all sorts.  Jewelry, soccer paraphernalia, those really big soft blankets with images of the virgin Mary and cute animals, cds, movies, cowboy hats, cowboy boots (wicked crocodile or rattler snake ones), chickens (yes the live ones), puppies, bracelets with all the saints (I love these!), latina/barely-covering-you-up club-ware (I love the backless, strappy shirts!), lingerie, quinciniera dresses, kitchen appliances (tortilla presses!), cell phones...this place has everything, I kid you not!The last row is a bunch of pseudo-restaurants and we sat down at one that specialized in El Salvadoran grub.  2 tacos and a pupusa - a thick handmade corn tortilla which is filled with either cheese, fried pork rinds, beans or a combo.  My taco with carnitas (braised pork) was heavenly with just the right amount of raw chopped onions, cilantro and meat.  Simple yet delicious!  This was my first encounter with a pupusa and definitely not a casual encounter! It came out piping hot and when I dug in for a piece with my fork the cheese just started oozing out like a...glorious money shot, no seriously the angels sounded their trumpets.  I was dead impressed.  The tables are stocked with two bottles of homemade salsa which I don't think any upscale/popular latin restaurant in town can beat, but beware one bottle will set your tongue on fire!  There's also tubs of curtido with is a typical El Salvadoran type or relish made with pickled cabbage, onions and carrots, kind of like their take on coleslaw!  Enjoy the pictures.  Everyone really should venture out here just for the cultural experience!  On the way out of the market you should pick up an elotes en vaso, corn in a cup!  The bf got worried as he saw me slathering the butter on, with what looks like your standard thick paint brush.  He was probably thinking - "Wonder what she's going to look like if she keeps this up..." *giggle* Add some Parmesan cheese and lime juice/salt and I'm a very happy camper.  I like to think that it makes my boobs grow bigger! ;)
<review# 1823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2009,9/18/2009,115,362,9,14,11>Driving along Heights Blvd., there are quite a few beautiful old houses to admire, but when you come to a front "yard" and porch littered with antiques, turn in. You're at August Antiques.The main house holds all manner of treasure, from old amber and clear glass apothecary bottles, to little pewter statues, paintings, and furniture. The main draw for me, however, is the prodigious collection of old and rare books. In the front room you'll notice the large editions of Dante's Purgatorio and Paradiso which feature engravings and illustrations by Gustave Doré, which are probably the most iconic depictions of Dante's masterpiece alongside those of William Blake. Antique barrister bookcases display old hardcover editions of, if not all classic, certainly unique works which would all look handsome on your shelf at home. I managed to obtain a nice 1870 edition of Shakespeare's works for only $20. I also saw several more Doré illustrated editions of Dante, Milton's Paradise Lost, and a collection of Bible stories. And this is all before you move to the back of the store where you'll find row upon row of leather-bound medical and legal tomes - a great gift for the doctor or lawyer in your life - cloth-bound and hardcover fiction, non-fiction, poetry, history, even gardening books. You really will find nary a paperback in the entire place; the books are there as much for their content as for their aesthetic appeal. There is even a section of miscellaneous books which have only in common their attractive bindings in art deco and mod designs. One of the most interesting sections is the impressive display of religious items, including a full scale confessional. Art and statuary of the saints and Holy Family are there in staggering numbers, as well as crosses and crucifixes, hymnals and missals, and a glass case of antique rosaries. August Antiques also features a garden area and a smaller house which has the more modern and motorized items like mixers and radios and the like. To properly inspect everything, you'd need several hours, and possibly a trail of bread crumbs.In the end, the name August Antiques is doubly apropos: firstly, because the bric-à-brac to be found here does indeed inspire reverence and admiration, and secondly, because without A/C and only a few fans scattered about, it gets awfully warm, especially in the month of August itself. Spend any length of time in the back, and you'll be sweating like a whore in church. Or at least one in that religious section, next to the confessional.
<review# 1824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2009,9/17/2009,113,62,9,14,13>Ack!  I really wanted to give Mink a higher rating.  It's a great place to hang out if u want a low key-eveining.  My drinks were tasty and the barkeep was always attentive even though her friends were at one end of the bar.  There are other reviews that aptly describe The Mink so I won't go into the size and decor of the place.  What you all want to know is why the low rating?  HYGIENE!  First, when I ordered a glass of wine, I noticed that the bartender took the supposedly clean glass and wiped it down wtih a towel.  Hmmm, kind of strange but I didn't give it much thought until later..  As the tab was being settled, I observed the bartender "handwashing" the glassware.  I guess everyone has a different definiton of hand-washed.  In this case, Mink's handwashing consists of a quick dip of the glass in a soapy container, followed by a quick dip into a water conainer to rinse.  Each dip took about 2 seconds.  Yep, that's it. - no sponges/cloths were used in the cleansing process.  WTF?  Dip, dip, place on rack.  Dip, dip, place on rack.  Umm...I wear lip gloss and you need  a sponge to get that off.  I understand if a bar doesn't have a dishwasher but PUH-LEASE!  If you're going to handwash glasses, at least do it properly - don't compromise the health of others.  There are nifty round sponges with a handle made specifically for glass - I suggest they invest in a few.    I was seriously appalled.UPDATE:  I've been informed that many places have a machine in the sink that contains 5 spinning brushes that are the diameter of the glasses and will clean the glasses inside and out.  There are 3 dips:  the 1st in a powered detergent (beer clean), the 2nd is a rinse in clear clean rinse water and the 3rd is in sanitzer water.  I did not have a clear view of the sink so I can't say if there was a brush machine in the sink.  Given the fact that the bartender had to wipe the wine glass before using it, I have my doubts (she was not drying the glass since she would hold the glass up to the light then rewipe).  I can definitely say there was not a 3rd rinse.   Anyhow, if anyone knows anything of The Mink's cleaning process, please let me know.  If they do indeed have a nifty powerbrush machine, I'll be more than happy to amend my rating.  I thought the place had a nice punk vibe and I digged the pink light.@UPDATE 2:  Bumping up the rating to a 4.  I received a nice email from the owner of The Mink in which he described the sanitation process for  Mink, which is similar to what was outlined in the first update.  Yay!  I liked the place so now that my misconception has been set aside, I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,9/16/2009,42,190,32,33,35>As an Englishman in TX I have experienced lots of new flavours and tastes but a Pho 'experience' had eluded me. I had always veered away from trying 'foreign' cuisines after my unfortunate experience with Dim Sum. Trust me, you need to know what you are about to put in your mouth rather than blindly selecting foodstuffs from a passing trolley steered by someone who speaks no English. It was a very sobering moment when I later learnt that some of what I had recently consumed was potentially the intestinal gubbins of some beast I would not normally dine on. Valuable lesson in tow I went forth to Que Huong accompanied by an expert in that cuisine. Que Huong has been lauded as a real Vietnamese eating experience and when you enter you will feel the atmosphere and see the decor to confirm it . I sampled 'Goi Cuon'. This is a rice paper wrapped spring roll containing Shrimp and came with delicious peanut dipping sauce. Then came a huge bowl of Pho Tai with thinly sliced Beef, Spring Onion and Udon Noodles. I was shown how to fold and then trim down the noodles with chopsticks so that they were manageable and also informed that the plate of basil, lime, sprouts and peppers that had arrived was not a 'side salad'. These additional ingredients are for you to add to the bowl of Pho and construct a meal suited to your tastes. Food Leggo. I get it! The taste was amazingly good, comforting and without doubt, different. If I could find a comparable dish to refer to from my native land it would have to be beef consomme although no egg was involved here. The combination of Saigon cinnamon, star anise, charred ginger, and cloves is what makes the Pho taste unique. My Sensei then gave me a quick run down on some key words which you really MUST know to ensure you can navigate the menu. Thom (Shrimp) Bo (Beef) Oc (Snail) *for those with adventurous palates* Ga (Chicken) Heo (Pork) Com (Rice) Bun (Rice Noodles) Sua (Milk) Cam (Oranges) Nuoc (Water) Nuoc cam (Orange juice) Ngon (Sugar) Nuoc ngon (Soda) Bia *no explanation req'd here methinks* So Pho...now I know.....and....I like it...a lot.        *bows to Sensei*
<review# 1826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2009,9/15/2009,119,124,19,17,16>Have you ever hung out in a pub all day long? Let's say 9 am until you don't remember when you left and all you know that it was dark and had been dark for a while? I didn't think it was possible. But apparently it is. What could anyone possibly do at a pub all day long?Let's see....  Watch football (aka soccer), watch rugby, watch car racing (you could watch all three because there's plenty of televisions here), watch men play virtual golf (and I finally learned what golf was all about), watch people from all walks of life come and go (including kids, only during the day though), watch people get drunk (watching the woman who apparently just popped some pills was especially interesting). Watched people play darts. I wished there was a pool table here so I could watch that. There's plenty of space where the dart boards are to place a pool table and plenty of space to relocate the dart boards (if you move the football paraphernalia).   I also got to listen to all kinds of conversations going on around me (while the men played virtual golf). I got to hear about how some teachers were getting screwed at some school - hence her 7th glass of wine. I got to hear about why drunk pill popping woman had to drink and pop pills-apparently she just lost a ton of weight and was now "coping" with it. I got to hear the sad story about a girl who got stood up by a gay guy-apparently she just got stood up by a straight guy but something must be wrong with her if she gets stood up by gay guys too. I also heard a story about how this guy was out shopping all day long to find an outfit to wear for his date that night. Oh yeah and how could I forget about the conversation that went from - 'America is the best place on earth to what kind of woman are you looking for'. There was a conversation a skipped out on simply because it was private...not my place to stick around for that. Damn my phone for the battery dying to keep myself busy. Oh there's always the handy trip to the bathroom.I like the art of observation. It gives me good ideas on what to do but most importantly what not to do.   I'm not a breakfast person really. Cup of coffee will do just fine. But I did have toast and jam. Cup of coffee with free refills for a buck wasn't bad. Shepherd's Pie for lunch. Quite yummy. There's just something about meat and potatoes that's just oh so tasty but when put together with some veggies in a pie? Pure heaven. My dinner? Well that would be the reason why I don't remember what time I left.  Very interesting day indeed. Relaxing.  Interesting conversations with both the ones I observed and the ones I participated in. Would I do an all day pub event again. Definitely. But you could only do this if you're with the right people.
<review# 1827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2009,9/14/2009,133,132,7,9,9>Haha thanks Alex W. for posting this review.  I rarely remember to review non-restaurant places.This is pretty nice to have close by.  It doesn't beat recycling pick-up though.  I think the waitlist for that is longer than the waitlist for proper curbs.It's a pretty nice place, it's great how generous the hours are.  The only thing that slightly irks me and I have to dock a star for is that the bins aren't really logically laid out.  You get the hang of which bins are where after awhile, but it'd be nice if there was a better flow to things or if the bins were more consistently marked.  Maybe they should use a green bin for green glass, brown bin for brown glass, grey bin for aluminum cans... haha, one can wish.
<review# 1828,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/25/2009,9/13/2009,393,766,11,15,10>Third times a charm, right?  Yeah, that's how many times I tried to come to this place only to be rejected each time.  I finally came here with some friends for a birthday and let me just say that 90% of the reason I'd come back  here was because of the service.  The other 10% is the enormous armadillo outside.  I've been pretty disappointed by the Goode company so far with nothing impressing me.  The prices are a bit high, though you do get mountains of fries with your meal.  I went with a burger (as per usual) and. . .meh.  The fries were better than the burger which is never a good sign.  The hubs got a club sandwich which also failed to impress.  Evidently they have quite the music scene here and while he rattled off the list of upcoming bands, I did get excited about a few headliners.There's a pool table off to the side, which according to the drunk guys playing on it was very off.  The decor is really why I'd come back.  It is just so overthetop touristy that  you just have to bring your friends and family.  Especially hoity toity people.  I just love watching people's faces when they realize that the tables are covered in cowhide.  And that there are saddles for bar stools.  So awesome.  That in itself is worth the hassle of going through Rice Village!
<review# 1829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2009,9/11/2009,124,160,7,10,8>My husband and I spent our anniversary at the ZaZa.  We dined at the Monarch restaurant.  The waiter was very attentive.  I am not all that knowledgeable about wines, and when I made my first choice, after telling him the qualities of wine that I do like, he was able to recommend a totally different wine, that was cheaper and he said would suit my tastes better.  I did enjoy it.  Plus, I love that he wasn't just trying to push up his per person average on a more expensive bottle that I may not have been too fond of.  We ordered appetizers (a giant tuna roll essentially) and dinner (Husband = steak, me = scallops) both dinners were skillfully prepared and well presented.  My husbands steak was not all that tasty, but it was an issue with the cut of the beef, not the preparation.  My scallops were delicious.  Our room was fantastic.  I'm pretty sure it was bigger than our house.  It was a corner suite (not one of their themed suites, but really fab nonetheless) with a great view of the Mecom fountain.  The beds linens were high quality and very fluffy.  Oh, and the suite had two bathrooms.  I DON'T HAVE TWO BATHROOMS IN MY HOUSE. (sad, huh?)  Only room complaint...the sofa isn't all that comfortable for zoning out in front of the TV while trying to wait out a hang over,   Yes, the hotel is fancy.  There are lots of pictures of pretentious celebs and the like.  It is dimly lit.  All of those negatives in my book, but excellent attentive service, and quality accommodations make up for the     stuck up facade.
<review# 1830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2009,9/10/2009,73,128,7,11,8>As far as I'm concerned chocolate is a girl's best friend.So...  First things first... I drive all they way from Pasa-get-down-dena into Houston to go to The Chocolate Bar.  So I have plenty of time to try and figure out what I want to order... I do know that what ever it is... It must have chocolate.  When I get there... I am looking at all the chocolate goodness... and it hits me... WHAT AM I GONNA GET?!  My friend is looking at me like... "are you serious... it is really taking you this long to decide?"  I think it took me about 10 minutes to FINALLY pick one dessert.  Come one people... they have a HUGE selection, and this is a very important decision.  So, my choice ended up being the Oreo pie.  I know... not much chocolate... but it looked oh so yummy!  My friend went with the Mississippi Mud pie.We waited and waited for what seemed like hours to get our pies... of course it was probably only a few minutes... but when you are waiting on something like that... it is like waiting on Christmas.  We finally get our pies and I dive in.  OMG!!!  It was like a little slice of heaven.  It was prepared just right.  It tasted even better than it looked.  I had to try my friends Mississippi Mud pie, but it was NO where near as good as mine... so I was happy that I had made the right choice.After we devoured out pies we went to the other side to check out the goodies.  I ended up walking out with something called Texas Fritos Mix.  (Or something like that.)  I am so glad I picked it up because I forgot to make a snack for the super bowl party I was invited to and was able to take that.  It was sooo good that it didn't last very long at all.  The combination of sweet and salty works great together.
<review# 1831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2009,9/9/2009,60,52,3,9,8>I must admit that I was very impressed with the decor. I think my favorite thing was the extra large high backed chairs which were very comfy and gave the table some privacy. Now service wise, this place blowed. We seemed to wait extra long for anything that was brought to us. We agreed that this place seemed to be understaffed because our waiter had tables all the way on the other side of the restaurant. This may be due to the fact that it is fairly new. The waiter forgot my salad but brought it out with my entree free of charge and offered a complimentary dessert which was nice of him. The food was exceptional enough for me to cancel out the bad service and make a return visit. The soup was fantastic! So much flavor and interesting hot/cold combination. The salad was ok. I was a little apprehensive about the pear/ duck combination but I was pleasantly surprised. The dessert was delectable and had excellent presentation so much to the point where I almost felt guilty eating it.  I definitely recommend getting what I ordered (minus the salad) :   Appetizer - Mushroom Soup "Cappucino" Salad - Maytag BlueEntree - Honey Laquered Duck BreastDessert - A Study In Chocolate
<review# 1832,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/29/2009,9/8/2009,77,240,8,10,9>This casual cafe in Discovery Green is not open as often as it should be, i.e. when I want it to be. I was with a friend and her grandkids and after hours of racing round in the water they were peckish, to use a British understatement. It was only just past 1pm but the Lake house closed as we sloshed our way over there. Not clever. On a subsequent visit to watch the Dock dog show I sampled their basil lemonade, it is astonishingly delicious, best lemonade I have ever had, ever, anywhere in the world. I am told the sweet potato fries are equally delish.
<review# 1833,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/12/2009,9/7/2009,89,231,11,14,15>"Happiness? A good cigar, a good meal, a good cigar and a good woman-- or a bad woman; it depends on how much happiness you can handle."-- Attributed to George BurnsMy lovely wife was being bad. When asked how I'd like to celebrate my 50th birthday, I told her I'd like to go to a great restaurant and enjoy a romantic meal with just her. I also specified a few other things, but I would be very bad if I shared them with the viewers of an Internet review site. To help her out yet allow her the opportunity to surprise me a bit, I gave her a list of five restaurants at which I'd like to dine. Max and Julie's was #4 on the list. So why was she being bad? This party girl ignored my request for a dinner for two and invited 11 of our best friends to join us as a surprise at Max and Julie's. It turned out to be a happy occasion.My wife opted for a set menu, but as the birthday boy, I got to choose whatever I wished from the menu. While everyone else had either a salad or French onion soup and a sauteed chicken dish or a peppercorn steak, I chose a crawfish/asparagus bisque and a half Peking duck roasted in lavender and honey. Unfortunately, the Red Bordeaux I drank all evening was the happiest part of the meal.The following merited a sterner countenance:* Despite the assurances they had made to my wife, they failed to deliver appetizers to my waiting surprise guests (at least they didn't charge us for them).* The little room upstairs in which we dined was hot and stuffy, but every time we opened the door to allow a fresh inflow of air, one of the waitstaff closed it (it became an entertaining battle of wills as the evening progressed).* Except for opening and pouring bottles of wine (which directly translates to profit), the waitstaff seemed to find our party invisible for long intervals of time. I know they could hear us because they kept closing the door to our stuffy room.* My bisque consisted solely of puréed asparagus and shellfish. Whilst this lubricated my taste buds in a zesty fashion, it offered nothing meaty or even vegetable to wrap my tongue around. It was a tease that didn't deliver anything substantial.* My duck was tasty but slightly undercooked. It would be a canard to tell you that it really whetted my appetite. When I dine at a fine restaurant, I want meat to melt in my mouth, not exercise my chewing muscles.* The peppercorns overwhelmed the taste of the beef (but this is a prejudice I hold against the recipe in general, not neccesarily Max and Julie's rendition).One of the presents I received from my friends during the meal was a wonderful cigar from a city whose name rhymes with "banana". This prompted me to suggest that we adjourn to Downing Street Pub, so that I could enjoy it. We left in a light-hearted mood and (as I found out later) I left with a significantly lightened wallet. The two were inextricably linked since it appears that the 13 of us managed to empty 14 bottles of wine during the three hours we enjoyed each other's company at Max and Julie's. The cigar was truly outstanding and I drove my lovely wife home with a big smile on my face anticipating a happy ending to a fine evening.If I were to check off George Burn's happiness requirements, this would be my assessment:Great cigar: check.Mediocre meal: check.Bad woman: check!In summary, I was able to handle a lot of happiness that evening. I just wish that Max and Julie's would have made a bigger contribution to it. They have a lot going for them:* Pedigree: It is the sister restaurant of a five-star favorite of mine, Cafe Rabelais, in Rice Village.* Atmosphere: The quaint old house on Montrose behind a beautiful oak is a perfect setting for a fine meal.* Wine: Their all-French wine list is both excellent and affordable.If I'm to be completely happy with this place, they need to make a better impression in the food and service departments.
<review# 1834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2009,9/6/2009,67,173,6,9,8>Is it yogurt? Is it faux-gurt? I'm not entirely sure either way but what it is, is really good. Though it's easy to pass on your way through the Town Center, fans of the frozen yogurt would be wise to stop by and give it a go. They offer a plethora of yogurts in a wall of self-serve machines and thirty or so varieties of toppings from fruit to cheescake. On my first trip, I went the strawberry and topped it off with more strawberries and bits of kiwi. It turned out to be delicious and around $5. Not exactly a bargain, mind you, but a fair price. The young servers were very friendly and helpful and those chairs look awfully comfy as contemporary furniture goes. (Extra points for the feel of clean!)4 stars. Even if I can only handle half a small cup of the yogurty goodness.
<review# 1835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2008,9/5/2009,108,76,3,10,8>vieng thai is the best thai restaurant in houston, hands down.  i really can't believe i haven't reviewed this place yet as it's one of my favorite ethnic spots to eat in the city.  yes, the service is shoddy.  yes, the restaurant is outside the loop in a questionable part of town.  they don't always even bring me what i order, but all of this is sacrifice well taken in my opinion.  the food is absolutely authentic and amazing and i've never had a dud dish here.  i am also reviewing this place having eaten at lotus of siam in vegas which is considered to be the top thai restaurant in the country, and jitlada (southern thai) in LA's thai town, considered to be one of LA's best if not THE best authentic thai by jonathan gold, pulitzer prize winning food critic.  vieng thai easily competes with these restaurants.this is my go-to place for a thai dinner when i'm in town.  it's BYOB and i try to round up at least a table of 3 or 4 to enjoy multiple dishes.  you may have already read my review of asia market inside the loop.  asia market has the best pad kee mao i've ever had and the tom kha gai rivals vieng thai's, but everything else is better here including the variety.get the som tum (papaya salad). amazing stuff and very memorable.  get a soup:  i prefer tom kha w/ coconut milk over tom yum, but both are very good and well balanced.  plaa pad ped- crispy catfish in curry paste with basil is a must have.  then pick a curry. i like the panang or massamum more than the green curry (gang keaw whan).  if you want more, pick a veggie. the chinese broccoli is better here than at any chinese or dim sum restaurant, no joke.  pad grapraow crispy pork is also wonderful.  if you find yourself here by yourself for lunch, try one of the noodle soups.  the boat noodle soup is fantastic.  they claim it is the most popular noodle soup in thailand.  you'll also notice that that is what the thai diners are slurping on.
<review# 1836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2008,9/3/2009,118,142,8,9,10>Strong cheap drinks... great tunes... eclectic crowd... arcade games... and the Kool Aid Man... late night tamalesThese are the things that make Poison Girl one of my new and favorite hang outs. Yes, it may be a little crowded sometimes but you'll never see the popped collar douche bags waiving around their foo-foo beers with a slutty girl wrapped around his finger.  Everyone is friendly, super lax and willing to share a seat or table. It's hard to beat this atmosphere!
<review# 1837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,9/2/2009,156,216,6,9,9>Oh how i need red beans and rice!Oh how I need gumbo!Oh how I need Treebeards :)I was able to also get a slice of butter cake or something of that nature, which was to my surprise very good, but when I go to Treebeards I go for what they are famous for.  Red beans and gumbo!  My only mistake was that I did not get the sausage with the red beans and rice.This place truly is Woohoo!  As good as it gets!  You will see me here againP.S.  I believe it was Ian that made the UYE here, but thank you!!!!
<review# 1838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2009,9/1/2009,419,749,10,13,15>I really like this place, and I LOVE the fact that it's within walking distance of the Boy's apartment.  There are so few places in the East End that are for hanging out and sitting around that don't exclusively feature tacos and tortas on their menu.  Though Bohemeo's does indeed have tacos (guess you just can't escape them), it's primarily a coffee shop that also offers a small selection of beer and wine and a space to chat and play games in a great, up-and-coming Houston community.I guess it's because it's so close I always put it off as something I can do anytime I want, but somehow I never made it over to Bohemeo's until very recently.  Boy and I decided to play a game of UpWords (kind of like 3D Scrabble), since I need to bone up on my wordplay skills, and chose Bohemeo's as our around-the-corner game night spot.  Upon walking in, my impression of this place is that this is what Brasil wants to be, or maybe used to be, before gentrification and yuppies and stuffy customers.  There's definitely a rock and roll, anarchical vibe, that reminded me of Super Happy Fun Land.  That also explains the aloof customer service I experienced from the young servers, which was more "I'm playing coffee shop" than "I'm too cool for you."  It's not malicious, so I'm not really fussed.I had a Shiner and Boy had a PBR, and I decided to try the fish and shrimp tacos.  Billed as a taco served in a corn tortilla with shredded purple cabbage, cilantro and Bohemeo's special cream sauce, I ordered one of each and we set up on the brightly colored patio, where several cats scamper about and hide in the bushes as resident mascots.  The tacos came out in short order and hot, which is always appreciated.  As far as taste goes--I honestly like Berryhill's fish tacos better.  I didn't notice much flavor from the Uber Secret Sauce, and the cabbage dominated the filling.  Not to be deterred, I then ordered one of their pizzas for sharing with the manfriend.  It was again just okay.  Definitely edible but not outstanding, though I'd be willing to give other menu items a try.  The focus, though, was on the gameplay, as we enjoyed one of Houston's limited temperate evenings.The crowd is pretty diverse--older folks, professionals, Hispanic kids, U of H students.  When we were there, there were performances ongoing (as weekends at Bohemeo's often do), which featured a pair of African American sisters and a singer-songwriter whose ditties were written in Spanish.  I thought the entertainment was going to be either annoying or amateurish, but although they're definitely not professionals, it was a lot better than I was expecting.  One of the owners even made an appearance clearing plates off of the tables.  It's clear from her demeanor that she cares a lot about her little shop--she even laughed that she never has a day off because she can't stay away.  It's a true labor of love.As we left Bohemeo's that Sunday night, there was a stand-up comedian suffering through his act.  It was painful, but I'm glad there are low-key places like Bohemeo's that are safe havens for artists just testing the waters for their endeavors.  Though it's not perfect, it has a lot of heart, and I envision myself becoming a fixture here soon enough.
<review# 1839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2009,8/31/2009,53,60,13,17,14>Have to up this place a star after going back a couple more times. The lines are still out the door to get seated and seating capacity limited, but it appears that they have reduced the poor ventilation issue. Also, I have decided that all the other "negatives" mentioned in previous review are not truly negatives as the food is worth the wait and the service is extra friendly for the amount of people anxiously awaiting and fuming over seating. The allure of the place resides in this atmosphere as well since it really feels like some true Karachi-outskirt kabab houses (minus the random goats, chickens, or cats running around your feet ;) Outskirts of Karachi btw best places to get tasty eats in Pakiland where the parathas and naan are made with dripping sweat (literally, but being in America this place is more sanitary thankfully). The place is run by a Pakistani husband and wife combo. Wife is the counter lady who takes orders, coordinates who gets to sit when and where, and provides recommendations, while husband walks around and checks up on people and coordinates the staff behind the counter. Funny part is that the rest of the staff is hispanic (I assume Mexican) and they call out numbers loudly and talk amongst themselves in Spanish. The parathas are still damn good.Also see updated pics taken from celly.
<review# 1840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2009,8/30/2009,103,225,3,16,9>Mercer is the old Uropa, better known as Houston's best hideout club. I remember the days when Uropa wouldn't event publish their address, you just had to know where it was! Well its back and better than ever.  Mercer still oozes seduction and mystery is with its low ceilings and dark candlelit nooks.  The new vip bottle service area right off the dance floor is roomy and inviting.A new room in the back of the club where the "Sinatra room" used to be is now decorated in a beautiful Moroccan theme complete with rich hues of burgundy and gold draperies and pillows.  As my friend said, "this place just makes me want to do bad things!" Legendary DJ Darrell Ripley spins a mix of old school dance and hip hop on Friday nights and another DJ spins on Saturday. The drinks were stiff and not as expensive as other clubs in the Washington corridor.  Door staff was very friendly and gave us a tour of the new space. There is even a large outdoor patio are with a lovely lighted waterfall area.Mercer is still in its soft opening phase so it wasn't very crowed, but  I'm sure things will pick up very soon. One of the best things about Mercer is it still attracts a well heeled crowd in their late 20's and 30's.
<review# 1841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2009,8/29/2009,12,34,8,10,11>Omg Omg the moment I walked in to this store I was squealing like a school girl. This place is Super Kawaii!( Super Cute in Japanese). The store is basically a 100 yen store, or what we would call a Dollar Store. Everything in the store is two dollars, unless it has a colored dot sticker on it.Then the price goes from 2 bucks to 5, with nothing going over. The staff is so nice and inviting, if you have any questions on what this or that might be ask them. If you love everything Japanese like I do, you will love this place. They have the largest selections of Bento, and Bento accessories I have seen in Houston.  They have all the basics, from kitchen, bathroom, and bedroom. I just love it, but be aware that those 2 buck pile up. I spent a good 30 buck on a ton of stuff, and my friend ended up spending 60 bucks on bento stuff alone. (which all would have cost more if ordered on line.) Anyhow you must try this place out, you will fall in love, I already made plans for future trips. Won't you join me one day!
<review# 1842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2009,8/28/2009,44,128,7,9,9>The new Inversion Coffee is thrilling, because it means there is finally a non-Starbucks caffeination option in walking distance of my downtown office. I know this is going against Houston code, but I actually like walking. I'm sure I'll change my mind in a couple weeks when the temperature starts mimicking the ninth layer of hell, but for a gal who works in a windowless office, a sunny midday jaunt in search of a latte is a necessity. Inversion is located inside the library near the computer terminals. The staff at the downtown location is great and extremely friendly and take note -- if you're a library card member, you get 10% off every purchase. There's also a variety of food options: kolaches, croissants, candy and various selections from My Fit Foods. Also, there is a walk-up window, since Inversion is open on the weekdays two hours before the library opens, or if you're on the go and don't want to go in, but why wouldn't you - the newly remodeled library is beautiful! My daily trip is always the highlight of my morning/mid-afternoon.
<review# 1843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2009,8/27/2009,251,713,20,20,20>"Scene 300, Take 3."  Scene marker slams shut.  Cue lights.  Cue sound.  "Aaaaannnnnnnndddddd   ACTION!!!"  A fairly young lady slams on the brakes of her rental car as it slides sideways, almost perfectly, into an empty parking spot.  Her car CD player blares "Live and Let Die."  As she opens her door (which subsequently hits the car next to her), she quickly looks around.  Both for Jaws (evile henchman who ran her real car off the road days earlier) and the owner of the other car.  Coast being clear, she walks to the oasis of Bohemia, cleverly named Boheme.  A little wine bar nestled in the heart of Montrose.  Turning the corner, she trips..."CUT!!!"  "AGAIN.  From the top!"An amazingly awesome, mostly young lady thinks she spots a stalker (Jaws?), ignores her director, and immediately dashes into a Bohemian-esque wine bar named Boheme.  "End scene...and wrap.  Head to bar and blend."I love the eclectic-ness of Boheme.  The tables, chairs, mirrors, stools, lamps, wine bottle sculptures, hanging stained glass windows, shelves, and other decor don't match each other.  Well, they do in style, but not in any frou frou sort of way.  I doubt there are a "pair of chairs."  It's refinished and polished junkyard chic.  I almost wish the bar ware didn't match, either, but I suppose there needs to be some sort of standardization.I've been here several times.  In fact, it was the site of my first OYE (Official Yelp Event for you plebeians).  I've also been here several times since, usually to meet large groups of people.  We never hang out in the same area, yet we always have more than enough room to accommodate upwards of ten people.  I've only recently discovered the back and side patios.  It's a hodgepodge of wonderfully mismatched chairs, tables, fans, and statues.  Very "grownup children's fairytale."  When the temperature plummets back down into the 80s, perhaps this would be even more enjoyable.  The fans get rid of stagnant air, but it's still a bit balmy back there.Happy hour lasts from 4-7 and offers frozen mojitos with mottled mint and decent house wine (to name a few drinks) for $4 a pop.  I believe they change their wine list, because I believe on my last trip here, I had a Torrentes...which they no longer offer.  The sweetish tart chilled white would have been perfect to counteract the 100+ temperature outside.  They also have a modest kitchen that provides simple appetizers.  One point of concern for the group this go round, was parking.  It has never been a problem for me, parking.  There's plenty on the streets surrounding, despite being across the street from Ziggy's, and up the street from a slew of other bars.(err...if my intro makes no sense, I refer you to my previous review #299: yelp.com/biz/yelp-elite- )
<review# 1844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2008,8/26/2009,54,200,5,7,9>These guys are the real deal, legit.  I don't have a car so I don't get of the Montrose area often, but I'm more than happy to vouch for these guys the couple times I've visited.  I am a reader with a ride range of interests and unlike other bookstores, I've been pleasantly surprised by the amount of quality authors they have throughout all their sections.Futhermore, unlike 1/2 price books, they actually pay you good money for the book they take in even though they manage to keep competitive in terms of price.  (I mean, 1/2 price is still a little cheaper, but you have to wade through so much more crap and the service staff doesn't know their stock nearly as well as the owners of Kaboom)Its also worked out that I've met both the partners in the husband and wife team that own these stores and they are very talkative, personable folks -- definitely say hello.  I believe they have also opened another store on Studewood (not the same as their original location) -- this one without any books written by authors who's names starts in "P" in honor of Perec.
<review# 1845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2009,8/25/2009,94,117,13,16,16>The Galleria of Gardening.  The Champs-Élysées of Chrysanthemums.  I can think of no other nursery whereupon I wanted to stay for hours upon hours, soaking in the sheer horticultural wonder that was.  To say that I was blown away by the sheer volume of items available would be an understatement.  From the moment of entry, whereupon you saw the standard St. Francis statues to the towering Tiki Man statue face, your eyes will communicate to your brain that you are about to enter a shopping experience unlike any other and to open up your wallet because, quite frankly, you will be staying here for a very, very long while. I came simply to take a look, since my close friend Nancy of Friendswood bugged me to no end to venture outside the 610 Loop and give the place a try (I have been planning to grow grapes, and I needed some expert assistance).  Let me say this, I will come back here again.  And again.  And again.  What I figured to be a five minute stay tops turned into a two hour wander-thon whereupon I learned more about what I would need to start my projects (they had a guy there who just does vine plants along with citrus trees) and I felt confident that after I built my set-up, this would be my only stop. The variety of gardening statues, clay pots, freaky-deaky African garden masks and wind chimes the size of pipe organs (I mean that in the literal sense, with no bull, the chimes had pipes easily four feet to six feet long and hanging by rope from an oak tree) blew my mind - but not before a full blitzkreig assault on the senses.The sheer volume of colors, scents, fragrance, the sounds of the water running through all the fountains combined to put you at ease.  Gone was the stress of work.  Gone was any thought of traffic on Westheimer or the stupid train blocking your way on Richmond.  You are instantly transported to a nursery that boasts every herb known to man, every pepper plant that sets fire to your palate, every citrus tree from which you love to get fruit.  They even have corn - yes - corn, ready to plant and sprouting ears.  That shocked the living daylights out of me.Suffice it to say, my mission to seek to know when the next set of grape varietals would be in led me to the owner who actually walks the grounds, interacts with customers, and has open letter to you on the website.  I found out he was a fellow Fightin' Texas Aggie Class of '73, and that made me feel even more at home.  If you want a master horticulturist, then hell yes they come from the nation's leading agricultural and horticultural university.  Sort of makes sense.  His touch of customer service was comforting, and he and his family live on the premises (yes, the grounds are that big) so, yeah, he knows his inventory all right.After talking with him and knowing I needed to wait a few weeks, I checked out some items for my buddy Irfan S. who called me right after I spoke with the owner - specifically, bamboo plants.  I thought to myself, "yeah right, if they have that then I am freaking Jewish."Well, call me Gilbert Steinberg, grab me a yamaka, and get me a private medical practice and a bagel.  They had more than bamboo plants, they had at least five (that I counted) different varieties of bamboo.  From the standard landscape bounding style of the Punting Pole bamboo to the invasive hedge bamboo.  Exiting the bamboo area after determining what Irfan needed for his house, I found mango tree saplings and pomengranate saplings.  I was shocked, happy, and after seeing them, I saw about two dozen varieties of lime trees.  It was a horticultural delight, to say the least.  Walking back through the main reception building, I found everything the gardener - amateur to pro - needs in the various tools and products of the trade.  I was happy to see that the shopping cart of choice being wheeled around was the old standard red Radio Flyer Wagon. Having eighteen hours of horticulture under my belt and six of agricultural management I thought I had seen some pretty darn impressive set-ups.  No matter if you are an experienced green-thumber or just starting to learn the ropes of the viticultural or horticultural arts, you will be welcomed, guided, and provided with the expertise, tools, and supplies you need to make your projects - from herbs to full rose gardens - come out spectacular.  If you have been a hankerin' to do some prunin', take the trek down to Maas Nursery now and get your green thumb on.
<review# 1846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2009,8/24/2009,120,129,6,11,8>Yay!  I love this place!  I'm glad to dedicate my 100th review to this place.  I've loved it ever since I frequented the chain in Austin, but to find one conveniently located near my office??  GASP!  I love how clean it was, and how friendly the staff is.  The girl at the ticket counter offered me student pricing even though I haven't been a student for almost 2 years!  Luckily I carry around my old ID just for this purpose and was able to gain admission for a lower price.  I can't honestly say that I remember eating the food because at previous visits I was nicely liquored up (which is a plus), but I was out with some co-workers so we kept the drinking a little tame (btw, I love how they have so many beers on tap!  It greatly appeases this beer-drinking gal.)  I remembered the fried pickles were a sure bet, and of course, it was no different.  This time, we shared some delicious pizzas four our entrees -- the "Blazing Saddles" BBQ with Stubb's BBQ sauce (oh, Austin nostalgia!) and the "Wild at Artichoke Hearts."  I remembered trying some unique dishes at Menu of Menus last year at HMNS and couldn't believe how gourmet everything tasted...once again, AD proved its worth!  Of course, you gotta love the strange and quirky film clips they show beforehand...it's very in-tune with the "Keep Austin Weird" theme.  I'm glad to have a little taste of that here in the suburbia that is Katy, Texas. I'm looking forward to our next get-together here after work!!!
<review# 1847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2009,8/23/2009,50,19,16,29,20>My GF bought us a tour today with Segway Tours of Houston. It wasn't cheap to book, and seeing as how I'd just blew a huge amount of cash on new gear for my business, I was skeptical on whether it was worth it or not. I figured riding a Segway would be cool and everything, but I live downtown...I don't wanna pay for a "tour"...and I figured the whole Segway thing would get old.Boy was I wrong. It was a blast, and the tour guy was awesome. I've lived downtown for a few years, and we've walked around here quite a bit. But we took the Segway Buffalo Bayou option tour, and saw all sorts of areas I've failed to venture in my time here. And our tour guide knew plenty of facts that I was not aware of about Houston, or had simply forgot over the years. Buffalo Bayou is beautiful now...with all of the improvements the city has done...I had no idea. And there is absolutely no better way to check it out than on a Segway. He took us along the Bayou, and along the all the areas in front of the entertainment halls. Riding a Segway? Wow, what a trip. He shows you the essentials, and then you jump on a Segway to get some practice in a parking lot before taking off Downtown. It's exactly what I didn't think it could possibly be...just like you've seen them on TV. AMAZING. The less you think about what you're doing...the easier it is. It's kinda like being Superman...you just kinda point yourself in the direction you wanna go...and you go there. You quickly forget that you're balanced on just two wheels, and you just point yourself in the direction you wanna go. When stopped to look/listen to stuff about Houston...or waiting at stoplights, you'll find yourself doing 360 degree turns in one spot without realizing it...it's very natural. These things are unreal!Don't be scared...you don't need to be a daredevil or anything. If you can manage a shopping cart through the River Oaks Kroger during rush hour, you can rule on a Segway. My GF's model had huge Jeep tires on it and she was riding circles around me...I could hardly keep up!He also gives you a few opportunities to take off by yourselves for a few minutes at a time to cruise around...then get back to the tour. You can rent them without the tour, but I wouldn't suggest it without doing the tour first. My grandma could ride a Segway, but it helps to have a pro to show you how first.And again, the guide even taught me a few things about the downtown Houston that I live in, and was beyond nice.We did the 6:30PM tour since it's August and it's really hot, but didn't hardly break a sweat since much of the Buffalo Bayou tour is in the shade. Plus, we easily found street parking directly across from his Segway truck, for free (no meters on some streets after 6:00pm), so afterwards we walked over to one of our usuals...Cabo's...for some beer and boiled shrimp...then to the Brewery Tap for a pint...then cruised home before the crazy downtown nightlife picked up.If you can swing the cash...DO IT! Just like my GF said, it cost about as much as our tab for two glasses of wine at MAX's Wine Dive...and for it we have a great memory instead of just a bad experience at an overpriced wine bar. ;)
<review# 1848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,8/22/2009,134,149,3,8,8>Yes, I am a sucker for nostalgia and Southland Hardware brings it back strong.  This is a hardware store like hardware stores used to be before Home Depot hired all the teenagers to be clerks and Ace put everything in neat little plastic packages that all cost a couple of bucks.  Southland has bins and bins of you name it.  Want a key ring, they have a whole well stocked board of rings in different sizes as well as racks of fancier fobs that hook, come apart, retract and pretty much do anything else you want.  Place looks like it started as a country hardware store back when Westheimer was still rural and has not changed much since.  And it is such a pleasure to be able to get real advice from a clerk.  Also nice to have a convenient parking lot close to the entrance and a compact enough store that you can get in, find what you want and get out without hiking a mile, which I have definitely done at some of the big box stores.
<review# 1849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2009,8/21/2009,165,170,9,8,9>LET'S GO RUDY'S! LET'S GO! Rudy's BBQ fans can attest that this location will not disappoint. Having been to 6 Rudy's BBQ, including the first original location in good ol' SA, I consider myself a Rudy's connoisseur. When driving up to all Rudy's slash convenient store slash gas station, the smoke stacks of BBQ can be smelled from the parking lot. The procedure of ordering is straight forward here, fall in line, pick a bottle of pop or a cold brewsky and get ready to order your meat by the pound! I usually get the moist brisket, sausage, baby back ribs and pork loin...all very delish. If you are not sure what you want the staff will usually let you sample any piece of meat. My side choice is of course what everybody likes, the cream corn. They place your glutinous meal on a soda crate lined with butcher paper, how Texan is that! Then you park your rump-ster on a community picnic bench and dig in. The BBQ is good on its own, but I can drink the Rudy's sauce by the gallon. So I usually load up on that puppy. This place is great to take out of town guest, who are virgins to Texas BBQ. A great way to spend a summer afternoon and a great place to stuff your face!
<review# 1850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2009,8/20/2009,265,191,14,19,16>When my day is incredibly stressful, I do one of two things: 1. spend countless of hours de-stressing at the gym or 2. Eat copious amounts of Japanese food. My day started with my pager going off in the wee hours of the morning before I even reached work, and so I knew I would require both interventions.So after kicking my own ass at the gym, I busted out my trusty Blackberry looking for a fellow sushi-monster-partner to eat with me. Luckily, I found someone that was roaming around the area and we settled on eating at Aka. I've been to Aka several times now, and I can now make an appropriate list of favorites from their happy hour menu, as well as new things I discovered in their regular menu.Happy Hour hits:1. Spicy Basil Wings: 4-5 pieces of chicken wings in a sweet and spicy marinade, cooked with basil. 2. Shisho Haraage Age: Ok, I'm sure I misspelled this one, but it's basically tiger prawns wrapped in shiso leaves and cooked in light tempura batter. 3. Rockstar shrimp something or the other: Basically the same preparation as the Chinese shrimp w/ mayo/nuts minus the nuts. Except at Aka, it's prepared with smaller shrimp. Still good!4. Veggie Tempura and Shrimp Tempura: In the simple words of Rachel Ray, Yum-o!Miss:1. Hamachi Kama: It's incredibly tiny here (see pic). What is this? A center for ants?!?! Seriously!!! At other Japanese restaurants, the yellowtail collar had lots of fish meat on it. We must've gotten a fish on a diet or something. Sooo disappointed, as it's one of my favorite things to order lately.New discoveries:1. Ramen: They have tonkatsu (pork) vs. shoyu (soy based) ramen! Wow! Must try this next time to test the resto's authenticity and to compare to the ramen houses in the bigger cities.2. Yakitori: Didn't even know they had grilled skewer offerings here, but alas, a few pages into the menu and there's a listing of about 10 items. I've yet to conquer the entire menu here at Aka, but I sure will try more of the regular menu items the next go around!
<review# 1851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2009,8/19/2009,40,93,12,13,13>Once I got passed the sketch-fest neighborhood and the not as friendly as Breakfast Klub service I came to realize that the food was delicious. Tasty to the point I had to put my napkin over my plate so I would stop picking at it, yet that did not keep me from eating my boyfriend's rice at that point. As this was my first time having Jamaican food the following is my very novice opinion. I started with homemade lemonade and we split a Beef Patty. The lemonade was pure sugar, so sweet but came in handy to cool off my mouth when I got a hold of the Calypso Hot Sauce. I learned Jamaican Beef Patty = Cajun Meat Pie. I love meat pies, so I was pretty pleased with that breakthrough. I ordered the Garlic Shrimp over white rice with peppers and mixed veggies. The boy got the Jerk Chicken with red beans and rice. My dish was wonderful. The rice mixed with the garlic sauce was so delicious that I left half my shrimp on my plate and ate mostly the rice. Another thing I learned is that I am too much of a pansy for Jerk Chicken. Once I used my sugar water to put the fires of hell out of my mouth, I decided the flavor was great, but it was just too much for me. The red beans and rice are reason alone to return here. Although the neighborhood completely turned me off at first. I have stewed on it and the food was just too good to be deterred.
<review# 1852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2009,8/17/2009,15,18,9,12,12>Since I am not of age I am having to write from a underage perspective, but my mom did take me here during happy hour where she sipped on a glass of wine and me on water. I think the idea of the small samples of food is a great idea. For those of us who cannot be entertained by the small buzz in our head, but only by the flavor in our mouth, I felt as though it was very tasty. Also for Saturday mornings, this is a great place to come for the farmers market. It's very hard to find great coffee, but  with their ice coffee I always seemed to find myself going back for seconds. It was very convenient when I was living at Ventana with my parents, before I went off to school, because it was just a quick stroll down Main to Travis. While it can be a little bit crowded, the workers are very accommodating.
<review# 1853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2009,8/16/2009,76,67,6,6,7>Ahhh....the healing properties of Pho!  If you're either hungry, hungover, or terminally ill...Pho will always make things better!  Now I have eaten Pho all over town and this is my best pick for a delicious, brothy bowl of ambrosia.Not only is it the best, but it's a lot more reasonable then some places that charge 8-10$ for a large bowl!  That just goes against the whole Pho creed in my opinion. Here its $5.65 for a large!It's raining outside today...and the Pho craving is hitting pretty hard...
<review# 1854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2009,8/15/2009,48,113,4,6,4>Truffles, truffles, carbs, truffles, eggs, truffles, cheeeeese!!One of my friends has been talking about Dolce Vita's truffled egg toast for MONTHS now...so I thought that I should taste it for myself since I clearly enjoy a truffle or two...or just it's oil...whatever.  The toast was fantastic and lived up to her hype.  A large cubed toast, with a hollowed out center creating the perfect nest for an egg...drizzled in truffle oil and topped with shaved truffles.  Perfecto!  I could've just had THAT for my entree....or maybe two.  The pumpkin and goat cheese apps were also quite delicious...the flavors complemented each other nicely and had my palate ready for the Taleggio Pizza experience.  I saw the description: Taleggio, arugula, pears.....do you really neeeeed anything else?  It was decadent!  The stinky cheese, with the sweet pears and the spicy arugula had my taste buds going wild.  We were both sad when the last peice had to be taken away because we were both too full to finish it off.  Why the four stars then?  Valet parking and sub par service.  We had to ask for bread twice, only to have to wait for it to come out with the apps.  As far as valet goes...it was 4:30 and the lot was empty, I can't stand that about Houston....
<review# 1855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2009,8/14/2009,51,137,4,12,8>I'm a bit surprised to see the broad range of reviews for Houston Barbecue.  I actually love the place.  I just finished off a half pound of brisket, a side of ranch style beans, and two pieces of fresh white bread.  Say it with me "food coma".  My hair even smells a bit like BBQ now, but they don't charge for that.  I like the feel of this place.  It's all wood on the inside.  Wooden walls, wooden tables and chairs, wooden bar - very rustic.  I also love how there's a million different types of chairs.  It's charming.   So you walk in and head straight to the line.  One nice fella will dish up any sides you like - cole slaw, tater salad, beans, etc., and another nice fella will carve up your meat - brisket, sausage, chicken, etc.  The guy carving the meat today was super nice.  You could tell he meant it when he said "thank yall for coming in".  You pay by the pound here, and all the food I had plus a half chicken for the hubby cost $15 total.  Not a bad deal considering we split everything and left completely stuffed.The brisket is tender and juicy, and has a great smoky flavor.  Topped with a bit of their BBQ sauce it's hard to beat.  As Charlie T. pointed out the BBQ sauce is more spicy than sweet - just like I like it.  The ranch style beans were good, but not my favorite, and the chicken is fantastic.  They smoke their birds, so the skin is nice and crispy and that smoky flavor goes all through to the bone.  Delish!  Overall - great BBQ in the Energy Corridor, and possibly my favorite BBQ in Houston.  Go get some!
<review# 1856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2009,8/13/2009,219,206,8,9,9>Hell to the yes. I came here after looking at Danielle S' wi-fi list, and this being the top pick, figured I'd go and check it out. So glad I did! I have to completely agree with Farrah that the staff is the nicest you will find at any coffee shop in H-town. I was beginning to think that in order to work at these Coffee shops you had to be either hipster, emo, bohemian elitist, aloof or all of the above. The atmosphere is most pleasant and relaxing. Nearly ceiling to floor windows opens the place up and adds to the down to earth feel of it all. The furniture is simple and mid-century modern. Lots of two person tables so you don't take up too much room if you are solo. I noticed they had plenty of games for those who wanted to partake. I got a mocha latte with almond milk. Kudos to them for even having almond milk, because I personally think soy milk tastes like ass. There was also a nice seating area outside, in fact all of the seating in this place is very welcoming. By and by this place appears to be a great spot to get some work done, philosophize over tea, or even to grab a drink with a friend.
<review# 1857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2009,8/11/2009,31,35,11,7,4>The other day, I innocently stopped at the famous shack under Westpark and accidentally damned myself to an eternity of getting poked with the devil's pointy pitchfork. It turns out, a delicious Bubba's buffalo cheseburger w/ bacon, smoky jalapenos & all the fixings violates not one, not two, but at least FIVE of the seven deadly sins, and that's like.. over 90% of them. Review the stages with me:Envy (casting hungry eyes on another man's burger)Greed (then you want it, like real bad)Pride (then you get a shiny new one all for yourself)Gluttony (om nom nom nom)Sloth (burger-induced laziness and general euphoria)And there you are, a one-way ticket to the big lake of fire. I guess you could even add lust to that list, if burgers happen to be your thing. What?Eternal writhing and gnashing of teeth? It's worth it. Go get some Bubba's and I'll see y'all in the fiery pits.
<review# 1858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2009,8/10/2009,90,255,7,11,9>On a hot summer day like today, it's only natural that you seek out the one thing that will cool you down and give you some relief from the Texas sun: ice cream.Hank's is an oasis in the middle of the concrete jungle that is Main St.  It's right by Mama's Oven, which is what seems to be a killer soul food place...Hank's doesn't serve soul food, but it sure has soul.  The servers are as sweet as what they scoop, and they treat you like you're one of the family.As for the ice cream, well, it's indescribable.  Yep, it's full fat, but it's also full flavor.  The cookies n' cream is so chocked full of Oreos that you get one in every bite!  Flavors change weekly and sometimes daily, and the lovely ladies behind the counter will give you free samples to find your favorite.  Each flavor I tried was unbelievably rich, had perfect texture, and tasted like the actual item it claimed to be (banana pudding tasted like banana pudding).The only drawback to Hank's is that it's so dangerously close to my work.  I might just develop a $3 a day ice cream addiction!
<review# 1859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2009,8/9/2009,305,161,12,21,17>Something on 43rd Street has been amiss. The grumblings began more than a year ago. Crazy things were about to happen it was said. BIG THINGS. How big? WINE BAR BIG! Here, in the sleepy wooded confines of the Greater Garden Oaks/ Oak Forest /Candlelight Park/ Shepherd Forest Autonomous Collective, we've been led to believe a new watering hole would come to finally give some respite from reality in the form of cheap, plentiful wine. In the course of the last year and change, these rumors developed legs. A sign went in the window of a nearby shopping center "Coming Fall of 2008" it promised. A promise that teased the frightfully sober and anxious residents. Months ticked by. Summer's august dimmed to Autumn's twilight. Winter spawned a young Spring; Summer of 2009 lay shortly ahead. And still.....still we waited with more questions than answers: Wine Bar? Where? Ella & 43rd? The new shopping center? Name? Plonk. Plonk? Plonk....... Plonk Plonk Like a drop in an empty bucket, it falls off the tongue. Not a name that has been met with much regard, but nomenclature that we should all be familiar with all the same. You see, Plonk is slang for "cheap wine," and in trying times such as these, who can't get behind that concept? So this past week I find myself at a preview party for the upcoming opening. A reward for the months off patient abiding; months of drive bys and peering through the windows like children in search of Mom's Christmas stash. So with great joy I read the email that said it was almost over.  We'd all made it and the end was nigh. When I walked in the door that afternoon, I knew it had been worth the wait.High ceilings, with lots of natural light defines the space. A small patio greets you by the entrance, then it has a couple of seating areas in the front room which leads you into a larger, open room with the bar. I'm guessing that a lot of the fine tuning remains to be done with the decorating because "sparse" is the word that would come to mind. The main feature is the bar, the long curve of its marble top takes up nearly the length of the room. I got a tour of the taproom and the kitchen, which wasn't set-up with the exception of one kick ass pizza oven. With such a large kitchen and cooler, it looks like they are putting a heavy emphasis on food. That's something to get excited about in these here parts. It's a little hard to write an accurate review with a limited selection of beers, wine, and no food being served. That being said, I had a damn good time. There was a great crowd and the staff was friendly and excited. I didn't see much in the way of "plonk" on the limited menu, but my guest somehow fell in love with the cheapest glass offered anyway. Too bad I saw someone pulling on a Session (not on the menu) and started firing off those 11oz bullets into my tab like Anthony H @ the firing range. In my humble o-pine, Plonk could be the the biggest hit in the 77018 since the VFW got that fighter jet. Here's hoping that this bird is just about take off.
<review# 1860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2009,8/8/2009,21,109,19,16,15>Do you use at least one bottle of gel/hair spray to get your hair spiked just right? Do all your accessories have skulls, metal spikes/brads, or chains?Are you pierced in more than three VISIBLE places on your body? Is it hard for you to decide to get a new tattoo because you can't figure out how to fit it between all the other tattoos?If you answered yes to any of those or want to see people who answered yes to ALL those questions, then Trash Bar Texas is the place for you!The Trash Bar is a fairly new bar that has live Punk music lined up for every weekend.  They opened in July, but seem to have gotten their liquor license worked out, though they did have free keg beer till 10 pm when I went (not sure if this will continue).  At this point, they are selling beer and wine (highest price $3), don't know if hard liquor is in the works.  The place is small, but there's plenty of room for punk rockers to thrash around.  There are a few couches and seating areas, but mostly its an open room with a stage for the band at one end.  This is a dirty rock club, so don't expect anything more.  Go ahead and give the Trah Bar a try, the worst that could happen to you is that someone's boot hits you in the eye and you get a concussion (actually it was pretty tame when I went, hopefully they get a more rowdy crowd on other nights).One final note, if you're like me and have gotten used to the clean air in Houston clubs, be ready for some second hand smoke since Humble is not a fascist community and allows smoking in bars.
<review# 1861,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/21/2009,8/7/2009,211,151,12,19,12>For the grace of God, I do not know how I even got into Ei8ht. Being Asian, we are often denied at all the popular clubs. But somehow I was extremely lucky this past Saturday night. I heard from a lot of people that if you want to get into Ei8ht, you better get there EARLY (before 10pm) and be prepared for chaos (i.e. no line or queue, just people standing in a mob trying to get in). So I tried to come with low expectations so I wouldn't be disappointed if I didn't get in. Well, due to a massive food coma, I didn't end up getting to Ei8ht until almost 11:30pm! Luckily, our friends got in line at 11pm and we joined them. There was a line (albeit looooong) and it was not chaotic or Miami style. The bouncers were not dicks about letting you in. You just had to be patient. So in total, our group of 7 waited 30 minutes to get in.When the bouncers tell you "we need to wait for more people to leave before letting you in," he actually means it. When we got in, the club was PACKED. There are multiple bars around the venue so we did not have to wait long for drinks. However, it's hard to walk around the club itself because it's so packed. There is a rooftop deck, an outdoor patio, a sports bar area, and then a dance floor / club area. A standard mixed drink runs about $8-10... a little pricey but not outrageous. The music is a lot of top 40 and hip hop but it's been trance-ified. Yeah, they take a perfectly good song you hear on the radio and add a techno beat in the background. I don't love the music entirely because of that but it's better than what Red Door does to their music.Parking is tough around here. I'm not going to say it sucks because I'm not going to complain about parking when obviously it's not Ei8ht's fault. This Washington area just suddenly became a hotspot to party at and the area is just extremely limited on parking options. Be smart and patient and you will find something though. The crowd is a standard yuppie demographic. Lots of ex frat boys and girls with fake tans. Just a note, bottle service runs from $200-450.I think this is a fun place to celebrate a birthday or bachelorette party. But for a regular night out, it's too much stress trying to get there early to get in and way too packed.
<review# 1862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2009,8/6/2009,10,28,6,15,14>This is the Amy's Ice Cream of Hot Dogs.  Hot dogs with goat cheese? Fried with bacon? With guacomole? They got it.  For a town that eats so much meat, it's strange that a place like this (think Pink's in LA) hasn't opened sooner.  They also serve burgers but you can get a burger anywhere, which isn't true of a hot dog in this town.It opened about a month ago in the old Dharma Cafe space on Nance near the Last Concert Cafe.  Not a place you are likely to be often, but since they are open until 7pm, could be your new answer to the perpetual question of where to eat for cheap before downtown theater/music/sporting events.This place is prime yelp material.  Independent/hip ownership, good music (the Who during lunch today), out of the way location, serving classed-up low-brow food, cheap prices.  People need to get on this.
<review# 1863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2009,8/5/2009,556,161,18,14,12>Imagine this... crawfish drenched and dripping in the most delicious, spicy, savory, garlicky sauce, swimming with chunks of garlic... this is The Boiling Crab. Aughhh drool....The way you order is different than all the other places I've been to.You pick a heat (mild, medium, spicy, XX)and then pick a flavor (lemon+pepper, garlick+butter, cajun, or "the Whole Shabang)--- the Whole Shabang being all 3 put together.MY ORDER: I ordered 4 lb of crawfish the Whole Shabang-Mild. Trust me... when they say MILD, they mean spicy... I normally order my crawfish spicy, but this had me covered in a crawfish-sweat. I also ordered the Cajun fries, as suggested by other Yelpers, extra corn, and extra 'tatoes.THE VERDICT: The fries arrived to the table hot, and DELICIOUS! Dashed with cajun seasoning. They are not your normal french fries. Just order them.    Now... the crawfish. Oh my God. When the heaping bag of crawfish landed on our table I inhaled deeply to take in the garlic fumes. My first thought when I grabbed a crawfish was, "HOLY CRAPOLA, he must be the king of them all!!!" But I kept getting huge crawfish, saying "Yoink!" each time I found one. They were so big I made my boyfriend stop what he was doing to look at my huge crawfish. I only suck the heads if the crawfish truly deserve it, otherwise I remove the top part of the head to get all the fat and meat. This is the one and ONLY time I have ever sucked the heads. I also licked the abdomen clean. The spices they put are so delicious that I found myself dipping the corn, potatoes, and my face, into the sauce. I nearly sucked the chunks of garlic out of the bag with a straw. *** Make sure to use the condiments they give you. You will never eat crawfish with just butter again! Squeeze 4 - 6 limes into the salt+pepper. I also add a little cajun seasoning. Then in a separate container of butter I squeeze in 2 or 3 limes and add a lot of cajun seasoning.  I was very skeptical and thought this place would be overrated. I love crawfish and eat it as often and as much as possible. I've been to Crawfish & Beignets in Hong Kong Mall, Ragin Cajun, Crazy Cajun, Pappadeaux, Woodrows, and a few other petty places not worth mentioning. This is my favorite BY FAR. I'm the first person to admit I'm a cheapskate, but I don't mind paying the 5.99/lb for these suckers.*A SIDE NOTE - IMPORTANT* I want to warn you about a waitress: She's a young Asian-American girl (about 5'4), and she has some sort of attitude. We sat down in a booth and she threw the menus down on our table and rudely said, "You ready to order?" I told her what drinks we wanted and she goes, "Okay, so are you ready to order, or what?" I was thinking "Bring our effing drinks then maybe we'll be able to order..." She visited our table a total of ONE times... and that was to bring the drinks. She should be fired. Don't let this sway you though, just give her the bird, and get your crawfish.
<review# 1864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2009,8/4/2009,138,127,9,14,14>Holy MOLY. It's been at least twelve hours since I ate here, and I am still fantasizing over our dinner. Ignacio Soraiano, I hereby declare your restaurant to be the BEST Italian fare in the Heights (and possibly all of Houston.)It's a modest and quaint restaurant, all painted in warm hues. There are about 15 tables and a few booths. It's BYOB and they provide you with a chilling container if you happen to bring a white or a sparkling wine. The best part is that there is absolutely NO CORK FEE. I saw a few families, but please people, only well-behaved children because the restaurant is SMALL....They brought out bread and olive oil that had fresh garlic, rosemary and crushed red pepper flakes. It was so delicious and light with a hint of spicyness. For appetizers we got a yummy ceasar salad and a simple and stunningly delicate bruschetta. For entrees, the mister had the Temptation Carbonara - a classic dish served with a raw egg yolk on the half shell. I had the Involtino, a spinach, mozzerella stuffed chicken dish with a mushroom cream sauce, served with sauteed veggies and quite possibly the best garlic mashed potatoes I'd ever eaten.Want more? We did. For dessert, we opted for tiramisu. I've had NONE better. It is a caramel and brandy soaked delight, topped with cocoa sprinkles. I cannot describe the feeling I got when eating this because it might be NSFW....All in all, an amazing meal, right?Then we got the bill. Two apps, two entrees, no cork fee and two desserts?Total bill cames to $56, when we were prepared to spend about $100+ given the quality of the food. Sweet Temptations, you've won my heart for good. I can't wait to see you again, my Sweet (temptation).Insiders Tip:Reservations recommended during peak hours since the place will very soon be overrun with clients!Apps run $5 - $9Entrees run $9 - $16Desserts $5No cork fee= you have enough for a nice bottle of wine, and leave a good tip!
<review# 1865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2009,8/3/2009,196,278,5,13,8>We'd observed a new place going in along I-45 across from the the Woodlands Mall.  It was named Ambience... and we had no idea what it was.  One Saturday we ventured in, and discovered a new, family-run restaurant and lounge.Upon entering, we found a lovely setting.  Dark yet inviting, the interior was totally redone from the location's previous incarnation.  As you enter, on the right is a large lounge area, with lots of leather seating and a full-service bar.Further back is the dining room.  We were seated promptly, and soaked up the vibe of the place.  It feels more like a nightclub than a restaurant; there's a second bar on one side of the room, and the blacked out roof, sound system, and mood lighting add to that, um, ambiance.Our server appeared with the menu, and we were surprised... in a good way.  A nice selection of international sandwiches and wraps, as well as an eclectic set of entrees - Asian, South American, Mexican, Italian, and American.  Prices were good:  Entrees are in the $9-11 range, and lighter dishes like sandwiches ranged from $6 to $8.We tried the Argentinean Chimmichurri Mini Burgers.  Instead of the traditional ground beef slider, ours featured marinated and grilled fajita meat, swiss cheese, grilled onions, a bit of lettuce, and housemade chimmichurri sauce.  The result was delicious; a multicultural kaleidoscope of flavor.  We opted for the yucca fries, a light and healthy alternative to the traditional french fries, and used them to sop up every drop of the chimmichurri sauce.Our companion tried the empanadas.  Ground beef, delicately seasoned and wrapped in a pastry shell, these were among the best we've tried.  The side of housemade onion rings were a good accompanyment; the batter was light, crisp, and slightly sweet.Service was prompt, professional and friendly.We didn't partake (since it was lunchtime) but Ambience offers live music or a DJ on weekends, and they rearrange the tables to allow for dancing.  Dinner and dancing is a tradition that we miss, and we think they've got a great concept for the Woodlands area.Combine the excellent and varied cuisine, great service, a nice room, and very reasonable prices, and Ambience is a winner.  We're looking forward to returning soon.
<review# 1866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2009,8/2/2009,8,11,11,9,12>One of those classic experiences: you read a lot of good reviews on Yelp, then head for the place - and your first impression: what - this is it? - no, can't be.... too small, old wooden style, dim lights, murky bar top...But grab a shiner bock on draft - served in iced glasses - have a seat inside or outside - chat with the regulars...That's when it happens - it's like listening to a newly recommended CD once (naw - weird - don't' like it) - then again (weird stuff, but track 3 is kinda o.k.) - and again (hmm, this style is good) - and again (hey, this stuff really is different - it's good) - and again (mind warping!!!).That's how this little hole in the wall manages to conquer your heart, soul - and, well, liver....
<review# 1867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2009,8/1/2009,283,153,4,20,9>I love, love, love Leisure Learning!  When I first moved to Houston and I didn't know where to find fun things to do, LLU became my best friend.  Every class you could ever want is listed-- from reiki to stained glass to dancing to finance-- you're covered.  I've taken a bunch of random classes from here and registration is easy and affordable.  The only down-side is that they don't pay their teachers very well which I found out when I thought about teaching a class through them.  That said, they're a great find.
<review# 1868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2009,7/31/2009,229,569,13,11,13>Part of the guerilla Mystery Dinner at the London Sizzler, I found it to be a fine place. I'm not an expert in this type of cuisine, and having eaten here actually--I have to say my experience with this type of cuisines has not been great. London Sizzler is the best I've had, but at least I now know what part of town to explore to get the genuine article! The possibilities are bright, optimistic--maybe even sizzling! I ordered (along with my friend) the place's namesake plate, "London Sizzler." The plate is a beast of delicious carnage. My favorite on the Sizzler, however, was the tandoori chicken. Some complicated spiciness happening here. I think everyone went with the first level of spicy, but I think if you like spicy--the second level of spice would be no problem! In fact, it's what I'm ordering next time. I dig the place itself. I thought it accommodated our large group pretty well. The service exists and good times were present. If dining, just with the little lady--I might be more critical of the service. Or maybe not, I'm pretty laid back. Highlight of the evening for me, however, was the sampling of Farid's order that I had. He ordered the goat special (a.k.a. special goat, remedial goat). Soooooo good. My imagination and taste palate goes wild thinking that there could be better remedial goat out there. So, the hunt begins!
<review# 1869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2009,7/30/2009,466,956,17,9,8>Welcome to the six O'clock news' special report: "Lupe Tortilla is Super!"We have received so many calls and letters from our listeners asking us about this wonderful business that we have decided to answer your requests with this special report:Lupe Tortilla is located off of I-10 and Highway 6, one can say it is pretty much hidden. "This 'hidden' jewel is the best thing that could happen to a hungry person," states a bystander. The establishment, as many others in that area, is a residential home turned restaurant, and what a restaurant it is! In front of the restaurant one could see a sandbox full of toys and other play things, for kids ONLY. As you walk in you can appreciate all of the fine Mexican detail put into this place. It resembles a ranch style home. There is plenty of sitting as they have a room to the right, one to the back and additional outdoor sitting. The appeal of this place is such that can not be described with words, you must visit for yourself. As we recorded this special, we found a Yelper by the name of "Jaire" (pronounced Jaire just in Spanish!). We observed this Yelper in action. She ordered a delicious strawberry Margarita, which by the looks of it she enjoyed more than Ice cream. She states that was "the best margarita" she ever had. She went on to say that the margarita was so good it should be Illegal (no illegal activity took place during the course of this interview). We continued to interview Jaire as she ordered her food. She ordered Shrimp and Beef Fajitas, which came accompanied by lettuce, guacamole, rice, beans and a special sauce for the shrimp. Her words about the food were: hhhmmmm, yes... ooooohhh, dang!!!! She declined any further comment. For dessert she ordered a flan, which she refused to share at first, but then looking at the sad faces of her mom and "brother from another mother" (aka Brandon) decided to let them have some. She states she has no regrets in regards to her actions.We caught up with Jaire as she was leaving the establishment and asked her for her opinion on the restaurant. As an avid Yelper, she was able to tell us she would definitely give this place five stars as the service, food and ambiance were PERFECT. She commented she would retire from Yelping as she ate a red pepper, which killed her taste buds. She added the following: "They were good buds"This has been a special report, now back to you Tony.
<review# 1870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2009,7/29/2009,172,157,36,22,20>Today, I engaged in exerciser profiling, an entertaining way to pass time. Without further a do, here are the types of folks near and on the 3.0 mile track around Memorial Park.The Cruisers...These are the folks who drive with a foot on the brake driving towards 610 on Memorial. With half-dollar like eyes, they stare intently at the exercisers hoping to catch some bouncy bouncy eye candy. From shameless 360 exorcist-like head turning, loud music, windows lowered, flashy cars,  and other attention gimmicks, all for some eye contact and eye candy. The Minimalists...This trend is actually more visible in men than women; many men already run without a shirt. A handful of men wear shorts so short, the shorts say, "He'd run naked if it were socially acceptable." I am left wondering, where is that guy keeping his keys?!?! The Dog Briskerers...Ceasar Milan would applaud these dog owners for  e'cising their dogs. These folks bond with their pooch over exercise.  With a 3 mile run, I imagine the dogs sleeping during the workday to recuperate. And don't forget the collapsible bowls; pooches get thirsty too. Ever seen a mischievous look in a dog's eye? I did. I locked eyes with a doxin, and it did exactly what I thought it'd do, lunge in my direction as we passed each other in opposite direction, guess he was bored.The Meat Market*ding ding* Order up. There were several moments where I thought, "Hello, Mr Butcher. I'd like to have that one."  Instead of Baywatch, I thought I had tuned into Hunkwatch! The model-wannabes workout here, the secret is out, but I wasn't paid by a mag for this juicy bit of gossip. Yes there are pretty girls, some are friendly too, but there are more cute guys getting in shape.The Sweaters...Sweaters as in those that sweat. The folks with wet patches of sweat on their shirts are slackers, compared to some of the folks busting a sweat on the trail. The guy who's shirt and pants glisten not from fabric shine but from sweat drenched outfit being hit by the sun at just the right angle; he's got a bad case of soggy clothes syndrome. And then there is the dude running so fast, for so long, that sweat falls off his leg as he kicks his feet up, someone is sweating buckets. He needs a kneelet, see the Fashion and Fashionless section below.The Fashion and The FashionlessI saw a new fashion accessory today. It's called the kneelet. A kneelet is a sweat band that goes just beneath the knee. As sweat trickles down your thighs from all that running, the kneelet puts sweat in its place. Shirts from events of yesteryear are not as bad as ill-fitting shirts. If fashion police where a real profession, they would stake out at a rest area, and oblivious exercisers would get flagged down for fashion citations. Joggers would adjust their attire before passing a known fashion police trap.The Path RatsNow I don't encourage folks to be conformists, but some people are in peak physical condition, working out at a high intensity on top of that. I spotted a guy with a waist so thin, only a corset obsessed woman would envy his waist.The Scenery...I must have been distracted....verrrry distracted, the last time I came. I felt as if I was viewing Memorial Park for the first time. I stared at the  trees, roots systems, flowers, and other vegetation that lined the path. I would like to venture into the "wildness." Something about the unknown strikes curiosity in me, brings out the former girlscout. "Hand me a compass, I am going in!"The  Sounds...The gravel beneath your feet, the cicadas chirping, the swooush sound of cars passing by, and the occasional mp3 player blasting away are what you hear along the trail. You hear people sometimes, before you see them. Tip 1Meet friends at a specific place, wait for everyone to get there. The odds of meeting them somewhere along the trail is bleak. You might just end up walking at equal distance apart for 3 miles without bumping into one another. Invent a new way to stretch do anything but start without your pals.Tip 2This is more for Tmobile cellphone users, but perhaps it applies to others. There's a hole in Tmobile coverage and it's in Memorial Park. Nothing like having 0 bars when you're trying to reach friends. Memorial Park's motto must be run, don't walk. The trails are filled with interesting people walking/jogging their way to healthier life. I'm heading back for more entertainment and exercise on the trails.
<review# 1871,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/21/2009,7/28/2009,150,374,18,21,15>Ah, the smell of old money and incest. It almost reeks of cigar smoke and good old boys - all gathered in their lush little private club, shielded from the outsiders and riffraff. That's the vibe you'll get after stepping off one of the scarily shaky elevators into the bowels of the Esperson Building's 9th floor. Now, I'm not saying this place sucks - in fact, given how this place has maintained its' original flavor - it's actually pretty damn cool again. The food and service are both very good. Maybe not a dining destination, but certainly a good place for association meetings and events (of which I've attended several here). They have different rooms with different Texas/local themes which all have a very cool "old-timer" ambiance - kinda makes you want to have seen what the oil boom days must have been like. But I'm having a problem shaking the fact that this place was born of money and its' kept mainly in the family (i.e. good old boy network) which gives me the distinct impression that I am not really welcome here.
<review# 1872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2009,7/27/2009,9,17,8,10,11>Ok I have to first plug myself and my credentials in judging arabic food: my mom is from Egypt, my dad is from Egypt, my grandmothers, aunts, uncles, grandfather.... everybody in my family is from Egypt. So growing up on foods like Molokia and Fool make me your not-so-typical American girl.  Additonally, my grandma ("Teta" in Arabic) is envied and loved as the best cook in the family, so when comparing arabic dishes found in restaurants to her dishes, I am holding the restaurants up to the highest standard.  That being said, Mint Cafe is awesome.  First of all, the staff is always more than accommodating, pleasant and very helpful.  As for the food, its my fav. Arabic restaurant in Houston, hands down!  The grape leaves (Wara E'nab) are the most authentic I have found here (the tightly rolled variation are indicative of arab cooking as opposed to the looser-rolled greek version (AKA Dolmas)).  The baba ganouge is amazing and the fatouche salad is really delicious, lemony and authentic!  Also, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND trying the Kibbeh... these are basically football shaped fried balls made with beef, bulgur, pine nuts and seasoning.  They are served with a delicious Tahini sauce... As much as I feel like a traitor saying this, they but my Teta's to shame, but please don't tell her I said that!
<review# 1873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2009,7/26/2009,24,96,,7,5>I really hope that this place is overwhelmingly successful, so that they'll expand and open up a location closer in to town. As it is, it was totally worth driving out to Stafford.The burger patties are of the thin griddled variety, so if that's a dealbreaker, you can stop reading right now. That's generally my preference, although sometimes I like to have a nice, thick, medium-rare burger. In general, though, so long as it's not dry, I prefer the increased ratio of char to meat that you get with a thin patty. As has been noted in other reviews, you can opt for the spicy version (I did) which has garlic and jalapeños actually ground up into the meat for an extra 25 cents per patty. Do it, unless you can't handle heat at all. The flavor is great with a nice little kick. They've perfected the time on the grill, and seem to have some sort of sauce that they use, perhaps a seasoned au jus, that prevents the burger from being too dry. In fact, this is one of the juicier burgers I've had in a while.The fries are hand-cut, almost shoestring thin, and fried perfectly. They have cheesesteaks (both steak and chicken) on the menu, but I doubt I'll ever try them because the burger is honestly that good. It's a fast food joint and a fair drive out if you live in the loop, but if you're a burger aficionado you owe it to yourself to head down here and try it out.
<review# 1874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2009,7/25/2009,74,122,9,7,5>A "Wal Mart" of Asian food markets, it's the daddio for your exotic needs. Literally fighting for spots, expect parking lot rage and lots of circling for the perfect spot under the Houston blazing sun. After you swim through a sea of people visit the Chinese BBQ - the Duck is goood, as well as the roast pork. It is pretty evident when they have 30+ ducks, a nice inviting crimson gleaming in the light, hanging, ready for your enjoyment.Not only do they have a ridiculous amount of things to buy and lose yourself for an hour or two, the lines are just as long and packed as your local Wal Mart, a typical Sunday.
<review# 1875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2009,7/24/2009,117,256,11,10,7>I waffled on whether to give this a 3 or a 4 - because while tasty, it's one of those businesses that sells people on a myth of healthy eating while feeding them sugar and artificial flavoring. That said, I love me some frozen yogurt. I found the Swirll approach clever- several dispensers of flavors ranging from Acai Berry and Lemon to Cake Batter and Peanut Butter. The toppings bins ranged similarly from giant chunks of cookie dough and peanut butter cups to mounds of fresh fruit and macha powder. The store charges by weight, so the lightest ingredients are the cheapest, regardless of how exotic they are.We had to ask for a spoon at the register. Apparently they can't leave them out because people steal them all. What on earth?! Spoon thievery seems to clash with the whole 'yuppie desert' thing. The frozen yogurt was inconsistently tasty- how much I liked it very much depended on flavor. Just don't kid yourself that you're eating healthy, unless of course you would otherwise be unable to refrain from ice cream. I imagine this'd be a decent place to girl-watch for a single guy. The right non-creepy, suave dude might actually meet someone. On a warm night this place is mobbed by gals in exercise shorts and tanks, and you can overhear some funny spoiled-girl conversations.
<review# 1876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2008,7/23/2009,29,43,4,5,5>The first thing I messed up here was I didn't come dressed up in my 16th century gown (um hanging in my closet?) with a couple of surly pirate men. OK I'm making it sound like the Renaissance festival and its not...(they're missing the swords) but it IS definitely a place that warps you into another era. Seriously. The atmosphere is very simple- dark hardwoods and simple white walls with old British art and beautiful stained glass windows. Oh and lovely classical music. I went here for lunch yesterday with my mother and a friend and let's just say it was an event! First of all we were the only ones in the entire restaurant. That was cool. The lovely hostess/waitress seated us in the main room and offered us some tea that come in a cool bottle that looked like they found in an old antique shop in London. I mean this place was interesting! Open your mind and senses!!The menu is amazing- amazingly hard to decide what to order. If you want a plain dish or a burger do not come near here! My mother ordered the Pork and Red Cabbage Salad with Capers and Parsley and I had the Lamb Stuffed Zucchini. Both were delicious! For the main course my mother had the Roast Pork Belly, Potato Cake and Red Cabbage with Apples. She loved the pork belly but didn't really like the apples. She said the pork belly tasted like a huge chicherron. Yum. I honestly prefer the pork belly from Catalan, but they are ENTIRELY different tastes. The amount of pork they serve in this place is unreal. I like it.I had the Braised Oxtails with Cheese and Leek Mashed Potatoes and Carrot...definitely the BEST plate we ordered...ORDER THIS DISH! It's tender, juicy and the mashed potatoes were perfect. My friend had the Chorizo Sausage dish. He really enjoyed it. it looked like paella minus the seafood, plus plus plus a lot of sausage. (again, oink! oink!) For dessert we all tried the Honeyed Peaches with Almonds and the Blackberry Fool with Shortbread. Both good.Overall the experience was really really fun and delicious. It's a great place for small groups. I wish I would have gone at night when I could drink some wine with all of the different tastes. I'll definitely be back when it gets cold outside- I don't know why, but the place feels like you should dine there in the winter. The only thing I wish they had on the menu were those huge turkey legs from the Ren Festival..there I go again!
<review# 1877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2009,7/22/2009,38,64,6,10,11>Are you tired of eating a regular hamburger, cheeseburger, or grilled chicken burger??  With so many burger joints around Houston, I am sure someone out there wants an "exotic" burger!! Well, Burger Tex is the place to be...The person who thought to make a bulgogi burger at this place is a freakin genius!  For all of you haven't had Korean food before, bulgogi is basically sweet, marinated thin slices of beef that is grilled.  First time I had this was actually in Austin, and I actually had no idea that it was a chain store and locations exist in Houston.  Since eating bulgogi burgers, I never crave for a regular burger...I'm all about the bulgogi!  This specific store is Korean owned (go figure), and it is kind of hidden at the corner of 529 and Eldridge, so you will have to look for it.  Just like any other Korean restaurant, you will come out smelling like oil and grease if you stay in there too long, so most of the time, I order out.If you aren't daring just enough yet, they also have regular burgers...I haven't tried any of them, but they look pretty good.  They have unlimited free vegetables (i.e. tomatoes, lettuce, onions, etc) for you to grab in a mini salad bar area.  They also have free melted cheese just like at Fuddrucker's.Everyone should go here to at least try the bulgogi burger just once, you will be hooked after!
<review# 1878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2009,7/20/2009,154,362,11,13,11>Get ready for a really long review:My sister got me a $50 gift card to a spa of my choice, but $50 doesn't really get me much but maybe a mani and pedi, which I wasn't going to go to a spa for.  I can't ever justify pampering myself, but after seeing the rave reviews of SunsetBodyWorks, I decided to give them a call and see what services would be good for my needs.  I spoke to the owner, and she answered my every question and provided recommendations on what services to get.  I decided on the La Luna spa package, which is a 1 hour massage, 1 hour facial, and a 30 minute body glow.  (At the time, I still was not sure what a body glow was.)  I wanted to secure an appointment the Saturday before July 4th, but they were fully booked, so I asked about Monday, July 6th.  Turns out, they are normally closed on Mondays, but the owner said she'd come in for me.  Awesome!!  (I *did* feel guilty about making her come in on her day off.)So come the day of my appointment, I make my way over there and try to park in the Rice Lofts garage because I read on yelp that parking was free.  But umm, the gate was closed, and it looked like you needed a remote to get in.  NOTE TO OTHERS: this is where you park.  Call SunsetBodyWorks when you get there, and they'll let you in.  No one was answering my phone call, but fortunately, I found free parking on Travis.Mai (the owner) was there to greet me.  She started off with the massage, which I didn't think was all that relaxing.  Let me caveat that by saying I find it hard to relax when a stranger is touching my naked body, and I've never been able to relax during a massage.  She used her elbows a lot too, which was painful at times, but she *did* mention that it shouldn't hurt.  So it might just be me?Next up was the body glow.  I had no idea what to expect.  I got completely naked and let Mai rub some mineral mixture all over my body.  Then, I was sprayed down with like 6 shower heads.  It was interesting.Last was the facial, which was the whole reason I even booked a spa appointment, and omg was I in heaven.  Mai used her magic fingers to rub stuff on my face.  (I was too relaxed to remember what it was.)  She even threw in a quick shoulder, neck, and head massage.  The facial (for you noobs like me) included a light blackhead/whatever-junk-is-clogging-your-pores extraction.  I'm not gonna lie and say that part was pleasant, but I will say I was really looking forward to someone unclogging my pores.The best part of this experience was when Mai asked if I had a boyfriend.  If not, she would introduce me to her son's professor, lol.  Kind of strange, but I found it flattering.I really enjoyed my spa day and talking to Mai.  She recommended some generic products for me but never once did she push me to buy the stuff she carries.  I will definitely look into these products if I can look as good as her at 50.  I'll be back!  Next up - microdermabrasion!  (FYI, you know you've found the right spa when they refuse to do microdermabrasion over the summer.  You're just asking for sun damage.)
<review# 1879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2009,7/19/2009,180,224,6,13,9>Sueño de tacos.  I can honestly say that I crave Tacos a Go-Go tacos' daily.  I like the wide variety of tacos they have.  My favorites are the breakfast taco you make your own taco, pollo guisado with spicy shredded chicken, grilled fish with roasted pepper sauce and the barbacoa made with tender shredded lamb.  They have awesome chips and salsa and black beans.  The ingredients are always fresh.  They have a really cool assortment of hot sauces for those who really like their food hot.The tacos are fairy priced at $2.49-$2.99 per taco and you can order your tacos guilt free by opting for whole wheat tortillas.Their tacos are not the typical small taqueria tacos, they are full of meat and are good sized.  I also like their dessert tacos.  Just think of a tasty chocolate and cinnamon quesadilla.  Their smores taco kicks ass too, it comes with melted marshmallows, chocolate and gram cracker.Again they are known for their tacos, I personally wouldn't order anything else off the menu, I'm a taco gal.
<review# 1880,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/29/2009,7/18/2009,287,298,13,13,13>Being the foodie that I am, I perused the menu before heading out. Everything looked so good on the menu and with catchy food titles I figured this place would be a delight. It was easy to find but from reading the menu and the name I figured this place would be in a modern building. Actually it is an old house/building converted into a restaurant. The interior is small but nice. Aesthetically I was pleased. I ordered the U pick 4 for $8.95. I chose the spicy tuna roll and tai, saba, sake and escolar. The waiter advised they don't offer the escolar on that special. Doh! I thought the menu said superwhite tuna, but alas it said white tuna. So I went with the white tuna. The entree came with miso soup and salad. Both were delicious, I really liked the dressing on the salad. However, I am very suspicious that the soup is of the instant variety because of the tofu being so small and the texture reminded me of it having a history of being freeze dried/dehydrated. The spicy tuna roll was good and much the same as other places. The sushi was fresh but not impressive. Surprisingly the saba (mackerel) was quite good, this is the nigiri I rate sushi restaurants on. So Blue House passed that test. The service was s-l-o-w and the waiters had to be the most unobservant bunch I have encountered in a long time. If they want to keep their tables full, the staff needs to get on the ball. We did have a roach sighting. It was worth seeing the look on Danielle's face (BTW, she is not a screaming mimi more of the big eyed, silent "look over your shoulder" type of gal) and Gretchen's very ninja like move that catapulted her out of her chair and 3 steps away in one fluid movement. Can I see that again and in slow-motion?
<review# 1881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2009,7/17/2009,68,368,4,9,8>Wow. So this is what yoga is all about.I used to think yoga was only for girls or vegans or something. A session at Yoga One has made me recognize my wrongs. I'm a skinny, small guy but I run a lot and lift weights occasionally. The "hot yoga" session was easily one of the most intense workouts I've had in a long, long time. The room is set to around 105+ degrees so you'll be sweating even before you start doing poses. Once you actually do start, you'll be dripping buckets of sweat. This was my first time and I'm not very flexible but I thought the instructor, a guy who walked around shirtless, was very helpful and knowledgeable. He walked around the room and corrected people's poses, new people and usuals alike. When was done with the hour and a half session, I felt great. Maybe it is placebo but whenever I sweat a lot, I think I'm getting rid of all the toxins in my body. I don't know if I'll be sore tomorrow but my mind feels clear and this is something I am definitely interested in doing again. The actual facility is very new, very clean, and very hipster-ish. Expect to see a lot of people in clogs and hemp pants. The lockers are really nice and clean and serene. Esther L and I came and used our free pass from the Yelp Urban Market event. Because we live in Sugar Land, we'll probably start going back during the school year when we're in the area. They offer a $20 for 10 days of classes which I think anyone and everyone who wants to lose weight, clear their mind, detox, etc. should look into. Great place, I have absolutely nothing negative to say about this place.
<review# 1882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2009,7/16/2009,2,225,8,10,10>OK, no offense meant to folks back at the Gano Street Dog Park in Providence, RI (Whimsy Has a Posse!!!) but the Danny Jackson park is what a dog park should be. a) Small dog and large dog separation. Our Mei struggles to maintain seven pounds dripping wet. The last thing she needs is getting run over by a train of 80+ pound enthusiasm. Nothing wrong with big dogs on a tear. They need it and deserve it. I'm just glad for the size separation. Its important. b) There is actual grass on the ground, not just mud and dust. c) While a disturbing shade of bizarre chemical blue, there is a pond for the dogs to cool off in, which they seem to love. Anyone know what that blue is? d) Proper bagging and binning stations. e) People let the dogs be dogs. No one's hovering to make sure every interaction goes perfectly. No stress, no struggle. Our dogs are horribly socialized. We got them through a rescue at the age of 2 and they had spent those 2 years in a laundry closet. They are very skiddish/stand-off-ish around other dogs. But we take them to the park to ease them into social life. It doesn't always work out. Sometimes they just aren't in the mood to be sniffed, yipped at, chased, or generally interacted with. They articulate this the way dogs do. No one gets hurt, no one's gonna need therapy. But I've been to dog parks where people rush in with a huge flurry, scoop everyone up and stomp off. This doesn't do any of the dogs a bit of good, that's for sure. So thanks people of Danny Jackson for being patient with Mei and London. They'll come around soon. We have hope. And if you have a dog, this seems like the place to be! Always packed even with impending rain, or a down pour having just ridden through.
<review# 1883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2009,7/15/2009,225,440,14,11,14>Like a virgin, pho-ed for the very first time Don't put your bahn mi next my-e-ine....cause I'll probably eat it. Yes, this was my first time to go pho and I must say I'll be doing it again and again! Me and my foodie gal pal Larae M. met here for an early dinner Monday night. We were initially gonna hit up Pho Saigon but instead went to Givral's because neither of us had been. The place is easy to find and has lots of little tables that are perfect for the downtown lunchers or the evening munchers like the two of us. The line wasn't too long when we got there (about 6 p.m.) but it quickly grew within minutes. In my opinion that's a good sign that I'm in for something good. We split the chargrilled pork bahn mi and we each got our own pho, for me I chose the round steak. After ordering we took a spot next to the windows and chatted as we waited (not long i might add) for our orders. The bahn mi was really tasty with warm french bread, tender tasty pork, carrots, cucumber and cilantro. All together it totally hit the spot! Then came the pho. After learning how to dress my pho from my trusty sidekick I dove into my bowl. The broth was light and not too salty with good flavor and the other miscellaneous items throughout complemented the beef well. I love good hearty stews that give you a little bit of everything, so you get the full meal deal in one dish. Givral's is definitely on my list for future visits so I can try some of the other items that have been yelped about.
<review# 1884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2009,7/14/2009,38,97,7,10,8>I have a love/hate relationship with my trainer.  Love the way she makes me look.  Hate doing burpees.  Fortunately, the rest of the time, we have a love-love relationship.  I've gotten so many compliments on the definition in my arms, which are now strong but still feminine... even a few comparisons to Michelle Obama!I actually followed my trainer here from a "mainstream gym"... and I've been really impressed with the personal service that I get at a smaller facility.  The equipment is brand new and super clean, no stinky-sweat smell.  The studio is small, but never crowded, because everyone there has an appointment (which means, no annoying New-Year's-Resolutions people on your machine!)  A great place to go if you're looking to take your fitness to the best level.
<review# 1885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2009,7/13/2009,67,177,9,12,12>edit: Follow MAM on Facebook to stay updated on any change in hours! :)MAM's House of Ice Snoballs is a little robin egg blue trailer with a white picket fence that currently resides across the street from the Kroger on 20th (@ Rutland). Previously residing at the Fiesta parking lot (legally) about a mile away, rumor has it that a neighbor didn't like them too much and started to bring the drama. Hopefully their new spot will last awhile. Or maybe a new Houston game will be 'Where's MAM'If you're not getting your snowball to go, wear your sunscreen, MAM's is literally in a lot with two picnic tables/umbrellas.Open 1pm - 9pm all week long and serving so many flavors of yummy snoballs I lost count.  I went knowing I wanted coconut, hoping that they had it and boy it's a good thing they did! If I had to choose from all of those flavors I may have been there all night trying to decide. Some of the flavors included Root Beer, Mango, Strawberry, Wedding Cake (ooo next time!), Pina, Hurricane, Pink Flamingo, Rainbow, and Tigers Blood.
<review# 1886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2009,7/12/2009,81,217,7,11,7>I went to Gigi's for lunch today with a friend.  The bar and restaurant are well decorated.  I loved the cherry blossoms overhead in the main dining room.  The restaurant was moderately busy to slow at noon but, our food took a while.  We ordered the edamame dumplings and the cashew chicken.  It is expensive for the portion sizes, but quite tasty.  The edamame dumplings were four to an order, but they are little bites of heaven.  The plate is laced with clarified butter.  The dumplings have a nutty taste and are delicious!  We ordered another four after taking our first bite.The cashew chicken was yummy, but not quite spicy enough.   They do have red chili sauce on the table to add to it.  We fought over the toasted cashews...mmmmmm...I'll be back, for sure.  P.S.  They sang Happy Birthday to someone and banged a gong (cue T. Rex) so loud it woke up a baby and made another child cry.  Oh dear.
<review# 1887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2008,7/11/2009,122,80,11,11,10>Big Fan! Big Fan! I've been spending a lot of time here the past couple of weeks thanks to Zack C. and friends.  In fact I think I left my liver there last Saturday after 12 hours of binge drinking for the Florida game followed by De La Hoya getting his skirt knocked to the ground by Pac-Man and pre partying for Farrah's birthday (like that was necessary).  Saint Danes is a cool little sports bar/pub with a great open air feel thanks to its garage door- facade that opens up to Elgin St.  Great beers, great food (especially on $1.00 Tuesday Taco Night), the bartenders and waitresses are cool (not to mention smokin' hot), and the bar is dog friendly.Great for catching any sporting event or just chilling on a sunny afternoon with friends.  Did I mention the bartenders are hot?  Right... moving right along....
<review# 1888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2009,7/10/2009,29,55,15,16,14>Dear Anvil,I just wanted to thank you. It wasn't until meeting you that I realized I've been in an abusive relationship with Houston's bar scene. I thought other bars were showing me love, I thought a top shelf margarita or a Grey Goose and soda was as good as it gets. Then you came along with your mind-blowing selection and your fresh herbs and your talk of things like "bitters," and I was blown away.For starters, you made me realize I like gin. I had a classic gin martini 10 years ago and I swear to god it was like drinking bug spray, so I swore off gin. And then your menu was all, "Try this drink. It has gin, but also BASIL. You like basil . . ." And I did. LOVE! And Saturday I had some delicious concoction that had not only gin, but egg white and violet! It was like a bubble bath for your taste buds. (In a good way. I mean, I'm assuming we all like bubble baths, here.)I have trust in you like I've never had in a bar. I can say stuff like, "I want a drink with sotol, surprise me," and you come through like a champ. I invited 12 people there for my husband's birthday- the first visit for ALL of us- and you blew our minds. I'm already working up excuses to see you again- connecting with an old friend so we can have one of your drinks. Dinner with coworkers near you so maybe we can happen by afterwards.Face it, Anvil, this might be more than a crush.
<review# 1889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2009,7/9/2009,273,77,15,16,16>Ah the Greeks, always know how to run a great business!  Notice the area around AOS (Annunciation Orthodox School) they own it all, and of course the Agora, Niko Niko's, Byzantio, etc. all community fixtures, stress on community!Rolled up here at 6 (guess I'm one of the cool kids, huh) and Sam V and Larae M were already at the bar, phew I'm not first!  Immediately notice a fellow Eastern European beauty (from Bulgaria) behind the bar - Agora likes to hire these too and it's a good idea! ;) Genoveva is an interactive bartender - attentive, helpful and fast, and the free woo-hoo (w/her sexy accent: voo-hoo) shots were fruity deliciousness!  Union is well designed from what I could tell, the typical concrete flooring, as well as tv screens streaming music videos - Beyonce had me mesmerized w/her "All the Single Ladies" grrrrrl got thighs, all I'm sayin'...  And yes there are plenty of stripper poles, BUT even better one of the bartenders pointed out to me a metal bar that they had installed over the bar this week, hmmmm why?  Because they have dancing contests on the bar duh! I believe the audience picks the winner and pricey Patron shots are the prize.  NOTE: Patron takes my clothes off...I kid, I kid! ;9 I was invited to show off my belly dancing skills, but since I'm modest, hah, I told Joel mayyyyybeeeee over the weekend.George (co-owner) is stellar but that's only because he played pro soccer and was able to namedrop PSV Eindhoven.  Actually the mini burgers he served to myself and David N were fantastic, I kid you not! Nah, the guy obviously cares and goes the extra mile (mingles w/the clientèle), it must be a Greek hospitality thing. ;D The patio is nice and spacious with the tiki torches adding a nice touch.  The ladies bathroom is a hoot, see the pictures I'm posting...  I was told that on Fridays there is a BBQ happy hour 4-8pm out on this lovely aforementioned patio and I'm very interested in checking it out, as well as taking part in the bar dancing contest, who'll cheer me on?!As for the UYE itself, we had a fabulous turnout: Sam V, Larae M, Joel L, Ashlee M, Nikki F, Hannah L, Clinton W, Agustin S, Mike W, Eren M, Alex A, Gretchen P, Meredith M, Danielle S, Eva L, Jaire Q, Reina Q, Robert H, Gaby D, David N, Fujio W, Valerie A, Marisa F, Olivia B, Tina R and Farrah who showed up for 5 seconds! :P The boys were getting a little (hah, understatement) wasted, h-bombs were dropped and cum shots all around! And I think the pictures (which someone should post!) will say it all - that anyone can have a good time here!
<review# 1890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2009,7/8/2009,36,46,6,9,7>7 Reviews and not one mentioned the lasagna?!  How dare they have the words "Italian Food" on the name of the building and no one is going to talk about their Lasagna?  Something has to give.  Ok, I did.  I was in midtown around 4 pm the other day trying to find an apartment or loft (what a mistake) and of course I got hungry.  I was about 2 feet from walking into Spec's and get a little grub (food, not the insect), when I noticed this place.  Hungrier than hell, I walked in not knowing what to expect.  First thing that comes into mind is...wow! This place is TINY!  They have 3 tables, a counter, and about a 10x15ft kitchen.  After reading the menu I realized they mainly to deliveries and take out.  Ok Gotcha!I just want to say that the guy at the counter was nice as hell.  Seeing that everyone decided to eat the pizza and calzone, Im glad I ordered the lasagna. It took them about 20 minutes to make it, because they cook to order and all the ingredients are fresh.  Trust me, it was worth the wait.  I have NEVER had lasagna that good.  Ever. Never ever. You can tell how fresh the ingredients are by the first bite. I get tired of going to Italian restaurants and ordering Lasagna when it comes out as a perfect 4x4x4 cube on a huge white plate.  Ponzo's really dont give a damn about presentation.  It came in a foil to-go container piping hot and full to the max.  Added with a halved loaf with Olive oil and Italian herbs and spices and crack....perfect for diping into the marinara.  Now when I eat Italian meals, I like to enjoy the food and take my damn time like its meant to be done.  Copius amounts of food for a small penny ($8.95) certainly gets the coveted Kasey Stamp of Approval (Copyright pending).  I sat there for almost an hour eating, reading the Houston Press and watching Barack Obama walk to the White House.  All in all, one HELL of a dinner.  I'm going to have to go back ASAP and try their pizza's because...well, Im from Houston.  What REAL Houstonian doesn't like a good pizza?
<review# 1891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,7/7/2009,427,838,12,13,9>This is a great little hole-in-the-wall seafood joint. We came here for a family dinner (my girlfriend's fam, not mine), and upon hearing we were coming here, the exchange went something like this:GF: We're going to eat crawfish.Me: Ok, where?GF: I don't know, somewhere on Wilcrest.Me: Why aren't we going to Boiling Crab?GF: Someone recommended it.Me: But Boiling Crab is so good.GF: I don't know, shut up and drive./and scene.Or something to that effect. In any case, it was a solid recommendation. The rumors must be true, as the menu looks like a carbon copy of Pappadeaux, but for half the price. The plates may be a little small and a lot dingier, but the food tastes just as good, if not better. But we came for the crawfish, and those bugs are what gives this place its 5 stars. The cost was $4 per pound, or 5 pounds for $18, which is a great deal to begin with. More importantly, these looked like mini-lobsters; seriously, they were huge. They were so big I couldn't even break the claws with my fingers, so futile was my effort to unearth the meat underneath. Ah well, there was plenty in the body to go around.The place is, no joke, a hole-in-the-wall. If you're a little turned off, take it to go, but the service is quick, if a bit unfriendly. And yes, they've got the requisite beer to wash down the spices.
<review# 1892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2009,7/6/2009,115,362,7,9,7>By the end of my meal at Jang Guem, there were 13 bowls and dishes in front of me. If you're a fan of Korean cuisine, you can't go wrong at this place. In the midst of a sea of Asian restaurants and establishments along Bellaire Blvd. lies Jang Guem, in suite J of yet another strip center. But where the atmosphere in other eateries in the area leaves something to be desired, with their dusty blinds and bare walls, Jang Guem is actually rather warm and inviting, modern even - the owners obviously took some time with the décor. Sit down, and a kindly waiter will bring you a drink and a small salad. Time to peruse the menu. It's a straightforward paper placemat menu, replete with Korean soup and barbecue dishes, including bulgogi, one of my favorite dishes of any nationality. At $14.50, the Bulgogi & Tofu Soup combo will run you considerably more than a lunch at many of the little shops in the area, but you will also get considerably more dishes and flavors. Individual orders from the lunch menu run $7-8, and a full order of bulgogi is $14, so you really can't go wrong with the combo. The meal starts with 6 little bowls of things like bean sprouts, tofu, zucchini - several with that tantalizing red color of chile sauce. But the most striking element will be the whole fried fish set before you, which can be a bit imposing considering you're armed only with chopsticks. Guessing at the proper technique, I wasn't far off when I observed a pair of neighboring Korean businessmen, but this obviously wasn't their first rodeo. Lastly, you'll receive a raw egg, which the waiter explains is for your soup.The tofu soup came out boiling furiously and bright orange with spices in a stone bowl looking like something Homer Simpson would pull out of a nuclear blast furnace with tongs and a lead suit. When you crack your egg over this lava soup, you briefly feel like Rocky Balboa making a protein shake, except this time you're about to fight Chong Li at the Kumite. The egg cooks in the boiling soup and pieces float up to mix with the creamy tofu and fiery spices with your choice of beef, chicken, or clams, in what is a substantial meal of a soup - once it cools. The bulgogi came on what looked like a fajita dish, complete with caramelized onions. The bulgogi, or Korean bbq, at some places can be charred, almost crispy, with the tangy sauce added like a glaze. But at Jang Guem, the bulgogi came out soft and tender, infused with the delicious flavors and spices. A third hot dish held white rice, which I scooped into yet another bowl with some bulgogi, onions, sprouts - whatever struck my fancy.And thus the 13 bowls, some empty, some as best as I could do. I will certainly be back to Jang Guem, but next time my stomach will know when my eyes are getting ambitious, and maybe I'll stick to the lunch menu.
<review# 1893,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/10/2009,7/5/2009,42,190,50,45,39>As an alternative way of testing your dexterity and eyesight then the gun range is worth a shot.  It had been a while since I had fired a weapon so thought it may be an idea to go and see how rusty I was. Made a change from an evening chucking Darts at a dartboard! The masculine side of this sport is apparent in terms such as 'load', 'cock' and 'shoot' but this is also a pastime suited to both sexes. I left happy that my target was suitably peppered (see pic). As a sport it is not cheap.... Range Fee $15.00 100 9mm FMJ rounds $27.98 ( buying less rounds brings the cost down)Gun Rental Fee $12.00 Total inc. tax was $59.52 LAW ENFORCEMENT & MILITARY PERSONNEL pay half price range fee. Your goggles and Ear defenders are free. Put these on before you enter the range. $1.50 buys you a paper Target but I managed to score two for free this time around. I would recommend for every 50 bullets you buy you should get one target. Fire 50 rounds and then clip up another target for the next 50. Thank You to the very kind Gent alongside me who "Made my Day". He noticed me admiring his direct gas impingement Armalite model 15 and politely offered me the chance to empty a full clip of .223 Remington slugs at the target .....YippeeKayay Caveat lector.... I am used to having fully loaded mags to hand so it was a bugger having to refill each time and it also meant you got the usual Lead residue all over your fingers. DO NOT DO..... what the bloke next to me did and leave the range without thoroughly washing your hands. It is not only the Gun that can kill you but also ingesting Lead is not a good idea...Death can be fatal :(DO NOT DO.... what i did and wear a shirt with a chest pocket. One of the ejected cartridges landed right in it and it took me a moment to realise the burning sensation in my chest was not a 'Cadillac Arrest'.......... pheeew.
<review# 1894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2009,7/4/2009,269,274,10,12,14>I'm a huge fan Cajun food and Ragin Cajun is cookin' it up. I came here for lunch with Galleria Lunch Bunch, Yelps version of a motley crew. The line moved fast, which was great because my stomach was growling. I finally made it to the counter and ordered some boudin and the oyster po-boy. I also asked for some buffalo sauce on the side. I forgot how big the boudin was and add the po-boy to that, it was pure gluttony. The oyster po-boy was great, especially after I threw some of the buffalo sauce on the fried oysters. The boudin was excellent as usual. I just might schedule another Lunch Bunch here, it'll give another chance to put myself in a food coma.
<review# 1895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2009,7/3/2009,274,156,11,11,12>But Dad, we want ICE CREAM!Okay.  Frozen yogurt is not ice cream and my kids know the difference. But when you let kids play with their food, they'll eat almost anything.  In between all of the Mom & Pop food counters in the visually, gastronomically and culturally diverse Hong Kong City Mall on Bellaire & Boone is Tutti Frutti Frozen Yogurt.  It's a shiny, immaculate California style oasis in the middle of all the hub-bub of the mall's food court (the East wing, if you needed directions).You grab a cup (of which there are various sizes-grab the small) and fill it with one or more of the various flavors lined up along a wall.  The kids self served themselves some chocolate.  I tried pomegranate, green tea, blueberry and coconut.  Each yogurt was full of flavor and very tasty.  You could almost skip the toppings (but then why did you come here?).  At what's just like a buffet condiment counter, the kids put on candy topping spread (lots of sprinkles & M&Ms & chocolate syrup).  I went for the fruit side with fresh raspberries, blueberries and oreo pieces.  This is definitely the kind of place that lets your kids get involved (with a little supervision of course).  I know my girls enjoyed the experience.Some words of warning:  Tutti Frutti charges by the ounce (39 cents) and you'd be surprised at how fast this adds up.  Three girls & an adult with big eyes ran up a 17 dollar bill.Thanks to Tina R. for inspiring this visit.
<review# 1896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2009,7/2/2009,119,124,18,24,21>I think I have found the best Vietnamese restaurant in town. It's located in Alief and I'm not surprised what-so-ever. Que Huong is located in a shopping strip at the corner of Beechnut and Wilcrest and it's on the end facing Beechnut. This shopping strip was actually the location of the original Kim Son before it became a chain... when the food was better, actually when the food was more authentic.  Que Huong is 100% authentic. The food, the decor, the music playing on the speaker, and the lady at the cash register watching every single move you make. The decor: The outside is painted this weird pale blue color. It reminded me of an old boat for some reason. It looks really rundown but this shopping center is OLD. Don't forget what neighborhood you're in. Alief. Inside... a wallpaper mural of the beach. Nice. With Christmas lights around it. Even better. There's also miscellaneous boxes along side the wall before you enter the kitchen and bathroom. Speaking of bathroom. Hold it. Don't go. I repeat... do not go. Marvin Zindler would have a field day at this place. I don't even want to know what the kitchen looks like. But hey... I didn't get sick. The music: Madonna covers sung by a Vietnamese artist. Paris by Night? Oh yeah I got to hear her sing Brother Louie Louie Louie and You're my Heart, You're my Soul. Haha Only a few readers out there will get it. Only if you've been to hundreds of Vietnamese weddings. The food: Wow. Good stuff. Seriously. The pho is fabulous. There's a dish that not too many restaurants serve but they serve it here. It's called Chou Thom. Basically, it's a dish consisting of tightly packed flattened noodles. It's not fried. "Thom" means shrimp. Basically it's ground shrimp similar to sausage but it's cooked on a kabob. the "kabob stick" however is a stick of sugar cane. You don't eat the sugar cane. You can eat this dish several ways: 1) Just the noodles and shrimp with nuoc mam with cucumbers, carrots and lettuce; 2) You can wrap the shrimp and noodles in lettuce and roll it up to eat it like an egg roll; and 3) You'll get thin hard rice papers that you dip in hot water to moisten so that it softens. You then put the noodles, shrimp and veggies in there and wrap it up and eat it like a spring roll. Very similar to what they have at Saigon Pagolac. How do I eat it? Option #1. It's less messy this way. I'll definitely be back here that's for sure. 5 stars for the food alone.
<review# 1897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2008,7/1/2009,133,132,5,11,8>Pretty good food, wonderful service and a very very very reasonable price tag.I love how cozy it!  Sammy's Eggplant -- as Rick O. said, it's a great appetizer.  Just the right amount of breading, and the marinara balances perfectly with the other flavors.  You get four thin slices of eggplant.Sausages and Peppers -- I wasn't too found of this appetizer but the husband really enjoyed this dish.  The portion is pretty generous.  Two medium sized sausages topped with red and green peppers.I had the seafood linguine and was pretty happy with it.  They used a generous amount of seafood -- definitely a good seafood to pasta ratio.  It had red and white mussels, shrimp, scallops, squid, and fresh, coarsely chopped tomatoes.  I wish the flavors were more complex in this dish... I felt it was a bit bland and maybe a little boring.The husband had the roasted trout special and was very happy with the freshness of the fish as well as the fresh and tender asparagus on the side.For dessert we shared a tiramisu which was delicious as well.For two appetizers, a bottle of wine, two entrees and a dessert, the bill was only 100 bucks.  I can't give it 5 stars for a few things - sticky menu pages (though it was in a leather binder), noisy dining area with little privacy, and fairly simple flavors in their entrees.I really like the value of this place and the friendly and attentive service.  We'll be going back to try some of their other dishes!
<review# 1898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2009,6/30/2009,393,766,12,22,19>It has been a long time since my last foodgasm and pretty much never that the culprit was a steak.  We've been meaning to check out Pappas Steakhouse for years now, but never got around to it.  I'd heard that it was the best in town and I knew that it wouldn't be the generic fare found at all the other Pappas incarnations, but I wasn't willing to shell out the big bucks to really find out.  Yep, everyone was correct.We didn't have reservations, but they sat us at the chef's bar immediately.  It was kind of like dinner and a show watching the hustle and bustle of the kitchen.  I was mesmerized by the flurry of movement all around me and I loved seeing all the care that went into the dishes.The wine list is pretty amazing.  They had bottles on there that you only hear about in rumours.  (Also worth checking out is the extensive list of high end dessert drinks.)  I ended up with a cheap malbec, but it was perfect for what I needed.The special for the night was two six ounce filets with two salads and a lobster tail and a side for about $120--pretty much a steal.  We knew we had to do it even though it was an obscene amount of food.  (I'm still cursing myself for even having a bite of bread and more than two bites of their salad--should've saved room for the good stuff!)The salad was your typical, made from scratch Caesar.  The dressing was very nice, the croutons were nice and crunchy (I hate soggy croutons), the lettuce was crisp and the cheese was heavenly.  The lobster was enormous--shockingly so.  They presented it and took it out of the shell for us and it seemed to expand on the plate.  It came a thing of butter sitting on a candle to keep it warm, but it was so perfectly buttery that it didn't need it.  The best part was that it was nice and tight still--none of that rubbery texture or the overly mushy stuff.The side we chose was the lobster mac & cheese.  (Yes, I have very high cholesterol.  No, I don't have any restraint.)  It was heavenly.  It wasn't too seafood-y and it came with a Parmesan crust which made it perfect.  It was nice and cheesy and didn't get all congealed by the end of the meal.  Yum!The true highlight of the meal, duh, was the steak.  Now, usually when you get the steak and lobster combo, the lobster tends to be the star.  Not in this case.  As delicious as the lobster was, the steak was beyond amazing.  It was the best steak I've ever tried.  Ever.  I got mine a nice medium rare and the hubs did his completely rare.  They were both seasoned perfectly and had just the right temperature.  With rare steaks, it is really hard to keep them from being overly chewy, but these were of such high quality, it was not an issue at all.  My knife just slide through the meat easily, but it remained firm throughout the meal.  Again, it came with a side sauce, but I didn't bother touching it.  Why mess with perfection?The service was great, but not perfect.  I think since we were just about the only people seated at the chef's bar, it was easy to forget about us (not that our waiter did).  We never had to wait long for a drink and the waiter did a good job of checking in on us.  There was the forgotten stir stick for the gin & tonic and he never did come back to take the second wine request from the hubs (which is just as well since he was eying an expensive half bottle).  Overall though, I have no complaints.While I'll probably never be a steak person, I now know where to take people for an overall fantastic experience.  While I have a few other steakhouses that I like a lot, Pappas managed to keep me completely satisfied with the quality of food, service and ambiance.  There is definitely a reason why Texas Monthly named them the #1 steak joint in the state and I will definitely never argue with that again.
<review# 1899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2009,6/29/2009,159,62,13,14,13>Arriba Pepe! Azucar! This place is in my vicinity if you are a normal person, and well if you are a stalker then its nowhere near my crib. Nope. And well I dig La Vina because of their laid back hole in the wall style atmosphere. Small, yet spacious with plenty of room in between tables. The quanity of the entrees/menu ARE limited, BUT...the quality of the entrees make up for that. I like the ropa vieja which I hear is a very common dish from Cuba. Well, since I'm no 'Cubano' I didnt want to over or under rate the food so my rating is based on overall thoughts. Good food and always packed with customers which can't be bad. Believe it!
<review# 1900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2009,6/28/2009,18,10,7,8,6>Don't know what anything is, but its damn good. Well, at least MY taste buds were dancing for joy. (however, being that it was a buffet, my waistline was was crying for pants two sizes bigger)Although I love indian food, I usually frequent the well-known Madras Pavillion off of Kirby. Trying to stick somewhere closer to my area, I (naturally) Yelped the Indian restaurants closeby. When I read that their buffet was only $7, I was sold!Nothing fancy about the restaurant, but I always judge the authenticity of a restaurant by its customers (you KNOW a Chinese restaurant is too Americanized if there aren't any Chinese people eating there...). I honestly can't name or describe any of the foods I ate, but I put a little of every dish on my plate just to taste. Some were spicy, some were sweet, but all were definitely full of flavor. They have a small salad bar (I was thinking of getting some so that I could eat "healthy", but then I had to stop and remind myself that I didn't come here to try SALAD), an assortment of about 10-12 dishes, some rices and breads, and dessert. Additionally, they also have an entire display of sweets up front (not included in the buffet) that can be overwhelming if you are like me, and want a little bit of everything! I asked the man if he could just make an assortment box of their most popular. We took this home for coffee later, since our stomachs couldn't handle any more food at the moment. Everything was relatively good, but VERY sweet.If you being adventurous for you means having a Big Mac instead of a double cheeseburger at McDonald's, I can't say for sure you will be a fan of this place. Otherwise, I'd say its definitely worth a try at least once. (And for a buffet at 7 bucks... why the heck not?? You can't even get a platter at LUBY'S down the street for that price anymore...)
<review# 1901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2009,6/27/2009,7,7,3,11,6>Wow, I can't believe no one has written this place up.  The owner (Andrew Rebori) used to run a popular Italian place here in Houston called Tutto Bene. Just Dinner is very small - it maybe can seat 40 skinny people, in three small rooms. One room also has a little mini counter with two bar stools. There you can sit and watch the food magic being done in the tiny kitchen.  Or book a dinner party for six or eight and take over one of the rooms. The food is good, with pretty big portions. It's Italian but, upscale, and not just Italian. Best of all, its BYOB, with a modest ($5?) corkage fee, so a night out with friends can be quite reasonable.  Next best after the BYOB and food is Andrew who is a charming host and likely won't turn down your offer to share a taste of your red, even if it is not Italian.  The place is not super fancy, but it's romantic - a nice adventure for a first date, and reasonable.  And the staff are like family - well, at least, the more positive aspects of family.You will likely need reservations on the weekend as it is popular.  I am thinking this place has no reviews as none of the regulars want competition - including me, but then I always forget to make reservations until it's too late.There is no street sign for this place, other than its street number - 1915 - in the window in blue neon.
<review# 1902,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/14/2008,6/26/2009,131,188,5,13,12>Over my lifetime I've been to Americas on 5 occasions.  One of them being when it was still the old decor.    Till this day, Americas is still one of the most creative dining rooms Houston has to offer.  Everytime I walk-in, it's as if I'm walking in for the first time.  It still leaves me impressed; great place for taking clients out.  Last Saturday, my friend decided to throw a birthday dinner there for our party of 15.  Dinner was for 8:00, but we didn't seat ourselves until 8:45.  It wasn't the restaurant's fault, in fact the table was ready when I arrived... it was due to the fact we were downstairs at the bar sipping on mojitos and waiting for our less punctual friends.  You know, the ones who are notoriously late... everybody has one in the group.  Americas was gracious enough to let us hang downstairs till we were liquored and ready.Once everyone was present, we got onto the elevators, was greeted by our hostess and promptly seated at a long table in the middle of the main dining room.  I like that, don't seat me off in seclusion... let me watch people as they come and go.  The winelist was fairly limited... nothing really interested me or reasonably priced to accomodate our entire party.  We just opted for cocktails instead.  Everyone was asking  me on what I recommend on the menu.  Always my favorites were the cerdo, paella dish, and the sea bass.  Anything with seafood was what I considered a safe bet. We placed our orders:  Appetizers were the ...   - Marineros (corn smoked crabfingers)   - Margarita (quesadilla w/ mozzarella & tomato sauce)   - Tiritas (calamari).  All the appetizers were good... in particular the quesadilla was very delicioso!  Light, tasty and very soft but flaky.  As we proceeded to the entree my order was the Inca (potatoe crusted snapper).  Most of the others followed my recommendation and ordered sea bass or a seafood type dish.  Sigh!  Now for the bad part, our entrees did not maintain our excitement throughout the dinner.  I never ordered the Inca before, but my dish was just bland.  The fish just seemingly tasted like reheated frozen fish.  As for the Seabass, I felt embarrassed.  I went on and on about how good the seabass was and it came out bad that night.  It was rubbery in consistency like my Red snapper.  Not flaky at all.  Plus it just tasted really off.  The only entree that came out well was the Arroz, or Paella dish (saffron rice w/ crab meat, fish, shrimp, calamari, scallops and chorizo), that I mentioned earlier.  Now that was very savory and fulfilling.  As I finished half my fish, they did bring out a slice of their tres leches for the birthday girl.  As always, that was rich and delicious.  Too bad the entrees disappoint, but overall our service was great and we had a fun time.  I know it was an off night, because all my previous visits were remarkable.  Hopefully the next time it won't happen again
<review# 1903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2009,6/25/2009,49,81,12,13,11>Set in a nondescript little house on a country road, PO's has been around for about 30 years.  You may have driven past them and not even noticed they were there, or they may have been closed (they're only open 11-3 on Sundays, for crying out loud).  Despite the country hours and the country location, they remain open for good reason: they make kick-ass burgers!  I haven't always been a burger connoisseur, but since going wheat-free (and subsequently having to eat burgers sans buns), I can tell you without a doubt that buns and sauces hide a multitude of burger sins.  Not so at PO's.  I ordered a Mexi-Burger, with chili, cheese, onions, and jalapenos, and all the extras were on the side.  I took a bite before adding everything and wow!  Meat party in my mouth!  I'd even eat a PO's burger without cheese, they're so good.  Juicy but not greasy, nicely seasoned, and perfectly sized; I ordered a half-pound burger and got a half-pound burger.  The chili was very savory, the onions fresh, and the jalapenos so hot, they gave me hiccups.  My husband got a Hot Bob, which has jalapenos in the meat, and couldn't even finish it because it was so filling.  The kids cheeseburger meal was very generous with the portions, and Id Boy relished every bite.  My daughter got a chicken fried chicken meal and said "it was good" (this is considered high praise from her).  We ordered family-size cheese fries and Cajun fries, and when they said "family-size", they meant it!  The Cajun fries were really nothing more than curly fries (think Jack in the Box) but they were good; I prefer the cheese fries only because I'm a cheese addict.The menu is pretty simple, as it should be, but the diner is still given plenty of choice.  You choose a size first (half-pound or quarter-pound), then a meat (beef, ostrich, turkey, buffalo, veggie), and toppings.  There are a couple of specialty burgers (like we got) and various sandwiches, along with good ol' fried country fare like chicken fried steak or shrimp.  You can also get hot dogs or salads, and the fries!  My gods, the fries!  Steak fries, waffle fries, cheese fries, Cajun fries, onion fries...no, I'm not making a lame Forrest Gump joke here, they really love their fries.All in all, an excellent meal.  PO's doesn't try to be anything special, even though their cooking clearly is.  Chain restaurants can keep opening up in Cypress but I don't think it's going to take away any business from PO's.  Good service, and more than fair prices considering the portion sizes.  Don't drive by here next time and think, "I should check this place out".  Just go in and eat.  You'll thank me.
<review# 1904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2009,6/24/2009,124,160,13,17,16>I stopped into Bowl today for a healthy, post-pilates lunch.  I told my son that I knew there would not be anything he would like, but I wanted to eat there anyway and I would get him something afterwards.  When we got inside what a pleasant surprise it was to find out that they had cheese pizza.  The boy was happy and I was happy too.  I ordered the $7.00 salad with 10 toppings, 1 cheese, and 1 dressing and I added a protein of herb chicken for an extra $3.00.  The salad came out only a minute or two before the pizza.  My dressing choice was creamy cilantro lime.  It was not what I expected.  It looked more like an avocado based dip than what I thought I would get (in my mind I had thought it would be more like Chuy's Jalepeno Cream).  However, it was a nice little surprise.  The dressing was very thick, extremely citrus, and quite tangy/spicy. All the salad ingredients were fresh, cold, and crisp.  The chicken was thin sliced like deli meat, but you could tell it was of very high quality.  I am guessing they slice it themselves.  I was full after having eaten the salad.  I probably think that $10.00 for a salad is a little bit steep, but it sure was delicious.  My sons pizza was perfect.  I should not have eaten a slice, but it was calling my name.  Plus, in theory, I needed to have eaten a bit so that I could yelp it.  That's the ticket.  The pizza does have that slightly sweet quality that I fell in love with at Absinthe.  And as per my son, "it was pleasant".  He also says the iced tea was warm before you put it over ice.  And that it was helpful for melting the sugar he put in his tea.
<review# 1905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2009,6/23/2009,84,58,9,11,11>**The BEST Sunday brunch in Houston (Yeah, I said it.  So what?), and the other 13 meals a week ain't bad either! ** I admit, I've gotten lazy. I had been to Backstreet Cafe 3 times and did not review it any of those times. Shame on me. I think part of me wants to keep this gem of a restaurant under wraps as it is already tough enough to score a patio table on a nice Sunday for brunch. Let's be honest, the word is out. The rave reviews on Yelp and any other review site will attest to the mastery of Executive Chef Hugo Ortega. Mr. Ortega is not a flash in the pan as his namesake restaurant Hugo's is pretty fantastic as well. I'm not breaking any hot news by telling people this is a good place to eat. I just hope I can impress upon anyone who is willing to read my ramblings that this is not just a good or great place to eat, it is pretty much one of the BEST places to eat in Houston. A foodie's guilt: After going back for the 4th time in less than 2 months and not writing a review, the guilt of not raving about this gem was totally consuming me as this truly has to be one of the best restaurants in Houston! All 4 dining experiences here were consistently top-notch. Food: Nothing short of unbelievable. I have the shrimp and jalapeno grits for Sunday brunch that were "slap yo' mama" delicious but recommend Backstreet's soft shell crab special when it is in season. I went the weekend before Mothers' day and there was an embargo on their live soft shell for brunch the next weekend. However, my server managed to get the chef to whip up one of the BEST meals I have had in a very long time. If you are a seafood lover and have not experienced the fresh soft-shell at Backstreet, get down there ASAP as it is truly one of the 7 culinary wonders of the world in my opinion! Drink: Backstreet bloody mary? I'll take my friend's word for it that it's good as I'm not a BM kinda dude. Apple Rum Tea? Yes, please. White wine sangria? Don't mind if I do. Wild blueberry mimosa? Why the hell not? Pear mojito? DAMN, I'm glad I live within walking distance as the Drinks certainly do not play 2nd fiddle to the food at Backstreet. It's so seldom that you have a five star food offering paired with an equally amazing drink menu. Bottom line, Backstreet does it like no other place in Houston. I DARE anyone to come up with a contender to this notion. Service: Good food, check. Good drink, double check. What about the service? I would say it's attentive without being too stuffy. Just perfect for a Sunday brunch. I'm generally at brunch, lunch or dinner to talk with the people I'm dining with and not have a server dominate the conversation time during a meal. The guys at Backstreet understand this balance. They are very attentive and friendly while not being in your business too much that you feel like you need to buy them a drink or try to take them home after.... Ambiance: "Very cute" as one of my friends said. While I'm hesitant to call anywhere I hope to frequent as much as Backstreet cute, I'd call it quaint and understated. Nothing too imposing that it would detract from one of the most amazing culinary experiences in the Greater Houston Area. X-Factor: BUY LOCAL AND SUPPORT LOCAL BUSINESSES. I have not met Exec. Chef Hugo Ortega but I hope I can one day so that I can shake his hand and truly thank him for bringing a shining light of culinary restraint and mastery to an otherwise over-the-top dining scene in Houston. Ortega graduated from Houston Community's Culinary Arts program and is the definition of a local business. Yes, times are a bit tough right now, but I have NO qualms about spending money that I know goes to support other people in OUR community. For the quality of food and service, this place is a bargain compared to the other perennial top-5 in Houston. Additionally, there's no faceless corporation thousands of miles away that takes a cut from the people in our community. Bottom Line: There are plenty of great restaurants in Houston. Some are expensive as hell but sacrifice by having overly stuff wait staffs. Some have great food, but leave you thirsty for good booze after the meal. However, Backstreet doesn't make any sacrifices as it delivers a 10 out of 10 dining experience. Backstreet breathes rarefied air as it has achieved the highly elusive triple crown of culinary experiences: 1. Amazing food, 2. Equally outstanding drinks and 3. Attentive and appropriate service. Add on top of that the fact that Backstreet is as local of a business as they come, and I truly have NO reservations calling this my favorite restaurant in Houston! Game on to the competition. For the sake of all of Houston's foodies, I hope the rest of you can raise your game. I'm done.
<review# 1906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2009,6/22/2009,77,240,12,17,15>Best Steakhouse in a city full of expensive steak restaurants. I have eaten here 5 times now, as evidenced by my ever expanding waistline. It is just not the place to tread carefully calorie-wise. I think the steak is wonderful, it is always cooked to perfection, I am a rib eye fan and it is delicious here. The sides are amazing and big enough for 4 people to share two of them and have some left over. The only reason this is a four, not five star review is that they charge over $9 for all the desserts and they are all very sweet so after blowing out your arteries on the main event it would be nice to finish with a sorbet. However, I refuse to pay $9.25 for a scoop of flavored ice.
<review# 1907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2009,6/21/2009,89,231,12,17,17>"They stab it with their steely knivesBut the just can't kill the beast."-- Eagles (lyric from Hotel California)Although this quotation includes a playful nod to the band, Steely Dan, and is part of an extended metaphor for hedonistic Los Angeles high life in the 1970's, it could be a description of diners at a Brazilian Churrascaria futilely trying to keep up with gauchos bringing never-diminishing massive skewers of meat to their table. Because I invited the succulently rare pink flesh to keep coming, I was completely engorged and dripping from the tip of every sweat-saturated pore following a mouth-watering hour of carnal excess at Nelore last night.Trust me. This is a food review and nothing more. So, if innuendo dribbling from my description of being stuffed and sweaty has taken your imagination anywhere except down the straight and narrow path of excessive meat consumption, clear your head now so that you can fully envision the five star culinary experience offered by Nelore. This is particularly important to me since my first visit here was a dad/daughter date with my 16-year-old daughter. It is also an inspirational tale of how an excellent business can snatch a magnificent victory from the jaws of defeat.When we arrived, we were shown to a table in the corner with a nice view of oak-lined Montrose Blvd. There was a large group of businessmen near us, but the restaurant had erected a folding screen made up of wood panels between us and their table. It was as if we had our own little niche to ourselves. I couldn't choose between a French Cabernet and an Argentine Malbec, so the sommelier brought me a sample of both and I opted for the fruity boldness of the Malbec over the old country refinement of the Cab. Taking my advice, my daughter immediately flipped her "bring me meat" coaster to the green side and began charming the gauchos who flocked to our corner. I went into an adjacent room to sample the salad bar strictly for the purpose of this review.At this point we encountered a near-disaster. I brought my salad plate back to the table and was enjoying a sun dried tomato in a bed of lettuce when an overly enthusiastic gaucho serving my daughter bumped into the wooden partition. It came crashing down onto our table. My Malbec splattered to the four corners of the compass but managed to miss us. A bottle of Panna water was upturned and soaked what the wine had missed. The partition was precariously leaning on the table between us. My daughter, in a deadpan stage whisper, muttered, "Goodness!" I stifled a laugh. The waitstaff were mortified but launched into a flurry of activity. The head waiter came over and told me they were going to comp our whole meal. I smiled broadly. They offered to move us to the adjacent table, but I asked them whether we could just wait while they cleaned up ours because our little corner niche was so nice. In less time than you could say, "Fique tranquilo," (Portuguese for "Don't worry"), we were again sitting at our table as plates, wine, water and utensils began magically appearing.After all the excitement, I was ready for some serious meat eating. The gauchos converged. Between the two of us we devoured who-knows-how-many pounds of meat. To keep this review simple, I'll tell you what the few disappointments were: the Filet Mignon wrapped in bacon (the bacon overwhelmed the beef--curiously, the bacon wrapped chicken was great), the lamb chops (excessively minty) and the Parmesan-crusted pork (over-cooked and dry). Everything else was fabulous, but the house specialty, Picanha (a prime cut of top sirloin), was heavenly. After a while, we shooed away all of the gauchos except the one with the Picanha skewer.Miraculously, I found room in my belly to down a cappuccino along with a dessert of papaya cream. My daughter dug into a chocolate mousse cake but could only finish half of it. The papaya cream with Cassis Liqueur poured over it was wonderfully light and cleared my palate with aplomb. I'm told it's great for your digestion too and I needed as much help as I could get.The whole meal normally would have come to over $130, but they told us we didn't owe them a thing. I insisted that they bill me for something so that I could give the waitstaff the very generous tip that they deserved. My wallet was only lightened by the cost of the cappuccino and a $30 tip. I will be back and will be happy to pay the normal fare.You can't review a Brazilian Churrascaria in Houston without benchmarking against Fogo De Chao. However, in the case of Nelore, it's a bit like comparing apples to oranges. Fogo is a bit more expensive than Nelore's $37.95 set price for the food. Fogo also has a more impressive salad bar. If I were with a large party, I think I would prefer Fogo's atmosphere. However, with a small party or for a romantic dinner with my lovely wife, Nelore's setting is much nicer. Bottom-line, they are both superb places for a meaty foodgasm.
<review# 1908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2009,6/20/2009,419,749,14,15,13>Two words: POPPYSEED.  LOAF.  You pretty much don't need to know anything else.Three Brothers is a Houston institution.  I used to get all of my birthday cakes from this place via my grandmother, and as a result they're  forever burned into my mind as to what a cake "should" taste like.  Buttercream frosting so sweet it hurts your teeth, a ridiculously moist interior...perfect.  As I got older I discovered their poppyseed loaf, which is a pastry filled to bursting with poppyseed filling.  It's ridiculously expensive--I think I remember it being something like $12-14 a pound due to the price of the seeds--but oh, God, is it ever worth it.  When I hit a rough patch with the folks, I once took a slice over to their house on a Sunday morning as a peace offering.Other highlights include their day-old section, which means you can get amazing quality bagels, rolls and cookies for pennies, and since it's in the middle of Meyerland, of course everything that's kosher is marked as such.During Ike, Three Brothers was damaged, and they still haven't opened back up again, though they've vowed to return.  I can only hope that they do, and soon.  Did I mention how much I'm jonesing for their poppyseed loaf?
<review# 1909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2009,6/19/2009,53,60,8,13,12>Purdy darn bueno for comida rapida... My favorite here is the ropa vieja plate. You get shredded beef, fried plantains, white rice, black beans, and choice of corn or wheat tortillas for $7.99. Can't beat that - especially for the amount of food and quality / fresh taste. Close to work for me, so I stop by here plenty often for fast food - once every couple weeks. Other items are good as well, but the only thing I'm not a fan of here is the ceviche. They have a to-go window and that is where I normally get my food from, but I have eaten in a couple times. Once walked into a birthday party that was going on here with some cub scouts and felt out of place as there was only one table left for a friend and I and everyone was speaking in Spanish.
<review# 1910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2009,6/18/2009,103,225,2,9,8>Soma is ultra trendy with modern decor and an awesome happy hour menu!The bar chairs were so comfy and they have a large area near the bar with couches and tables.  Had the Crazy Irishman roll and California Roll. The rolls are huge! Tasted fresh and none of that yucky crab mix filler.  Premium cocktails are only $6 and my cosmo was strong and tasty! Most of the rolls and other items on the happy hour menu were under $10. Servers and bartenders were prompt and friendly.  A DJ showed up around 7pm and started playing chill house music in the background.Didn't get a chance to check out the patio, but it looked inviting!Great place for a Girls Night Out or dinner and drinks before a night on the town.
<review# 1911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2009,6/17/2009,3163,3020,9,15,9>The COW Bites!So I've been here a couple of times but none since I have joined yelp.  Well today I had the opportunity to come back.  First, this place has a waiting area full of complimentary beverages and popcorn.  Who else gives you free food while you wait?!?!  It makes the wait, even if a short one fly by.Now once we were seated the aweseomeness continued.  All of their entrees come with a complimentary salad bar.  So you expect it to be a pretty lame salad bar since it's free, but NO!  Taste of Texas delivers a mean salad bar.  The spinach was fresh, the toppings were plentiful, and fresh cheese is a must!!!A good steak place to me is defined by their filet.  Well this place outdoes itself.  They served Certified Angus Beef!!!  I always get my steaks medium, and this place served it perfect, brown on the outside with a pink center.  Now with their steaks they offer a free wrap of bacon, lemon pepper rub, or/and a sizzling garlic plate.The bacon is not necessary, but the lemon pepper and the hot garlic plate is a MUST.  It comes out on a metal plate in the shape of a cow.  When the waiter places down the hot plate, they give you a warning of "the cow bites".  These plates are scorching!!! The aroma that resonates from the steak is orgasmic.  As far as the sides go, the sweet potato fries were eh...the asparagus was meh also.  But the steak itself is worth the 5 stars.I was way too stuffed for dessert but they offer more than 9 delicious desserts from what I remember.
<review# 1912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2009,6/16/2009,156,216,13,15,13>HEAVEN ON EARTH!!! That is all I should have to write and I will have the review of the day.I went here today, because I grew up in Cypress and wanted to see some old faces, we went here after lunch and I immediately saw the Almond Delight, I love love anything having to do with delight so I told the lady give me that.  I got the regular size, there is only a regular or large by the way.  The regular is big!!! (thats what she said?)  Very large size for what you get and it was so so so so amazing!  Yummmmmmmmy!!!!!I will seriously drive with anyone that wants to go here, it is so good, but its like 30-40 min from where I live, but I don't care by any means.  Yes, heaven on earth.
<review# 1913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2009,6/15/2009,83,174,8,14,9>ok so i was holding out to give an unbiased review after "that one" finished her first two week session @ TAA.  i can hold it no more.  today we went for our second day of classes(we have MWF classes), and i'm officially a fan of Charyl and The Aquatic Academy.  let me start by saying, "that one" had lessons last summer at the high falootin Pearland Swim Academy.  after two weeks of camp there, i basically paid $200 for her to sharpen her pool socialization skills.  the class ratio for her age at that time, was 3 students to 1 coach, who by the way was a very nice High School kid, but not a great instructor.  "that one" nearly drowned the first class, while he was working with one of the other students and his back was turned to the other two.  but why am i bringing up old stuff?ok, so fast forward to today.  monday was our first lesson with Charyl @ TAA.  we lucked out and basically have a private lesson, as no one else registered for our time slot!  love that!  Charyl was able to acquire the confidence of "that one" much sooner than i anticipated.  her method of teaching is patient but persistent.  i am so impressed with how much my little mermaid is already accomplishing  and even aspiring to do.  check out her bio on her website, she's got it going on!  even her own kids are little fish!
<review# 1914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2009,6/14/2009,256,89,12,18,13>How can I have missed visiting this charming little place in all my years living in Houston? Shameful, I know.I loved the layout of the place,it has so much character and makes you feel relaxed and welcome. They offer a decent selection of wine, beer, tea,coffee, cheeses, and I also saw some desserts. Since I came here yesterday,a Wednesday night, I was excited to see the belly dancers perform.There were two of them, they were both very lovely and put on quite the show with their sultry Shakira swaying hips. As I looked around the room I saw a couple guys with their mouths open. One particular girl that was there on what looked like a date seemed quite upset at her guy, I thought it was funny.Who could blame him for staring? At one point the belly dancers let the people join them on the dance floor to practice dancing with them, that was entertaining to watch also.We sat upstairs, boy those are some steep stairs, good thing for the extra support rail they added on one side or people who had more than  a couple drinks would never make it up. They also have a nice patio on the second floor, useful  for all of you,a-hum, smokers. The jukebox is also a plus, as well as the reading material they offer in case you actually want to learn something while sipping your hot chocolate or whatever.I am certain I will be back very soon, that fifth star is just a visit away I think.
<review# 1915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2009,6/13/2009,26,96,7,10,10>So I'm pretty sure I emitted quite an audible "squeee!" upon entering this store. If you're like me and must make a pilgrimage to the housewares section of your favorite Asian grocery every time you visit, then going to FIT will make you feel like Veruca Salt entering the gates of Willy Wonka's chocolate factory for the first time.This store has everything for your home and office that you never knew you possibly needed. Everything from dozens of different kinds of plastic trays to sponge holders and even packages of the little plastic grass you sometimes find with sushi. Or perhaps you would like to make a little Japanese Zen garden display upon your desk or bookcase? Well, they even have all the miniature wooden supplies (including bridges, frogs and fish) for you to do so! There are also the to-be-expected sake sets and chopsticks but, like I said, the real draw here is in all the stuff you never you needed. And all so cheap, too! Everything is $2, unless noted by a colored dot. Then the price will still be a reasonable $3 or $5, and this is usually for slightly larger items. I could spend hours in this store just looking at everything. My cart is filled up, too, before I know it!Also, here's just a note about finding FIT. It is located UPSTAIRS in a new strip center at the 9900 block of Bellaire. If you're going from 59 South to the Beltway, you'll exit Bellaire, turn right, and the strip center will be on your right. I believe it's called Le Huang. Then you'll have to drive all the way around to the back of the center, and Fit is directly across from Tofu Village. It's worth the adventure!
<review# 1916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2008,6/12/2009,118,142,5,13,11>I just realized I haven't written a review of Discovery Green despite the fact that I am in love with this park! WTF?Ok, so I'm still pretty stoked from such a beautiful evening of snow, hot chocolate and ice skating... I love this park so much because it's was about time Houston deserved a park with so much to do for everyone one in the family, including furry friends. What is there not to like about this magnificent, eco-friendly park? It was free wifi, lots of seating, delicious food, two dog parks, a fun playground, public art, people watching, great view of downtown, plenty of parking, a lake, fountains, performing art stage... my list could continue but I think you get my point. I love that outdoor ice skating has been brought back to downtown. It had been too long since the rink outside of Foley's... when it was still a Foley's! For 10 measly dollars, you are guaranteed a great hour and a half of ice skating which includes skate rental! Where else are you going to get a bargain like this? I love the fact that the Discovery Green website is always up to date with easy to read calendar. Check it out before you go so you are able to see/do everything possible! It's funny how this place has become one of my favorite place to gather friends and catch up. I think if I lived closer, I'd be there everyday!
<review# 1917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2009,6/11/2009,251,713,16,17,16>I love the name of this bar. Love. What else would you name a bar on Banks street? I love baseball and Ernie Banks was a legend. "Mr. Cub." "Mr. Sunshine." He played in more games than any other Cub. He hit 512 home runs in his major league career. (This places him at #21 in all time home runs; directly behind Ted Williams.) He's been in the Hall of Fame for over thirty years. Amazing legend. I mentioned his second nickname, Mr Sunshine, because that is the vibe here. Light, happy, and very convivial. This is a great little neighborhood bar that can accommodate large groups. I met a posse of about twenty yelpers here and had a blast. The downstairs reminds me of the proverbial dive bar. Dark, carpeted, only a few people...all sitting at the bar. Oh, and there was the jukebox. A real jukebox (thank you!). I didn't put any money in, but it had a pleasant collection. Anything a drunk frat boy would want to hear. Pleasant, but generic. If I had cash on me (my purse was upstairs), I would have played the entire collection of AC/DC for the people sitting downstairs. :) Upstairs is also carpeted. I would normally say, "gross!" but as it provided a bit of cushion when I fell, I'll refrain. On that note, be very careful when reentering the bar from the balcony/terrace, there is a step down. If you wear glasses, are talking to someone, or have had a glass of wine, be extra careful! I thankfully didn't spill the entire glass down my arm; I have a uncanny ability to not spill or drop glasses of wine. Beyond that, I'm clumsy. There are a couple of dart boards upstairs and also a pool table. I accidentally almost won a dart game, plus I got a true bulls-eye when I was losing. I never play, so I was a little impressed. (I'm more of a pool player.)
<review# 1918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2009,6/10/2009,13,25,6,9,7>Are you having trouble finding authentic, home-made Japanese food? We're not talking about sashimi, nigiri, rolls, tempura, you know.. the typical food we see at a Japanese restaurant - I'm talking more like their typical, yet unique meals Japanese families like to eat.. ie. croquettes, natto fermented beans, sukiyaki, shabu shabu, etc!Well... I am proud to announce that we have such a place in HOUSTON, TX! My friend introduced this place to me and she mentioned that this restaurant has an "American" AND a "Japanese" menu. I didn't know what she was meant until right when we walked in, and I saw this hardcore "Japanese menu" at the front table and 2 Japanese men on the side chit chatting and sipping beer. I felt like I was in Japan again at a cozy, dim-lighted sushi bar. Great mini-moment.So this Japanese menu.... it's a menu in Japanese with no English translations, and it's handwritten in pen. Hardcore right? If you can't read Japanese, you'll be stumped but you can always ask for recommendations if you're feeling adventurous. My friend and I were feeling adventurous and ordered a few things we've never had before. We even thought of just pointing at something on the menu and just ordering that w/o knowing what it was. We ended up ordered Toba (dried salmon), Enoki Mushrooms with White Fish (baked in a buttery sauce), and Aji Shisoha Age (fresh Aji fish wrapped with shiso leaf & fried) with the help of our friendly waitress. When I took my first bite into each of these dishes, I had an "errrr? interesting....." reaction to them because I've never had this taste before. I don't have these moments very often. The last time I recall having this moment was when I had Uni for the first time and blowfish sashimi in Japan a few years ago. Awesome stuff! And sooo... these dishes started growing on me right after that.However, their Japanese cooking is authentic (not the typical, trendy fusion Japanese food we are getting used to) and delicious. My friend quoted our dinner here last night as "that was stupid good!" aka... deliriously good! Check this place out if you are feeling open-minded and willing to try their Japanese menu. I plan on coming back asap. Don't forget to end the night with fresh mochi or a sasadango (Japanese confectionery). The 3 dishes + desserts came out to be $40.----2nd Time at this restaurant tonight!The waitress recommended some more items and we had no regrets. Try their Gyu Tataki (raw/seared thin beef slices with the perfect light ginger sauce and sauteed onions) and Ankimo (monkfish liver). We noticed that their special dishes should be eaten slowly so you can savor the taste and texture of each bite. It's like you have the urge to understand and appreciate how the food is made... The Ika Tempura and Naoki Roll were decently yummy too! :) What I liked about the roll was that there isn't too much rice. I tasted a lot of the spicy tuna and avocado. Their Uni on the otherhand was on the expensive side (1 order -- 2 pieces = $12.50) but the 3 pieces of uni per sushi was well worth it... boy was it some thick uni! In any case, at a restaurant like this, it seems like their sashimi turnaround isn't as quick as other Japanese restaurants and they won't be able to buy in big bulks bc of that reason. Let's not order Uni here next time.. although it was good. I'm used to max $5 per uni order, what can I say?By far, one of the best finds of Houston...!!!
<review# 1919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2009,6/9/2009,64,77,8,17,11>I s'pose I should wait til after I actually TRY the food to rate it [blah, blah - I'll do an update later]. I've had quite a few twitter friends talk about My Fit Foods recently. I've struggled with my weight for ... well, as long as I can remember.  I've done South Beach, Biggest Loser and Weight Watchers and am currently on a combo of all three.  My biggest challenge is making meals for 1 and variety ... ok, so my BIGGEST obstacle is time to cook/prepare my meals. This morning I went to their website to check out their offerings and place an order [as said previously, you can order your meals online] but I couldn't find the nutritional info for some of the meals I wanted to try so I stopped in this afternoon to check it out. WOW! I was greeted immediately but not in a salesmanish way.  William was really nice and so, SO helpful.  They went out of their way to get me the information I needed and then, when he found out it was my first time, he gave me one SWEET, SWEET deal.  I ended up spending what I would spend on my groceries for the week but got some seriously awesome meals for the week - like salmon + veggies and portabello mushroom pizza. Long story long, I'm eating better food [not only healthier but actually better!], more variety since I won't be eating the same darn left overs all week that I cooked Sunday [guess that also falls under 'not wasting food' since I throw out 1/2 of what I cook], and saving time so I can actually fit in my a.m. workout. Update to follow later this week re: taste. [cross-your-fingers!]
<review# 1920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2009,6/8/2009,8,27,9,9,8>Look out sommeliers!  Thia knows more about tea that you could possibly know about wine.She can tell you everything you wanted to know about tea...including how they are processed and where they are grown.  My favorite story is about a tea that grows on mountain sides so steep they train monkeys to pick the tea leaves. She is full of amazing facts.And if you have allergies, go see her!  She has a tea that will help with many health issues.
<review# 1921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2009,6/7/2009,181,21,5,16,13>I resisted writing this review for a few months because I like to keep my favorite spots to myself so they don't get crowded but I think it's time to share the love. Fu Fu has THE BEST Chinese food in terms of authenticity & value that I have had in Houston. I've been there at least 10 times and the food is very consistent.  The portion sizes are generous (family style) and we always end up with leftovers to feed us for at least a week.  The total bill for the pic I uploaded to their profile was $47 and it included all the items below plus a beer & 1 Coke. What a bargain!My favorite dishes:Won Ton Soup $4, serves 4 people (2 won tons each)Combination Pan Fried Noodles (Crispy)Orange Peel BeefSalty Fish Fried Rice with ShrimpSteamed Clams with Basil SauceThe service is decent...don't expect a lot of small talk from the waitstaff because they are super busy and can speak limited English. I suspect they are short-staffed and work long hours because no matter what time I go (lunch or dinner) the same servers always there.  Just be patient and I promise you will enjoy the food no matter how long you wait!
<review# 1922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2009,6/6/2009,5,1,6,13,8>My lady was having a bad day at work and wanted to go out to eat & drink. She found Lucio's BYOB and Grill on Yelp and this was our first time to dine here. I hoped two bottles was enough to melt her worries away.It gets crowded on weekends so make sure you make reservations. Parking is a bit of an issue so arrive a bit early as well.The walls of this quaint place are adorned with local art, the tables with white linen and tea-light candles are scattered throughout. Crowded but comfy. Our small round table was especially comfy since it was pushed up against the wall.Even though freshly baked bread with whipped butter was served, we had to taste Lucio's signature crab cakes in a citrus vanilla bean cream and mango salsa ($12) for ourselves. The crab cakes were delightful and truly lived up to all the hype. The cakes were at least 80% quality white crab meat with about 10% being the larger back fin lump meat. I can't stand it when there is more bread crumbs, vegetables, and junk fillers than crab meat. The batter is very delicate, almost non-existing. While the citrus cream adds that needed acidity, the vanilla bean flavor in the cream and mango dices compliments the cakes with its sweetness.  Very nice indeed.For the main course, my lady ordered the legendary sea scallops and shrimps with butternut squash risotto ($22). Literally, everything was seasoned and cooked perfectly. The scallops were tender and not rubbery at all. The shrimps were firm and moist. The butternut squash and risotto was spot on. Yes, the reviews on Yelp about this dish are right on.I had the prosciutto wrapped pork chop with duxelle and mashers ($23). I didn't care for braised red cabbage and Corey, the great server, was happy to substitute it with asparagus without a fuss. I could not identify the types of mushrooms in the duxelle since the cream was the primary ingredient of the pork chop stuffing. I suspect some brining of the pork chop since it was so juicy, but not too much because it was not salty at all. The highlight of this dish is how the flavors of the duxelle and pork are tied together with the grilled prosciutto. Make sure you get equal portions of each on your fork to enjoy the depth of the flavor of this dish. To me, this is the type of flavor that provides home cooks the inspiration and aspiration in their kitchen. This is the kind of dish that legends are made from. Bravo!!We got the bread pudding and lavender crème brulee for dessert ($8 each). Both were great, but I must say the lavender crème brulee was a fantastic twist to something so classic. Its crackly crust was so fun to crack open with the backhanded snap of my wrist & spoon to expose the warm, creamy interior.  The crème brulee was as smooth as Marvin Gaye.For me, the highlight of the night was when I asked the server who made the lavender crème brulee, he answered that The Executive Chef did. Wanting to be certain about the cooking technique for the desert, I asked the server if he could politely ask for me. I never want to intrude on the chef's time and efforts. Instead, he offered to invite Brett, The Executive Chef, to speak with us at our table since it was closing time. Chefs are like rock stars to me.  Long story short, it was very nice to be able to exchange a few words about technique, ideas, & inspiration with an Executive Chef who is very approachable and down to earth. With the BYOB option, $5 cork fee, cozy & warm ambiance, and a menu that reads AND tastes like many of Houston's most prestigious restaurants, the reasonable prices for this caliber of food is why I give Lucio's a solid 5-stars. It's such a great value without any compromises on service, flavor, or quality. Lucio's BYOB and Grill has it all.
<review# 1923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2009,6/5/2009,165,170,13,16,14>A great park with an even awesome view of Houston DT.Lace up those DC shoes and get your ass to this park! Free to the public, but you must sign in to skate. You will find a wide range of skaters-- from kiddos, potential X-game wannabe's, and geriatric has-beens. They have deep bowls, shallow bowls, grinding rails, and ramps. There were many people just people watching and every now and then giving an "oOoO and ahhh" to the skating skills. There were also several birthday parties going on, which is such a great idea for the little ones.So come here to freshin' up on your ollies and kick flips!
<review# 1924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2009,6/4/2009,265,191,16,15,14>This review is for the Rice U running trail only. Started running this trail last week after joining the BON 5K running club. This trail gives me a break from my usual treadmill routine at the gym, and really gets my mind completely zoned out...in fact, I was so zoned out last week I actually got lost!!!! Lol. I know what you're thinking. How the hell do u get lost in a loop??? Let's just say it was one of those "Larae moments" where I completely get lost in my thoughts. With the bountiful trees that line the trail and the flowers along the side, I couldn't help but zone out! The only reason I started coming out of my trance was when I noticed the sun was starting to set, and I was getting ridiculously tired. I had somehow missed a turn here and there and had to ask directions back to my Rice Village starting point, 1.5hours later. Oops! Long story short, this is a beautiful trail that can really give you a good mental break.
<review# 1925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2009,6/3/2009,40,93,15,11,14>The number of times I have been here, it seems very odd that I am just now yelping it. Friday night I was set in charge of planning a friend's birthday. She and her boyfriend don't go out much. Don't really dress up much, and could not decide on what sort of partying they wanted. El Patio it is. I notice a lot of people don't have great things to say about the food, But I have never gone with anyone who didn't enjoy their meal. They definitely pass the Cheese Enchiladas test and their Sunrise Enchiladas (Cheese enchiladas with Fried Eggs) are righteous. 5 meals with apps and 2 pitchers of margaritas came out to $150. Not discussing Blue Margarita's would be sacrilegious, so here it goes. These are toxic. They taste like frozen Tequila with a hint of lime. I love them.  What I love more is taking people, warning them very seriously about the side effects, and then watching them totally disregard everything I said. Two pitchers of Blue Margarita's basically cause complete and utter chaos within my small group of friends Friday night. Dinner at 7. Few drinks afterwards at surrounding bars. Back at my apartment by 9:30 rolling around on the floor giggling like children.
<review# 1926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2009,6/2/2009,23,21,10,15,12>Christian and I have a standing date every Saturday afternoon. Oh, and my husband Mark and our friends John and Carey are there, too.The burgers here have long been touted as the best, I think they're great. I give them a 4.5 - not the best EVER but pretty darn good. Huge as well. But that's all been well documented.What I crave are the french fries. Not too hard, not too limp, just the right amount of crispy then soft. Holds up well to a good bit of ketchup then melts in your mouth. I'll tell you a little secret: sometimes I don't even get to my burger. Which brought about my foray into the other great items the Totem has to offer. They make an awesome BLT. The lettuce and tomatoes are always so fresh and the bacon is crunchy (not burnt!). Yay! I have a not-quite-as-fattening alternative!Also, Carey swears by the hand-battered goodness of their chicken fingers. I tried them, they are pretty yummy. Everything here is just so classic. There are no special sauces or unexpected flavors. They stick to the basics and they do it well. Plus, they have RC Cola... Awesome.-1 Star for:1. Lack of a few good (non-broken) high chairs. (This affects my good for kids vote).2. Every single time I go I modify my order (extra mayo on the side, please). They have not yet delivered, but I am holding out hope for next Saturday.
<review# 1927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2009,6/1/2009,54,39,12,15,14>So it's finally here, the first sushi joint I have reviewed that warrants four stars, and a thoroughly well earned four stars here at Sushi King. Almost every joint I have been to here in H-town has been somewhat lacking, I mean don't get me wrong there are loads of half decent sushi joints here that I would go back to but all in all they were missing something, whatever it is, Sushi King has it. First off is the decor, it looks cool, modern and sleek whilst also retaining a bit of warmth and doesn't make you feel like you're in some warehouse with bare roofing like a lot of gaff's here in Houston. There is even a quaint little patio bit with "authentic" feng-shui-ed rock garden however last night was far too humid and sticky to be out but I scored a nice table right by the window. My main man was "tinkling the ivories" last night on the old piano and boy was he good, I kept on hearing old classics mixed in with some new tunes that got my feet tapping and almost made me ask the waitress for a mic so I could bust out a rhyme, or something like that. The main event, the food. YES! Fresh as can be, another pet hate of mine about a lot of places here is the freshness, I feel a lot of the hand rolls are made a good few hours before hand and slapped in the fridge until ordered, not the best way for what is essentially a product that must be fresh every time. Sushi King did not fail here, the fish was as fresh as could be and melted in my mouth, I cannot stress how pleased I am to have finally come to this highly recommended joint and taste real, properly fresh sushi! They had some drinks offers on the go and don't tell anyone as I would not want my rugged masculine reputation to be ruined but I did find myself ordering a Pineapple Mojito, amazing! This was followed by a Mango Mojito, not so great, but I could see from the menu a full bar was available so fill you boots kids! As I say, I am so pleased to have finally come here, such a change from a lot of the banging, drum n bass style sushi gaff's in H-town and for pretty much the same price the freshness and comfort means I may have finished my hunt for really good sushi in Houston. Go and you will be back, just remember to give me a call so I can tag along!
<review# 1928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2009,5/31/2009,47,192,6,11,8>Let's put it all out there. I like this place because I can walk there from my house, it's cheap, and because I have a love affair with pasta and Parmesan but never actually make it at home. And the patio is nice (minus the dried up fountain) and the interior is adorable. The owner is extremely friendly, he gave my friends and I wine on the house once! And there's sooooo much food, tasty at that, for the price. Most meals come with a salad, soup, and bread. My only issue, as a vegetarian, is that none of the waiters seem to know what's in that delicious lentil soup (I have a feeling it's some kind of meat) and so I feign ignorance and eat it anyway (it's really tasty...I'm bad, I know). The service is fantastic, and they're absolutely flexible when it comes to making meat dishes veggie-friendly. Did I mention they give you as much Parmesan as you want? Before I get all googly eyed, here's a couple negatives about the place:-The brunch stinks. I don't even remember what I ordered that one time, it was that forgettable. -It's never full, which is strange because it's good and cheap, which gives you the feeling that the place is never open.Go to Riva's and give them some business. I feel like it's a well-kept secret here in the 'trose, and you'll like it once you check it out.
<review# 1929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2008,5/30/2009,90,255,6,11,9>I am sitting here in utter shock and horror that I've been on Yelp for this long and have not written about Dolce Vita.  Sheer insanity!Truly, this is the best pizza in town.  It's Tuscan-style, so the crust is thin, crunchy, and the perfect palette to present incredibly fresh seasonal ingredients to the huddled masses inside.  There is always a big wait and no reservations are taken for small groups, so go early or be prepared to have a few drinks prior to being seated.Back to seasonal pizza: try the pear, arugula, and taleggio pizza: sounds weird, I know, but it's out of this world.  If it's actually chilly in Houston and you're craving the tastes of fall, go for the butternut squash, sausage, and red onion pizza (add the egg in the middle for only $1 - yum).  It's the only way to celebrate a cold front!Make sure to go beyond pizza and order a few other items from the menu to round out your meal: highlights include gnocchi al ragu (with meat sauce), gorgonzola with honey, calimari with chopped mint and orange, prosciutto, and the pumpkin goat cheese croquettes.  The bread they bring you is actually pizza crust: meat or cheese as a complement.If you actually have room for dessert (doubtful if you did it right), do something simple like gelato and share it.  If you drank too much wine and were seated on the top floor, have someone help you down the stairs.  Otherwise you'll be gracefully falling on your face and then saving face to all the bar patrons.
<review# 1930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2009,5/29/2009,305,161,9,15,16>The latest creation from the Floyd/ Caswell team inherits a legendary location in the Montrose.  Housed in "Mings" old digs, this is Montrose's one and only slider shack.  Come to think of it, it might be Houston's only slider shack.  Options now abound for the late night dinner looking to polish off a night w/ some grub @ the intersection of Montrose and Westheimer.Based on the popular beef sliders @ REEF, there are two new options here: chicken and mushroom.  The chicken is fantastic Chick-fil-a mini w/ a good crunch and dressed simply w/ pickles.  The mushroom is a brave design with a crunchy fried exterior and hot as magma interior of cheese and mushroom.  And of course, the beef is medium rare, topped w/ onions and the siracha remoulade on the side.  All the burgers come on a soft, eggy bun.  Fries and shakes round out the rest of the very modest menu.  For $5 and change you get any 3 sliders you like.  I'd rank em: Chicken, beef, mushroom.Once the patio is fully furnished, this will be among the best in Houston for people watching.  It is massive.  Couple that w/ cold beer and a small but varied and good wine list, this will be a great spot afternoon or after bar.  Open until 3am on the weekend, and tons of parking.  And w/ a juke box heavy on Beastie Boys and Sublime, you know I'm lovin it.
<review# 1931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2009,5/28/2009,153,176,13,13,14>Came here for a Sunday UYE put on by the wonderful Shazia. I had never had Ethiopian food but had been looking forward to this event. Of course, I had the typical mindset before hand; would Sally Struthers be in there trying to get me to sponsor a baby, would I have flies all over me, would the food come in parcels being dropped from airplanes, would the Red Cross be serving it up, would I even be full, etc. When driving up, one wouldn't think this place would be that great. It's in a strip mall and not even a very nice strip mall at that. Houston has been proving me wrong with their strip malls. Some of the places I've gone too have been in these, and they have been fantastic. This place keeps up with proving me wrong. You walk in and there are a few tables and a few eating areas with stools, a little round table, and dividers. The aroma of the foods right when you walk in is mouth watering. Shazia took the reins on what to order and we did the Blue Nile special that fed 4 and then added 2 more items to accommodate the 6 of us. It's served with moist bread called injera that you use as a utensil. It has a neutral flavor and doesn't take taste away from your main item. I honestly don't know exactly what we ordered, but we had a little of everything. I stayed clear of one item that I heard was way spicy. I don't enjoy sweating while I eat and therefore don't care for hot foods. Everything was delicious. I would have liked more salad and there was another vegetarian item that I couldn't get enough of.I will definitely come back here and this is one of the few restaurants that I'll crave. I'm already wanting to go back and have more. It's a great place for groups or taking a date.
<review# 1932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2009,5/27/2009,219,287,9,12,10>In an effort to be sociable and to provide my pooch with a descent walk on weekend mornings I frequent this place. I must say I love their coffee. It is my answer to our lack or nonexistence of Dunkin Donuts (best coffee ever). It is always good people watching and the staff is friendly. In addition, I am a big advocate of the private business owner and his/her creative efforts to make it in this era of corporate dominance (though I love DD coffee). I do think their baked items are somewhat pricey relative to other coffee shops. However, for two bucks you can have the "bottomless" cup of coffee... Where can you find that elsewhere these days?
<review# 1933,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/12/2009,5/26/2009,211,151,6,8,8>If I were Latina, I would definitely be a Boriqua. There are very few Puerto Rican restaurants in Houston and I really wish I could give this place 4 stars, but because of the price, I have to bring it down to 3 stars.After a trip to Puerto Rico, I fell in love with the culture, the people, and the food. I love mofongo. It's a typical Puerto Rican dish that is mashed plantains stuffed with meat or seafood (typically beef, shrimp, or chicken). I was really craving some mofongo and this place is close to my house so I thought it'd be a great place to try.The food was delicious and pretty authentic, but the mofongo wasn't stuffed! I ordered my mofongo with bistec (beef steak) and the plantains and beef were served side by side rather than stuffed. It was also almost $20 for it which is pretty steep.Aside from that, the service is great. The lady that owns and works there is very sweet, as are all the Boriquas I've met. I've heard there's a small Puerto Rican restaurant near Montrose called Tex Chick which is supposed to be pretty good so I'll give that a shot if I need some mofongo.
<review# 1934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2009,5/25/2009,65,9,6,8,9>So the irony is I found Pink's through Yelp, right? Now... I'm a pizza lover. Might as well call me an addict. I needed a fix this weekend and Pink's came thorugh in the clutch. I don't think I've tasted a pizza with New York style and CPK (California Pizza Kitchen for the short bus riders) creativity. When it comes to me and the places I eat, I have a tendency to like places that are out of the ordinary and have a sense of indiduality. I just hate that I couldn't find it at first (I'ma blame the GPS on that one). When I got there I noticed the concert posters. But immediately taking my attention away was a nice welcome. I look again at a guy eating a slice and this... was... a big... slice!! So I ordered a large 1/2 That Guy and 1/2 The Big Sleep (it was me and my girlfriend). Never thought I'd like goat cheese on a pizza but this was some legit, good as heck pizza!! The pie came out good and fresh and the aroma just had me salivating  before I got into it good. This was the first time in over 20 years of eating pizza that I was forced to fold a slice in order to keep my toppings off my plate (not that it helped... lol). After eating we talked to the manager (I presume) and I let her know I'd be on here to throw them a good review. I hope she's reading. I'll be back. Gotta love the little pizza place with the great fricking taste.
<review# 1935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2008,5/24/2009,15,38,8,7,7>I love chickens--in fact, I had one as a pet when I was little.  Those little rascals have such fiery tempers and it amuses me to no end that they ceaselessly peck the ground looking for vermin.  But damned if they don't taste good, and only in death does Frenchy's take them to the soaring heights they could never reach in life with their hapless wings. I love fried chicken, even though it routinely upsets my stomach and makes me feel nauseated.  Yes, I love it that much, I'm willing to accept the consequences, which is usually 30 minutes of lying on the floor in the fetal position cradling my stomach.  I ADORE Popeye's spicy chicken (and scoff that the amateurish chicken served at KFC), but Frenchy's is a different kind of fried chicken--it really does taste homemade and not like it's "fast food."  The batter they use fries up light and crispy as opposed to brittle, and they are not at all afraid to drench their batter in a sea of spices for plenty of flavor.  Plus their food is always so fresh, steaming hot as opposed to tasting like it just came out from under a heat lamp--watch out when you dig in, otherwise you might burn your mouth!  And sure, it's greasy--it's deep fried for crying out loud--but not so much that you end up feeling like you just stuck your head into a tub of Crisco.Value-wise it blows KFC or Popeyes out of the water, given the quality of food you get.  I mean, 2 thighs, a drumstuck, and one side for $3.30?  That's criminally cheap.  It's places like this that total rationalize Houston as the fattest city in America, but God bless it anyway.  Plus the place serves BEER and has a FULL BAR, with happy hour ($2 domestics) from 4-8 every weeknight!  Why didn't someone think of this before, beer with fried chicken!  And then they have 4 42" plasma tvs for watching sports while you eat, amazing.  The place was an epiphany, kinda like when I realized I could clean countertops with paper towels.But, as good as the food and value is, a couple downsides.  First, the restaurant feels a little dirty, which I think is because of all the greasy food being shuffled around.  Second, the sides can be miniscule (I literally got one ice cream scoop of dirty rice) and the rolls are totally generic (I want sinfully buttery rolls!). Third (and totally unrelated to the restaurant itself), the place is owned by former Houston Texans cornerback Aaron Glenn, who could cover about as well as a stripper at Treasures.  But, hey, if he can't be in the NFL Hall of Fame, he might as well be in the Hall of Fame of Fried Chicken, right?
<review# 1936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2009,5/23/2009,556,161,7,10,8>I normally don't crave Vietnamese food unless I'm sick (consider it a compliment to Pho?) and I searched this place out using Yelp due to my "Swine Cold"... thank GOD!Their menu is extensive but I was starving so I got the the point and ordered...  VIETNAMESE EGGROLLS - the best I've had so far. Perfectly delicious, crunchy, tasty, pretty generously sized, and 6 for 5.95! They were GREAT.I ordered Pho Dac Biet (combination) and it came in a GIANT bowl, hot, and delicious. Only downside was they only have lemons and not limes, and that indeed makes a huge difference. I also got the "charbroiled pork with shredded pork, pork cake, fried egg, and rice" for less than 7 bucks I think, and it was quite delicious. Lastly I ordered a generic combination crispy egg noodle dish... meh not worth the 9 or 10 bucks.This place is very very very affordable, not dirty like a lot of the other establishments on Bellaire and de-LISH. I saw a man eating the 7-course Beef by himself... and I was very very jealous. I will be going back for that once all my taste buds are in check.
<review# 1937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2009,5/22/2009,138,127,7,14,9>From the ashes of the old Jenni's Noodle House location on Jefferson, Calliope's Po-Boy has risen.I got the email from Aerosol Warfare that they had a new neighbor (grand opening was earlier this week), so naturally I took a my hungry self down for some take out. I haven't found a po-boy this awesome since Pete's Original closed down several years ago. I ordered the catfish po-boy, while my compadres opted for shrimp and crawfish. I was really really impressed by the catfish, but stole a bite (okay maybe two or three) of co-worker's crawfish po-boy and nearly fell out of my chair. AMAZING, AMAZING food. This po-boy should be illegal it's so good.Perusing the menu while we waited, I saw two things I'm definitely trying next time -- Calliope's Surf & Turf poboy, which promises tender slow roast beef with double fried shrimp, and the French fries with gravy and cheese - YES I SAID IT, GRAVY & CHEESE.Who could ask for more? ME.Go eat at this place now.Insider's Tip: Order ahead, each poboy is cooked to order, so you'll be waiting a minute to eat, but it's worth it. Also, If you are in the downtown vicinity, they have a delivery service within a four-mile radius.
<review# 1938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2009,5/21/2009,343,368,7,13,8>Conductor, please toot the horn more.  Maybe this will get more people's attention.  I have been riding the METROrail for two months now to go to and from work.  I live in the Heights and drive 'n park to midtown to catch the train.  No more waiting on ridiculously long and random red lights.  No more paying an exorbitant amount for downtown parking.  The light rail's one way pass is $1.25.  I would recommend getting a re-loadable Q-Card.  For every 50 trips you get 5 trips for free!  Stolen and lost card balances are replaced free of charge.  The trains come every 5 minutes during peak hours, so you are never waiting long.  This is very important during the hot humid horrible Houston weather.  Cleanness is also rated a 5 stars relative to public transportation.Houston is one of the most polluted city in the good ol' US of A.  We need more public transportation systems like this.  Go green.
<review# 1939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2009,5/19/2009,31,35,15,10,9>This morning I was cruising Dunlavy,when hunger struck me and my lady.I pointed my fingerat what seemed a dead ringer,La Guada Café and Bakery.I wondered what would be a good call,The waiter said "I've got just the thing to impress y'all".What came out was an omelet,cheese, beans, and sauce on it.It was delicious, the Omelet Especial. The service was poky but cheerful,the spot was cozy and quaint.For a Mexican breakfast,this cafe in Texaswill leave you with no great complaint.Delicious!That was a free service to my roommate (Adam O), on how to do a rhyming review. Please see his Denny's review for context. Cheers!
<review# 1940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2009,5/18/2009,196,278,9,23,15>Opa!  That's the traditional Greek exclamation, and it's heard a lot on Saturday nights at the Olive Oil.From the street, the Olive Oil is a nondescript little storefront in one of the huge strip centers along Sawdust road.  But once you step in the door, you're in a warm, inviting restaurant with some of the best Greek cuisine around.Like many folks, I'm a big fan of gyros, and the Olive Oil's are top notch.  The meat is tender, savory and flavorful.  And the pita is fresh and hot; no hard, dry pita here.  We observed a wide variety of Greek specialties being served, and are looking forward to sampling them on our next visit.  (And for the unadventurous, there are some typical American dishes offered, including a chicken-fried steak.)Service is friendly and professional - lots of staff, and they're constantly in motion.If you arrive on a Saturday night, as we did, you'll be greeted by a full house (we were lucky to get a table) and some outstanding Greek dancing and singing.  A band set was set up in an out-of-the-way corner, and a troupe of dancers were performing in front.  The entertainment made for a very boisterous atmosphere; it was fun, and we'll return.
<review# 1941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2009,5/16/2009,283,153,8,14,11>The Corkscrew is one of my favorite wine bars and it's especially great for a birthday party.  If you have enough people who are willing to spend enough money, you can rent out their party room.  Warning:  it's pricey, so be sure you are gonna drink and eat a lot.  If you're not up for guaranteeing a certain tab amount, sit in either of the two other rooms-- there are comfy couches aplenty in the lower-lit lounge area or tables and chairs in the people-watching room.  Where ever you choose to sit, there's yummy wine and fantastic food to be had.  Yep, my friends and I keep coming back.
<review# 1942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2009,5/15/2009,172,157,6,11,9>When I returned from Europe, I realized I had not brought something from Paris, France for my co-workers. Chocolate Designs came to the rescue. A few times before I had seen them create 3D swans out of chocolate; they were both elegant and beautiful.From all the pictures of the Eiffel Tower I thought it was black; it's actually more of a dark brown color. I decided to ask Chocolate Designs to make a 3D version of the Eiffel Tower. It was cute. It was about 12 inches high.My co-workers amazement was priceless. Frankly, we didn't know how to start eating it. Top to bottom, proved to be the way to go. As we got to the lower levels of the tower, we brought in the demolition ball. It was tough to break off pieces of chocolate.For custom chocolates, bon bons, truffles, and gifts, Chocolate Designs is a great place to go.
<review# 1943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2009,5/14/2009,8,11,5,10,9>Lisa A. - don't know you - but love you for what you wrote.We could all waste a thousand words or even more battling over the questions "what is art", "what is good art" and "what is the value of art".But let's skip all this.Having just arrived here from Europe I was swamped with work, relocation hassles, new surroundings and all.This cluttering my mind, I passed by the Cy Twombly Gallery.Federico Fellini - spot on - that's the ambiance of the entry - especially in the evening. The withered-movie-star-guy in the entry, with his welcoming Ricardo Montalban smile should be smoking a cigarette to make the scene perfect.So here's what to do: don't look at the paintings with the "I could do that" expression. Don't count the crayon lines. Don't walk through in a hurry.Sit down in that last big room with the huge paintings (Triptych?).Sit down.Relax.Glance at the art.Then perhaps close your eyes.It's very quite in there - you'll see.Watch the light changing as clouds pass by.Just sit there - listen to nothing, think nothing, maybe dream a bit....Yep - that's the way to do it.Ahhh - I love this Gallery!3 stars for architecture - 4 for the art - but nevertheless a total of 5 for the relaxed feeling I had when I came out!
<review# 1944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,5/13/2009,150,374,11,17,14>Food can change you. It can make you fat, happy and adjust your attitude - given the right parameters. Because it can also piss you off.I walked in here in a very apprehensive mood. I was all over the map with my attitude and my first impression gave me hope. Small and tight as it is, this place still delivers a fantastic ambiance that screams Alsatian cafe. I felt like I was back in Riquewihr with the same smells and atmosphere which was very comforting to say the least. The mussels were absolutely stellar - fresh and swimming in an addictive (and artery-clogging) cream sauce. And the pommes frites are what french fries are supposed to be. The baked raclette appetizer was fantastic (although I could have forgone the confit and salad it was served with - they overcomplicated the dish). And the pork chop with the rum currant sauce was very good - you could actually still taste the rum in the sauce - although the chop was borderline dry (so the sauce was needed in any event). You'll find a very extensive wine list here which includes a unique and wide selection of wines from Alsace - I saw everything from Gewurztraminiers to Tokays and even a bottle of Cremant in there. Service was excellent. And the prices were reasonable for the level of cuisine you experience here. I can't imagine not coming back here on a semi-regular basis.  Besides, anything that can turn around my occasional (or frequent?) "wound up and in a very shitty" mood deserves to be revisited over and over again.
<review# 1945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2009,5/12/2009,242,106,6,9,8>I went there tonight with a Yelp group and had a great time! I had never heard of the place before. It's kind of behind the galleria in a strip center, but I'm very glad I know about it now. Everything I tried was really good and reasonably priced. I think it's a great place to go with friends and order a bunch of sides and appetizers. I loved that the food was very simple and flavorful, high quality, and well made. The hummus is really good. Their baba ganouj was particularly unique and had a smokey flavor that I really liked. I also ordered their lentil soup, which comes with a slice of lemon, making it really fresh tasting. The artichoke appetizer was really nice too, as well as the tabbouleh, with lemon and olive oil. And I finished it off with some good traditional Turkish coffee. The owner was so nice and helpful, and provided us with several complimentary appetizers! As others have said, the inside is pretty bare. I did expect it to be more of a sit down "nice dinner" type place, but I don't mind the cafe style either. I'll definitely go back!
<review# 1946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2009,5/11/2009,134,149,7,9,7>West U / periphery of Rice Village location defines this restaurant.  Renovated a few years ago, has a clean and airy feel to it.  Liked the choice of eating indoors or out.  Nice ambiance, enough of a crowd to be congenial, but quiet enough to hold a conversation.  This would be a good place for a lunch date.Good ingredients but to my taste, light on the seasoning.  When you put it all together, nothing special.  Lots of people talk about the "healthy menu", but to be honest, I don't get it.   Yes, they do emphasize fresh vegetables which I appreciate, but the portions are too large for most of the clientele and a "wrap" is still a lot of carbs no matter how you wrap it.  Seriously, how many calories does a faculty geek or West U girl really need or want to consume? Prices reasonable.The valet parking seems a bit over the top for a lunch place, but this is RV and it sure beats hunting around for a parking space.
<review# 1947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2009,5/10/2009,6,15,6,6,8>Ok, so I'm a bit of a Lounge-aholic!  I love trendy little spots to enjoy drinking and friends.  Typically only found in the thick of Houston, Sugar Land now has its first ultra trendy lounge.  And double YAY, it not only feeds my lounge addiction, it caters to my sports addiction and my people watching addiction!  Sugar Land has hit the motherload!Now, this place isn't for the feint of heart.  It has to be noted that there are douche bags galore and women who chase them cramming into this joint.  This makes my day for people watching.  Also, the prices aren't exactly friendly, but what lounge does have friendly prices.The 2 best reasons this place has for you to get up off the coutch and travel to Sugar Land for...1) GINORMOUS beer pitcher things that they bring to you table, and 2) an awesome patio/decor/TV display system where one can indulge in almost every game on TV, all at once!  Even the food wasn't that bad.  Just don't expect to have the usual sports bar food here, they are trying to be gourmet.  Eh, I could take it or leave it.So when you find yourself in Sugar Land (and can tear yourself away from Charming Charlie!) step into your trendiest, out-on-the-prowl clothes (so you blend in with the crowd of course) and head over to grad a ginormous beer here.  And if you do...give me a holler and I'll meet you there!
<review# 1948,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/16/2009,5/9/2009,7,61,4,7,6>I love the moving sushi concept. We ate at a moving sushi place in London and loved it. It is a fantastic way to introduce people to sushi as well. You can see everything and if you are new to sushi, seeing it will help you know what you would like to try.  Tina's review is an excellent description of Sushi Choo Choo and the conveyor process; so good that there is no need to describe the restaurant further.During our visit, there was no ngiri on the conveyor belt, only rolls, but we visited at an off hour (around 3:30 or 4).  The rolls weren't bad, but 90% of them were California Rolls with different toppings.   I really enjoyed the Crazy Girl roll and would recommend trying it. I would LOVE to see more moving sushi bars in Houston, and think if Choo Choo were in midtown it would be a huge success.
<review# 1949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,5/8/2009,153,129,12,14,13>Hello Happy Hour!!! (Mon-Thurs: 5-7; Fri-Sun: 9-Close.) Red has a happy hour menu made with their customer's in mind. $1 sake, $2 beers, $4 house wines, and $5 specialty drinks --- emphasis on the specialty drinks when made by Vickie --- she makes a perfect Lychee Martini. The atmosphere of this place is somewhat sultry and the service is friendly. There's a nice view of the water on one side, so when making reservations, request the windows. Our waiter asked the boss man if he could take hibachi orders on the sushi side of the restaurant since they were slow. Points (ie - more stars for service)!!! We dinned on a Friday night, but with the hours of rain before our entrance, crowds were scarce on the entire boardwalk. I was told by a server that it can get quite busy during happy hour. I actually didn't even learn about happy hour until we were done eating (that explained my $5 sushi roll), so the hubby and I relocated to the bar after our meal. Meet Vickie. The funniest and wittiest bartender I've met in my life. I'm not kidding and it wasn't just that she made our drinks w/a bit of a heavy hand. She made a mean Mai Tai for us and yummy lychee martini. If you find yourself on the Kemah Boardwalk, you gotta stop in and try their lychee martini. If you happen to sit at the bar and Vickie's workin' ... and you're too shy to tell her that you read about her - just eve's drop on her convo's - I promise she'll have you giggling.
<review# 1950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2009,5/7/2009,180,224,10,16,18>If one place screams romantic, it's Ibiza we're talking about.  This time we're talking about the restaurant and not the island, but the island is pretty damn sexy too.You have your choice of wine, there is a whole wall from top to bottom of bottles you can choose from.Busy, a little loud, exisisite, yes?  Do you like to dine by candle light with that special someone and gaze into their eyes over a very romantic Catalan dinner?  I do.....The basque green pepper and crab bisque is a staple, I order it every time I come to Ibiza along with a Spanish bottle of wine, I like to try a new Spanish wine every time I visit.  The 6 hour braised lamb shank with Spanish mint oil is usually my pick or the fresh grilled fish of the day.Dessert includes pastel de tres leches.Ibiza's wine selection includes at least of 100 different wines per category; sparkling wine, chardonnay, north america white wine, white wine travelogue, South American cabernet sauvignon, pinot noir, merlot, syrah, North American red blends,  red wines from France, wines from south America & Africa, wines from Italy, wines from Spain, wines from Australia, New Zealand and South Africa, Stickies, Ports and Sherries,and  rose. Do we need to talk about service too?  It is 5 star.
<review# 1951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2009,5/6/2009,287,298,9,15,11>Always on a burger quest, I noticed this name on some burger dude's website. So when the opportunity presented itself (that being my boyfriend saying "I want a hamburger") I suggested this place. It's located in a warehouse type of neighborhood and upon entering I noticed the place was very clean for a semi-hole in the wall. Also, the place smelled yummy and I just love hearing the sizzling of a cooking patty. The counter person was friendly and when I said I heard the place made a good burger she said "The best!" My burger arrived (I decided on a plain burger w/all of the fixins) and I immediately dove in. My, oh my, I thought to myself, this is one tasty burger. Moist without being greasy and the meat was seasoned "just right" as my dear cousin Goldilocks would say. The bun was fresh as was the veggies that adorned it. The fries were great but a bit greasy. But hey, when have you heard of a grease-less fry? This place is not in my neighborhood, but I will make the drive out there again.
<review# 1952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2009,5/5/2009,8,21,5,6,6>My first trip to Barnaby's was on a day when the weight of my work had drug me down.  One of my best friends invited me to this eclectic space that also had some great food.  I had the meatloaf, thick as a large magazine and covered in this wonderfully thin yet spicy tomato saucy.  The stalks of asparagus was as thick as my thumb, and were able to hold large scoops of mashed potatoes.  My friend ordered the chicken la jolla and it was piled high with cheese and tomatoes and other yummy good stuff.  I would love to tell you everything that was on the chicken, but it was gone before I could take careful notes.My second trip to Barnaby's had me just wanting something to munch on.  I ordered the french fries with the blue cheese fondue and bacon.  Waffle fries are the BEST, especially covered in cheese.  And it was a large bowl of deep-fried, cheesy, bacony goodness.  It was a meal in and of itself.So, with all of these large food items, what is small on the menu you may ask?  During the current economic climate, Barnaby's is offering a "stimulus brownie" for just one dollar.  $1 for a small brownie topped with a dollup of ice cream.  I was so in love with the concept (and the brownie) I ordered another one.  And then I ordered another one for my friend.
<review# 1953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2009,5/4/2009,123,317,8,13,13>So a bunch of us Yelpers headed over here after our Elite event, and I have to say, this bar is pretty freakin' solid. First of all, who can say anything bad about a place that has 2 dart boards AND one of those vintage tabletop hockey games (you know... tablehockey.net/table_ho) But what I have to compliment the most was the bar staff. There were a ton of people in there, and the bartender came up to me to ask if I needed a drink. I ordered a Newcastle and gave her my card to start a tab. Unbeknownst to me my buddy had bought me a Shiner and brought it to me just after the bartender went back to get my beer. She somehow saw that I had received another beverage and came back with my card, telling me that she wasn't going to force me to double fist, and I could just grab my Newcastle later. Head's up move, and great customer service. I am a big fan.
<review# 1954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2009,5/3/2009,225,440,9,10,10>So, went to Los Cucos tonight for the infamous "First Date" and I must say it's actually a good place for a first date. The wait staff was quick to come to the table and get our drink orders, and the place is big, but not so big you cannot have a good conversation. I ordered the Stuffed Avocado on the recommendation of many previous diners and I must say it was the right choice! Fresh avocado, stuffed with fajita chicken, rolled in cheese and deep-fried = fat kid's heaven!!! It also came with a cup of tortilla soup which was so,so (a little too tomato-ey) and Spanish rice that was nice and fluffy (i didn't eat the beans being it was a 1st date :) The tortilla chips were light and crispy, and the salsa was pretty darn good...and I'm a salsa snob! We both had the house margarita on the rocks and they went down quite nicely...but I stopped at 2...no need to show him that side unless he makes it to date number two. We did not wait long for our food and didn't have to wait for drink refills either...the service was superb without being intrusive. I gave it only 4 stars for the tortilla soup (it's a staple at any Mexican resto and you've got to get it right), and the dingy table cloths...I know vinyl is easier to clean, but cracked/sewn together vinyl is not so easy on the eyes.
<review# 1955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2009,5/1/2009,122,80,24,17,20>I don't know why it took me so long to check this place out but this place is frickin' HILARIOUS!  My review is based solely on recent back to back Thursday night  visits (aka Spazmatics) but I hear it's a great all around venue for live bands which could very well boost Sammy's to 5star status.  People have commented enough about the Spazmatics so I'll focus more on the sweet ass crowd that congregates here on Thursdays. First of all, I'm older than the Dead Sea Scrolls so it is somewhat amusing for me to check out young thangs rocking out to 80's tunes that were released when most of them were mere embryos.  I mean I was in high school when these songs came out, how the hell do these people know the lyrics to every song? Anyhooo, I'm glad everybody digs the music from what has to be the most embarassing decade of modern man as it brings back fond memories of my glorious youth.Now, the crowd is actually pretty awesome.  Good mix of old geezers like myself who really have no business being out on a Thursday night, and young whipper snappers who plan on ditching their Friday morning English Lit. and Psych 101 classes.  But nobody really cares cause everybody's too busy rockin' out to Billy Idol.  It's a small place and the area around the stage gets packed so I like to place myself along the back left side of the stage so I can: A) see the band while getting a closer look at the bass player's awesome Star Wars backpack that he's rockin', B) have quick access to the back bar where the bartender with the big boobies pours me ridiculously strong vodka redbulls, C) look out for cute girls who are usually sprinkled along the front perimeter of the stage that look back at me with wonderment as to why that old fucker is staring at them and D) look out for even more amusing drunken trainwrecks who try to wrestle their way to the front of the stage causing inevitable shoving matches and potential girl fights.  D is particularly awesome and it's quickly becoming a hobby of mine. Rock on Billy Idol, and oh yeah, thanks Spazmatics for getting that stupid Ah-ha song stuck in my head.
<review# 1956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2009,4/29/2009,81,217,12,12,13>That's right...I'm home on a Friday night!  But, I needed it!  Nothing wrong with a little Pro ball, pizza and helles on a Friday night...what a week!  Some people do yoga, which I'm supposed to do tomorrow, and some people have evenings of solitude watching reality pagent shows on TLC with a pizza.Anyway, I was going to cook and could not face Kroger after my post-work nap! (God, I'm getting old!)  So, I called Star Pizza and ordered up a half Starburst (supreme-type pie) and half cheese with a dinner salad.  I ordered the Chicago style deep dish.  I have to say, it was excellent.  Big chunks of tomato, real cheese...awesome sausage, pepperoni and veggies.  Pinks has competition.  Totally different experiences.  It was so big, I only had one slice.  But I'm sure the roomie and neighbors will help out tonight or tomorrow.Why 4 and not 5 stars?  It was luke warm when it arrived, so I broiled it for a couple of minutes...It was pretty darn good, though, and  I may round out the evening of peace with a good cigar!  :)
<review# 1957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2009,4/28/2009,106,15,21,13,12>GO KLUBBIN' IN THE DAYTIME!!Soooooo, here's what I'm sayin, if you're visiting, waking up from a good date, even a bad date or better yet you roll over and look at your husband and know that this is about to be one of those weekends that never end (if you don't understand then yo man ain't like my man) then you want to start your day at the Klub.  You cannot go alone because you need to be able to eat off of someone else's plate, unless you just friendly like that....check the catfish n grits but don't leave without wafflin down a cake and by all means grab anybody's chicken wing on your way out...........then RUN!!  uhh cuz they will come after you for the chicken wing............ENJOY
<review# 1958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2009,4/27/2009,273,77,17,18,16>I've been not so secretly stalking Bobby Heugel and Morgan Weber for months on Twitter, on the subject of this venture of theirs! Finally made it to this place this past Friday (early) afternoon w/the bf and 2 of his friends.  I'm glad that we came early as we were able to get seats at the bar and take in the place with daylight flooding in through the windows, pretty...The decor is very simple and streamlined, hmmmm I would say industrial meets antique.  I hear the bathrooms are to die for and will definitely have to check those out during my next visit.  I was in the mood for a Campari cocktail and Libby concocted it for me, yummy bitterness, see picture.  She was even nice enough to share her gummy bears with me that I was eying hungrily. :)   I ordered myself a 3 cheese plate - you must get the st. maure's goat cheese provided by the Houston Dairymaids (houstondairymaids.com)! This a long with some raw cows milk cheese and gouda served with bread, minty apple slices and quince preserves, heaven!  Yes the service is on the slow side, but hey it was a Friday afternoon and I was in no hurry, the bf was grumbling that it took 20 minutes for him to get a beer, I pretended not to hear him...The effort these young people put into making these cocktails is staggering, I mean the tools they have to create these old school potions are impressive - I personally loved the tiny lemon peeler to create the garnishes for the glasses!  I liked how the girl sitting next to me at the bar was reading a sci-fi novel and sipping on a Pimm's cup.  The last time I had a Pimm's cup was one from a can...in the UK nonetheless!  It was horrid in case you were thinking!The Anvil reminds me of cafe life in Europe and that makes me very happy.  There was some good people watching, some money people, industry people, trendies and just your usual yuppies, I hear the indies descend upon the place later at night...So slow down Houston, take a breathe - stop working so hard.  Don't binge drink and find some sleaze to... you know take back to the bathroom and...it's not that kind of place.  You come here for the cocktails and cheese, please!
<review# 1959,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/9/2009,4/26/2009,229,569,11,14,12>This is a welcomed, non-chain, sight in the area as far as sandwich shops go. I was excited about their Philly's, but as usual (outside of Philadelphia), not as excited after sampling them. I hit this place late Saturday night with my siblings, so we were able to sample three different sandwiches. Good times!The regular size sandwiches are beasts! Unless you haven't eaten for days, the smaller sandwiches should suffice. I went with the original Philly. It looks nice and threatening when it comes out, like maybe it will eat you! Aggressive eating is definitely in order. I got to the task and thought it was o.k. The meat was kind of dry on my Philly. I couldn't help thinking Whiz, would shove this sandwich up a star possibly. I think that a lot and have always wondered why only one sandwich shop in Houston, that I know of, is the only one that realizes Whiz is what completes a Philly. Whiz also makes the world go round!My brother went with the Schmidter. Classic name, but not a home run. More like a double. It's a Philly with a "secret" ingredient. Heavy stuff no? I expected it to be delivered in a nondescript suit-case, but no--just a tray. Foiled again! Does pastrami really count as a secret ingredient? I was hoping for a secret sauce, or maybe they hide the Whiz and save it for old Schmidty--but no, it's pastrami. The secret is out! Not too shabby though. Probably lethal to the heart.My sister, being of smaller appetite, ordered a pulled-pork sandwich. Smoky or tangy are the options. She went with smoky. It's a decent sandwich, but not so smoky. Dave's is a cool joint. The ambiance is what's expected of a strip-center place, but their menu is pretty exciting sandwich-wise--so I'm sure we'll be back. We'll probably skip the original Philly though. The Schmidty, however, is another animal.
<review# 1960,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/7/2009,4/25/2009,269,274,15,20,17>How do you know your in a very cool place? As soon as you walk into the bar you run into Dave L. and half the guys from the BON Social Run Club. I was quite surprised by the Volcano. My last visit was 10 years ago and I remember it sucked. The place stunk to high hell, the floors were sticky, but the drinks were strong and cheap. It's now March 2009 and we were looking for a place to hide after dinner and our friend thought the Volcano would work. They have completely redone Volcano sometime within the last 10 years, either that or they took a pressure washer to it. What I'm trying to say it looks a lot better than I remember it. It was a crowded Saturday and I had no problem getting my drink on. The frozen screwdriver was as good as I remember and the jack and coke was strong and cheap. I swear it was a 6 count on that Jack, I know it was good. I liked the lighting and the lamps over the bar were a nice touch. I was also a big fan of the wood carved pillars, I guess a little Polynesian flair, you know since we were under the Volcano.It was a little to crowded and loud for me, but I would come again if some one suggested it.  The parking wasn't an issue either.
<review# 1961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2008,4/24/2009,112,141,8,9,12>Went here last night. Thursday night.  And let me tell you I had a blast.  Thursday nights at the mink is something called Speakerboxxx.  Its a bunch of local djs that just get down and dirty.  From old school funk tracks, 80s dance, and straight up break beats , anyone could cut a rug here.  Plenty of B-boys showing off their hot steps, but as for me I just shake it.  The atmosphere here is very cool and very organic.  Its cool to see a scene in Houston collected in one spot.  The bar itself is huge and separated into 4 parts so if you get bored with the music or the people just switch rooms.  Thursday nights arent the only great night to come here.  They always have great local music and djs. Prob my new favorite party place in Houston.
<review# 1962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2008,4/23/2009,29,43,11,8,9>Ever since I heard about this place on Yelp I've wanted to go. I went yesterday and boy-oh-boy was I as excited as a school girl when the ice cream truck comes down your street!Why is this place better than Sugarbabies? Here's why:1. The staff is friendly2. The cupcakes are easier to eat (size and icing placement-wise)3. The flavors are dynamic yet not weird enough so you're scared to invest (Except the Key Lime Pie- Has anyone tried that one?)4. The vanilla cupcake is amazingI was driving down San Felipe after I bought the cupcakes and I couldn't wait- I dove right in and took a bite out of a vanilla one. I swear I almost ran into a housewife in the Target parking lot after I took a bite. Freaking amazing. I loved it. I loved the place too. So cute. I wish it was a little bit bigger so you can go and sit there without feeling "in the way"...who cares though...I'd sit on the front curb in my work clothes and scarf those things without a care of judgment. Yum.
<review# 1963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2009,4/22/2009,48,113,7,7,6>A dinner you can feel good about...well unless you succumb to the temptation of the decadent desserts staring at you through their glass encasement. Although they looked so delicious (and Ruggles is known for their amazing desserts!!) that you probably wouldn't suffer from PDCD, post-dessert consumption depression. I have to agree with the others about the not-so-hot parking situation (I had to walk from Whole Foods) and the layout...I didn't feel very comfy while eating because everything was so close together and the music was rather loud. I do love Jack Johnson, but with every table seated so close together, the mixture of convos and laid-back jams made it hard for me to talk to my dining buddy....but that's the extent of the rants. I want to go here all the time so I can try everything on the menu!! It all sounded so delicious, but I was in a chicken curry salad kind of mood. It was delicious...a perfect mixture of sweet and spicy. The dried mangoes were really what put it over the top for me! One note though, the menu says 'golden raisins' and you get plain ol' dried grapes...the golden would have made a better presentation and it would have been a more complimentary flavor. Just a suggestion though! My dining companion chose the fish tacos and raved over how delicious they were!! The plate was piled high with cabbage and fish...one can never go wrong with that! Wine by-the-glass selection and prices were reasonable, they also have an espresso bar, and an extensive assortment of condiments for dressing up your eco-conscious meal. Everything was healthy and organic....truly a feat for Houston, which Ruggles has successfully accomplished. I felt like I was reducing my carbon footprint with every bite I took. Can't wait to go back and try the sweet potato gnocchi!!
<review# 1964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2009,4/21/2009,119,124,14,20,19>I want to say this is a fairly new restaurant in Hong Kong Market because I couldn't find the address. But then again, I rarely go on this side of Hong Kong Market. I usually visit the area in between the market and Teahouse. And that's about it. This restaurant is on the opposite side of the food court. It's a Vietnamese restaurant. There's no bun thit nuong or pho here. It's a bit more authentic. Not saying bun thit nuong and pho isn't authentic by any means. It is. But those dishes are more accepted by Americans. Bun thit nuong = rice and grilled pork;  Pho = noodles, beef, and broth. How can you go wrong? If you want to get a tad more authentic Vietnamese, try this place. My mother, who is the biggest critic of EVERY pho restaurant and refuses to eat anywhere with bun thit nuong... loves this place. Not sure if you'll like it but you can give it a try. The menu is not in English. So I'll tell you what I get. Banh Xeo. I LOVE banh xeo. It's a crepe filled with shrimp, pork, and bean sprouts. The crepe itself is made of (according to Wikipedia) rice flour, water and turmeric powder or coconut milk (in the Southern regions). I personally would recommend eating this without the pork because the pork used is fatty pork and I don't like it. You eat it with lettuce, wrap it up like an eggroll, and dip it in nuoc mam (fish sauce). My mom gets Bun Rieu Oc/Cua. This is a soup, definitely not pho. In fact, it makes pho the equivalent of a girly drink. Good bun rieu is HARD to find. The best is always the ones mom makes for herself. My mom loves theirs. What is it? It's a soup, but more like a stew. It's got noodles, meat (Oc = snail; Cua = crab), chili power, eggs, crab paste, a whole bunch of stuff. The smell isn't that great but that's because of the crab paste and the fish sauce combined. They also have boba drinks here. A huge menu I might add. Don't bother. Stick with Teahouse. But you know... it's all personal taste. Teahouse boba is sweet. Their boba is not. So if you're tired of the usual Vietnamese menu because I know I am (most places don't have what I want, like banh xeo or banh cuon)... branch out a little bit and try something extremely authentic. But remember.... Oc = Snail.
<review# 1965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2008,4/19/2009,143,279,6,11,9>Yup I'm a fan. My father and that side of the family are from Nassau, Bahamas and I grew up on Caribbean food. In fact, I make a mean curried goat or oxtails myself. Anyway, I never thought about island food in Houston because, I mean c'mon, it's Houston. Home of Tex-mex and 1001 ways to re fry a bean. I was wrong. Reggae Hut sells meat patties. It's the island version of an empanada. Same concept, different name. The place is clean, and the food is authentic. Not some weird version of island food, but the real deal. And, the price is very low. One word of advice I'd have is to go early in the day. The neighborhood and restaurant attracts a sketchy crowd at about 9 pm or so...
<review# 1966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2009,4/18/2009,24,126,6,8,8>So after reading all the crazy reviews about the anti-gay happenings, a friend and I decided to try this spot out last Saturday after the Rockets game. Overall, Union Bar reminds me of one of my most favorite bars in Austin, Tambaleo (RIP!). The crowd was youngish, the music varied and pumpin, and we appropriated a table reserved for someone's birthday party, haha. There were multiple birthdays and bachelorette parties there that night, including a group of guys that told my friend and I they weren't going to a strip club, the strip club was coming to them! I enjoyed that they played the music video on TVs around the room throughout the night, as I never see the music video for my favorite songs unless I'm up late night, a la insomniac music theatre.I was surprised that the bartenders didn't know Tito's Vodka (being in Texas), but once I pointed it out on the shelf my $7 drink was fine. Also, they ran out of soda (wtf??) and only had tonic as replacement. Yuck, but I still had such a great time I am willing to forget that. The only real downer is that it got SO crowded that I was repeatedly jostled by big guys when attempting to cross the room. Sorry, pretty girls win over your foot every time! I don't think my boyfriend would be willing to go to Union, but I will definitely be back during a girls' night.
<review# 1967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2009,4/17/2009,133,132,7,12,9>First of all the decor is surprisingly nice!  The colors match, there's nothing really gaudy and the atmosphere is peaceful.This, of course, raises red flags.  How authentic or delicious could this place be?  Would it be Americanized?  Had the Blogger been to Trailer Pho before?  It didn't help that there were a lot of yuppies inside.I ordered Pho with all the fixings (tripe, fatty brisket, eye round beef, etc) and the husband ordered the Bun Bo Hue as suggested by the blogpost.  We also ordered the Cha Giao with the special house sauce.  The egg rolls weren't all that great but the sauce was pretty fantastic.  I couldn't tell exactly what was in it but it looked like it had 2 or 3 things mixed in it with a bit of a kick.  If I REALLY had to pick, I think I might pick it over Bodard's sauce.  *Gasp* I know, that's huge.And then something absolutely wonderful happened, the waitress brought out our plates. The middle plate with the Pho fixings was smaller than usual but the ingredients were fresh and the leaves were nicely pre-plucked for us so that was nice.  The leaf shaped plate was a nice trendy touch but the miracle was the little square dish.  It's been a long, long time since I've been to a Pho restaurant where they give you a little dish to put sauces in so that you can dip your meat.  Most Pho restaurants skip this and people just load up their soup with Hoisin and Sriracha sauce.  I usually use a soup spoon in lieu of the little sauce dish.  I don't even remember where I learned to eat Pho like that.  It's pointless if the place is serving boring Pho broth, but if a place is proud of their broth, they don't want you to mess with it.Our noodle soups arrived in surprisingly small bowls (I'd probably be tempted to order the large next time) but the broth and contents more than made up for it.  The presentation was a nice touch with the eye round beef slices artistically placed in the middle of the bowl with the pink parts giving a normally drab looking dish a bright splash of color.  The husband's Bun Bo Hue was pretty amazing.  He graciously gave me a slice of pig's feet and it was so flavorful and tender.  The broth is what really impressed me.  Flavorful, complex, and almost perfumed. I will be back!!Oh, also, try the shredded duck salad appetizer!  Fresh, tangy, and delicious!
<review# 1968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2009,4/16/2009,36,46,4,36,14>I've got to give it to my Mom...this was one hell of a graduation gift.  After having a really awful high school graduation experience with a family emergency, I never got to experience the freedom or joys of being out of school.  Once everything calmed down, my mother decided to treat me to an eye surgery that i desperately needed.  I had awful vision to say the least.  I worn glasses and contacts all my life but got sick of changing them everyday and it never fixed the problem.  Even with corrective lenses, I still got severe headaches and maintained difficulty seeing from afar.  So one day in Febraury of 2006,  me and the madre decided to head on up for a free exam at the Mann Eye Center just to see what could be done.  After being told for the past 3 years that my eyes weren't strong enough for Lasik, I didn't really get my hopes up.  After about an hour, Dr. Mike Mann came in and told me that they could perform a procedure on my eyes and give me close to perfect vision.  I was amazed yet of course very skeptical, however my mom knew how much it meant to me so she went ahead and wrote out the check.The procedure was amazing!  Using clamps, the opened my eyes and did the procedure.  I saw the whole thing--strangely amazing.  Now I know what its like to be on paralytics during surgery.  Sweet!  Of course they gave me valium to relax me.  It was completely painless!In 24 hours, I had perfect vision.  Even better than they originally planned for me.  I had to use Rx Eye Drops for the next 30 days to let my retina and iris heal completely, but the whole thing was amazing.  I highly recommend getting the treatment if you have bad vision.  $4000.00 is a small investment for something so important like your eyes.  I couldn't be more thankful to my mom after that.
<review# 1969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2009,4/15/2009,393,766,12,18,14>Um, this is SO much luck that the moment I go and actually pay for a haircut, there's a coupon posted on Yelp a few days later!  :)Let me just say that it was worth the bucks.  And I'm a cheapie when it comes to hair.  Let's back up.I get bored with my  hair.  Often.  Back in college, I would change the color so often that most people just got used to seeing me in any number of shades ranging from blue to pink.  Now, I've succumbed to working for "The Man" (which isn't actually all that bad), but that means no more adventurous hair.  Generally.For over a year now I've been cutting my own hair.  I'm cheap and lazy (and very spontaneous), so this was the perfect solution for me to avoid having to make an appointment and pay for something disappointing.  Way too often I ended up leaving with a 'do that I could've done myself.  Therefore, a trip to Sally's meant a decent pair of scissors to cut and voila!  I've been a self stylist for many months.Then, the inevitable happened.  I got bored.  With my hair.  I'd grown it out for a wedding and kept putting off the big plunge to chop it off.  I was at Ernie's (duh!) watching Hellboy and saw Selma Blair's haircut.  Yum.  That was it.  The next day, I tried to find a place that could squeeze me in the same day and I came up with Azur.I ended up choosing Azur for a number of reasons.  1) They could fit me in that day.  2) Their low end haircuts had me hopeful that I wouldn't be charged an arm and a leg (umm, only halfway successful).  3) Monica Danna.  (If you've met her and seen her hair, you'd understand.)I tried the online system to book my appointment (very convenient), but unfortunately you need to book in advance (something like 12 hours?) so that was a no go.  I give them a call and their receptionist was just so professional.  We chatted about my hair and what I was going for, what the texture was, etc and she recommended Tony.  So I set up my appointment and showed up about 10 minutes early (you can never tell with the traffic).The reception area continued to impress with them offering wine and offering to take our coats.  I was soon seated by Tony (so adorable!) and we got started.  I showed him the picture I brought with me and after a few minutes agreed that my facial structure could pull it off.  We shampooed and conditioned in the back and got started.  He kinda paused and asked how short I was willing to go.  Since I'd shaved my head once (this was pre-Britney shaving hers!), I knew I was game for whatever.  So, with my permission he decided to do his own take on the Selma cut that would be easier to manage in the mornings, give me some more versatility, AND I wouldn't have to come back as often for trims.  WHAT?!  This man is a genius.An hour later, he's putting the finishing touches on the hair and there's quite a crowd that keeps coming by to see.  It was 20% embarrassing and 95% flattering (yes, I did that on purpose).  I mean, I generally would say that they did this to give kudos to Tony and to suck up to the client, but they seems generally impressed by the cut and the major change that happened.  Way to put a smile on the customer's face!Since then, I've received so many compliments, I can't even count them.  My cut (FYI) from my shoulder length hair to my short, short cut cost me $75.  I know that the cost depends on the type of hair and which stylish you go with and I'll make it clear that it was worth every penny.  And the best part?  He didn't pressure me into buying any products I didn't need!  I just got a card in the mail from Tony checking to see how much I liked my haircut and I'm more than excited to show him in person.  I've converted newbie Yelper Jay V. and he'll be getting a cut from Tony next week and I'll be there to watch the transformation!
<review# 1970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2009,4/14/2009,54,17,,10,10>I got my first tattoo done here (text along my right forearm in a calligraphic script).  Very clean place and lots of talented artists.  They are foremost a piercing studio, but their tattoo service is still top notch.  I came in on the evening of New Year's Eve without an appointment and still was handled with respect and attention.  Although I'm getting my next tattoo done at another studio (I wanted custom work, decided on another local artist) I would still highly recommend this place to anyone who's looking for ink work.
<review# 1971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2009,4/13/2009,55,153,3,8,5>I never get to review Houston hotels....so I'm glad to get to do this one.  All I have to say is "no one on the corner have swagger like us!"  You come here to get pampered, to tip valet and the bell man.  You get greeted with smiles and welcoming hellos.  So expect to drop some money here, but also expect to get every dollars worth.My wife and I stayed here after our wedding night.  I checked into a Fantastico suite around 4pm.  When I booked online, the room was 800 sq.ft., it looked more like 1200 sq.ft.  Now, I was already liking this place.  To the left was a full size dining room table with some bubbly in a bucket, about 6 chocolate covered strawberries and a little card with my name on it.  Ok I think, things are getting better and I haven't even gone to the alter.  To the right was a full size couch and a flat screen tv.  On the right wall was a doorway into a nice sized bathroom.  Past the bath room was the bedroom.  The bedroom was large, the bed was large, and there was another TV.  I attached a picture of the bed room.  The bed itself was a comfortable soft.  The sheets were soft.  The pillows were soft.  Everything was soooooo comfortable that we ate breakfast in bed.The breakfast room service was surprisingly good.  It wasn't your standard hotel food.  It was good food.Overall, this place deserves 5 stars.  I booked online and stated in the comment box that i was spending my wedding night here.  I did not have to follow up with them or remind them.  I give them props for that.
<review# 1972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2009,4/12/2009,18,28,3,12,9>Every single time I dine at Da Marco, I am literally moved by the experience.  Today I enjoyed the "Business Lunch" - a $25 hyper-value available weekdays.The true joy is based on the fact that most all of the menu items as well as the "blackboard specials" of the day are eligible for the $25, three-course feast.  The challenge is what to choose (and not to eat too many slices of the remarkable bread so you can eat all three courses).  Today I began the glorious journey with the "artichoke alla guidea" which was replendent with lemony, earthy flavors.  The tender center of the artichoke was surrounded by crisply fried leaves.  It was utterly delicious.  For the 2nd course, my lunch-mate and I decided we needed two differerent things so we could share and so she ordered the "paparadelle with rabbit", the braised rabbit so tender in a sauce somewhere between a gravy and a fresh tomato sauce.  The handmade pasta so fresh and fabulous, I don't know if I will ever be able to go back to dried pasta again.  I ordered the chanti-braised short ribs, which I've had before and can't seem to ignore now even though there are other menu items I need to try.  Again, the meat was so incredibly tender, served on the bone atop the rich chianti sauce below.  So rich yet still fresh and the perfect compliment to the risotto served along the side.While I have enjoyed a number of fabulous desserts at Da Marco, there is none better than the panna cotta (and once I ordered it, I could never go back).  My friend ordered the same - we both had to have it.  There has never been a creamier panna cotta in this town (or maybe in any town).  So well executed with the vanilla brean syrup drizzled around ... we were mesmerized.  The service was excellent, as always.  Polished yet personal and really just lovely.  Absolutely this is one of the best meals in Houston as far as I'm concerned.
<review# 1973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2009,4/11/2009,16,24,3,8,7>The first time I dined at Brenner's on the Bayou, I was 35 wks prego, and  my very thoughtful husband surprised me with a romantic dinner there. I had the Petit Filet Mignon Oscar (can't remember what sides we ordered now) and finished the meal with the Chocolate Souffle. The whole meal was DELICIOUS; the wait staff was polite, attentive and hospitable and we enjoyed walking around on the beautiful grounds. The next time we went back, it was for brunch, and again, food & service were on the mark. I had the Brenner's Benedict, which was a tad too spicy for me, but made my tummy happy all the same.The last time I was there, we just went for dessert (yes, had to go back for the Chocolate Souffle!) I wasn't sure how we would be received re: showing up for dessert only. I'm pleased to say that the staff were very accommodating & the souffle did not disappoint. I also had a great South African Malbec to accompany dessert and that was a great wine. Brenner's remains our favourite date / special spot :)
<review# 1974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2008,4/10/2009,121,865,4,9,9>What a sandwich!    Unlike most places you get pickles while you wait rather than any bread products.  I bet this is cause they put so much meat in the sandwich that if you had extra bread one sandwich would feed two people!  I had a pastrami on rye and it was yummy.  I also had a part of my dad's chopped liver which was good as well.  The potato knish was better than most place, but then again at $4 for the thing it better be!   If only they had better side options, I don't like coleslaw or potato salad... would it kill them to give me something better?  Over all the food is great... but be prepared to drop $12+ per person for sandwiches. Random Note:  I get the eclaire to go as a date snack... it's freaking huge and you never finish it.  But its size can be intimidating...
<review# 1975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2009,4/9/2009,49,81,9,9,10>I know what you're thinking.  "Good grief, Angela, do you not eat anything but El Rey?  Can you not Yelp about something else?"My answer to you is this: I eat other stuff but yeah, I do eat a lot of El Rey.  And I will Yelp something else soon.  I just wanted to share the following.......It's obvious I am a fan of the food.  I've had good customer service there before.  But the last two times I have been there for breakfast, I have been less than pleased because they left the bacon off of my egg&bacon tacos w/cheese and guacamole.  The first time, I let it go, but the second time I called.  I was told to come back today and I'd get my tacos done correctly and for FREE.  So I returned, and not only did I get my food and an apology from the manager, I received an apology from the guy who makes the tacos.  They were friendly and helpful without kissing my ass and I like that (most of the time, sometimes ass-kissing is preferable depending on the circumstances, but I digress).  Customer service is a big thing with me, always, so I wanted to spread the word.  El Rey, I am yours forever.
<review# 1976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2009,4/8/2009,89,231,13,15,12>A big tasty hamburger whoseFresh juices squirt, dribble and ooze   Brings quivers and quakes   And amorous shakesThat only more bites can defuse.Once a month on a Saturday morning, I attend a music rehearsal held at Christ Church Cathedral downtown. Today, after singing heartily for 2-1/2 hours, I was famished and remembered there was a new hamburger joint around the corner.When I caught sight of the place, I started laughing. It is a teeny, tiny, divey, cinder block building that is lined with hubcaps. I wondered whether they are ever stolen at night. If you're familiar with downtown, Hubcap Grill is to burger joints what La Carafe is to bars. Both are quintessential holes in the wall. I intuitively knew this was going to be a richly rewarding burger experience.I felt fortunate it was midday on a Saturday and I was the only one at the counter. I suspect that during the work week a line must form that goes out the front door and down the sidewalk. On the white board above the counter, the burger names were impressive and included triple and quadruple bypass burgers. I asked the guy at the counter what he considered their signature burger. He didn't hesitate to tell me I should try their Philly cheese burger ($6.50). I concurred and also ordered a side of sweet potato fries ($2.00) and a Stewart's root beer ($1.50).There is hardly any room inside to sit and it was a gorgeous day outside, so I sat down at the white plastic table on the sidewalk. There are also tables on a deck in a narrow alley next to the building. In less than five minutes, my order was in front of me.It was big. It was bursting at the seams with globs of melted cheese, grilled onions and green peppers piled high on the burger and fusing themselves into the meaty matrix. My heart skipped a beat.I began my patty-lingual assault and immediately gooey, cheesy, slobbery drippings began pooling on the Styrofoam plate. My hands were a mess. I couldn't have cared less. I was face first into one of the best burgers I've eaten in a long time. The only criticism I have of that mound of goodness was that the toasted bun just wasn't substantial enough. It simply wasn't bun enough to handle the wet and wild wonders that oozed from the crease at its core.I was breathing heavily as I finished up the sweet potato fries (I had to salt them more heavily than I would have wished to make them interesting) and washed everything down with the root beer. I'm glad there was a big paper towel roll in the middle of the table to clean up the wet juicy puddle that had overflowed my plate.'Twas hard to say, "I've had enough!"I wanted much more of their stuff.   E'en though it is filling,   There's nothing more thrillingThan diving face first in that...burger.
<review# 1977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2009,4/7/2009,27,121,7,7,7>I have been savagely destroying dumplings at a furious pace since finding this place a few weeks back.  I stand by everything said in my previous review but would like to take note that there is some slight inconsistency in the dumplings.  To me it is not a huge deal, but sometimes they seem to be a little doughier or the filling is slightly different.  Still delicious though, and if these are handmade then so be it, I can live with that as part of the charm.  I hate the thought of machine made food.I am going to eat these daily until I get sick of them.
<review# 1978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2009,4/6/2009,419,749,16,23,21>There was a recent episode of The Office in which the character Andy is lamenting the fact that he could never be a film critic because he's not insightful enough.  "Maybe I can be a food critic," he says, switching to something he perceives to be easier.  "'These muffins...are bad'."I kinda felt like Andy when I was at Mockingbird Bistro, except my review would be "this meal...is awesome."  Seriously, though, I was confronted by how little I know about food and how much I would love to learn.  Most of the time I didn't really know what I was eating, but I knew it was delicious.  Chef John Sheely has really acheived his vision of haute cuisine with a down-home soul.The lovely Suzanne R. made our reservations for 7PM and we were seated immediately.  After being treated to an appetizer of crostini topped with pate and huckleberries compliments of the chef, I decided on the Alaskan king salmon with twice baked potatoes and broccolini in a beurre rouge sauce (a butter based sauce mixed with pan drippings, and pretty much as delicious as it sounds).  The salmon was rich and flavorful, flaking easily with my fork as I dug into it.  The potatoes were mixed in with bits of smoked salmon--which would seem like overload when served with a salmon steak, but the tastes were so distinct I actually forgot about it until I looked up the menu today.  Portion size was hearty but not overwhelming, proving it really is about quality, not quantity.Service was incredible, from the hostess to the bar to the table and everywhere in-between.  I've never had such an attentive experience at a restaurant in my life--Mockingbird Bistro takes its committment to fine dining seriously, which encompasses the whole experience, not just the food.  The waiter made instant recommendations for both wine and the menu, a telltale sign he knew the restaurant's offerings inside and out.  Toward the end of the meal, Chef Sheely came by our table to inquire about our meal and say hello to Suzanne.  It was the perfect way to cap off such an extraordinary dining experience.The interior of the restaurant is warm and inviting, much like the food and the staff.  Mockingbird Bistro is incredible--a wonderful destination for the most special of occasions, but I'll likely be back "just because."
<review# 1979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2009,4/5/2009,9,17,11,30,16>That's right, variety of meat and cheese is huge. I'd recommend ham-it is not honey sweet as American, i am totally not used to sweet ham, Russian and Polish people would probably understand what it is like :) ; smoked sausage (brand - New Servelat)-very good for sandwiches; Teli Salami-Hungarian brand; beacon is very good too. As for cheese, I personally like Maazdam - semi sweet, and Holland cheese.  I was surprised to find there different types of herbs and medicine! it is awesome. let me explain a little. Long time ago when medicine wasn't that developed as now, people used to cure themselves with herbal teas. The knowledge of herbal treatment still exists, we just prefer to take a pill as it is faster. However I'd rather give some natural not harmful for body tea to a child or pregnant woman rather then a chemical pill. I asked for an assistance, just for curiosity sake, and was given a full consultation by Russian pharmacist (with med degree).Pickled veggies like mushrooms, tomatoes, cucumbers, cabbage are homemade and always fresh. But wouldn't recommend fresh veggies, cause they are not always fresh :( nothing to be sad about as lots of other stores have plenty.You should definitely try pelmeni (dumplings), they have all kinds - with beef, chicken, cheese, cranberries, etc. I call it - food for lazy people :) 5 min and healthy and delicious meal is ready. Lots of all types of sweets! almost all of them are good, especially organic honey, chocolate and Russian candies (try Red Hat, Grilliazh) As for a salty trout :))) be prepared, it has not a very pleasant smell (eat somewhere outdoors). I call it smelly fish. But it tastes very good. Especially with Baltika #9.
<review# 1980,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/7/2009,4/4/2009,219,206,7,10,7>Finally! I came to boondocks and stayed for more than 10 minutes. Was showing my out of town friend around last night (a tuesday) and we popped in for a $2 lonestar. Little Joe Washington was playing which was a nice surprise, fantastic musician and he always cracks me up with his antics. The crowd is definitely hipster, and the bartender really tries hard not to pay attention. I can see why so many people like this place though. Its welcoming in a sense, too bad I can't say the same for the crowd. To be honest, I'd much rather go across the street to Etro and play connect four and listen to industrial/80's/electronic. But thats just me. I just can't seem to warm up to this place. I will come back for some more Little Joe Washington on a Tuesday though.
<review# 1981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2009,4/3/2009,256,89,16,21,17>I LOVE Memorial Park. I drive by it in the mornings and on the way home from work; I can almost hear it whispering my name in the wind sometimes...ha. I see people running or walking here at all hours of the day and in all kinds of crazy Houston weather. You will see such a diverse range of people. People who are training for a race or marathon, couples who are just enjoying each others company while walking, fit moms and dads pushing their kids in their strollers, dog lovers walking their loyal companions, and young hot women/men who just want to show off and wink at each other. Lately I have seen some kind of boot camp training going on in some parts of the park during the weekends.I have only seen men doing it, but it gives me and excuse to stop and get a drink of water while taking a peek. I used to be hesitant about coming here by myself, but not anymore, I just make sure not to come too late at night, I turn on my iPod and go, and  before I know it, it feels like its just me and no one else. I love that carefree feeling.I also like that the trail is well lit at night, and now with the time change being just around the corner, I'm sure even more people will be visiting in the evenings. You can do a bit of everything here, tennis, golf, volleyball, biking, soccer, throw a couple Frisbees, or just have a nice picnic on nice days and catch up on your reading. This park also houses the Houston Arboretum & Nature Center, which is great to visit in the middle of springtime.
<review# 1982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2009,4/2/2009,156,216,13,14,13>I am no longer a UYE virgin...This was the location where I lost my virginity, my UYE virginity...  I was able to accompany 10 others to this wonderful, dumpling filled lunch where I was able to meet my Superman lookalike, the lovely.... I don't know how to spell her name, but it starts with an S and she showed up early.... my friend and hermoso spanish yelper Eren, along with my fellow lover of Latin, Mike who finally added me, funny fantastic Kim, and three others who I met and well.... their names escape me, for that I am eternally sorry...well except for alex who hates Coldplay, so I forgot about him on purpose...Well lets get onto the restaurant!  The dumplings are freaking yelping fantastic!  Steamed was superb, but the fried was... exquisite! I enjoyed trading my dumplings for other dumplings and I felt like we were in our own little yelp country with our dumplings as currency.  I loved our waitress.... her thick Chinese accent made me want to bust out laughing and I think Tino was thinking the same thing.  She did a great job though splitting up the check for all 10 of us and she did get things done, so for that I thank her.All in all a wonderful lunch that I have been looking forward to all week and I hope to re-visit the place soon.
<review# 1983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2009,4/1/2009,124,160,9,17,13>Dear De Ann,I hope one day you pass upon this review and it brings you the joy you have brought me.  I LOVE MY HAIR.  That is hard to come by usually because I was blessed with more than my fair share of hair.  I really look forward to my appointment with you.  I love to just sit back relax, put myself in your talented hands and wait for the outcome.  I used to just go to the corner hair cutting place for $13 or whatever and come out looking like Dorothy Hamil, but you have turned me into a princess.  Thank you.Attention readers.  Dot Dot Salon is a green salon.  How cool is that.  They are prorecycling, They use green and organic products.  The salon is clean and smells nice too.  Check it out, you will NOT be sorry.
<review# 1984,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/15/2009,3/31/2009,66,97,5,5,7>We came here last night to see Alex C and to check out the new location.   The music was great as expected and the crowd was meh to alright.  No one was dancing, but merely standing around talking.   There were 2 stalls in the women's restroom, both occupied by girls puking their guts out---that was a major drawback as I really needed to use a toilet for non-vomiting purposes.   There were a couple of rude people that kept bumping into me, but it really wasn't a problem as I just moved to a less-crowded area.  The bartender kept the drinks coming and was really friendly.   Other than that, I wasn't all that impressed.  I will return since I usually like the crowd and music--I think some people were just a little off that night.
<review# 1985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2009,3/30/2009,13,25,3,7,7>Being a Houston native, I am embarrassed to say that I never knew about this place until last week. We took a stroll here Saturday afternoon and I was awestruck... In my mind, I thought, "How on earth could Houston have such a place?!" Yes, I am biased - Truthfully, I feel that Houston doesn't have much of this kind of culture. But I was wrong -This place is unbelievable AND even has a different feel compared to all the other artsy places I've been to at the big cities. I automatically fell in love with...1) It's free at no cost. Of the 5 buildings the Menil Collection consists of, there is a receptionist/greeter at each place who is ready to smile and welcome you. They even say thanks for coming. Wow! 2) Being a beginner when it comes to museums, my first reaction is always feeling overwhelmed and not knowing where to start. But this place is so warming, simple, and relaxing. Right when I stepped in, I wanted to take my time and enjoy the moment rather than reach my typical goal of looking at EVERYTHING there was in a museum. The feeling was right ;)3) The 5 buildings are all different and spread out in the Montrose neighborhood area. We are literally walking next to houses, condos, parks, tons of green grass, hills, ponds, and Menil Collection sculptures and designs are everywhere.  4) The Rothko Chapel is inspiring. You will be surprised at how you feel right when you step into the door. I knew nothing about this place beforehand, so I was shocked at how I felt. Usually, when you walk into a chapel, you rely on a higher being to help you through your times.. but here, you feel like you rely on no one by yourself. At instances, I felt like I was being crushed or helpless. It's an unexplainable feeling.5) The Byzantine Fresco chapel was beautiful. The architecture is nothing I've seen before. They make the inside of this small church look 3-D and use natural light on the sides to give it a nice effect. I love it.6) The Dan Flavin Installation was fun. When you walk through these lights to the front and back, notice something different. It took me awhile to notice, but it's cool!I'm definitely coming back here to take a stroll or to take a break from life. I can't believe Houston has such an awesome place like this, and I never knew about it.
<review# 1986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2008,3/29/2009,44,128,11,17,8>I went to college in Philadelphia, which boasts on of the dirtiest, sketchiest, most overpriced and rundown transit systems in this country. By comparison, Houston Metro is the shangri-la of public transportation.  When I first moved to Houston (three weeks ago!), I was temporarily living in Clear Lake with friends and working Downtown until I could find my own place. The Park & Ride preserved my sanity and saved me from spending two hours each day inching along 45. I swear, I have never encountered so many idiotic drivers as I have down here, and I routinely drove through New Jersey when I was in college. The commuter buses are undoubtedly more luxe than local service, but it was always clean and always on time. I've also been impressed by the light rail system and I'm looking forward to its expansion, but why isn't it elevated? Given the traffic here, wouldn't it make more sense?The one aspect I'm puzzled about are Q cards. Why can I only buy them RideShare stores and gas stations and supermarkets? Why can't I buy them at the Park & Ride (perhaps others sell them, but the Bay Area one only had a reload machine), or at Light Rail stops? It's so inconvenient, and I'm baffled that you can't register your Q card online. It's my only gripe though -- I love the 246 bus like a two dollar whore.
<review# 1987,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/5/2009,3/28/2009,9,47,3,5,5>Getting over the hump of the week, Wednesday, doesn't have to be painful and uneventful.  Just look to the angels and saints of the bars and grilles.When I arrived with my best friend, Sergio, I ordered St. Dane's sampler dish.  My order arrived with mix of fried foods such as bread battered cheese stuffed jalapenos, battered pickles  and buffalo wings.  The sampler was simple and each item on the plate was fair.  The accompanying sauces were a disappointment, however.St. Dane's isn't a stuffy social lounge where animal head mountings are  the decor and wearing navy blazers bearing your club's crest is a must.  Instead, St. Dane's is an open place that invites anyone and any mixed group of people to enjoy the company of others, televised sporting events and live music.Our waitress and bartender were pleasant beauties.  They were animated and very friendly amid serving a growing and mounting crowd.  Their service and attitude was both polite and entertaining eclipsing the live band playing in the back.My ears are sore from the noise the band played.  However, I must admit they did sing a variety of music.  An extensive library I must say.  Yet, no library is without its own collection of drab either.   The band's in-between breaks were the chimes to my ear and the cue to jam the great songs of the eighty's.I had a good time at St. Dane's.  I had a great time meeting Yelpers of different backgrounds and professions.   I am certain with time  and more visits St. Dane's can graduate to a 4 star rating.-Esteban
<review# 1988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2009,3/27/2009,195,90,8,8,8>So I have prob. driven by this place 100 times, only spotted it about 3 weeks ago. At the suggestion of a friend we ordered take-out one weeknight at like 10 p.m. I mention it b/c no one else was picking up the phone in the Heights so score 1 for Chicago Pizza! The menu has a great selection. score 2! I got pasta with veggies, friend got calzone, we both got salads. The salads are the BOMB! Score 3! I ate half of my friends calzone and the pasta was great too, just not as good as the calzone that night! :) We hung out inside while our order got wrapped up, what a cute place! score 4 stars!!!! I will DEFINITELY be back, with the whole family and friend get-up next time! Can't wait to try the pizza!
<review# 1989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2009,3/26/2009,3,9,10,13,10>Came in here today as a mistake!  Yep, you read that right, I dropped in here thinking I was going somewhere else.  I'll explain.A few days ago I was looking for a place to eat lunch, and I came across the Yelp reviews of a place called Thien-an Sandwiches, a Vietnamese sandwich shop.  However, I had already made lunch plans elsewhere, and so I filed it in my memory somewhere and figured I'd go visit it another day.  So fast forward to today, I'm looking for a place to eat lunch, and I thought "hmm, what was the name of that place" and came across this instead.I actually ended up driving past the place, because I was looking for something a bit more ... well ... Vietnamese.  "This can't be the right place," I thought.  And then I walked inside and realised that, yep, this isn't the Vietnamese sandwich shop.  Screw it, I'm already here, let's order.Ended up having the bacon-brie panini, with a bit of side salad, to go.  While I was waiting (which wasn't too terribly long), a young woman came into the shop and professed an absolute ignorance for tea (which, as a non-tea-drinker, I can identify with), and the guy behind the counter was an absolute help to her.  He talked her through the different options (of which there are MANY) and ended up getting her something that it sounds as though she enjoyed.  Granted - for what amounts to a specialty tea-shop - that may just be par for the course, but it struck me as excellent customer service, and is to be commended.That aside, let's talk about my lunch, shall we?  Flat out, it was fantastic.  The sandwich was great, the bread (focaccia) was fresh and crispy, the sandwich filling (bacon, brie, tomato, chipotle mayo) was superb, and the salad was a refreshing alternative to the basic chips that you get pretty much everywhere else.  If I have to find something to criticise (and being a critic, I think i can), it would be that I think the lunch was slightly overpriced.  That is, for what essentially amounts to a small sandwich with a very small salad, I think $7.45 strikes me as on the high side of average (and I would think shaving a dollar off the cost would be satisfactory), but it's a minor issue.  I can't speak to this personally, as I was here on a weekday for lunch, but I hear that they also have events (such as concerts and dancing) which would be supremely cool.  And if I'd stayed a bit longer, I would have made excellent use of the free WiFi internet, which is just another plus.  All that said, I'd recommend this place highly.  I loved it, and so should you, unless you're a friendless jaded misanthrope who hates kittens and kicks puppies.  Come here at least once.
<review# 1990,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/8/2009,3/25/2009,40,161,18,11,13>Do you like people watching? Then yes, Coco is the right place. Do you like seeing people you saw Saturday night at clubs/bars? Then yes, Coco is the right place to be. Do you like seeing EX-Con murders? Just kiddingSo Anthony, Mr Chili and I ended up here today for a nice Sunday brunch. The crowd was in their late 20s to mid thirtys. Young couples, single moms? young professionals.  Great place to sit outdoors. The only problem sitting outdoors is that you can occasionally be disturbed by the loud sounds of trucks and bikes passing by but other than that great location. I was starving by the time I reached there and went in and quickly skimmed through the large menu above the counter and wanted to try their savoury crepe with Moroccan sausage but decided to have eggs instead so I asked the person at the counter if I could have poached eggs maybe. Knowing that it wasn't on the menu I knew what I was getting into. The person didn't know what I was saying at first.Madam: I was wondering if I could have poached eggs with a toast? Counter Person: You want eggs with your crepe?Madam: No, just poached eggs with a toastCounter Person: Toast as in toasted bread? Madam: thinking, no toast as in fried sushi. Yes, toast like a piece of bread, yes?Counter Person: Our eggs come in a boxBy this time I had bells ringing... Alarm! AlarmMadam: In a BOX!!? You mean you don't use fresh eggs? Hmm..Can I talk to your chef?Chef: Walks in Madam: Was wondering if I can have poached eggs with a toast?Chef: Sure !! Madam: So, you mean your eggs don't come in a box? The eggs can be poached?Chef: Yes Madam: Great! So I will have pooooached eggs with a toast. Can I also have a house salad and green tea?Counter Person: Yup.Cha ching cha ching , I pay and grab my number and move outside and sit with the fellas. After few minutes or so our order arrives. Behold! (The day the earth stood still moment). Scrambled eggs arrive with a toast and a house salad. I think to myself ...OOOokay??  (slow motion affects) What happened there?  Who played with my breakfast? I let it slide anyways because the weather was too great. The eggs were barely seasoned so I grabbed some tabasco and ate them with it. The house salad had almonds in it. Now I am not allergic to nuts but they should put the ingredients on the menu just for someone who might be. The dressing that came with the salad was thousand islands (can do better, strawberry vinaigrette maybe?). The tea was great though.  However, it tasted more like passion tea (fruity) than green tea. I think my tea went through the same process channel like my poached eggs. Over all, extremely great location surrounded by many tiny restaurants (well thought). Although, parking can be a pain but it's the same with most cafes and restaurant around the area. Just to a note to myself. When In Rome (Do As The Romans Do), so next time no eggs for me , bring on the crepes ! PS: They also have gelatos but I wanted to go to swirls later on so did not try it but their cappuccino gelato looked fairly inviting.
<review# 1991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2009,3/24/2009,251,713,18,19,21>Recently I've found myself in need of quick, lightish, inexpensive meals in the downtown area on the weekend.  The problem?  Most great downtown lunch places are closed on the weekends.  The closest options for most are Midtown or Washington.  Since I'm obsessed with Givral's, I usually head there.  They have the best tofu sandwich anywhere, so I rarely try anything else.  I almost always get a tofu sandwich and BBQ pork spring rolls for a late afternoon/evening snack. (I've probably had five in the past two weeks.)  Well, I'm glad I strayed yesterday.  The egg sandwich is just as amazing! The eggs are over-easy and lightly fried.  They were really light with not much oil, but hearty with their oozy yolks.  If you get one, be absolutely certain to attach a makeshift bib to cover your outfit.  DO NOT DRIVE AND EAT THIS SANDWICH if you are wearing dry-clean only clothes.  (Just saying.)  Lots of great, runny yolk.  The best part of the sandwich (the heart attack/cholesterol maker) is in the last quarter of this sandwich.  The yolk drips down to the bottom and renders this portion of the bread completely yolk-soaked.  Along with the sweet pickling juice of the radishes, it is decadent.  Almost like french toast without the crusting.
<review# 1992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2009,3/23/2009,165,170,,15,8>Shazia C. just reminded me to review this adoption center. Thanks! It's located where the old Sharper Image use to be. They are open every weekend Saturdays 10am-6pm and Sundays 12pm-6pm.They only have a handful (about 10-15 animals) of both dogs and cats each weekend, but they bring different ones each week. So stop by weekly if you don't find your perfect pet. The staff is very helpful and will allow you to walk and play with any of the pets. I even saw someone bring their own pet to see if they can add another furry friend to their family.This place is very clean, organized and very spacious inside. I recommend this place for anyone who is trying to find a furry addition.
<review# 1993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2009,3/22/2009,26,136,4,9,8>Himalaya is one of those places where i will sit and eat my self quite contently into a food coma until every last morsel is gone. This place is quite simply awesome! It may feel a little overwhelming (especially to those unfamiliar with indian/pakistani cuisine) when you first enter as all orders are placed off of a large white board at the counter - however the staff are very friendly and more than willing to offer explanations and dining suggestions. We settled on a lamb briyani, saag paneer, chicken handi and a compulsory garlic naan and from the moment that first spoonful of saag paneer made it to my mouth i knew i was in heaven! Tasty, authentic, delicious, and oh so good for the soul!! This is as good as it gets!
<review# 1994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2008,3/21/2009,232,18,1,7,8>Niko Niko's is truly a Greek staple in Houston!I have been going to Niko Niko's for years, even before their somewhat new remodel/makeover. The place was a bit of a dive inside, small, without A/C (umm...small Houston restaurant?), and the parking sucked, but it always had a line and is still incredible!!!Thank the Greek Gods for all their success, expanding, and adding central air!Like I said, they always have a line, but it moves super fast. It's a walk up counter to place your order but there are usually at least two people taking orders, they want you in and they want you out!I always get the gyro which has a combo of beef and lamb and is oh so good. The spankopita is also pretty amazing!The gyros are so flavorful and huge so you will be more than full, but their desserts are pretty darn good as well. I don't really advise going on a first date there for a couple reasons. If you get something like a gyro, be prepared to have some kickin' breath for the sauces and meats are infused with garlic, onions, and different spices that will leave you un-kissable. If you love their amazing sauce though and want to take some home, I'm pretty sure they sell it as well...yumm.It's a family restaurant owned and operated by the same family for 25 years! Who can really say that these days? I've never been to Greece but would expect this food to be pretty darn close since the owners are very Greek and very traditional. When I go to Greece, I'll make sure to update this to compare :)Truly a Montrose legend!
<review# 1995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2008,3/20/2009,37,51,7,11,10>Having just moved to Houston, I was surprised by Hugo's on every level.  Over the summer, I was initially attracted to its exterior and the banner outside advertising their squash blossoms.  From the looks of the place just driving by, I always assumed it was just a rustic, american-grill kind of place with seasonal plates (squash blossoms).  OH how wrong was I??Hugo's is one of the most delicious restaurants I've ever been to...that includes New York City and is a 5-star kind of restaurant right down to the flatware.  For those of you who can't shake the Texas "big plate, big portions" way of life, Hugo's won't be for you.  This is the kind of restaurant where white cloth napkins come to frolic together in one ecstatic fantasia...(whoa)...  As with most fine-dining establishments, the plates are on the small side, but the food is packed with flavor and is artistically plated.  It's about appreciating the sensual experience of flavors, not the quantity of food you can eat in one sitting.I was extremely skeptical of the ambitious menu but it slowly turned into one of the most satisfying dining experiences I've had to date in Houston.  During the summer, order yourself ANYTHING with the squash blossoms.  The soup was fantastic as was the quesadilla.  For my main entree, ordered the duck with mole sauce and couldn't have been happier.  It's been a long time since I've tasted food this exciting and...well...sexy...(can food be sexy??)...The restaurant itself is stunning.  The rustic interior reminds me of the old missions in California but still maintains a very elegant and sophisticated esteem.  Waitstaff is a little pretentious, but that's okay- you won't care after tasting the food.Most menu items are reasonably priced for a restaurant of this kind and will be on my top 10 list of places to frequent in the Houston area.The bar is beautiful and the margaritas looked devilishly deadly.  Wine selection is outstanding and very, very impressive.I'm not sure how this place would be for a romantic setting, but would be great for a group of friends or family.  It's hard to tell if the acoustics overwhelm the table.  I will return to Hugo's as often as my wallet shall allow!
<review# 1996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2009,3/19/2009,23,21,7,11,10>I would gladly be one of those regulars who eats at Cleburne two or three times a week. Their portions are not only plentiful, but delicious. Just standing in line staring at their mounds of comfort foods puts me in indicision meltdown. Every time I went during the months of October and November I had turkey and dressing, and it was consistently juicy, flavorful and perfectly seasoned.Their desserts are massive as well and completely dwarf the plates. I don't waste valuable stomach space on bread, but their selection is pretty extensive. Sadly, they do not have fountain soda, so no refills. But their bottled drinks are cute and nostalgic, so I give them a pass. Plus, the tea is good and refilled by the cart ladies, so you can't go wrong there. They also have the best/most attentive restaurant manager I have ever come across. She is there every single time I'm at Cleburne and talks to every customer (and not in that invasive annoying way where they talk you up for ten minutes and never acknowledge your empty drink), just a quick check in with everyone. And she will refill your tea.And if I may get all OCD Mommy for a minute...Cleburne has the BEST high chairs on earth. They are cleaned and plastic-wrapped after every use, they even place a bib and pack of graham crackers on every tray for the little ones. As someone who carries a thing of Wet-Ones everywhere I go and fastidiously disinfects every high chair my child touches, I am so grateful for these wonderful people. Finally, I can relax and enjoy a meal.Why the love affair and only four stars?Half the time I want to eat there, they're closed! Closed from 2:30-4 on weekdays, closed SATURDAYS, and they close nightly at 8:30. What is the deal, Cleburne? We are in the center of a large metropolis. I want to give you 5 stars, I really really do. But I need you to come through on this. Until then, I will try and commit your strange hours to memory.
<review# 1997,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/6/2009,3/18/2009,54,39,9,9,8>In agreement with Tony Hassell-hoff here, a three star joint and you get what you ask for in here. So many TV screens you kinda get lost and forget which game you were looking to focus on in the first place! Came here to watch the Liverpool (scum) versus Real Madrid (Spanish scum) "football" match for the European Champions League. That's exactly what we got. I am in desperate need of my UK "football" fix whilst out here in Houston and reckon old Big Johns is as good a place as any to go. There are all the usual amenities for a place like this as you'd expect, pool tables, darts boards, quiz machines, and an ex-playboy model barmaid wearing a cowboy hat (ha, don't ask)!!Food was a bit of a worry, Tony has assured me through the day this place is ok and does a mean breakfast however when we went there we noticed their was only really burgers on the menu. When we asked why this was we were told it was because it is the only thing the "chef" can confidently cook! Alarm bells! Ended up having chips, jalapeno poppers, and mozzarella sticks. Basically only stuff that go in the fryer, surely they can't balls that up?!! A good place all round, not exactly outstanding enough to warrant 4 stars but like I say if you want to watch pretty much ANY sport or game then go hear but if you want food and drink then I would recommend elsewhere.
<review# 1998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2009,3/17/2009,40,93,6,7,9>True to yelpers words, the down stair leaves something to be desired. But upstairs! Perfection. Laid back to the max. Darts, pool tables, plenty of room to move around, and a nice little balcony for us filthy smokers. Service was pretty decent and the drinks oh my. My Vodka Cranberry was damn near clear. After two of those bad boys, I had to switch to beer so that I could continue carrying on a semi coherent conversation. Ernie's so graciously provided us with some appetizers that were delish. The potato skins and fried zucchini were stellar. Cory O is right... Bar food doesn't have to suck. I ordered a chicken sandwich (The Biggio) w/ tater tots @ a whopping $8. This meal could have fed four of us no joke. Although I wasn't in love with it. I couldn't really taste anything on it except fried substance. I will not be deterred though. I cant wait to come back for potent drinks and surprisingly good bar food.
<review# 1999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2009,3/16/2009,115,362,17,10,15>It was a cold and rainy evening when I stopped at Bibas on West Gray for some Greek comfort food. But the parking lot was empty, the windows dark. Upon investigation, a sign on the door read, "Closed for renovations." I collapsed in despair like Philoctetes on his deserted island, with no one to console me, no whispers of empathy floating on the breeze, just the sound of my own lamentations falling on the deaf ears of night. I was alone, and the future was bleak.There was a ship on the horizon though, my salvation nigh. One's A Meal was re-opened on Westheimer near Montrose, and at long last my prayers were answered. While the old place had a lot of character, the new location is much bigger and a lot nicer, but regardless, the food is what matters and it hasn't changed. The gyros are fantastic, the late night breakfast is not to be missed, and a plate of calamari or spanakopita will set you right. But personally, it's the keftedakia that keeps me coming back, and I'd toss ol' Cerberus a biscuit and traverse the depths of Hades to get it. Tantalizingly spiced Greek meatballs on a bed of rice, with potatoes and green beans on the side, this is a hearty meal your own Yia Yia would be proud to serve. With a side salad and bread to start, careful you can still fit behind the steering wheel when you leave.You complete me, One's A Meal. Never leave me again.
<review# 2000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2009,3/15/2009,51,137,6,9,8>Just finished lunch at El Rey and I have two words for you - Cuban tacos.  Atmosphere: This location is brand new and very spiffy and clean.  Bar stools surround the place and one long bar runs along the open kitchen.  The side opposite the kitchen has a row of tables.  Space got a bit tight during the lunch hour, but my hubby and I managed to find a nice place to park.Service: Very friendly counter service, and the bus boy/man was friendly as well.Food:  The Cuban tacos are honestly one of the best things that's ever happened to me.  They are delicious to the point of ridiculousness.  I had the beef version (you can also get chicken) which consisted of a fresh corn tortilla stuffed with fantastically seasoned beef, black beans, plantains, and a drizzle of sour cream.  Seriously, heaven in my mouth.  I also tried a Ropa Vieja taco - which was very tasty but all the meat wanted to come out in one piece when I took a bite.  The carnitas taco was also very good, but if there's one thing I want you readers to remember it's CUBAN TACOS.  Overall:   Amazing!  Snazzy new location with fantastic food.  And I'll type this one more time in case you weren't paying attention - try the Cuban tacos!
<review# 2001,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/24/2009,3/14/2009,305,161,16,14,14>Damn you Half Star! Why won't they let you live?!? Goode is a solid 3 n' a haffer for me. Can't give four though, they're just not as good as my 4* joints. Goode's does a wide assortment of meats, sides, and desserts. And everything is consistently good across the board. But nothing, sans pies, deserves to be called great. On the other hand, the location IS great. It does a great job of being kitschy Texana without being too cheesy. You can amble through a small, cabin-like dining room; pull a cold Lone Star from the beer tub; and dine under the awning outside while Willie croons from the speaker. All the while feeling a little bit closer to that thing we occasionally think Texas is supposed to be. Or at least slightly more "Texan" than Hooters hot wings or Azuma's hot rocks. So there I was with my frequent companion, the 3 meat plate. Here my plate was piled high for the $15 I spent on the meal and a drink. And oddly enough, the drink was the real disappointment. No Big Red or sweet tea? You're killin me Jim. Now let's get back to the plate. The trifecta of the smoke-nasty: ribs (baby back), sausage (jalapeno), and brisket (lean). On the side was potato salad, jalapeno pinto beans, and a fat slice of jalapeno cheese bread. Sounds good even typing it. Got my sauce on the side, which I'd highly recommend, and cruised outside. The meats are all good. They have a heavy smoke flavor, look good on the plate, and are all good examples of the Q. But none of it's going to be that roll-your-eyes-back-in-your-head good. The beans are another great example. Great in every fashion, except a little bland. Which doesn't seem right with the obvious herbs, peppers, and meat. But yeah, bland all the same. The tater salad is a cool, refreshing mayo-style with generous green peppers and hard boiled eggs mixed in. The bread is swell, but Kroger's version blows it away. The sauce is like a heavily seasoned then blended can of stewed tomatoes. It's great with the bread, sausage, and some onion. But I wouldn't drown the Q in it. Summation: This place is a Houston institution and I say we're better for it. This isn't world-class bbq, but it is good, consistent, and serves as the reminder of the Goode motto that " you might want to give some serious thought to thanking your lucky stars you're in Texas." Now that's a Goode idea. (forgive the cheese, had to do one)
<review# 2002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2008,3/13/2009,17,181,2,7,7>First off, I think that this bakery had the best name of any place in Houston (very creative)!  After reading the reviews on Yelp, I decided to go in and grab a pie.  It was definitely worth it.  I tried the strawberry cream pie, which was light and sweet.  The part of the pie that I couldn't get enough of was the crust!  I am not sure what it was about it, but I had to steal the crust off my girlfriend's piece before she could eat it!  If you need a quick desert for a dinner party and are looking to impress, give the Flying Saucer a try!
<review# 2003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2008,3/12/2009,9,59,3,11,6>Hate waxing of all sorts?  Then aesthetician (and owner) Suk is your answer.  She is beautiful, swift, deft and has been waxing for many years.  Regardless of what body part you want waxed, I can tell you it will be done quickly, as painlessly as possible and most of all, expertly.  Suk understands that waxing is an art and she has mastered it.  She understands the science of hair removal and if you have ever had it done incorrectly, you know it is indeed a science!   I have been frequenting this salon for 4 years and have never been disappointed.  Appointments requested but not necessary. Most of the time I just walk in for the waxing.  She let me in on the secret of remaining cool and umm, aired out, for a few hours after waxing.  Bikini areas especially are prone to irritation bumps if you start perspiring immediately after.  Be sure to have Lisa do your hair, too!  She has cut, colored and highlighted mine as well as played therapist during my beautifcation process for the last 4 years.  She, too , is an artist.  I am a mix of  Hispanic, French and Italian and have wavy, unruly black-brown hair.  Highlights are tough to accomplish on me without looking orange or brassy or just plain awful.  Lisa patiently walked and talked me through highlighting options and the results were fabulous!  She gets a little happy with all of the fabulous Aveda hair finishes available so if you are averse to mousse or after-cut spray products, just let her know and she'll laugh and back-off.  I am sure she has cringed, but there have been a couple of times I have left outta there with a wet head!The decor is calming with pale yellow paint and neutral tile - all designed and selected by Suk.  Treat yourself or ask/hint/beg husby/boyfriend/partner/mother/brother/sister to get you a gift certificate.  You will not be disappointed.   A great gift idea as well!I have listed their services as pricey, but they are very much in line with other salons in the Memorial area, which are all pricey!  Hey, you get what you pay for.
<review# 2004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2008,3/11/2009,64,77,4,6,6>A friend had been teasing me about this place for months.  I made a note that I should eventually get out there.  Then the time came . .. I needed to recommend a 'great Japanese' place in Houston for someone coming in from Cali.  Hmmmmmm.  I trust this aforementioned friend so I mentioned Aka.  I also mentioned Kubo - which is my uber-fave.  Azuma, while great for happy hour drinking and a little sushi on the side, just doesn't fit the bill when you say 'great Japanese FOOD.'I then decide I must try this place since I just recommended it; call the friend and make a dinner date that evening and then check out Yelp . . . 'uh oh'  1 star.  crap.  I brace myself. What can I say - I LOVED it. So their happy hour specials kick Azuma's ass, first of all.  Tiger Eye Rolls kids - on the happy hour special - I couldn't believe it! Not to mention the extensive list of non-sushi appetizers . . . sure, sure there was seaweed salad [my fave], edamame [everyone's fave] and every kind of tempura but there was more I tell you.So then, we get to the rolls.  I admit here, I did not even get to the sashimi.  Vow for next time though.  How could I, though, with this many a-mazing rolls on the happy hour menu: eel/avocado [added to the new list of faves], Tiger Eye, spicy Yellowfin, and their signature [not on happy hour] which incorporates Doritos [ I know!]. Between three of us we had 11 rolls, edamame, seaweed salad & 1 salmon sashimi and the plates were licked clean.  Needless to say, I will be back.  Maybe tonight.  It wins for best selection of not boring sushi rolls and you don't even break into Ms. Piggy's Bank if you go before 7PM. I still stand by Kubo for sashimi and sake though.
<review# 2005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2008,3/10/2009,138,127,4,14,10>After many a bad experience at your local "$20- rush you through, non-disenfecting and cutting your skin" mani/pedi places in town I was searching for a nail salon where I wasn't treated badly, talked about or rushed out like bad cattle. Parkview Nails quietly opened its doors in the Heights a few years ago.  I hobbled in all horribly hooved and the rest is history. The girls here all greet the clients by your name and ask how you and your family are, etc and never make you feel like you are burdening them with your business.Go here when you want the luxury spa experience without the luxury spa price. For a true luxury experience, start by hitting up Terlingua next door for a frozen rita before your pedi. The mini-spa pedi is 45-55 minutes of bliss and at only $28 (includes salt scrub and leg massage) you can't beat the price. Ask for Tammy, she takes her time, pampers your tired, feet and rubs all your cares away while the massage chair takes care of the rest. Leave feeling rested, relaxed and with your best foot and pretty toes forward.
<review# 2006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2009,3/9/2009,118,142,5,9,10>Another one of my favorite things is anything Mexican! Mexican coke, Mexican jewelry, Mexican candy, pretty much anything Mexican... which includes Mexican folk art! I heard about this place over Christmas break and finally made my way to check it out. First of all, the owner Madeleine is the sweetest little shop owner ever. She was so welcoming and full of information regarding the pieces for sale. The first floor is mainly Mexican folk art, jewelry, paintings, pottery and the second floor is reserved for other ethnic folk art from Indonesia, Peru, China, India, etc... Take your time and take everything in! There's lots to see and very easy to miss if you don't look around every corner. The only reason why I docked Las Manos Magicas is because the prices are a bit high. However, it's totally reasonable considering the pieces are beautiful and travel a long way to make it in one piece. This is another place I will be visiting monthly!
<review# 2007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2008,3/8/2009,347,105,9,6,8>Came here for a crazy UYE that had 15 people. Yes, we overwhelmed this rather small establishment. I had called ahead and warned the owner in my broken chinese that a big group was comng and he said, "come on over!!!" So, we did. My only faux pas that night was that not ordering enough in the beginning and ordering too much at the end. We had about 4 waves of food. The dim sum was decent, not spectacular. Service was kinda spotty but I suspect our group became a bit too unwieldy for the young lass to accomodate. But no matter, I had a fun time grossing everyone out by eating the chicken feet. I'll be back.
<review# 2008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2008,3/7/2009,2,4,3,7,6>The interior is small yet cozy.  I would have to say it isn't the best place to bring a large group of people to acclimate and converse.  However, if you are in the mood to chillaxe and be one with yourself, then this is the place for you.  The coffee selection is of the fair-trade persuasion, which is a plus in my book.  Every barista I have come across at Antidote has been friendly and well versed in coffee and espresso beverages.  This coffee house also features a great outdoor seating area just to the side of the local with plenty of seating, lots of umbrellas, and two gigantic fans.  Now, the outside is a great place to be with lots of people.If you are looking to relax, read a book, enjoy one of the best cups of coffee in Houston (for a very reasonable price), and meet lots of really great people, then the Antidote on Studemont and 8th is the place to go.
<review# 2009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2008,3/6/2009,48,43,9,5,7>Have I written a crappy review about Onion Creek? Yes... but I see hope. And that hope lives in the newest addition to the "Creeks" franchise in Houston's Heights.If I lived in the Heights, this would probably be one of my regular hangouts. The only, only problem... getting into the place. For ladies who like to wear big clunky shoes like myself (or heels) please, for the love of GOD... wear walking shoes to get into the place... at a minimum chanclas (aka flip flops). You literally have to negotiate your way down a semi-steep hill that leads to a stream and then hop over some craggly old sandstone steps to get to your friends and a tasty cold beverage. I liken the whole ordeal to a pilgrimage across some barren god forsaken desert, and salvation comes in the form of a cold, delicous, life-giving alcoholic beverage... it's a trek but ultimately worth it. Once you have reached the promise land, you will find an extremely comfortable environment. It's primo real estate for shootin the sh*t with your friends over a cold drink. Plus there's a very limited menu with some decent bar food options like fried pickles and ranch sauce, chips and queso or a variety of burgers. All greasy and definitely heart attack, pounding on my convulsing heart tasty.So take a trip down the slippery slope that is Cedar Creek. You may fall into their scenic "creek" but once you crawl out of the muddy mess, you might just have a fabulous time, mud and all.
<review# 2010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2008,3/5/2009,1,17,3,6,5>I looooove this place. The decor is relaxing, but nice and doesn't scream barbeque. They used environmentally-friendly items all over the place (from the tables, to the cups & straws, and paint on the walls). The whole place is a perfect balance of sophisticated and comfortable. The bar area especially shines. I never went to Beaver's before Chef JJ got there, so I can't compare the old food to the current food. The current food is amazing, especially for the price. We tried a bit of everything and were more than satisfied across the board. The pulled pork and brisket and cheese dip especially stand out in my mind right now. But, honestly, we didn't get one thing we didn't love. The dessert menu has been entirely re-done from pre-JJ times, so (going by what I've heard about the old desserts), they're worth taking a look at now. I had some bacon ice cream that was delicious and totally unexpected.Try the specials, drink a prohibition era-inspired drink, and eat piles of pulled pork. I highly recommend it. If I didn't live so far away (in Holland - but a Houston-native), I'd be a regular there!
<review# 2011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2009,3/3/2009,31,35,6,13,12>Myself and Adam O. went out for a bite today and discovered Irma's. Or, as I will now refer to it, business lunch paradise. Seriously, I've never seen a restaurant run with such ruthless, delicious efficiency before. We were led to our table and had our drinks and appetizers ordered before our asses hit the chairs. No more than a minute later, said drinks and appetizers were sitting on the table in front of us - very impressive. Let me get it out of the way and say that the bottomless strawberry lemonade is a must-have.. it is made fresh daily (with little strawberry bits in it even) and is all kinds of refreshing. The queso dip (appetizer) was equally as unique and tasty, made with pico de gallo and beef, and definitely not your mom's velveeta dip.Entrees (ordered from the verbal menu) were out in 15 minutes, and were just as good as expected. Adam had the pork enchiladas and made a bunch of happy grunting noises - I had the chicken milanesa and thoroughly enjoyed it too. Our waitress, Monica, was funny and attentive, and we were taken care of very well. The whole meal went swimmingly, and at $35 for the whole deal, it wasn't cheap, but certainly wasn't enough to break the bank either.The only  thing that I would recommend you look out for is that they can't split orders between credit cards, so be ready for that. Otherwise, I would say Irma's is a delicious, interesting spot that I would and will check out again.
<review# 2012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2009,3/2/2009,172,157,10,9,9>After my boyfriend injured his finger, I thought bringing him to The Flying Saucer would cheer him up. He loves beer. I am sure he heard must of heard a choir sing in harmony when he saw all the beer they have on tap.We sat near the bar. The back of a guy's shirt read: "The Foam Rangers on search for Holy Ale,"  with a Christian crusader scene unfolding in the picture.  I knew I had found a place where both the patrons and the bar had a sense of humor.The naughty school girl look must have been the inspiration for the uniform of The Flying Saucer waitstaff. The mini skirts they wear is just a few inches below their bum; stockings and short sleeve shirts finish off the look. Male patrons must love it.The waitress stood about 5 inches away from us. Her eyes were fixated on my boyfriend, her back was towards me. She wedged herself between us. She made all of the ordering questions to him; it was as if I didn't exist to her. Seeing off this unfold in front of me, a few times, did spark some anger. I don't think my boyfriend saw smoke coming out of my ears. I watched as the waitresses checked on patron after patron. It appears they have no concept of personal space.With so many beer choices to view and beer lingo to learn, I finally decided to have the Hummingbird Water. From the moment, the waitress arrived with my beer the scent caught my attention; it was sweet and fruity, like the mixed drinks I tend to prefer over beer. After one sip, I found myself singing to myself "At last, my beer has come along. My beerless days are over." This was the first pint of beer, I truly liked the flavor of. The first pint of beer, I didn't ask my boyfriend to finish for me.Next time, I want to take advantage of their tap special where you choose 5 beers on tap, for $10 bucks. It seems like an inexpensive way to try different beers.Becoming a beerknerd is the first step towards stardom on the Wall of Fame. You pay $14 bucks to your server; you'll get a t-shirt and a loyalty card. After you have drank 200 beers, you'll be immortalized on the Wall of Fame with your very own gold plate, with your name, and your own expression engraved onto it. While your drink is prepared, it can be very funny to read what people have engraved onto their plate.This is a great place to grab a beer with friends. My boyfriend and I loved this place. He wouldn't mind going to the Flying Saucer on a regular basis. I look forward to becoming a Beerknerd.
<review# 2013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2009,3/1/2009,90,255,5,9,10>This place is known mostly for meat, but really what you want to get is the malai kofta (vegetable dumplings).  Forget the tandoori or any other sort of meat: this dish is THE single reason for visiting London Sizzler.  I think the guy at India Grocers across the way is in cahoots with the London Sizzler owner, as when I asked him what the best Indian restaurant was in town, he said the London Sizzler.  He is lying.  Regardless, just try the malai kofta.  Then make it a progressive dinner and go to Himalaya (next door) for whatever else you want!
<review# 2014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2009,2/28/2009,196,278,5,14,13>Houston is a great city for Mexican food. From the humble taco truck to elegant fine dining establishments, Houston has the entire spectrum of Mexican food experiences covered. And everyone has their favorites.We've been hearing buzz about a little place way out Westheimer, Sylvia's Enchilada Kitchen. So we made the trek out to see what all the fuss is about.Sylvia's has an unassuming strip center location, in an older strip center well beyond the Beltway. But don't be fooled by the modest exterior; open the door and you're transported to the border, where the nights are hot and the food is hotter.Sylvia Casares is the name behind Sylvia's, and she was recognized as one of the top Latino chefs working in the United States by the Spanish-language magazine Siempre Mujer. She's brought the food from her native Lower Rio Grande Valley to Houston, and created dishes that span Anglo and Mexican culture. Those who view Tex-Mex cuisine as some sort of inferior stepchild to other Mexican cuisines need only to sample Sylvia's cooking to have the attitudes adjusted.As with most Mexican establishments, you start with chips and salsa. Sylvia's chips are fresh and warm, and the salsa is a thin, housemade and savory. We had to remind ourselves to save room for the enchiladas.As one would guess from the name, Sylvia's specialty is enchiladas, and there is a wide range to choose from -- no less than 18 different styles.Sylvia helpfully offers two different sampler platters, each with four different petite enchiladas. For this first visit, we selected her North of the Border sampler.First we sampled the Refugio - a basic cheese enchilada made with blended cheddar cheeses and topped with chili gravy. It was a good enchilada; smooth and spicy with a moderate amount of heat from the gravy.Next came the Lubbock - a ground beef enchilada with Sylvia's Signature Gravy, a meatier take on regular chili gravy. Carnivores will love this enchilada; there is plenty of beef both inside and out, and the seasonings are masterfully balanced to provide heat that does not overpower.Cheese enchiladas and beef enchiladas are Tex-Mex staples. After this things get creative.We dove into the Laguna Madre - fresh crab enchiladas topped with a creamy seafood sauce. This delicious enchilada was stuffed with plenty of juicy lump crab meat, and the creamy sauce had a bit of a kick to it. If you're a seafood lover, this enchilada is one you can't miss.Finally came the most unusual enchilada - the Sarita. A vegetarian enchilada filled with a combination of calabacita (summer squash) corn, and mild cheese, topped with a light cream sauce. The fresh flavor of the vegetables combined with the rich, savory cream sauce and the result was one of the best enchiladas we can remember tasting.Sylvia's was busy on the night we visited, but service was professional, prompt and friendly. Prices are a touch higher than one might expect for Tex-Mex dishes, but we feel that the quality more than makes up for the extra $2-3 per plate.All in all, we think that Sylvia's is one of Houston's best Mexican restaurants, and if you've not visited, you're missing out on a meal that any lover of Mexican food will enjoy.
<review# 2015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2009,2/27/2009,53,60,6,10,10>The biggest reasons I relocated to where I did (right across the street from this beautiful green space).  So many things going on all the time: people hanging out, playing frisbee, and even getting hitched (daily it seems - or atleast taking pictures) in crazy colorful extravagant gowns/outfits across the street from Zaza.Whether you want to just take a leisurely stroll, go golfing, catch a free play or concert at the amphitheater (Miller Outdoor), relax at a bench and people/animal watch, paddle boat, go to the zoo, or get 'murried' (list can keep going and going) this place is a wonderful location.Additionally it has a large (for the park size) artificial lake, flower and Zen gardens, reflective pool with obelisk on one end and an "Arc-de-Sam Houston" on the other, mini park-wide train, and a kiddie play area.It's nice to have this place as a back yard and be able to use it most of the year due to Houston's generally mild to hot weather.  Also helps in keeping resolutions since you can't help but use it for exercise / outdoor activities almost daily.For a Houston park... as good as it gets!
<review# 2016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2009,2/26/2009,150,374,10,22,13>As I was listening to the Michael Berry show on my way home last night, he kept talking about the best burger joints in Houston and this one popped up several times with his listeners, so I took it as a sign. So I finally made an effort to go to Christian's and it paid off in waves of comatose meat digestion aftermath. The burgers here are truly fantastic. Thick patty (the only way, in my book). Perfectly constructed with fresh and TASTY lettuce and tomato, along with a strong yet soft and tasty bun. The onion rings? Perfect. The fries? Well, they suck. But the rest of the meal made up for it. Plenty of cold beer here too, if you're so inclined.I was surprised at the cleanliness and "newness" of this place - looks like they must of remodeled. From everything else I had heard, this was supposed to be kind of a dump. The deck outside looked very new. And the combo meal was under ten bucks!Great. Just what I needed. Another reason to eat unhealthy food.
<review# 2017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2009,2/25/2009,283,153,25,14,15>Ooooh, I love you 80s night!!  Do you know they consider that shit "oldies" now?  Sad...I admit that when I get to Numbers, I am already drunk.  (Read:  "Oh My GAWD!!  Let's go DANCING!!!").  Perhaps *really* drunk would be a better description.  That said, I always have fun dancing my booty off and pointing at all the people fondling each other in the corners.  Mmmm, sexy sexy!!
<review# 2018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2009,2/24/2009,466,956,15,14,16>I was invited to Cielo's for a spare of the moment kinda date and I had  a wonderful time. The atmosphere was perfect for chatting and I felt very comfortable. The staff was incredibly friendly, which was an immidiate plus. The restuarant is very unique in all it's detail. There are wine bottles used for decoration at the bar and  other random places throughout the restaurant. The mural behind (more like on top of) the bar was beautiful. I thought the Chandeliers were beautiful as well. The lighting was perfect and the music was very entertaining. Our waIter was great and even helped me out of a little situation. Here's the story: my date wanted me to have a shot, but being that I dont drink, that would have been a problem! I really get dizzy and start acting funny (as in haha funny) from just one shot! when my date went to the bathroom the waiter asked me if I wanted the shot and I said NOPE! He then offered to bring me iced tea and make it look like a shot to fool my friend... I thought that was such a funny and wonderful idea I consented.  When he came back the waiter brought me my "shot."  My date asked me if he could smell it and I almost panicked when he went to grab it . But  thankfully the waiter passed it to me. I used all the acting skill in me to make believe I was really drinking alcohol, and I think I was successful. It was hallarious and I never told him a thing! I loved that waiter! lol Now back to my review. The food was great and the prices still better. Cielo's really looks like a more expensive restarant than it is, and it is definitely worth trying. Their happy hour menu is rediculously cheap, that's definitely a must try! here's a link:cielomexicanbistro.comDo I really have to tell you that as the Terminator once said: "I WILL BE BACK!!"  lol
<review# 2019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2008,2/23/2009,20,333,6,11,8>I'm so torn: my stomach said 4 stars, but my heart said 3.  The prices were surprisingly sane, every flavor I tried was delish (amaretto chocolate, orange saffron, and sea salt caramel), and the service was uncommonly friendly, but...I can't get over my chain-pretending-to-be-boutique feeling about this place.Should I be so coldhearted as to begrudge them their successful expansion over the past 8 years?  Should I instead admit that I will be returning tonight to try the black pepper olive oil gelato and chocolate sorbet, despite the fact that the view from my table will be of the freeway and parking lot?  Should I take my high and mighty morals over to my other, still favorite, locally owned and operated gelato shack?  Should all of these options be shelved in favor of a hop across the pond for a bite of the real thing?  These are perhaps the questions that  we all must face in these uncertain times.For now, I say with certainty: it's worth a visit.  Maybe not 20 visits, maybe only about 8 visits, but worth it nonetheless.
<review# 2020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2008,2/22/2009,9,8,8,9,9>300 Houston is a Bowling Alley with a twist. A trendy club? A hot new bistro? Or an upscale sports bar? 300 Houston is all that rolled into one.  Per their website: "It's a strikingly different entertainment venue with upscale decor and amenities."Apparently, this bowling alley has been a long standing establishment in West Houston.  Someone came in with a bunch of money and made it look.......well, REAL NICE.  When you enter you are greeted by someone at the front desk to make your lane reservation.  Above the employee is 2 flat screens that display bowling prices and events going on (SWEET!)  The person reserves your lane and get this....puts your name in the computer so it is already there when you show up in your lane.  I was kinda disappointed with this because I couldnt make up my bowling name. Dont you have one?? Mine is Strikey.  It really should be Gutta, but I digress. Before you go to your lane you have to go get your shoes and your ball.  Guess what?  no guessing what size ball you need, no searching high and low for a ball to use.  They have a ball that you can stick your fingers in to find the right fit.  AND....the shoes dont stink!  YAY 300!  The bowling dude attendant brings your ball and shoes to your lane.  Like I said your names are already inputted (damn them) so you can start bowling!We did not eat, but  I checked out their menu.  They have everything from pizza to lamb chops!! wow! A family of 6 was in our area (yea, we were there first, that is what I hate about bowling you have to share space..ugh) they order mini burgers, pizza, beef skewers and drinks.  The lanes are lit with neon lights, so your ball looks all glowy. After you are done bowling your "LANE CAPTAIN", excuse me lol comes and that is who you pay.  There is also a nice bar, that is where I started a tab.  Tall draft domestics were $5. The bathrooms were nice, I knew that because I had 2 beers! I am not a frequent bowler, I mean usually go when I am on a date. But, the prices looked the same as other bowling alleys. I went around 5pm on Saturday, so there were a lot of kids celebrating their birthday.  I would probably go later in the evening next time. The bowling lane sitting area, has nice leather couches and wood floor - so posh.
<review# 2021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2009,2/21/2009,7,61,8,6,4>An ode to Jake's Philly Steaks:Oh Jake, I love your steakIt is the bestIt passed my testThe steak you make, It takes the cake.Ok, so I am not a poet, but I seriously love Jake's.  My first trip to Jake's was a few years ago after a trip to Philly where I had a steak crafted at Ginos (yum).  A coworker asked me to try Jake's so he would know how his favorite cheesesteak compared to the master's.  I was instantly in love. The bread is fresh and crusty, the meat is tender and not at all dry, the onions grilled to a perfect softness, the whiz is so good. The small cheese steak is $4.69 and while it looks almost too small, it is filling! The beer battered onion rings are amongst the best I have had.  They are crisp and slightly sweet from the beer battering.  Jake's has drink specials every night of the week.I will say this- if you are not adding whiz to your steak, you are ordering wrong.  I do not eat cheese whiz under any other circumstance, so I know it might sound icky, but give it a try- you will be pleased!
<review# 2022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2009,2/20/2009,134,149,3,7,6>Who would have ever thought that British food could be the basis for high art in kitchen?  Really appreciate the attention to quality, fresh local ingredients and a distinctive menu.  For appetizers, we had the French fish soup and the scallops with cheese, both great.  We are big fans of Chinese roast pork so my wife had the Feast's roast pork belly.  Excellent crispy crust and delicious.  I had the pork confit pastry, and we shared an order of bubble and squeak.  Again, delicious.  Why did I never try bubble and squeak before?  Maybe the name scared me off, but the idea of being more creative with mashed potatoes and vegetables is so natural and delicious that it is amazing the dish has not become more popular in this country.  Portions are generous, you won't go away hungry.Why four stars and not five?  The waitress was cheerful and generally provided good service, but she had some significant gaps in her knowledge of the menu.  Specifically, Feast offers a tasting menu, but our answer to what was on it was "There are nine dishes.  Three or four are appetizers, no wait, I am not really sure..."  I mean seriously folks, a tasting menu is the chef's highest art, total control of the meal from beginning to end.  If a restaurant is going to offer a tasting menu, they should at least be able to describe what is involved!  Also I don't figure on dropping $100 on dinner for two in a place where the staff wear blue jeans.  The chairs are rustic but not particularly comfortable, and the lighting needs work.Having said all of that, I am still very enthusiastic about Feast.  Excellent food, good ambiance and a good value.
<review# 2023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2009,2/19/2009,274,156,10,10,12>More people falling down than your average Houston Sports Bar!Okay, besides the no drinking (booze) and rolling rule, Dairy Ashford Roller Rink is an excellent old school skating rink located between Westheimer and Briarforest.  It's just as gaudy and rough around the edges as you might remember the rink of your hey-day being.  Jill N's review had it right, but as a dad with three roller girls I had to say how much fun it is (even for the tag-a-long parent).  I may have heard Sabbath's Crazy Train twice in two hours, but who cares when you're cruisin with the kids.  Special event nights must be great people watching events.  I got a taste of that one evening when I saw two guys with dance shoes with low profile WOODEN wheels doing incredible moves and dodging kids (and me).  This is definitely a family oriented rink.  The whole place witnessed a rather terrible event where a teenaged boy purposely knocked down and kicked his elementary school cousin.  The staff and owner took charge of the situation, and respective parents and the police were called.  This is the extreme exception to the fun environment this rink has, and I think that the facility handled it promptly and correctly.While I'm definitely going to check out Fun Plex on Beechnut, I'm still hitting the DARR for good wholesome (and reasonably priced) fun.
<review# 2024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2009,2/18/2009,6,15,6,8,8>This is the best place to do a "Lady Liquid Lunch" (as my closest gal pals call it).  Last summer, we could be frequently seen here enjoying the fabulous margaritas and dishing the latest gossip, drama, or scandal Friday for lunch.  Even though economic hard times have forced us to enjoy our occasional lunches at more pocket friendly joints, I still try and make a trip here once a month or so.First and foremost, the margaritas will knock you off your 4 inch heels.  Quick.  They are so delicious and unsuspecting, but will sneak up on you very quickly.  So drink in moderation when lunching here...or as we do, make sure you have the rest of the day off!The food is like hugs wrapped in kisses and then sprinkled with rainbows and smiles!  Seriously.  My personal favs:  Lobster Enchiladas; Cevechi; Crab Nachos; Salmon Salad; and, last but not least, the Seared Tuna Salad.  I have to admit, I don't stray from things on this menu b/c they are so yummy, but every time I have, I've been able to add it to my ever growing list of favs.The service is outstanding.  My friends have a usual waiter and he always makes sure we are well taken care of.  As I've been reading lately through other reviews of places, customer service is on a decline.  Not true here!The only gripe I have is the parking situation.  Its in a tiny strip center that has a hard time accommodating the huge crowds Cyclone's draws in...especially on nice days.  I try to avoid the mess by valet parking, but even then sometimes I see them parking my car in front of other cars and continue to have to move it every so often to let people out.  Makes me feel bad for the valet attendants and then I end up giving them way too much.If you're on a budget, this place isn't for you, unless you're looking for a place to splurge on.  However, If you go with a friend you can share and it becomes very affordable...and fun!
<review# 2025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2009,2/17/2009,8,18,5,7,8>Ok, let me take a minute to defend my 4 star rating while a majority of people rank this place 3 stars...SUNDAY HAPPY HOUR!  Everything is half price!!! Hello!   Of all the crappy places to get Sushi in Houston (especially since that article in the Chronicle about mercury levels in the fish at Sushi places around town, K*bo's and J*pon got a terrible rating), Zake is mucho above average.  Is the decor pretentious?  Yes.  But the wait staff is nice, and I know of no other place that two people can stuff themselves with sushi, the biggest bowl of edemame I've ever seen, beer and hot tea for under $35 including a big tip!  Extra info: I don't like sitting in the front at the window, like I'm an animal for people driving down W. Alabama to view while eating in their native habitat, so we go to the back of the restaurant and sit at the sushi bar.  It's an advantage b/c you can chat with the chef and see what's fresh and great for the day.  Not to mention the darker, more intimate ambiance on the rear side of the restaurant serves for a close, quiet meal late on a Sunday night (open til 10pm).Sunday's just around the corner, maybe I'll see you there.-K
<review# 2026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2008,2/16/2009,122,80,6,10,12>I have had so many great times at this restaurant I can't help but give it 5 stars.  The food is great, service is great, and the wine list is one of the best in the city (and the most reasonably priced ).  It's a great date place, great for large groups and is even great for business dinners.  I've experienced all of these here and never with a problem.  On nice evenings the patio is one of the few great places in Houston to dine al fresca and on Sundays they do a great paella for two. (that's a lot of GREATS!)On one particular night my date and I were seated next to this huge table of people with an ungodly number of wines sitting on their table.  They were having the best time so I asked my waiter who they were.  It turned out they were a big group of wine distributors and winery owners who were in Houston for some restaurant thing and they were drinking all their favorite wines.  The waiter got to taste a bunch of them too so he was super psyched.  We watched in envy as we looked at our menus and ordered our dinner.  I chose a wine I never had before and the waiter goes "oh that wine is amazing and the owner of that winery is sitting right there." It was a bottle of Merry Edwards, a small winery in northern california known for their Pinot Noirs.  Merry Edwards, the namesake, is the owner and master wine maker and her husband Coopersmith was the one sitting across from us.  Without me knowing, my waiter told Coopersmith that we had just ordered one of his wines and to my surprise he came over to our table to open it for us.  He was kind enough to tell us all about the wine and gave me his card and told me to call him or his staff anytime if we ever wanted any of his wines as they're usually very difficult to find. (something I've done frequently since meeting him).   I write this story because this is the type of stuff that seems to happen at this restaurant all the time.  The wait staff is so accommodating and cool, they often times prompt great experiences like this.  I just love this place (as well as its sister restaurant Catalan) and think it's truly one of Houston's best restaurants.  It's not overpretentious or overpriced.  I could probably eat here every week (if I had a special somebody to go there with).
<review# 2027,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/28/2009,2/15/2009,123,317,6,11,8>I am a bit unsure of how to really rate this place. On each level I felt like they are almost there... but not quite. As for the location, it is a great high traffic shopping center that is in the middle of a lot of retail (galleria) and business (my office for example) centers. However, it is tucked away in the back corner of the shopping center. Had I not been driven there, I might not have found it. The inside is nice, clean, simple... but to be honest it almost goes too far and it seems a bit antiseptic (I mean that in the cold and impersonal way, not literally in the killing bacteria way). Also, the LCD TV's seem a bit out of place here. The seating was good, and seemed as if it had more personality than the place. If I were to be a consultant for the place (which trust me they would never agree to) I would suggest that they style the place in a midpoint between what they have now, and the look of their chairs. Now to the food, the main attraction. It was tasty. Fresh, delicious, and creative even within the confines of traditional Mediterranean. My issue is really with the price. It was a bit pricey. I understand the rent is probably not cheap, but they are pricing it as if it were a high-end Mediterranean bistro, and I don't think the feel of the place makes you think of it as such. All in all I think they are almost there. They have great food, good portions for lunch, and the staff (which I realize I didn't mention before) was very friendly. However if they make the place feel a bit less sterile and figure out cheaper lunch portions for the platters, I think they are well on their way to being a lunch staple.
<review# 2028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2009,2/14/2009,269,274,7,16,14>After much anticipation Benjy's on Washington has finally opened. This restaurant has been under construction for months. Permits and inspections already make it almost impossible to open up anything on time, but then throw in a hurricane and a few weeks to get their stuff together, then the City of Houston and finally contractors. What this equals up to is a few months behind schedule, but congratulations, I'm glad Benjy's is open. Benjy's is a stand alone restaurant, there is no strip center involved here. This allowed them to design a beautiful 2 story restaurant / lounge and terrace. Benjy's has an urban look to it. The industrial brick and exposed steel beams give this a place a cool urban vibe. As you walk up to the front door there is a patio to the right furnished with patio furniture and a wall separating it from the parking lot and Washington Ave . Once inside, of course the hostess greets you with a smile. The concept is an open kitchen. The dining room has concrete floors and high ceiling, which means it can get very loud. The entrance seems to be in the center of the restaurant and the main dining room is to the right. To the left is the kitchen, and a more intimate dining room, it could be the wine room. Anyhow if your looking for something cozy, request a table in here. There is also a table just in front of the kitchen set up with what looks like pub style table and chairs that can sit about 12-14ppl. The table is sunk into the floor and surrounded with stalagmites..or rotten swamp trees. I don't know, you be the judge.  Chefs Table anyone?The food is very good and their wine list reasonable. If you're a fan of Sparkling Wine or Champagne I found a bottle of Shramsberg Brut Rose for $49.00 on their list. The appetizers are fun. We've had the pork dumplings and the Chinese Chicken Chopped Salad. The Beef Arepas were delicious. I also tried a pizza with chicken, mascarpone cheese, and sliced granny smith apple. It was very interesting, the apples were actually a great topping. The crust was good, bubbly crispy and charred. I liked it a lot. We have also tried the sliders with the onion rings. I thought the meat was a bit dry but the onion rings were very good. If you were to ask my daughter though, she gives the sliders 2 thumbs up. She's five years old. I thought the main course my wife and I tried were interesting. I tried the Japanese Sweet potato risotto topped with a poached egg and crispy seaweed. The risotto was savory and the poached egg and seaweed actually complimented the dish very well. The seaweed added the salty to the umami. We were also intrigued by Benjy's idea for a Surf and Turf. My wife is not a red meat person and when she saw that their surf and turf consisted of a half rotisserie chicken sitting on a bed of orzo pasta and shrimp she couldn't wait for her dish to show up. The half chicken was perfect, skin seasoned and crispy, the meat juicy.  The shrimp and orzo is done risotto style. My wife loved it. As for dessert, the only one we have tried has been the bread pudding. It is so good we can't be bothered to look at anything else. The service I thought was excellent. The servers know the menu very well and are able to answer any questions you have about it on the spot. The second floor is Benjy's Lounge. Very cool decor, subtle yet trendy. The terrace over looks Washington Ave. and Candelari's.  I think the view could be better.  The couple of times I've been, they were still doing some punch out work from the construction.  I will reserve my fifth star, I want to see this restaurant when it is completely done.  Can you say Update!
<review# 2029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2009,2/13/2009,273,77,6,9,9>Went to Sammy's for the first time last night even though one of by best friends has been living in an apartment above it for the past 2 years...For shame...since this place turned out to be rocking!Got there around 10:30 and the place was already packed with people crowding around the low intimate stage on which the Spazmatics were rocking out to all those great 80s songs we love to belt out when having a good time. :)   There is no coat check, but my friend kindly asked the bartender whether they could put our coats behind the bar, and they did which was awesome! The crowd is mixed, mostly mid 20s and up and the bartender told me that    it changes on a weekly basis, how fun! People were getting pretty wasted for a Thursday night and lots of couples (hah, or strangers) really started sucking face on the dance floor, which I personally find amusing to watch... The band is amazing and they manage to get the crowd pumped up.  They really know how to put on an act and even go as far as being in costume (neck braces, helmets, short shorts, emo glasses) as my friend  mentioned it was like being in Napoleon Dynamite! The performers dance in a skit like way and it's hilarious and a crowd pleaser (my personal favorite was when the guitarist started doing the robot dance!) You can tell everyone is having a good time and everyone is singing (belting) along.There are 2 full bars, the one in the back is less crowded, and check this out the smoker's patio is in a parking lot beneath I-45!  You know like those creepy lots under freeways where hobos hang out! It's a trip, but it works fantastically, since it's a nice big area (unlike some other place *ahem* boondocks...)Anyhoo I plan on checking out other nights, especially Blues night, but I'll be definitely returning to see the Spazmatics because those guys really know how to put on a damn good show!
<review# 2030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2009,2/12/2009,81,217,5,11,9>Pink's Pizza is addictive.  I'm so happy that the new location delivers to my front door and matches the quality of the original location.The magic of Pink's is the perfect crust.  It's not too thick or thin and has a perfect snap and flavor.  I also love their unusual combinations and am determined to try them all. This will be a difficult task because I'm obsessed with the Santa Monica...the more cranberry goo, the better!  The Magnifico is also interesting and original...italian beef and hot peppers on a pizza?  Genius.Any downsides?  Yes, the price...two pizzas with tip is around $40.  I've also received pies that weren't cut.  A major bummer when your group is hungry and ready to eat...fixed easily enough, but a little annoying.
<review# 2031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2009,2/11/2009,94,117,11,10,8>No Land More Holy, No Land More Sacred.  There exists no words in English, Spanish, Vietnamese, French, Russian, Hindi, or any tongue born of mankind that can adequately describe the greatness of this carnival of alcoholic beverage delights.  To impart that this is simply the best liquor store is a statement in and of itself that does this land of liquor goodness no justice.  I know of no single liquor store in any major city that can rival the greatness of Spec's.  None.  Whether you seek a simple tawny port or an aged scotch, there is not just the selection, but the professionals on hand to walk you through the process.  Feeling like being a cheapskate?  No worries, the professionals in the wine aisle can have you boozing it up at only $5.99 a bottle for a bottle of some blend from some place you never heard of in a country that probably underwent a revolution or two.  Playing like you are the Monopoly Man?  No worries, they have a $399 bottle of scotch ready for you, Daddy Warbucks.  With experts in beer, you can even tap your inner hops and blend the right meal with the perfect ale, lager, pilsner, or other brew from any place on God's green earth.  When I state unto you that the place is the size of a Wal-Mart but only stocked with the finest cheeses, meats, olives, crackers, breads, and other goodness from around the world I mean only to state that the place is huge and you have but only to spend a day there to grasp the sheer magnitude of selection.Feeling Tom Cruise (no, not in the freaky deaky Scientology way)? - then get your bar equipment on in their bar equipment aisles and prepare to go Cocktail on your friends, replete with muddlers, shakers, stirrers, apertif glassware, and spouts.  No doubt you will be king of the hill when you jazz it up with your awesome collection of products designed to make your guests swoon with imbibed fervor.For the true alcohol aficionados amongst us - take advantage of the Will Call Service (yes, you read that right, where else but in Houston can you have Will Call Service for your liquor needs?) and make your trip to party plan oh so much easier.  It's also the only liquor store that boasts a discount key card with a store loyalty program - and don't forget - cash talks (you get a discount paying cash only) at the Spec's.  The Wine and Spirits Magazine printed by Spec's and sent to loyal customers like myself give great ideas for grilling and party-throwing!From holiday parties to bar mitzvahs to friendly get-togethers that end up with lots of making out and unapologetic sexual encounters, the night starts at Spec's and ends the next morning when you wake up next to a half uneaten wheel of smoked Brie from France and grasping a half empty bottle of Balvenie aged 20 years in one hand and grasping a snazzy Texas Aggie Class of '08 co-ed who is young, hot, and lives out of town in the other hand.  Start your fun at Spec's, Houston... you won't be disappointed.
<review# 2032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2008,2/10/2009,29,43,7,10,12>After hearing about this place on Yelp we decided to check it out and I'm glad we did! With it's cheeky ambiance and the fun menu with GREAT deals, I'm sure to be back. We ordered the $20 pitcher of mojitos to drink. They were a little Sprite-y, but for $20 a WHOLE pitcher, we weren't complaining. They have great happy hour specials- HALF OFF appetizers, and these appetizers aren't for the novice muncher. We ordered 20 buffalo wings (10 flaming hot and 10 medium- both GREAT) and Carnie Wilson's Lo-Cal Cheese Fries ("Lo-Cal"  as in Lower California, NOT low calorie) and both were huge and delicious- for under $10! The wings were in particular my boyfriend's favorite because he's a very picky buffalo wing eater (he hates it when they are made with a lot of vinegar) and he said they were WAY better than BW3's. That's a statement in my opinion! Overall we had a great experience and will definitely be back. ** The UBER cheesy videos on the wall were amazingly entertaining!
<review# 2033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2008,2/8/2009,61,52,,5,7>This restaurant is now one of my favorite Italian places in Houston.  The food was incredible, and the atmosphere was as comfortable as it gets.  I love the fact that the building is an old house converted into a cozy eating establishment, and how you can truly relax and don't feel overwhelmed with loud noise or crowds while enjoying your food.The waitstaff was impressionable.  Clearly loved their jobs and were not working there just for a paycheck.  They were extremely nice and helpful.  In fact, when they accidentally brought the check without asking us if we wanted dessert or coffee, they brought us free profiteroles and offered us free coffee or tea.  The prices were reasonable too.One of the best eating experiences I've had in a while in the city.
<review# 2034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2008,2/7/2009,112,141,9,10,9>Went here for a Rehearsal Dinner, a really really nice rehearsal dinner.  There was at least 600 people in their large Ball room.  I had never been to the Country Club, but had always heard stories of its elegance and opulence.  They were all true.  It was like being taken back in time to what some of the olden times of Houston used to be like.  The ballroom over looks the well groomed golf course and even at night it is beautiful.  The meal was also well prepared.  When catering for this many people it can be tricky, but the Clubs chefs totally pull it off.  The Bride and Groom specifically requested baskets of their famous fried chicken be put on each table as well as the main course.  I had also heard stories of this legendary fried chicken and I must say it was some of the best.  I couldnt imagine the epicness of what it took to put on such a grand party, but the River Oaks Country Club did it perfectly.
<review# 2035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2008,2/6/2009,119,124,9,16,14>I heart New York City pizza. The debate between New York City and Chicago pizza as far as which is better, will forever be that, a debate. I've never been to Chicago so I can't really chime in on that one. But since I've had New York City pizza first, I'll always be biased. There's just something about New York pizza that goes way beyond the water they use. Is it because it's handmade as opposed to processed? For that, I just can't eat Domino's or Pizza Hut. Save your money and get Red Baron or something from the grocery store. I don't go to New York often. So I'm always searching for something similar to authentic, hole-in-the-wall, New York pizza. Brother's Pizza comes pretty damn close. Why? Because the 4 brothers who opened this chain of pizzerias came to Houston from New York City. You can buy it by the slice or get a whole pizza. A large cheese pizza is $12 and the price of the pie depends on what toppings you prefer. $1 extra for standard toppings like mushrooms and olives. $2 for "special" toppings like artichoke or feta. I always get a medium sized pizza. It's perfect for 2 people (enough left over for cold pizza the next day for breakfast). They have a lot on their menu and I haven't tried any of it. I'd love to but I don't particularly like spending 5 hours at the gym. I have however gotten the greek salad. YUM. This location is in a really weird spot. I would never have known it existed if it wasn't for getting lost in the Super Target parking lot trying to get onto I-45 north. I hate the exit near the Best Buy. Why do people feel the need to go 90 mph on the frontage road? And where are the cops in this area to give these crazy people a ticket? OH YEAH... they're waiting for me to go just 5 miles over the speed limit on the loop near the Galleria. Ugh. Okay... my rant is over. Any who... Brother's Pizza is in the tiny shopping strip at the corner of I-45 and Cypresswood Dr. It's very clean and spacious inside. All the employees are super nice. You would think that they don't deliver because they're not a huge corporate chain. They DO! CleanlinessNice EmployeesGood Food AffordableDelivery available =5 stars
<review# 2036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2008,2/5/2009,28,90,5,9,8>I have a real history with Tokyo Bowl. In its previous incarnation a few blocks away, it was Tokyo Bowl who broke my 7-year-old self of pizza/burgertarianism and introduced me to real, delicious world adventure food.It was Tokyo Bowl where I once arranged a secret rendezvous with a high school flame! And wrote a poem about it!And now, it is Tokyo Bowl that I miss and return to as much as I can (often with friends!) because everything is just too wonderful. The green tea is good. The miso soup is great. The salad dressing is to die for. I used to buy it in little styrofoam containers and take it to school with me. And the sushi, my God, the sushi is a beautiful thing. And the tempura, and katsu, and nabeyaki udon (which has cured me of colds several times.)And I love the owners! They're so nice and they know my whole family! (Of course, I think we've been there about 100 times since I was a kid.) In all those 100 times, I've always left satisfied and deliciousfied.I LOVE YOU TOKYO BOWL!
<review# 2037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2008,2/4/2009,231,235,7,10,6>After reading all the reviews, I had to check this place out. The storefront is very cute and simple. As soon as I walked in I was reminded of the upscale stores in NY and SF that showcase a simple pleasure such as cupcakes, cookies or what not in such an elegant and classy way. I was immediately drawn to all the cupcakes just staring each one down trying to figure out which would be the next victim to my appetite (especially after tailgating it at the Texan game)! Since there were too many to choose from, I decided to get 6 cupcakes for now. Yes I said it...I ordered 6, but hey it's not all for me and if it were, I wasn't planning on eating it all in one sitting! I ordered the classic red velvet, chocolate pb, nutella, dark chocolate, candy bar and the holiday egg nog. The only one I've eaten so far is the red velvet cupcake. It was moist and satisfied my cupcake craving. I was surprised at how fast I finished that thing. My only complaints was that the frosting may have been a bit of an overload and the color was a bit off. When I think of red velvet, I think of the brightly colored cake that just catches your attention as soon as you cut into it. Despite those facts, I would easily devour another cupcake if you put it in front of me no questions asked.
<review# 2038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2008,2/3/2009,229,569,8,11,9>This is a somewhat vanishing breed of used book store. A large part of their disappearance can be attributed to Half-Price Books I think. There is something charming, however, about the homemade, unfinished bookshelves that house books awaiting discovery in such a store. This particular store even has the token owner (I'm going to assume he's the owner) at the register that giggles to himself while reading. A ploy in my opinion! He makes you covet that laughter, and so the search begins. The cool thing about a bookstore like this is that the bulk of reading material always seems to be vintage paperbacks. What's so interesting about that? Some of the tackiest book sleeve designs you'll ever see! Hardcore 60's and 70's designs. Colors from the spectrum--long forgotten are on these shelves. Mixed into the aesthetic chaos of the shelves are always some gems. Check them out. Kaboom is conveniently located next to a corner store and a coffee shop (Antidote Coffee). Lottery, coffee and a book could be the order of your day. Exciting!
<review# 2039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2008,2/2/2009,26,32,3,8,6>The goal was to take my son to a place that was memorable, had good food and was something completely different than he would get at home in Utah. Blue Nile was the choice and it delivered. This was my first time eating Ethiopian. It took a few moments to get used to the injera which is a different texture than anything I have eaten before. We ordered a plate of the vegetarian combination and the tibs. The vegetarian selection was the absolute winner. Everything but just a little bit of collard greens was completely devoured. Impressing a teenager isn't easy but he really liked this place. My girlfriend who has eaten Ethiopian enough to have an educated opinion gave it a thumbs up. We'll definitely be back!
<review# 2040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2008,2/1/2009,101,122,,8,6>Yet another awesome find on Yelp. I just moved to Houston, had about 5-inch long roots (yes, it was a desperate situation), and wanted to get my hair done somewhere that wasn't too snobby, and not too trendy. Vertigo was perfect! James looked at my hair, laughed, and said, "Ok... we'll start with some color." lol I described everything that I wanted to him, and not only did I get everything, but I got it all BETTER. He chose the perfect color for me, and it wasn't too flat or mousy looking, but not too dark OR light, either. My cut is EXACTLY what I wanted, and he made it look better than I'd even hoped it would look. The atmosphere is really laid-back, the other customers were really chill. I definitely recommend this place to aanyyyyone. Also, in the end, I only paid $130 for all-over color (with hella grey coverage) on nearly waist-length hair, a pretty hawt cut, and to have it styled afterwards. Niiiiice :D Also, serious recommendation, find somewhere to park in the surrounding neighborhood streets. The stripmall has a few little parking spaces, but they look like they're pretty gnarly to get out of.
<review# 2041,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/26/2008,1/31/2009,143,279,12,7,9>Christmas, Christmas time is here...Time for hope, and time for beer...I can hardly stand the wait...2 dos equis and don't be late.. My buddy and I decided to spread our holiday cheer Christmas night by doing the Rice Village Morningside Bar Hop. After my first encounter with Bronx bar, I was a little leary of trying to get in again. This time around, was dressed for the occasion. Granted I was the only guy in a sweater on an unusually warm night, I still was dressed ok. I bring this up because the bouncer/door guy/douche bag will NOT let you in if you're not fitting the part. Honestly. I thought it was a race thing, in my previous review, but I see now after last night, it's just his complete power trip. Look bro, you're working the velvet rope to a hole in the wall rice village bar, not standing guard at the gates of heaven... Sheesh...Anyway, I made it past the door douche, err, I mean door dude and I was in.. I don't know what I was expecting, but I didn't find it at first..There are seats along the left side of the club, and a bar to the right. The drink prices were moderate, a touch pricey, but the place is extremely bottlette friendly should you be a do it yourself bartender as I am lol. Then, as my bud and I were standing there, and I rambled off drunken nonesense as I'm known to do, it happened... Hip Hop came on.. I don't know what song or artist, but all of a sudden EVERYONE hit the dance floor, and booties were shakin (and movin all around) and the place was jumpin... It was interesting. Is this what all the rice village kids want? A good safe place to listen to their hip hop lol? Crazy kids and their rap music...The highlight of my night was my bartender. I don't know her name, but she was cute, friendly, and cute. 3 things I admire most in a bartender. Oh and my drinks were strong and tall for no extra charge. Overall, this place is a place that I could get with if I'm drunk.. Sober? Not so much. There are a lot of attractive females in their though and that's always a plus. **P.S. Dudes.. STOP FLIPPING YOUR EFFING COLLAR UP.. Yea, there was actually flipped up collars on Polo Shirts at Bronx Bar last night.. You won't let me in with sneakers on, but you'll let in a flipped up collar like it's 1985? C'mon get real... Phew... glad I got that off my chest.***
<review# 2042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2008,1/30/2009,133,132,4,10,10>I don't know, maybe it was part nostalgia, part hunger.  It reminded me a bit of the burger joint of my childhood -- Charlie's Hamburgers.  Except it didn't look anything like it.  It just felt like it.  Walking into this place felt like walking into a time portal.  There's a larger than you expect dining area and you can also order to-go.  I went at 11:30am and the smoke wasn't too thick yet so I decided to stay and eat.The patty was disappointingly thin, but the bun was AMAZING.  Extra toasty at the edges and soft and fresh elsewhere.  My cheese was completely melted like a grilled cheese sandwich.  Fresh, coarsely chopped onions burst in my mouth as I took my first bite -- good for belly, bad for breath.  I thought it had pretty good "broiler" flavor.  Not overwhelming though.  I really liked this burger.  Enough to drag the husband back sometime for him to try it.Oh, really friendly service too!But its burger patty definitely is too thin and leaves something to be desired.  Christian's is still king...
<review# 2043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2008,1/29/2009,393,766,3,17,13>For our staff lunch, we decided to come to Las Alamedas.  My boss and co-worker raved about how good it was, so I was excited to check it out.  Plus, it got the thumbs up from Dolph and I trust his opinions on food.The first thing I have to say is that the decor is wonderful.  It is quaint, well thought out, romantic, and just gorgeous.  They definitely took the time to give it special touches with nice latticework with decorative foliage to give a nice.The individual salsa portions was a nice touch.  It was deliciously prepared and nice and warm.  And they were prompt with the refills when I inhaled my first batch.  Even though everyone swore by the fajitas, I decided to check out the ceviche.  I don't know why I do this to myself since I tend to only like Peruvian ceviche, but I'm a glutton for punishment.  Not that it was bad.  But it was. . .different.  I've never, ever seen anyone put olives into a ceviche.  I will say that I usually hate when they put avocados in the mix, but this was actually a nice combo.  The shrimp was a bit rubbery, but that's just what happens when you put it in ceviche.  It just isn't the best protein to use.  Luckily, they also had crab meat and fish thrown in as well, so it ended up fine.Even though we split three desserts, I was stuffed from the three tons of chips and salsa I ate, so I didn't try any of them.  If I were to judge by the speed that all three disappeared, I'm guessing that it was pretty fabulous.I'd love to come back in the evening for a romantic date with the hubby.  It is not so romantic that it isn't appropriate for a business lunch, but I definitely think that it could work for any kind of special occasion.  Yum!
<review# 2044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2009,1/28/2009,36,46,7,13,10>This is my first review as a yelper, so bear with me. Let me start off by saying that this place is very well hidden. Its located somewhat caddy-corner to 24 hour fitness off Fairmont if that helps at all. As you walk into the restaurant the first thing that will catch your eye is a plethora of sweet treats surrounding the front counter. My Lord...its a beautiful thing. Scones, muffins, pies, and cakes of all kind plague this counter, and I use the word plague for a reason. A plague is a disaster and it truly is a disaster that you cannot eat all of the sweets at once. However, I digress... The menu is well priced (as in cheap) and consists of what most bistros usually consist of. Deli sandwiches, extremely large salads (they have 10 homemade dressings--very nice), flavored teas, French style entrees...etc. I ordered the Turkey Bacon Panini on Sourdough which comes with a side of French style potato salad (No mustard). I was expecting a decent sized sandwich, but this thing was enormous! The Turkey breast was about an inch thick, covered in Basil Mayo...very good combo! For dessert you can take your pick of the bunch, but I suggest the Coca Cola Cake. Very delicious and I strongly recommend it. The only thing negative about this bistro/cafe is that they have zero fountain drinks. If you want a soft drink you have to drink from a can, however the Apricot Tea is justifiably a decent replacement. All in all this place reminds me of a little bistro in The French Quarter, without the Jazz. C'mon down to Pasadena and try this little hidden gem out. It is certainly worth the trip!
<review# 2045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2009,1/26/2009,62,146,10,8,8>Dear Hot Chocolate,GET IN MAH BELLLAAAAAAY!For serious, the hot chocolate here is amazing.  It's sold in two sizes: a 4oz. "shot" and the standard 12 oz. size.  Closet Fatty (moi) got the 12oz., my fiance got the 4oz., and we shared a brownie.  I would say the highlight was the hot chocolate!  You can get it with whipped cream or marshmallows (or both!).    I would say stick with the 4oz, because I couldn't even get through half of my 12oz hot chocolate.  The brownie was also excellent, but I'm the kind of person who can only take one sweet at a time, so I couldn't fully appreciate the warm gooeyness.  This place serves coffee with unlimited refills, so I might hit that up next time and try one of the other delicious looking cakes/pastries.  The servers were sweet, even though my fiance and I took FOREVER to order.  We were just so awestruck with the amount of chocolate in front of us!I can't wait to go in the summer to try the ice cream.  The frozen hot chocolate also sounds intriguing...
<review# 2046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2008,1/25/2009,89,231,39,17,19>I have a theory about the average male and his hair follicles. It's a zero-sum game that is being played. Beginning in his late twenties or early thirties as he begins to bald, the hairs on his head are NOT disappearing. Not at all! They are merely migrating to other places that you wish they wouldn't (e.g., your ears, nostrils and back). By the time he reaches my age, these wayward hairs can begin to demand a significant amount of his grooming time. This is where Cleopatra's Secret can play a helpful role. I looked at my back in the mirror the other day and vowed to return it to its silken smooth beach glory days from two decades ago (does this sound like a mid-life crisis?).Cleopatra's Secret had recently moved into my neighborhood from its previous location at Bunker Hill and the Katy Freeway (the old location falling victim to MetroNational's redevelopment plans around Memorial City Mall). I decided to give them a shot, called and made an appointment.Being a hair removal virgin, I was somewhat apprehensive about exactly what sort of pain I'd undergo and had vivid nightmares that approximated that memorable scene from The 40-Year-Old Virgin. Anticipating a dimly lit medieval torture chamber, I crafted this Limerick the morning of my appointment while lying in bed, dreading what I had put on my calendar:I asked her to sugar my backAnd cringed at the hair-tear attack.   It seems diabolical   That each friggin' follicleWas rampaged from shoulders to crack.Surprise! Surprise! My hairy back was deflowered in a most pleasant fashion. My appointment was with Ati, the owner. She is a delightfully vivacious woman who babied me through the whole experience. I put on my game face and exuded as much charm as I could muster when we met in the lobby. She looked me over and said, "So, baby...you're my next victim?" I couldn't help smiling.She took me to a private room where I doffed my shirt and lay down on what seemed to be a massage bed. We kept up a lively conversation as she spread a hot sugary mixture onto my back, applied a cloth to it and efficiently ripped away large swathes of hair. I admit - I winced, but it really wasn't bad at all. In between, she had a soft touch which was quite soothing. At one point I was actually getting drowsy as I lay there. The whole experience lasted about 45 minutes.The results - WOW! Talk about smooth. The last few days, I've marveled as I've rubbed my back in the shower. In an intimate moment, my lovely wife was quite appreciative too. In retrospect, I should have done this years ago! Ati informed me that I should come back in two months and that the next round will be much easier. I thought, "Super," because the first round wasn't bad to start with.All this being said, I have a new-found respect for you ladies (and guys) who submit to hair removal in the nether regions. Ati swears that your back is more sensitive than your privates, but I'm not buying it. I might just wince when a strip of hair gets ripped from its roots over my shoulder blade, but if a similar thing had occurred between my thighs, I suspect I would have emitted a bit more than a wail or whine. Guys are wimps in that way...
<review# 2047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2009,1/24/2009,53,44,6,11,8>I saw the review of the Shepherd location and found out they had one right near me, so I decided to try it out--am now munching happily as I write this!MyFitFoods describes itself as a healthy meal company dedicated to fresh healthy and tasty food.  I am not a health food junkie by ANY means, but I do love food, and the stunning reviews made me curious.  This morning, I drove there before work.It is very easily to find, located right on the corner of Memorial & Kirkwood facing the street (behind the Shell station if you're coming from BW8).  Walking in gives you the odd sensation that you're walking into a kitchen, with full floor to ceiling fridges on your left, registers subtly placed in middle, and people cooking, walking, and working in a Top Chef style set up on the right, preparing fresh food.  As I walked in, a girl bent down to fold tacos and a guy walked by her with a tray of steaming fresh fish from the oven.  It just smelled and looked GOOD.The guy at the register (Albert) came out to the floor and introduced himself and the basic ideas.  He walked me through all the sizes available, the ability to order specific things (order by 9 p.m. and get them after 5 p.m. the next day--or delivered for a small charge), the nutrition and preparation instructions on the tupperware (recycled labels on containers that you can wash & bring back for recycling)--all in all, VERY helpful.  As he was talking and showing me things, I was like "can I get that" or "can I have that" and he kept track while explaining!I love how everything is covered: snacks, breakfast, lunch, dinner, drinks, candy...this is great for someone who wants prepared meals, someone trying to eat more healthy without work, or someone who just didn't want McDonald's but wanted a good lunch for the same price (seriously, the tacos I just ate right now were 7 bucks, and I am saving part of the container for tomorrow 'cause I'm full!).So yes, I like healthy, and yes, I like delicious but I would pick delicious over healthy in a heartbeat.  At MyFitFoods, I didn't have to, and I ate cheaper than I normally would getting fast food (plus, I am full, not famished).I got Fage yogurt, 3 tacos, 1 chocolate peanut butter snack bar, a container of strawberry cranberry patties, and a Fiji water for $18.  Yes, it's $18, but take out the Fage yogurt, which was an impulse buy (I usually get it at Whole Foods but FitFoods was closer) for $2.50 and the Fiji water for $1.75 and that is $13.75 for two meals and a snack!  I had half the patties for brunch, half the Oatmega chocolate bar for a snack, and 2 tacos for lunch, and I am totally full!Ranking of food: - Strawberry Cranberry Patties: I was so impressed with how fresh the fruit tasted in the baked pancakey patties.  I say pancakey because they looked like wedge cut pancakes with more of a cake like texture & taste--SO GOOD - Tacos: WOW...i mean like seriously WOW. - Oatmega bar: this is a wellness bar, not candy bar, but I liked the balance of peanut butter to dark chocolate, and thought the texture was nicely chewy. - Fage is a yogurt that I already buy and like for its great texture & mixins...good greek yogurt. - Fiji water is just the best water ever, lol.I think I may  be motivated to eat & stay healthy, just because it's so darn delicious for cheaper!
<review# 2048,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/12/2008,1/23/2009,15,38,3,3,3>Seriously, whether or not you think this place is good seems to depend on whether or not you are asian.  I (being asian) think the food at this place is rather mediocre, but hey, for $5.50, it's decent.  I agree with the first reviewer that if you get there at the wrong time, you will get some nasty dumplings.  They will be lukewarm and the wrapping will be tough and rubbery.  But, if you get fresh dumplings, they're actually pretty good.  But I just feel like I should be getting more than the Forrest Gump treatment there ("you never know what you're going to get").    I also kind of wish they had a portion that was in between 5 and 10 dumplings, maybe like 8--5 leaves me hungry but 10 leaves me bursting at the seams.  I'm not sure if they sell chicken dumplings anymore, but, man, those were nasty.  Even the vegetable ones are "eh."  Trust me, pork is the only way to go, but oddly sometimes the pork seems undercooked.  I'm not sure why that is since I'm sure they've got this down to a robotic science by now.  Also, be wary of the "fresh" fruit though--I got some super skanky watermelon once that I still haven't forgiven them for.  The line to this place is usually ridiculously long, but it moves really quickly (unless someone pays by credit card, which slows the whole line down, ugh!--would it kill you to carry $5.50?).  Fortunately, they moved into some new digs so that the line doesnt wrap into the Park Shops courtyard.  Personally, I recommend getting there around 1:15 when the line has died down but they're still making fresh dumplings for the lunch-time stragglers.
<review# 2049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2008,1/22/2009,419,749,4,12,11>Domy, why haven't we been friends until now?!  I can't believe I've never stopped in here until yesterday.  This fun and funky independent bookstore, which shares a patio with its neighbor Brasil, has local art on the walls and a diverse array of books on both shelves and tables.  The book selection here is mostly counterculture nonfiction of all varieties, which means I'll be in here more often than is good for me--while I was there, I encountered books about street art, fundamentalism, unusual tattoos, vinyl records, Mexican lettering...the list goes on.  If you feel lost, the super-friendly staff is more than happy to answer any questions you might have about the books, art or toys.I snapped up a documentary film about street artists and a little Gary Baseman figurine, both Christmas presents for my sister (sssh!)  But I have a feeling the next time I head over to Domy I'll be getting a little prezzie for myself.  Everything here is just too fascinating not to dig in.
<review# 2050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2008,1/21/2009,219,206,13,15,16>Tony's makes me feel content, gluttonous and is always a good meal. And you always pay the price, (or at least someone does). Went here with a friend for a business meeting and this was only my second time to dine here. The dining room is very nice, but it falls short of exquisite. The staff is very attentive, there has to be at least 5 of them waiting on you at all times. I'm not even joking on that one. The meal, we had the Zucchini Blossom and Crab meat Tower for starters. Both very good, and meant to serve one person. Tiny little things they were. For the main course I had the Braised Elysian Fields Farm Lamb Shank with aged balsamic, cerignola olives, and wild mushrooms. My friend had the Stuffed Truffled Filet of Beef, stuffed with black truffle butter. For sides we had green beans, sauteed mushrooms, and truffled mac and cheese.Everything was wonderful!I couldn't help but notice some of the apps on the menu were $120, that's a little steep no? Better be putting Jesus juice in that stuff or something...
<review# 2051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2008,1/20/2009,18,28,8,11,13>I've been known to travel for pizza.  Most recently to NYC in the direction of  historically significant pizza via the infamous Grimaldi's in Brooklyn (legendary and highly rated) and Little Italy's Lombardi's (where the first pizza in America is said to have been served).  I was rewarded for my efforts and sat in sublime, albeit glutinous fulfillment after devouring more than my share from each, as neither offered slices, only whole pies (but of course!).  I truly crave the bonafide goodness of really great pizza. I must admit, my cravings are typically not satisfied in Houston.I've tried many pizzas in and around Houston and some aren't all that bad (though I don't care for Star Pizza at all).  I rather enjoyed the original Candelari's on Bissonnet but have found the Washington location lacking in both consistency and quality.  I've also been under-whelmed by the service.  The last time I ordered for delivery, my pizza arrived completely black on the bottom and thus inedible.  I emailed via their website to let them know and never heard a word from them and thus, I decided not to give them any more of my money.  It felt like a break-up.  I had been so happy about their Washington location when it first came into existence. I do love the authentic-NY slices from Homeslice Pizza in Austin.  Love it so much I've come very close to just driving there on a given night when the longing is especially strong.  These beautiful hand-tossed pies are perfection in the execution of crust as well as toppings (especially the cheese, which is a fine mix of cheese, of a lovely quality and the perfect amount). Scrumptious.  Also, Homeslice is just a groovy place all-around by means of a great vibe and great service. I've remained hopeful for good pizza in Houston.    I was intrigued (but suspicious) by the "Pink's Pizza" sign I noticed atop their space in a small strip center at Heights Blvd. and 14th Street last Summer.  I shared my discovery with my boyfriend (also a great lover of good pizza) and he wasn't sold.  "How could that place by any good?" he asked dismissively.  A few days later, a friend asked if we'd tried Pink's Pizza and the boyfriend thought I set it up as a joke.  Our pal went on and on about their fresh ingredients and how good it was.  I knew I had a good vibe on the place - couldn't wait to try it and we did, the very next day.Pink's is definitely nothing fancy on the inside but I kind of like that.  It is urban and minimalist in feel, with only a couple of tables and a bar where you can sit and eat and/or watch them make the delectable pies and other specialties.  There is a flat-screen TV in the corner and you can definitely "eat-in" but it's not a table-service kind of place.  Fine by me since I'd rather take it home anyway.  They deliver but I usually want it quickly once I decide to indulge and so we have achieved "frequent flyer" status at Pink's, currently trying to eat there about once a week.Ken, (the owner) named the joint after his grandfather (nicknamed "Pink").  Ken worked for the grandfather in his restaurant as a child up in the northeast.  Ken has a total clue about what makes for quality food and service and he now knows us by name.  He has even named our pizza - "Mike's Pizza" - made with sausage, pepperoni and fresh basil.  The tomato sauce is made fresh - and it tastes fresh - quite yummy.  Not too sweet or thick; the perfect light texture along with their splendid crust.  You can bend it and eat it like a New-Yorker if you want but it still has bit of crunch and the right chew.  The sausage, sprinkled generously on the pie is "crumbled/chunky style" which I prefer to the sausage sliced like pepperoni.  It is lean and full of fennel seed - really nice flavor.  You can build your own pie or try their many specialty combinations.  I've been known to get the "Classic" if I'm dining sans boyfriend (the boyfriend needs meat).  The Classic includes feta, pecorino Romano, fresh mozzarella, roma tomatoes, garlic, sundried tomato and fresh basil.  It is simply divine.They also have a number of great "Specialty Sandwiches" that come on a fabulous fresh hoagie roll, including Meatball, Sausage &amp; Peppers and the Grinder - made Jersey-style with salami, ham, provolone, lettuce, tomatoes and a nice oil and vinegar dressing.  Hey - every now and then we have to order something besides pizza and we're always plenty happy with these.I'm so happy I don't have to drive to Austin tonight for great pizza now that we have it just a few blocks away from my home.  Who cares if I have to hit the gym twice as often these days ... Pink's is way worth it.  Thrilled for them to open another location on W. Gray soon ... go Pink's!
<review# 2052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2008,1/19/2009,256,89,8,12,11>I was surprised with this nicely tucked away, yet within the Galleria restaurant. I loved the look of the place in general. The white-cloth covered tables, the dark almost black wooden floor at the entrance, and the bar area in case you just want to drop by for a drink or two rather than dine in. Once I walked into the main dining area I fell in love with the array of cascading pink cherry blossoms dangling from the center of the ceiling...it gave the whole room a romantic touch.I must say that the menu is on the pricey side, but since it's in the Galleria area, I guess it's expected. Their entrees range from Thai dishes such as spicy tom-yum soup, sesame chicken, beef satay, pad Thai, Massaman lamb curry,Panang beef, and pho. The crab stuffed dumplings were excellent; they were served with a side of three sauces ranging from sweet to very spicy. I didn't see many options as far as dumplings, which I thought was a bit odd being that the restaurant name has "dumpling bar" in its name. I ordered one of their noodle dishes with shrimp and scallops as my main dish. The waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu and even suggested a wine to pair with our food, and it turned out to be a great choice. When the food arrived at our table the waiter placed the napkins on our laps, and made sure to re-fill our wine glasses. We both enjoyed the food, but I felt that for the price we could have gotten the same elsewhere, however I was very content with the service, the manager even stopped by  to check on us halfway through our meal. The food portions were generous, as we both had leftovers to go. When we asked for the to-go boxes the waiter offered to box up the food for us.I wouldn't mind coming back here again...overall I think their service won me over.
<review# 2053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2009,1/18/2009,6,9,3,10,8>In contrast to other metropolitan centers, e.g., New York, Houston is not widely renowned for its community gardens. Situated within the Montrose area, however, just outside the El Pueblito Place patio, you will find Mandell Park, an idyllic, urban patch of green, home to the beautifully maintained Meredith Gardens. Mandell Park was originally ceded over to a group of neighborhood gardeners after the City of Houston changed its plans for the construction of the Montrose Library.Run by a team of dedicated and enthusiastic volunteers, and funded by donations (Friends of Mandell Park), everything about this place says organic and locally grown, from the gorgeous, seasonal herbs and greens, to the sustainable mulching practices--the compost heap is where many local residents unload their lawn waste and table scraps. A project of Urban Harvest, the garden itself is also features butterflies and hummingbirds flitting amongst their favorite varietals. In the surrounding park, human visitors can enjoy a concert by Rice student composers, play frisbee with canine friends, or simply bask in the sun whilst watching the world go by.Mandell Park is a bucolic gem amidst the smoggy swamp we call Houston.
<review# 2054,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/7/2009,1/17/2009,49,81,8,9,9>Does "blah" count as a review?  They've definitely changed ownership and it shows-not in a good way.  Service was great.......I never wanted for more iced tea, and dirty plates were cleared immediately.  The restaurant was clean and pleasant, even the restrooms, which had plenty of seat covers, soap, and paper towels.  But the food?  Not as good as it used to be.I started with warm food.  My favorite, shrimp tempura, some tempura veggies, spicy calamari, sauteed green beans, a couple of dumplings.  The green beans were great, but the tempura was not crispy at all and tasted as if it had been sitting out for quite some time.  The dumplings were okay, and while the calamari was indeed, nice and spicy, it was also ever-so-slightly rubbery.  I was most disappointed in the tempura-I used to loooove the tempura here and this tempura actually made me sad, because it was sad.  Sad and soggy and nowhere near its former glory.I moved on to the sushi, and this is where things got much, much better.  The tempura rolls were excellent, every bit as crispy as the shrimp tempura should've been.  The grilled salmon roll had an intense flavor I really liked, as did the spicy tuna roll.  The California roll was good and solid, but I've yet to meet a California roll I didn't like.  I tried a couple of other rolls that were pleasing but not memorable.  I didn't have space for dessert, but my daughter did and there were no complaints there.At the end of the meal, all I could think was "we paid $36 plus tip for this?  Really?"  I'd probably go back and just stick with the sushi, because the warm food was just depressing.  Really, Todai, there comes a point where you have to throw some food away because it's been sitting there too damn long, and then replace it with something fresh.  I now understand why it wasn't so crowded at lunchtime; if the food matched the service, there wouldn't have been an empty seat in the house.
<review# 2055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2009,1/16/2009,27,121,16,13,12>I kinda like this place and I definitely qualify as a douche bag that will be going to be coming here more.  Cheer up, emo kids.  The back patio is really good except the smoking is a little out of control.  If its so bad that you can't keep it out of your face outside then you know its bad.  But with that being said, I had a great time with a fun group out there even if the tamale guy tried to poison me.  A big pet peeve of mine is excessive useless bar noise, and the level here is conducive to talking but with enough energy to keep the vibe.The bar area is set up nicely, I wouldn't mind spending some more time inside next time.  Its not a big open area where people stand around and get bombarded by shit music while the woohoo girls jabber in each others ears.  Its a narrow space where you can talk to the people around you, with no air of pretentiousness which is what I love for running into the odd and interesting stranger.I was expecting a rockabilly crowd but it looked more like a Dungeons and Dragons I.T. crew, artsy and vintage people, and some people who got tired of antique shopping on Westheimer.   But I think that is a good quality for a bar to have.  If I went to a bar with nothing but people who looked just like me I would 1* and leave immediately.
<review# 2056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2008,1/15/2009,164,65,9,6,6>Twas the night before Christmas and daddy realizedhe forgot the pteradactyl that was his son's heart's desireSo daddy grabbed the iPhone and yelped with great careand found Fundamentally Toys and its dinosaurs thereSo without leaving MontroseAnd without fighting crowdsDaddy scored the pteradactyland snuck back to the houseThis is a great toy shop... unusual selection, people that answer questions and actually care about you as a customer. Really cool toys from all over the world and all have an educational value... huge selection, small store, in the Montrose.... I just wish I found out about them 3 years ago.... they have been around for 13 years and have a very loyal following.... write more reviews...
<review# 2057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2009,1/14/2009,160,643,10,13,9>I dragged my parents to Bayou Bend the day after Christmas. The directions on the website were wrong causing some great family bonding - note the element of sarcasm. When we finally found Bayou Bend we had to walk across a narrow suspension bridge crossing a creek to get to the house and grounds. My mother did not appreciate me humming Raiders of the Lost Ark at the top of my lungs. Mostly she was terrified of the bridge shaking back and forth as we walked on it. Yes, it is scary. Go look at the picture I took of it.We got up to the guard booth and the lady tells us we have to wait until 5 pm for the house to re open for the Christmas tour. We waited and then the next set of ladies tell me I had to lock up my purse. WHAT?? I've been in house museums all over the country and have never been told to lock up my purse before. Then the lock ups were falling apart and most of them did not have working locks. Annoying.We toured the gardens before it got dark. I imagine in March that Bayou Bend is magnificent. They have an impressive selection of camellias  and they are on the American Camellia Society tour or something like that.  Some of the shrubs had fancy splices on them so some creative person is making camellia hybrids. The house was ok. Yes it was just ok. I am jaded though.. growing up on the East Coast I've seen many houses that put Bayou Bend to shame. I can appreciate that Ms. Ima Hogg was one of the first people to bring antique American art to Houston. The house however was not set up that great. It was fanciful stories of old Americana. For example, Room number 1 had a set up for an old Massachusetts Christmas party. I completely did not understand how on earth Massachusetts had anything to do with a house in Houston. By Room 3 of confusion, I finally asked my mom.. What is this??? She said apparently Ms. Hogg collected old American art and this is how they opted to showcase it in the rooms.  Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... but if nobody had told me that I woulda thought it was kinda silly. Fortunately my mother in her wisdom had it figured out. Sometimes she's smarter than me.Upon exit we were accosted by two large gingerbread people. Funny stuff. I enjoyed that episode the most of the entire tour. My dad asked them if they were afraid of small children munching on them and they both went into dramatic horror at his suggestion.
<review# 2058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2008,1/13/2009,7,45,5,9,9>A strip club that turned into a dive bar?  That explains so much.  Every time I sit in the rolley chairs, I wonder if they are from the original days of the Deuce.  And since it was a strip club, they weren't concerned about putting windows in or having anything nicer than wood paneling.  The newer back section, where the pool tables and dart boards are located, doesn't quite make you feel like an underage kid drinking in your friend's basement like the older area does.The red bull and vodkas are strong.  The teas are stronger.  Make sure you have a DD if you come here and plan to drink more than one.
<review# 2059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2008,1/12/2009,44,128,23,29,13>Gerri Curtis deserves a medal. Or a tickertape parade, or the key to the city. If you live in Houston and have curly hair, a visit to Gerri at Blue Mambo is an absolute must -- she is a bonafide curl guru. I hadn't had a haircut in over six months, and my hair looked like Sideshow Bob cross-bred with a brillo pad when I walked in there. Gerri wasn't phased -- she spent an hour alone cutting my hair, while it was dry, which is crucial for those of us with springy curls. Gerri also spent time explaining to me how to dry my hair and apply product properly to avoid build-up, and hooked me up with some excellent products (DevaCurl) and literature. I'm a whole new woman. Aside from her obvious talent, one of Gerri's greatest attributes is that she is an excellent listener. Curly haired girls always have horror stories or dreadfully pathetic follicle-centric histories -- for me, it was watching all of my friends French braid each other's hair at elementary school slumber parties because no one wanted to touch my crazy white girl fro, as well as memories of my ill-inspired early 2000 "Felicity" chop (I should have known better, the bitch picked Ben over Noel, so her judgment was obviously impaired). Gerri has heard them all, and she's totally committed to helping you learn to care and embrace your curls. She also told me that she throws CurlGirl parties, where she demonstrates styles and products for her clients.The haircut cost $65, which I think is an absolute steal for someone of Gerri's talent. The salon itself is quite lovely -- very clean, and the staff is super friendly. It's needless to say, as I'm a complete convert now, but I will definitely be back.
<review# 2060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2008,1/11/2009,26,96,8,11,15>If you haven't made it to the Orange Show yet, then shame on you! Well, perhaps not shame, but your Houston experience has been sorely lacking. In a city that is becoming rapidly gentrified and taken over by ugly condo complex after complex, the Orange Show is one of those rare spaces that has somehow managed to survive through the gracious patronage of Houston's arts community. I bet you've eaten an orange many times and never really gave a thought to the amazingness of this fruit; however, native Houstonian, Jeff McKissack sure did. The Orange show is his fantastic monument to this fantastic fruit. It is entirely of his own creation, fabricated out of found metal parts and painted all myriad of gorgeous, euphoria inducing colors. In fact, I can remember a lesser known song from several years ago with the lyric, "peeling an orange and I am feeling optimistic..." McKissack's structure could inspire that emotion in even the most hardhearted of people. I have never forgotten the first time I visited the Orange Show in highschool. Even now, just driving down the freeway and passing Munger street I think to myself, "Yup, that's where the Orange Show is," and I feel instantly happier. There is perhaps no adequate way to describe the Orange Show in words. Nothing will prepare you for its unique vision and also its weirder moments--old stuffed animals narrating the story of the orange in mosaic as you walk through a hallway and onto the next portion of the outdoor wonder. Maybe you won't become as passionate about the orange as Jeff McKissack, but simply paying a visit to this place is bound to inspire something inside you. Nowadays, the Orange Show also oversees Houston's Art Car Parade and other events central to the life of this city. You can also catch bands like Quintron and XiuXiu there periodically as well as films and other art-related shows. Just find a reason to go--you won't regret it!
<review# 2061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2008,1/10/2009,20,49,7,7,7>Trying new burger joints is something I always look forward to, and SmashBurger didn't disappoint.  Arrived here around 11 with my girlfriend and there was one guy that beat us there.She had the classic burger and I had the Spicy Baja with an egg.  There's just something satisfying about being able to get an egg on your burger.  Anyways, the burgers were greasy but that just makes anything more enjoyable imo.  The guacamole and egg made a big mess for me, but it was an enjoyable and satisfying mess if anything.  To add onto the mess, the trays didn't help at all and there were bread crumbs all over the place when I was done eating.The service was very friendly, probably because it's the grand opening, and we kept getting questioned as to how the food tasted and how we found the place.  I told one lady that I saw this on yelp and had to try it out.  I've been to Denver quite a few times for work but have never heard about this chain up until recently, which is why I had to come here today.There are more locations opening up throughout Houston next year, and more specifically, one in Sugar Land which works out great for me.  Although this isn't the best burger I've had, this is one of the best fast food burgers that I've had.  A satisfying meal to me is one that makes me want to pass out right away, so now is a good time for me to end my review and take a nap.
<review# 2062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2008,1/9/2009,40,161,4,11,9>Best Persian Food in Houston ! I have tried pretty much everything here. Their Doogh (Yougurt Drink) is to die for. The Kabobs here aren't dry unlike most restaurants . I always order Baghali Polo as a side with my meat. Baghali Polo is rice with lima beans and dill. It smells amazing and goes well with any meat dish. Just smash some grilled tomatoes that comes with it and mix with the rice itself that's how you are suppose to eat it. Everything is good here .. However ! Avoid their dish called fesenjan its chicken cubes cooked in pomegranate and ground walnuts. It has a thick gravy texture with chicken in it and doesn't taste pleasing at all. Even though this place is always packed (which says a lot about it ) their service is always fast and great.
<review# 2063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2008,1/8/2009,251,713,9,15,17>The Bloody Mary is probably the best invention of all time.  Okay, maybe not, but if you've ever been hungover and nothing else is working, you're best bet is "a bit of the hair of the dog."  And Bloody Marys are the St Bernards of that category.  (Picture a St Bernard with a small barrel of whiskey attached to his/her collar, bounding up to an injured cartoon skier.)  They provide: sustenance in the form of tomato juice, vodka, salad (usually just celery, but still healthy), and enough spice to help you sweat out the rest of your hangover.  Darkhorse Tavern is amazing.  They know when this tasty little beverage is most needed (Sunday, late afternoon), make them for you from scratch, then sell them to you at $3 a pop.  I was here recently for a UYE on a Sunday, and got to experience this neighborhood-like bar.  I wouldn't call it a dive, nor a hole in the wall; the huge antique buffet and punched-tin ceiling are too regal for that.  I got the feeling that they have regulars.  There were a few people camped out at the bar.  Also, we kind of crashed their Holiday party.  Potluck, and people kept bringing presents.  They were really friendly and asked us to help ourselves to the food.For those of you that like darts, they have two boards in the back.  They also have a "jukebox," but it really is just a box of heartbreak.  It's digital.
<review# 2064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2008,1/7/2009,5,25,3,6,4>Everyone goes to Lupe's for the beef fajitas.  I grew up in Houston and love Tex-Mex.  There are no better beef fajitas in town.  The tortillas are by far the best.  I love the flavor of the beef.  Their queso is one of the better ones I have had also.  It is a little runny, but it is good.  Maybe a bit bland.  I hated the salsa the first time I went there.  It has grown on me and is one of my favorites now.  The only thing I don't like about Lupe's is there are so many kids there.  Depending on where you are seated it can be no big deal though.  For people with kids it is great.  Every friend that I know when they come back to Houston from out of town wants to go Lupe's.Ninfa's on navigation is probably my second choice, but it is a pain to get to.  It is not as good either.  El Tiempo is just a different flavor.  It is good, but just not my thing.I also have never had any problems with service.  I have been to Lupe's many times and even with a party of 20.  Service has always been very good.  It is a crowded place to eat too.
<review# 2065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2008,1/6/2009,7,43,6,6,4>For lunch, it is a great place!  The price has gone up a bit though.  I frequent this place often for lunch.  #11 is my favourite... Mongolian Beef that is...  I also like Jedeite tea (Jasmine flower tea).  Staff are nice and friendly too.  In Houston, you will find me here having lunch almost every day... hahaha....Try "Desert Sampler" if you like sweets... That is absolutely my favourite desert (dessert?)Good wine selection, I noticed.  A bit different selection from that of BeefEater in Hollywood, FL. but good/different selections at Jedi.  ---- oh, I can't pronounce Jedeite... so I call it Jedi as JEDI from SW.  Enjoy lunch at JEDI~~~!!! if you are in Houston.
<review# 2066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2008,1/5/2009,115,362,4,11,9>With wood-panelled walls and old baseball cards shellacked to the tables, the Texas Hamburger Palace has a surprising amount of character for a burger joint hidden in a business strip-center left over from the slapdash architectural frenzy of 1970's Houston. But as is often the case, an unassuming exterior conceals the scrumtrulescence within. Burgers naturally dominate the menu - and the cooks grill up some of the best in Houston - but the Palace also boasts such eclectic choices on the ever-changing chalkboard as chicken strips and German sausage, or chicken sandwiches, turkey and buffalo burgers for those after a leaner cuisine. Located near the bustling Westchase business district, it can take a little longer during the lunch-hour rush, but the cooks get your order ready quickly, and when you bite through that juicy burger on a toasted bun piled high with fixin's, you'll agree that it's well worth the wait. And with a big screen TV and a couple of arcade games, it's not even a bad place to while away some time on a rainy afternoon. But regardless, bring your appetite. The sizeable burgers will leave you smiling contentedly - especially if you're a tad hungover. In which case, I recommend the bacon cheeseburger with grilled onions.
<review# 2067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2008,1/4/2009,5,21,3,5,6>Here goes my first review...This place is a very unassuming and it took me long enough to venture over here even though I live really close.  Yelp helped me find my way. None of the pre-set crepes on the menu caught my eye, so I made my own. I had a spinach, egg, ham and crepe and a berry smoothie. I have not tried the sweeter crepes just a matter of preference but the savory ones are very tasty. The crepe size that they give you is just the right amount and surprisingly filled me up. The smoothie was standard but still good. After living in Barcelona, the best crepe I have ever had is from a place called Crepes and Cocktails right next to the Picasso Museum...If you are ever in the Catalan region...GO! Coco's is the best crepe I have found in Houston. If the weather is good its a great place to sit outside and people watch. Its open almost all the time and a crepe can be consumed for breakfast, lunch, or dinner which is a plus. The coffee shop is clean and they make your crepe fast right in front of you if you care to stand and watch...Never really had a problem with a wait but i can see where it can get backed up. Get some crepe's...you will not be disappointed.
<review# 2068,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/17/2008,1/3/2009,22,28,5,9,10>I'm torn on what to write about this place. On the one hand, the abundance of all-ages shows makes me feel old. Nothing gives you a swift kick to the ego like realizing that you're outnumbered by kids who are "cooler" at 14 that you ever have been or will be. Plus, all the underage kids gets annoying for other, less self-centered reasons (the dramatic mini-fights that break out, the endless text messaging and camera-phoning). There's also the ongoing joke that the floor is going to cave in any minute, although it's not really something I worry about (even when I'm upstairs and the floor is audibly creaking).On the other hand, I this place was a haven when I was 14, and I've seen some really awesome shows here. It's a little slice of Houston's musical history, and I would feel something close to disloyalty if I didn't stick up for this place. I was actually there last night, for the Aggrolites/Los Skarnales show, and if I may proffer a bit of constructive criticism: for the love of god please fix the air conditioning downstairs.Other than that, it's really not bad. It's a venue that looks like a house, and oftentimes those are the best kinds of venues. It has a nice balcony on the second floor, decently clean bathrooms (kinda), and a full bar that will help you drink away any concerns you may have about the underaged clientele.
<review# 2069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2008,1/2/2009,143,27,11,12,14>Right, so I'm a new "yelper," right... and I've been to Downing Street, probably about 3 nights a week for the past 4 months. But, I gotta tell ya! It was a pretty cool place the other night. (And, actually, I'll tell you right now, this is more of my way of saying thanks to the Yelp crowd than an actual review of the establishment... but still, I'll touch on how the Downing Street staff really had it together.)So I was invited as "multiple +1" or whatever you call it, by a friend -- Cory O, that's her -- to this "unofficial event" thing at one of my haunts, right. Now, I go there, like I said, pretty often. And, I've seen those gals serving, they get in it pretty thick when it gets crowded. And on this particular night, it was a pretty more than decent crowd at this dark, smokey, classy place that makes you feel like you're in some crazy eccentric old oil man's rumpus room in his crazy eccentric mansion -- only without the pool table -- but with a walk-in humidor!I mean, I'm talking about leather sofas and chairs arranged around coffee tables to make you feel like you're in your own private living room, intimate booths with dimmer switches to accommodate your mood (use your imagination, and think about who you might go there with), a sort of sports bar feel at the back, and some casual tables for just entertaining and relaxing. All I just described, they're all positioned around the central walk-in humidor I was telling you about, so that whatever mood you may be in will not interfere with whatever mood someone else may be in.But, you know what? If you can't find the mood-seating you want, and have to sit in another section... well, it's set up in such a way that it will make you change your mood to suit where you're sitting. AND! There's really cool patio seating too!... Okay, but I have to say, and this is one of the sorta negatives: It's in a freakin' strip-mall!!! Kind of a turn off when you drive up for the first time, right? But, trust me, once you're through the doors, it's cool.Okay, so now every bar has it's off nights, every server/bartender/manager gets in a mood sometimes... and well, sometimes the whole universe isn't gelling. And, I've been there on these types of nights. But not the other night. They were packed, really. And, especially around the bar area, where all these "yelpers" happened to be situated. I got there a bit late.And, after I got an initial, half introduction to everyone (everyone was already kinda in their own chats, and catching up with old acquaintances at the time), I kind of at first just hovered around the perimeter for a minute. So, I'm standing there, when one of the servers, Melissa, walks up to me and asks me, if the group is with me? I say, "Well, not really, it's more like I'm kinda here with them, sorta."So, she starts telling me how busy it's been all night, how she and the other server, Brandi, have had to give up all hope of keeping their tables exclusive from each other.. but, how, of all the groups in the bar that night, these guys and gals were the coolest in the bar. I mean, she did say they'd get impatient at times. But, then, if you've ever met me, when I want a drink, I want a freakin' drink when I want it, y'know!Aaaanyway, so what happened next was this: all of a sudden, these people, whom I had never met before, mind you, start easing me into their conversations. And, you know what? I really appreciate that kinda character. I met this fella, Emerson, who I got is about a month older than I am in Yelp-years. He takes me in and introduces me around, and tells me how he got in to yelping. And, I had a great conversation with a guy, Anthony (which everyone was calling him, but I apparently was let into the "cool friends" circle, 'cause he told me to call him Tony!). And, that was just to name a couple people I chatted with. All were real good people, I tell ya what. And welcoming, you know? But here's the kicker...So, at one point, they're like, "Hey everyone, let's take a group picture!" And so, of course, I hang back at the table, while everyone gathers up against a back wall. And, you know what happened? These charmers, a couple of them actually look at me and stop, and say, "hey You [they couldn't remember my name, obviously], get over here in the picture!".... Now, let me tell you something. That's pretty damn cool! Pretty damn cool!But it gets better... So, apparently, I wasn't the only sorta-first-timer there. There was this chick, Gretchen, there too. Now, she had already been yelping a bit beforehand, but I got the feeling this was her first initiation into this crazy crowd, too. And, what's more, at least I was there with a friend. Aaaand! At least I was kinda on my own home turf, y'know -- 'cause I know this bar pretty well, remember... (which, yes, before you start saying, "Jeez, dude! This is supposed to be a business review site, not a people review site!" I'm getting back to that -- hold y'er horses!!).
<review# 2070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2008,1/1/2009,120,129,10,11,9>Yo, this place rocks for a number of reasons:1.  The restaurant is shaped like a boat!!!!!!Yes, this is what piqued my curiosity.  The restaurant is shaped like a yacht.  Every time I've passed by it, it's PACKED with people with a line out of the door.  Finally, last night we took the plunge.  It was still packed, but we just couldn't wait any longer.  2.  The seafood is FRESH and DELISH.We got a "half-dozen" (more like 7) oysters.  I am not a huge fan of oysters and I thought it was AWESOME.  It was like you plucked an oyster out of the sea, chucked it right then and there, and ate it.  One of our oysters had a tiny little LIVING crab in it!!!  That's how fresh the food was...the oyster was still trying to digest things...lol!!!  I took a picture (will upload later).The seafood platter we got had 2 or 3 filets of catfish, 3 fried oysters, fries, 3 fried shrimp, hush puppies, and a stuffed crab.  We also got 3 stuffed jalapenos.  They weren't stuffed with cheese like what I was expecting, but with stuffed crab!!!  It rocked my socks off.  All this food went great with a couple of Shiners!!They also had this awesome drink where they take a whole bottle of corona and dump it in a gladd, put an oyster in it, and then spice things up with some Tabasco.  I guess that's the drink Jimmy N. is referring to below.  It looks pretty awesome but I am too much of a wuss to try it.  3.  Great selection of seafoodMost of the fare is fried, but they had a great selection of fresh seafood, including: stuffed crab, fresh oysters, fried oysters, hush puppies, gumbo (I really wanted to try but no more room...sad), fried frog legs (whoo!  I *really* wanted to try this but no room either!! :( ), whole flounder, shrimp, and probably a bunch that I'm forgetting.  I've gotta come back to try the gumbo and the frog legs!4.  LOTS of food for a low low priceNot only did we get an extra oyster here, an extra shrimp there, but it was really cheap!  I got all this great, fresh seafood for two for only ~$20!!!!!!  Think about how much you pay at a fancy seafood place... that wouldn't be enough to even feed one person!5.  Fun atmosphere and great staffThe clientle was extremely diverse and the staff were all Mexican who were happy-go-lucky and spoke lots of Spanish...luckily I didn't have to bust out my rusty Spanish skillz (they'd probably be all rolling on the floor, laughing).  They were super nice and the food came out really fast.  It is an oyster bar so you'll be sitting super close to your neighbors, but everyone was super nice and having a good time.  A couple of dudes came in, and they said something like, show me the hot stuff.  Then, the staff proceeded to get a large cracker, put an oyster on it, topped it off with the biggest mother-load of horse radish, hot sauce, Tabasco, and a dainty splash of peppers for kicks.....Oh man, you should've seen their faces.  One dude turned BRIGHT red while the other guy was pale as snow.  HILARIOUS!  We all cheered for them, lol.  6.  For all you late night eaters....this place is open til 11PM!!!After this experience, I totally understand why this place is packed...even at 10:30 there were still folks coming in.  Would I go back?  Absolute-f'ing-ly yes!!!  How many times do you get to eat great seafood for cheap on a boat on land??  So CrAzY it blows my mind!!
<review# 2071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2008,12/31/2008,40,93,5,5,7>West Alabama Ice House takes me back to my childhood. Strange? Very. It's reminiscent of the ice houses my parents and parents friend took me to when I was little. I always thought it was a product of being raised in the country, but yesterday I saw tons and tons of children. So I guess it wasn't just my mom. I would have given it 4 stars, but being puppy friendly it gets an extra. I will be back soon with my pooch. Great for people watching. Although everyone seemed friendly I felt a little intimidated walking through the crowd to find my friends. I got the feeling I was being closely observed. Huge open yard with picnic tables, cold beer, jukebox how much more Texas can you get?
<review# 2072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2008,12/30/2008,37,51,6,8,7>I'm a fan.  I'm also a Curry night regular.If you're looking for authentic UK pub-food and atmosphere, look no further (because Stag's Head's service has officially gone down the crapper).  The steak in the Yorkshire Pudding is tough- and really- the curry is rad.  It's like a big hug for your tummy...every...Wednesday...night...Amy, Rachel, Cesca...they're all rad.  We sometimes get another nice waitress but I have yet to learn her name...most of the new waitresses I couldn't stand now work behind the bar...and that's a good thing...cuz they pour a mean Stella.The owner is a nice guy and always recognizes our group and is very accommodating.  He also has this groovy black velvet sportcoat that is particularly sweet.Bathrooms are always clean and parking is a nightmare on a busy night.Whatever.  It's worth it, yo.
<review# 2073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2008,12/29/2008,305,161,8,10,9>Pretty cool to write this, my 50th review: Amazing! Incredible! Memorable! Had the luxury of being part of a nine course/ wine-paired meal prepared personally for our party by Chef Gadsby himself. Through the sheer grace and generosity of Meredith M. was I able to attend this fantastic meal. I don't believe I'm prone to hyperbole. So I can say with true sincerity, that this is one of the best meals I've had in memory. So thank you to Meredith for your invitation, Elizabeth for your generosity, and Chef Gadsby for your food and hospitality. The location has only been open a short time, but was filled-up quickly. The bar area was a small beautifully lit space, with a brightly hued and illuminated bar. Considering they had only been open a week, I was surprised by the high-quality of service. The waiters worked seamlessly w/ our sommelier, a NY native that has developed a few wine lists about town (Max's), and the Chef's presentations. Gadsby has worked all over Europe, Asia, and the States under luminaries such as Robuchon, Keller, and Colicchio. But he has cooked here since opening Noe @ the Omni. Now calling Houston home, Gadsby recently opened his vision of a restaurant that bears the name of his hometown in England.  The dinner seemed to be a tour of the finer points of these travels and experiences. An amuse bouche of risotto w/ pomegranate seeds, a sweet chili sauce, and topped w/ a dash of frisee was the opening salvo to a great culinary journey based on a complex layering of flavors. Highlights included: whipped truffled eggs w/ jalapenos, gnocchi w/ house made Italian sausage, braised short ribs in a stew, and house made foie gras topped w/ a gelee and caramel popcorn. My favorite was probably a seafood dish served in a Japanese clay teapot. You sipped the earthy mushroom and green onion broth, and then picked the delicious pieces of clam, shrimp, crab, and scallops out of the pot. The wines, ciders and champagnes selected were carefully described and solid accompaniments throughout, as were the chefs explanations and histories of the individual dishes. All in all, it was a grand evening of dynamic cuisine presented by a true master in his new home away from home. Side note: the hand driers in the bathrooms will be in my home one day.  Random, I know, but these Dyson hand blades rock!
<review# 2074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2008,12/28/2008,118,142,4,9,8>Another Ruggles restaurant! Yippee! Best of all it is Green Certified! Ruggles Green has set up shop in the former Antone's Deli in River Oaks. It pretty much looks the same on the inside. Everything on the menu is organic, all-natural, hormone-free and preservative-free. Their coffee is also organic and free-trade!Ruggles Green has a wide selection of menu items for everyone, including vegetarians. The menu includes pizzas, sandwiches, steak, grilled chicken, pastas, salads, soups, burgers and my personal favorite - dessert! I had a delicious Nuturewell Natural Beef Burger with yummy sweet potato fries. Mmmmm! And of course, I had to get dessert and was not disappointed with the Chocolate Creme Brulee Cheesecake. I seriously cannot wait to back and savor more of the menu. Another thing I love most about this new restaurant is the eco-friendliness! Everything is recycled and very conscientious to our earth's well being!
<review# 2075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2008,12/26/2008,19,14,4,5,6>For a great price, you can enjoy all sorts of creative rolls that these sushi masters have created. Their menu is endless. The Bahama Roll and Pink Lady were sooo yummy!!!! The staff is super-friendly. My girl friend and I sat at the bar and chatted away with the staff. The owner is always around, according to my friend.  I knew the sushi had to be good when I walked in and found that there was a wait to be seated. The only con is that the place is a little small, but they are to open a new location soon.
<review# 2076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2008,12/25/2008,140,9,3,7,4>I went to the El Rey on Washington and Shepherd yesterday because it's close to the crib, reasonably priced and really good!  For a "fast food" joint their menu is pretty extensive but I keep getting the same 4 things:    * Cuban Taco - beef or chicken fajita, plantains, black beans and sour cream on corn tortillas.  Two of these are usually enough to fill me up ($2.25).     * Summer Special - three shrimp tacos on corn tortillas with tomatoes, cilantro, avocado, fresh mango and a side order of black beans.  Not just for summer and doesn't weigh you down ($6.99).     * Chicken Tortilla Soup - steaming hot broth, tender chicken, buttery avocado and crispy tortilla strips.  Great combination of flavors and textures ($3.75 sm/$6.75 lg).      * Melon Agua Fresca - the joy of a cold, ripe and sweet slice of cantaloupe without the chewing and spitting ($1.50 sm/$2.25 lg). I had half of a Vietnamese sandwich an hour ago and was going to play tennis in two hours so I didn't want to eat too much so I only ordered one beef Cuban Taco at the drive through window.  One!  Of the 20+ visits I've made there I've never ordered this little.  That's ok though because this one taco is pretty hearty and held me over quite nicely.A few locations around town, I'd highly recommend it.
<review# 2077,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/9/2008,12/24/2008,66,97,1,7,5>We came here for Monday night football and to check out the place since we haven't been yet.   It was steak night, so we ordered a rib-eye, fries and corn in addition to the chips & queso.   The queso was okay, but the steak was fabulous.  We received mashed potatoes instead of fries, but they were too good to complain.  The corn was a wonderful suggestion although it didn't sound appetizing to me at first they ended up being very tasty.  We sat in the back where there were two big screens and plenty of seating.  The staff was friendly and routinely checked on us throughout the game.   The atmosphere was filled with your average, laid back sports bar crowd.  After 3 drinks, 2 beers and all of our food, the tab was only $25.  Bonus!!   I assume that they still have some work to do as it seemed unfinished, but I will definitely be back!!
<review# 2078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2008,12/23/2008,23,218,,8,6>We tried the tasting menu here a couple of days ago.  7 courses for $80, which is a not-bad deal, and tacked on a wine pairing split between the two of us.The most memorable dish was the mushroom cappuccino, which had truffle oil foam and porcini powder on top.  It was exceptionally good.  The other dishes were all good, with the desserts standing out.The service was a little uneven, with our main server doing a good job and putting in a lot of effort.  The wine pairing was OK, although I'm not a big wine person so take that with a chunk of salt.  One course was plunked down in front of us with no description by another server, but the main server was very good about answering questions.The brunch menu looked very good, and the bar is pretty.  I'll be back for the mushroom cappuccino alone.
<review# 2079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2008,12/22/2008,25,17,6,13,6>I used to be a runner, play basketball and other various impact activities.  Two bike accidents and a car wreck later, my knees have now pleaded with me to find an alternative workout. My physical therapist recommended yoga and Pilate's. Like the new kid in town at his first day of school, I enrolled in a beginner's Yoga class with Billie.  Now, she's around 70 years old and she has the flexibility and enthusiasm of an extra from Bring it On!  She has a very gentle, but direct style that enabled me to catch on pretty quickly.  A friend later convinced me to try Bikram (hot yoga) at another studio. Though my experience with Bikram was a relatively good one, YBC classes are much more diverse (beginners, Hatha, Hot etc) and the cost and attendance requirements are infinitely more friendly to my wallet and schedule.  $100.00 enables you to attend whatever 10 classes you want (mix and match) and you have 3 months in which to use it or lose it. Despite my ambivalence to try Ball Pilate's, I was sold after one class with Ernesto (instructor extraordinaire/owner).  Great workout (1 hour) and I have strengthened my knees without  the need for an ice pack or cortisone shot.  Massages available too (nope I have not had one there) and mostly early morning and early evening classes.
<review# 2080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2008,12/21/2008,19,28,2,6,5>Ah.....Marinis Empanada House. Health food be damned! Oh, the memories, the delight in things long remembered.....It's like they took the eighties, wrapped it up in dough, and deep fried it....well, sort of.I have loved this place for my entire adult life. The 1st Marinis (That I knew of) was down in the Montrose, and they supplied you with crayons and pens to draw your own graffiti on the walls. I used to go there with a girlfriend - I believe her name was Lisa - and eat their amazing empanadas, then head over to the Daiquiri Factory and swill Daiquiris made with Everclear....and then sometimes puke - but more often just go home, get dressed in my tight Calvins, Polo button down, skinny cloth tie, black snakeskin cowboy boots and black Members Only jacket  (Yech...WTF was my PROBLEM!?), and head for the Ocean Club, Confettis, or Fizz to score some legal X and chase girls/dance the night away.....Good times, baby....good times....Anywho...back to the Empanadas...When eating a Marinis Empanada, I was never able to wait until they cooled (And these puppies are HOT inside!), resulting in a blister covered roof of the mouth....but these little chunks of South American Heaven were and are worth every watered eye, inward huffing breath, and flapping hand gesture, my dear Yelping friends. I especially liked their Chuck Wagon with Cheese...tender shredded marinated beef, gooey cheese (Not too much!)  and horseradish (I think) in a red wine sauce, wrapped in a deep fried, delicious, chewy pie crust type of thing.....WOW. The dessert empanadas (Peaches with powdered sugar, etc), and even the plane old ham and cheese are great....hell, it's all good here. Eat everything. Well, over the years, they've moved - a LOT. They were on Richmond for a time after the Montrose location burned down. Then they were on Hillcroft. Then in Katy (Huh?); and now they are in the Carillon on Westheimer as well as in Katy.....and these recipes travel well, folks. I've had Empanadas at every location they've ever opened, and I'll follow them anywhere, anyhow. This is the best Empanada on earth, and anybody that disagrees can just kiss my scarred old mouth roof (Nice visual, huh...)Eat them as often as you can, because this won't franchise well, and when this family goes, so goes the true Marini empanada....unless perhaps they have a HUGE family of Empanada makers....this I am not sure of, but I will check, dang it!
<review# 2081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2008,12/20/2008,138,127,7,6,4>God forgive me for I am about to sin and speak against this fine, fine establishment.On my last visit to Dolce, I experienced a few weird things... One I overheard the waiters seemingly fighting over who was going to take our table (in Spanish, but did we look like bad tippers or something?)Onto the menu.We had the staple egg toast with black truffles. read previous entry for my review on that, but know that the mister and i fought for the last bite.What you should know. The Parsley Salad, is not really a salad, but a slice of cholesterol clogging heaven. A bed of  parsley is brought to your table and is accompanied by a small saucepan full of sizzling pancetta. The pancetta is carefully and lovingly scooped onto your parsley with a healthy dose of pancetta dressing (i.e. bacon drippins), its served with lime squeezins' and tastes like bacony, loving goodness.We had the special appetizer, the calamari straws with marinara and herbed pesto sauces. Kudos on the sauces even though i am not a fan of the pesto.We decided against my favorite Calabrese pizza in favor of trying one of the starred **new** menu items. Let me tell you my friend.... it was the most disastrous menu item on the list, I am so sorry to say....It was called the "Zucca". The description said, butternut squash and pancetta. Sounds like it could be a culinary experience that could be delicious, right?The thing came back tasting of what could only be described as pizza with "candied yams and rubbery chunks of undercooked bacon fat". It was the most vile experience my mouth has ever encountered. Luckily, I was overstuffed from all my other yummy food, but please Dolce, remove this catastrophe of an entree from your menu!And waiters, if you are going to fight over me, please be because I'm cute or something!
<review# 2082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2008,12/19/2008,90,255,4,10,13>Dare I call the Mucky Duck the best live music venue in the city?  You bet!The Duck has it all: diverse, interesting live music; generous selection of beer & wine (and my favorite, Ace pear cider...yum!), and good food to boot.  There is always some sort of fun act passing through town and playing at the Duck.  To name a few, I've seen the Asylum Street Spankers, Guy Forsyth, Ray Wylie Hubbard, and Bob Schneider here.  Every time I've felt like I've had a front row seat (sometimes I have been that lucky) because the venue is so intimate.  Plus, the people you'll meet at the Duck are great!  The seating arrangement doesn't exactly give you elbow room, but that's a good thing - you get to know the people around you.  In this age of leaving your box just to drive in a box to sit in another box, it's refreshing to be able to enjoy the company you're sitting with.
<review# 2083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2008,12/17/2008,150,374,,11,12>I never would have set foot in this place if it wasn't for the Yelp event held here last night. I am glad I got the opportunity to check it out - it's a very unique gallery with some interesting urban art pieces and a very hip feel. They have racks of what look to be limited-edition t-shirts with cool prints. Books, hats, but not overwhelming in terms of good for sale. Prices seem to be a bit high for some of the hats and things, but not for the art.I got to speak with one of the proprietors here - it's always awesome to hear stories where people chase their dreams and passions and find success (as is the case here). It may be in a very shady part of town, but it's definitely worth checking out if you find yourself nearby.
<review# 2084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2008,12/16/2008,131,188,10,47,18>When it comes to Crawfish, I have to put Seafood Shoppe's crawdaddies at the very top on my list.  In my opinion, their seasoning is the best!!!  It's a slight spice with a garlic taste to it.  Their sauce is out of this world!  Their jumbo crawfish are always the largest compared to any other restaurant in Houston.  I must admit that they are more expensive then other restaurants.  I believe the jumbo is $5.99/lb, some are like baby lobsters currently.  Yes it's steep, and can get at $7.99 or $8.99 for Jumbo during off season.  But trust me on this when I say there are no, and I mean NO dead pieces prior to boiling.  I have ventured here many many times and have yet to eat a bad crawdad.  All their crawfishes are totally fresh.  Actually they sell live crawfishes too... as well as fishes and shrimp in their adjoining mini fish market.  The sweet potato fries are wonderful as too the Hungry man's platter (Fried catfish fillets, crab fingers, and crawfish w/a side of Fried corn (mmmm) and french fries.  Another must order are the flavored lemonades (Mango, Pineapple, Cherry, etc.).  Those suckers are really really good... I always order two.  Even though almost everything here is more expensive then most of other seafood restaurants, the service sometimes non-existent, and the drive is far from my area... I will always come here when I crave for crawfish!!!  Despite all the downside, I don't care... I'll still hand it 5 stars for the tastiest and juiciest mudbugs in town.
<review# 2085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2008,12/15/2008,180,224,15,22,22>Best Indian food in Houston?  Yes!!!!!!  Best vegetarian food in Houston?  Yes!!!!!!!  Cheap?  Hell yes!!!!!Just imagine you are walking into a Mc Donald's, but in India.  The food of course is South Indian, but the ambiance and price resembles a busy Mc Donald's.You can feed five hungry graduate students on $24.  That is hot!The line can be long during peak hours, but it moves fast.  If you are looking for an orgasm in your mouth, loiter at Balaji Bhaven.If you are are on a gluten-free diet, Balaji Bhaven has lots of variety for the flour deprived.  Go for the Idly, made of rice, you dip it into a coconut chutney and your mouth says, yum!  The dosas are made out of lentils, I would go for the butter masala dosa, again you can dip this yummy treat in the coconut chutney.  All dosas come with sambar, they have the best sambar in town.  Their dahi puri is also a nice gluten-free puffy rice delight that is both spicy, sweet and tangy.   If you want to try a little bit of everything, try the thali.  With the thali you get a sweet desert usually infused with saffron, a spicy vegetable or two, sambar, and a yogurt treat.  Thali's are usually on the spicy side.If you are sensitive to spicy food, go for the butter masala dosa.If you crave spicy I would order the coconut rice, it comes with a huge complimentary red chili pepper.The chai tea is to die for.  Just make sure you get the chai tea, they often forget to serve it, that is their only flaw, I usually have to fetch it myself.
<review# 2086,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/4/2008,12/14/2008,16,101,1,9,6>This place has received a lot of press since opening.  I will say they have a wide range of beers.  Menu sticks with basics with a twist.  I must say the food was great, although the portions are "normal" size, which for Houston means they are small, but it is enough.  Some may wince at the portion sizes and the price on the menu, but with all of Monica Pope's restaurants they try to use local products.  Parking is a little cramped, but should not be a problem, you can always park on the street.  I thought the food was good, although the wait staff really were a little clueless about some of the items on the menu.  Our waiter had to keep going back to the kitchen to ask for help with our questions.
<review# 2087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2008,12/13/2008,196,278,6,12,9>Executive Summary:  If you need a costume, this is where you should go.Frankel's is a Houston treasure that should be known to all Yelpers.  It's by far the largest costume shop in town, and probably one of the largest anywhere.  They have an amazing collection of rental costumes, from the impressive to the spectacular.  They also have a wide variety of costumes and costume accessories that can be purchased.  Bring the kids, and expect to be here for a couple of hours.Frankel's has been around for decades, and in-the-know Houstonians have made it their source for the perfect costume.  If you see someone in an amazing get-up, and you wonder where they got it, it was probably Frankel's.  If you've not been, prepare to be amazed.
<review# 2088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2008,12/12/2008,64,77,4,12,10>I now have a four-walled permenant office at Caroline.  But I started as a drop in.  Taking breaks, getting out of the office to actually get some work done.  Or stopping by in the evening post-office for work, crafting, etc. Within a matter of a few months an office opened and I did all I could to get there as quick as I could and I am so SO beyond thrilled that I did. Caroline is a place where community thrives.  Where ideas become more than just talk.  You never know who you'll run into but, trust me, if they're their, you will want to know them.  Not only do I office at Caroline, I play at Caroline, throw events there, meetings and generally sing its praises any chance I get.  Whether you stop by to do a quick email check, drop in to say hi, spend a day in the coworking space, come by for an ArtStorm opening or a Craft Night or office there you will leave with a smile, a new friend and an awesome sense of inspiration & accomplishment.  Everyone is really welcoming & there's always a pot of coffee [and its more-that-a-little-strong]. Peek in the Fresh Arts office and say Hi when you stop by.
<review# 2089,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/29/2008,12/11/2008,839,439,15,10,10>My ex-husband just had a baby with his new girlfriend. So I took my kids to St. Joseph's to see their new baby brother. Is this TMI? Too Jerry Springer-ish?On the way home, I really really needed a drink and something great to eat. My kiddos idea of eating well is upsizing their Happy Meals so they were reluctant, but I can be very persuasive!! It was early and I wanted to expose them to something besides McNuggets, so we stopped ont he way back to the freeway. We quickly got a table and the waiter took our drink order. I told him that it was the kids first visit, at least so he would know what to expect, and to be patient with us. He actually inhaled quite loudly when I told him. I just stared at him long enough for him to know that I heard him, and he said "yes mam" before leaving. I ordered the sampler appetizer so they could try different things. He put it on the table and started moving Kay's napkins and plates when she was coloring. I had to stop and take the plate from him so I could set it down next to her. The kids at least tried the majority of the food, it was very good. My daughter told my son that he was being chicken so he tried it all!!I order two separate entrees for dinner, for us to split and those came out before we had finished the appetizer. He took away the appetizer plate before we had even finished!! Again, the food was very good, but I don't know what was with the service. Either he was new, or impatient with us, or just rude. Overall, the kids liked most of the food and they at least got to try something new. The total was more than I would've liked for a dinner for the 3 of us (almost $55) but I guess the experience was worth it.
<review# 2090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2008,12/10/2008,232,18,6,7,6>Oh Mai lord!Mai's is a late night Vietnamese legend. It has been around for a very long time in the same place near Midtown/Montrose. I have been going there since I was in middle school with my very cool older sister, and the decor has changed quite a bit!It used to be very basic inside but has been updated within the last 5 years. The servers are not chit-chatters at all unless you know them, and if you go long enough they will know you and exactly what you want before you even sit down. They are all so polite, fast, and attentive even when slammed. Everyone that works there is Vietnamese and related somehow probably because Mai, the original owner, works her butt off and is there every single day! The food is pretty good Vietnamese but by far from a posh experience like some Asian restaurants. They are always packed but especially around lunch (Downtown/business crowd). If you go after 1am Thursday-Saturday, expect to wait. I have waited over 1/2 an hour before after the last call, bar closing, need food from too much alcohol situations we all get into sometimes. But then again, it's so good and at that time you're going to wait at IHOP, House o' Guys (Pies), Late Night Pie, Ruchi's etc. at most late night establishments. I actually have been there when two servers that have been there forever almost got into a fist fight on the floor while serving. I found out later that they are brother and SISTER and fight all the time. It was weird, everyone got quiet, and then we all just went about our eating. But, everyone there is super nice, the food is good, and it is SO FAST!The dishes are massive and can be shared. I normally get the pork vermicelli which is cheap and more than enough. The house specialties are garlic chicken, spring rolls, friend Vietnamese egg roll, the big soup bowls, the cooked tofu, and then of course the Vietnamese coffee. The V coffee comes with a big layer of sweet condensed milk, an espresso strainer for the top, and pot of hot water that you have to keep adding to the espresso contraption on top of the glass. I normally put it over ice, which they will bring you in a separate cup glass, to dilute the massive amount of espresso you just brewed. Saying that, if you aren't used to coffee, honestly you may not sleep that night. I drink a few cups of coffee a day and it still can make me a bit jittery, but I can't not get it when I go. You know it isn't great for you, will definitely surpass your caffeine intake for days, but it's so good I just have to have it!I have gotten take out several times when I'm just craving it, but I don't recommend it just because it is so good real hot out of the kitchen.If you hear some loud bickering in Vietnamese, pay it no mind for it tends to happen. You have to pay upfront at the cashier by the door (usually Mai herself), they take all credit cards, and they will even SPLIT THE BILL! You must try it, if not just for the late night Houston experience!
<review# 2091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2008,12/8/2008,269,274,5,9,7>I liked Open City, but I think it might be having an identity crisis. Separating the lounge/bar scene upstairs and having the dining room downstairs is smart if you keep it that way. We made a reservation for six. The wife wanted to celebrate the finality of a 4 part test that she spent 5 months studying for. We tossed around several restaurants but we struggled, do we do fine dining and stuffy or do we do casual and fun. Tony's and Da Marco were thrown out there, Reef and Open City, the other end of the spectrum. It was a celebration so we decided to do fun. Having been to all but one of the options I decided to book Open City. The dining room was very loud, we had to practically scream across the table in order to hear each other. It didn't help that as the night went on the House/Club music kept getting louder as the volume of the dining room increased. Do I sound old or what? Anyhow the food and drinks were very good. I had the Texas Ruby Red Sangria, I must say that is probably one of the best Sangria's in town. Everything we had at the table was full of flavor and delicious. We started out with Hummus and the Spinach Artichoke dip. I thought the calamata olive and caper tapenade was a nice touch on the Hummus. And I really liked the cheese they used in the Spinach dip. Was it Smoked Gouda? And add caramelized onions and you get a really good appetizer. I wanted to do the ribeye, but I knew I would be done for the night if I went that route. I still had Skyrocket at the Continental Club to wrap up the night. There were a couple of people that ordered the ribeye and they thought it was outstanding. I went with a couple of orders of sliders. What fun, I decided to do the chili rub steak sliders and the crab cake sliders with chipotle tarter sauce. All excellent choices. My wife saw a Ginger Lime Roasted Chicken, her two favorite flavors on a half chicken. It was destiny. The Roasted Chicken was very good. It came with some greasy mashed potatoes and sauteed green beans. It was all delicious, the chicken was definitely worth it. We would have loved to do dessert, but our tab was brought out to us instead of a dessert menu. OK no dessert.  I know I probably didn't need it, but I still would of liked to see what was on it.I thought the food was really good and the service was OK. Overall it was a very good choice and i am glad to see it's going to open for lunch.
<review# 2092,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/29/2008,12/7/2008,42,190,9,13,10>It was the best of times, it was the worst of times. You can never guarantee what you get here. Posers, working girls, creatures from the swamp.Never had a problem getting through the door but you can put that down to getting there around 10PM. The age ranges varies massively as does the music but most people go here dressed to impress. We always had a great time on Thursday when it was Latina night but last time in on a Thursday that had all changed. We had to suffer the most eclectic sound mix I have heard in a long time, not easy on the ears. Friday & Saturday tend to be the better nights and there is a European spinner gets in there who knows his Club sound. When he gets it right you could almost think you were in a club in Berlin or Prague or even Ibiza. Sunday is African American night, loads of bling*bling and the music is bang on.The layout of the place is pretty gash and it is murder to get to the bar or the bogs. The bar area is a wedge shape so the further in you go the tighter the squeeze. Why did they put that crap seating area in there. It is a complete waste of space. We have had more good nights than bad nights but there is a secret to making this place work for you and if I told you then it wouldn't be a secret anymore, sorry. Emerson does know what I am talking about but my secret is safe with him Go see what Emerson has to say (about everything) His reviews are Cool Bananas yelp.com/user_details?us and I believe not enough people are aware of how good/funny/useful his reviews are. I'll be at the bar MR E, mine's a double OK
<review# 2093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2008,12/6/2008,308,398,12,14,13>Stopped in this Thanksgiving morning to pick up my pie for the big meal later today.  Originally, drove by yesterday at 3 PM after leaving the office early.  Found a line out the door so I kept driving.Luckily, the HOP is a 24-hour joint so I plotted to return under cover of darkness.  Just picked up the magical pumpkin pie with nary a line - of course, it is 630 AM and who rolls out of a perfectly warm bed to buy a pie?  Answer:  Fools like me.Walking into the place again, nothing seems to have changed since my first visit in 1987 (yes, over 20 years ago, so stop counting).  The fixtures are the same, the staff uniforms are the same, and the menu is the same.  I'd wager that some of the customers seen this morning were there from 20 years ago.  But, as Albert N said, it is all in an "unironic way".Pies are the final word on why this workhorse has lasted so long.  I can attest to the tastiness of the French blackbottom, Texas pecan, Key Lime, Boston cream, lemon meringue, apple, cherry, and pumpkin pies.Remember:  There are no bad pies, only bad bakers.  And, the HOP has no bad bakers.  Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
<review# 2094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2008,12/5/2008,347,105,3,13,10>I was stoked when hearing that this place was opening but leary just the same. I ordered rendang to go a couple of times and it was decent but I wasn't ready to do a full blown review based on a couple of take outs. No, it took the prodding of my brother and some friends and an actual sit down trying 5-7 dishes for me to be conviced that of this writing this is the best Malaysian restaurant in all of H-town. Why so high praises??? Well, as far as taste goes this place has malay/Singaporean down dead-on!! I love their Belachan which is fermented shrimp paste and their Ba-ku-te is a tasty offering of noodles and seafood. The roti wsa good my only complaint was the fact that some of the roti pancakes came out crispy instead of chewy which is the way I normally would have it. The gravy that accompanied the roti was excellent. The hai-nan-gi fan (which I'm pretty picky about was very good). Overall, it was a good experience. The service was spotty at times but only because the place was packed to the gills. The price is a little more pricey than other places but I think it's worth it.
<review# 2095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2008,12/4/2008,38,362,2,5,4>Certainly a worthy candidate for the best burger joint in Houston. The 1/2 pound burger is colossal. The hand-made patty is thick and rounded, and between it and all the toppings, there's no hope of fitting the sandwich into your mouth. My burger came loaded with lettuce, tomato, onion, and pickle - all nice and fresh. The bun was excellent. The burger was fresh-tasting and a bit juicy. I would have liked some flame-grilled flavor, this is your standard burger though admittedly a very good one.Many good burger places (Beck's and Southwell's come to mind) totally drop the ball when it comes to fries. Christian's was better, but my fries were underdone. The place is a dump, but so what. The value is excellent, with a giant burger, fries and a drink for under $10 including tax.I give Christian's the nod over Lankford's, Southwell's, Bellaire Broiler Burger, among others. I think in terms of burger quality Beck's still gets my top vote, with higher-quality beef and more grilled flavor. But their fries suck. My favorite burger-fry combo at the moment is Goode Company Taqueria. Great grilled flavor, and great fries.
<review# 2096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2008,12/3/2008,58,49,6,10,8>A trip to Central Market is far from your average trip to the market. A trip to central market is a trip to Foodie Paradise. Not only are you inundated with delicious--and free--samples, but you are also overcome with a celebration of quality food.Every Sunday my boyfriend and I take a trip to CM. We usually go sometime between breakfast and lunch. We ensure your tummys are empty and our pantry is full. (Prices at CM tend to me exorbitantly higher than your average Foodarama or HEB.) We start with a sampler of the soups and move on to try some olives and deli meats. We then reach our favorite section, the bakery. In the bakery you can try every bread imaginable slathered in warm butter. As you take each exciting and new turn around the store you will be inundated with nibbles of chocolates, savory olive oils, shooters of wine, freshly cooked steak or stuffing, and lastly a cornucopia of fruits and vegetables. Sundays at Central Market are vaguely similar to what I imagine Sundays in heaven to be--beautiful people and free food.Unfortunately, CM is not affordable for your average everyday grocery trip. We only buy a few special items there each week--a bottle of wine, some freshly baked bread, or perhaps a slice of chocolate mousse cake. (For example on the pricey factor: I'm from California and usually stop at a store called Trader Joes, a mix of quality foods and quality prices. I usually buy tea tree oil there, an organic antiseptic, the same bottle I pay $4 at Trader Joes is $20 at Central Market. No lies.)DESPITE the higher prices, the free food makes up for it. I love Central Market so much so that the entire bottle of wine I just drank from there prompted me to write this three paragraph homage to it. Good Night, and see you next Sunday CM!
<review# 2097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2008,12/2/2008,8,16,,5,5>Some very solid Indian. I'm new to Houston and wasn't expecting much for my first try at their Indian cuisine, but if this is par for the course, I'm perfectly happy. Just as good foodwise as most places I've been to in New York (although certainly not as authentic, for the purists out there--it's got more of a bistro feel). We had the Samosa and the Fried Mushrooms (with paneer) for appetizers and both were very well prepared; I went basic and tried the Chicken Tikka Masala as my entree, along with plenty of Garlic Naan. The chicken wasn't overcooked (a common problem in my experience with CTM) and the sauce was termendous--very rich and buttery. Only a few complaints, although I wouldn't let them keep you from trying this place, especially if you're downtown a lot. (1) The complaints others had about the "used-car salesman" waitstaff are entirely true; luckily for us we were on an expense account so it didn't matter much to us. (2) The plates are small, particularly the appetizer plates, but they're big enough for a decent lunch. (3) The food isn't particularly spicy--some in my party ordered their food hot, and they were disappointed; I like more moderate Indian, so no big deal here on that score.There's also a decent sized vegetarian menu--typical, I know, for Indian, but this one actually nearly persuaded a proud carnivore like me.
<review# 2098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2008,12/1/2008,123,317,18,7,8>Ok, so here's the thing.  I love the bus.  I love it for many reasons.  First, I hate driving in Houston.  The drivers petrify me, and I get to work more riled up than someone with OCD in a dumpster behind Taco Bell.  I also love getting to read, which I never had time for before.  Additionally, gas prices are fascist.But by far my favorite thing is the sort of rubbish that I hear whilst on the bus.  Sure there is the occasional irresponsibly loud cell-phone-talker, or the incoherent guy who babbles about what animal is stalking him... but it is the loud friends that babble and complain together about urban redevelopment and "how it used to be" that really crack me up.Two such complainers were on the bus last night, and at first their conversation was a bit boring (ya, I have to listen in if they are that loud).  But the last 30 seconds I heard before I got off the bus was pure hilarity.Dude 1: "Man, f*ck that Johnny brotha"Dude 2: "YA!... wait... why...?  I think he is alright"Dude 1: "That jerk has a girl AND a car!"Dude 2: "YA!... wait... I think those are good things..."Dude 1: "Well ya, but man, I gots me a good job, and I can't afford neither"and scene.I love you Metro Houston, I truly do.
<review# 2099,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2008,11/29/2008,13,7,7,10,6>I wasn't sure what to expect when we arrived at Blue Label Lounge for the UYE on Friday night. When my friend Suzette and I arrived I told her I prefer not to valet, I feel weird having someone I don't know driving my car, but we did the valet thing anyway. When we got to the door there was a couple of nicely dressed gentlemen who opened the door saying, "Welcome to Blue Label Lounge, come right in." (Sorry Peter C.) It took a moment for my eyes to adjust but I liked the layout of the bar. We walked around the not yet crowed bar to the patio, which I thought was nice with lots of seating. I had another group of friends meeting me there and we all went inside to join the Yelpers. Everyone in that group really enjoyed the place and are looking forward to coming back. I personally, was not too jazzed about the bathroom situation, especially when the guys forgot to close the door behind them before taking care of business. Seriously, the doors weren't that heavy! I stayed until 1ish or so and saw a whole lot of eye candy for the men and ladies. Good place to people watch too. It would have been great if there was more room to dance, but I guess the dance floor is anywhere you can shake it. I will say this about valet parking... LOVED IT!!! When I go somewhere and give the valet attendants the key to my black '96 Honda Civic in bad need of a paint job, and they try really hard to give me a silver '08 BMW... well ya gotta love that! I will definitely go back to Blue Label Lounge, I enjoyed myself.
<review# 2100,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/16/2008,11/28/2008,29,43,13,9,8>So four of us walk into Blanco's this afternoon for one reason: Thursday Pork Chops. A colleague of ours told us that it was THE best pork chop in town and we had to try it out. They love it so much they have gone every single Thursday for years. Seriously. So of course we went. It was VERY interesting. First of all the bar/restaurant on the outside is a bit "crackhouse" looking, but the inside is super cute and cozy. They have a stage in the middle of the bar with a huge dance floor. The tables are to the right and left. The bar is in the back and a juke box and shuffleboard reside on the left hand side of the bar (just to paint a picture). By first glance we were in dive bar heaven. The nice lady waitress came over and we ordered a jalapeno sausage and a SADDLE DOG (Sausage wrapped in cheese and a tortilla deep fried and then served with honey mustard- are you kidding me? Why have I never heard of this place?). Both were juicy and wonderful- the perfect bar food. Three of us ordered the pork chops (of course) and Bill ordered the chicken fried steak. We were all grins until something weird happened. This seriously odd male waiter took over and started screaming out cuss words and called my mom a bitch (jokingly, which we laughed at) and asked me if I wanted to see his small d*ck (I laughed at this in a terrified way) and then pulled out a small plastic, well, penis. WHAT?!After the shock of the wait staff we received our food. Let me just preface this by saying that the chicken fried steak looked and tasted wonderful. The gravy was flavorful and thick, and the chicken was cooked to perfection. The pork chops however, were a MESS. Disgusting, about 1/16 inch thick, frisbee- like and old. GROSS. The mashed potatoes next to it were tasteless but the canned green beans were ok. Seriously. Seriously. This place is good for the wieners (NOT the waiter's) and the chicken fried steak. At least on a Thursday afternoon. I'm about to call my colleague and give him some shit for making me eat empty calories. I luckily saved myself and went to Crave for dessert. Whew.
<review# 2101,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/2/2008,11/27/2008,122,80,20,13,11>This is perhaps the "unmanliest" place on earth.  It almost pains me as a man to write a review about a place called Sugarbaby's Cupcake Boutique but I had to get my car oil changed the other day and I had 30 minutes to kill. Staring at me from across the street was Sugarbaby's so I walked over to check it out.  The place is decorated like a wealthy 6 year old girl's dream room and I seriously think my manhood shrank when I walked in this place.  But the girls working the counter were super cute and friendly so I got a pumpkin spiced cupcake and a cup of coffee as I waited for my car.The cupcake was tasty, kinda on the small side but the frosting was incredible!  Big bonus for me is that they serve Dean&Deluca coffee!  Nice! Don't know of any other place in Houston I can find this coffee.  Seating in this place wasn't very comfortable, not that I'd hang out here for any length of time, but I think they would be better off trying to make it more enticing for people to hang out, relax and eat their cupcakes in their store.So if you're "man" enough, check this place out and leave with a giant pink box of cupcakes.  Don't worry, people won't laugh at you.... (right!)
<review# 2102,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/30/2008,11/26/2008,76,67,17,8,12>Boodocks is usually on my hit list for an inter-weekly Montrose walk of shame.  The bar looks great!  The music is usually really good upstairs with various DJ's and bands playing, if not, the jukebox has some rocking playlists.  They also constructed a patio for the smokers to commiserate.  What keeps me coming through are the cheap drinks...$1.50 PBR's!!!Aside from this... a warning...you are infiltrating hipster central.  Before going I recommend buying a few things from American apparel, catching up on obscure bands, and possibly growing a mustache. Your cover story: You're an artist, you still live with your parents, and everything sucks.  Ready, steady, go....
<review# 2103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2008,11/25/2008,94,117,11,10,11>If you hate the Black Lab or English food, you have issues.  And I cannot help you, you'll need serious therapy.  Transport yourself out of Houston and into jolly ol' England - essentially, our mother country and founder of the English Language.  Fish and chips are perfect, with the fish flaking correctly and the tartar sauce made fresh.  Bangers and mash?  Yes, please!  Delectable and delicious, along with the Ploughman's Lunch and Beef Dip platters, there is something for everyone at the Black Lab.Need a great single malt scotch?  They have you covered at the Black Lab.  Need a good pint, poured just so?  You are again covered at the Black Lab.  Want a delicious dessert, like some yummilicious bread pudding?  By all means, mate, get off your arse, spend some quid on petrol, and drive on down to the Black Lab for great food, great drink, and great desserts all in an atmosphere that lends itself to some little English restaurant off of Bond Street near Piccadilly Circus.  If you feel the need to be all sixes and sevens about this wonderful gem that is the dog's bollocks, then by all means, sod off, you wanker!  Unpretentious, fun-loving, and worth splashing out on, you will find the Black Lab a wonderful treat in the heart of the inner loop life.
<review# 2104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2008,11/24/2008,54,22,4,11,9>Total hole in the wall. I have passed it a billion times, but it wasn't until a co-worker drug us in that I discovered it's inherent charm. Ignore the AWFUL parking if you can. I can just imagine what kind of war is going on between the restaurant and it's neighbors. Ignore the outside decor, and the empty indoor seating area, and make a b-line for the patio. This is where you lose yourself and forget you are right in the middle of a city. Get a pitcher of margaritas, some good friends and some scandalous stories. It doesn't get better than that. And the $5 dollar menu?! Insane. I wonder how long that will last. We tried their combo fajita platter which is much better than any chain restaurant. It had 3 meats, including REAL huge gulf prawns. I know they were real cause my family is in the business. I also tried blackened fish, fish tacos on the cheap lunch menu which were quite decent. The queso flameado with chorizo is as authentic as it gets. Service was attentive, and were very accommodating. Give it a try next time you find yourself in the hood. If you don't find a good parking spot, head towards the neighborhood in the back, especially on heavy lunch days.
<review# 2105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2008,11/23/2008,93,143,1,9,6>I've passed by this place daily on my commute home from work and I use to drive by the one on Hwy 6 often too. Can't believe I never gave this place a chance till a couple weeks ago.They have perfected bbq brisket, chicken, pork, and sausages! Their sides are very tasty too.The baked beans are saturated in their special sauce and even have shredded meat in it.The BBQ sauce is to die for. Not too sweet and semi spicy.Enough to want to make you grab a spoon and go to town.Prices for their food are very cheap and the service is always quick and friendly.I will not be venturing to any other bbq establishment for a while.
<review# 2106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2008,11/21/2008,18,39,2,5,3>The wifey has long (Pre-Yelp - gasp!) wanted to eat here but we never have gotten around to it.  I had looked at their menu a while back and thought it a little dull and expensive.  So we stayed away due to a lack of interest on my part.Nonetheless, her birthday came around we needed a place a bit last minute and came up with Mockingbird.  Apparently, the night we picked was "Blue Hairs Eat Free Night" because we were surrounded by geriatric gentry.  I don't care and it took nothing away from my experience, it just jumped out at me and I found it humorous.Decor - dark, rustic.  Nice but not breathtaking.  The waiter was friendly but very unnatural as it seemed he had just spent about an hour in front of a mirror practicing his lines.  By lines I mean asking for drinks, describing the specials, and telling us that the menu was brand new (it had started the night before).The new menu reminded me of the menu I had seen years ago - nice but nothing jumped out as a must have.  I settled in on a seared ahi tuna with wasabi mashed potatoes, shitake mushrooms, and a ginger-soy reduction.  Basically a dish I have head countless times in many different cities.  As I said, nothing stood out so I went with a "classic" as a way to test the restaurant.  My wife also wanted the Foie Gras appetizer (served "sandwiched" between two toasted brioche rounds and served on a tangerine and berry marmalade).  I committed to two bites.  They were good bites, if not a little too dominated by the marmalade (unless taken in very small doses).The tuna was good.  Not great.  Well cooked, well presented, and...good.  I have had two or three versions that were better with the best (in South Beach Miami) being way way better.  I didn't really feel any love put into it.  Just, "this is a typical tuna dish, let's do one too!" and with no surprise variation or flavor.Overall, that describes the restaurant for me.  Good, but conservative fine dining that is a little uninspired and unoriginal.  If this was my first exposure to New American fine dining I might have been blown away.  As it was, I am underwhelmed.  I won't not go back but I don't ever see myself really wanting to go back.  Another recent $100+ meal that left me wanting/expecting more.My new scorecard:originality - 2 starsmenu - 2.5 starsflavor - 3.5quality of preparation - 4.5 starsquality of ingredients - 5 stars
<review# 2107,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/5/2008,11/20/2008,143,279,3,12,8>The Hotel Derek has fallen victim to not keeping up with the times. Let me say that this hotel used to be my absolute favorite in Houston. From it's stylish modern decor, to its location, the Derek had it all. Check in was a breeze, and the rooms were nothing like I had seen in any Houston area hotel. I was so impressed, that I told my uncle to have his wedding reception there. (450 guests, open bar for 4 hrs, and 7 rooms, $22,000). That was 2 years ago. I stayed at the Derek recently and I was taken back at how it has completely let itself go. The once chic pool, now seemed extremely tiny, as if it were just an after thought. There were NO drink specials (even during happy hour time) at the hotel bar. Speaking of that, the restaurant was completely dead, but service still took forever. Our room sink was dirty, and the furniture just looked worn. The hallway carpet was dirty, and it just felt dated. What hadn't changed however was the price. This is still a very pricey hotel, and if it's your first time staying there, you probably won't notice all of the little nuances that I noticed. But anyone that has stayed there in the past, will be taken back at just how far this place has let itself go. A major renovation and cleaning is needed, along with a good promotion to get people through the door.
<review# 2108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2008,11/19/2008,20,23,2,8,8>It's important to know coming into "the Path of Tea" that the tea cups along the walls are not all for sale! So save those wandering fingers for the one they bring you and don't forget a cupcake! Most are made with spelt, sweetened with a natural sugar substitute and agave nectar. I don't believe that makes them completely guilt free but with chocolate chai dusted with dark chocolate shavings and pumpkin crowned with four, perfect pumpkin seeds, I do not believe you should spend excess energy in deliberation.You are also invited to buy a meal at Field of Greens and bring it to the somewhat more nuzzly atmosphere of the Path of Tea.Enjoy it with a good cuppa'.p.s.There are a number of beautiful tea accoutrements that are for sale, just ask politely before you fondle.
<review# 2109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2008,11/18/2008,393,766,6,37,19>Attention all business owners!  I'd like to give you an example of how Yelp can be used to *help* your business.  Last year, I did the New Year's cruise with Star Fleet Yachts and though my experience wasn't phenomenal, I really wanted to give them a fair review.  So a few days later, I wrote up my nice little blurb (see below) with a three star rating.  Recently, the owner of the company (Tom L.) contacted me to discuss some of the points that I'd brought up in my review.  Not only was he gracious about the shortcomings that I found, but he managed to show how he took the criticism well and actually made changes as suggested.Whoa.  Mind boggling, I know.After a few messages, he laid out a few points and I'm copying them below (with his permission, of course):1.  Customers now receive an automated receipt of their purchase.  They do not need to bring it but YES they do feel better about having one.2.  Customers now see a photo of the yacht they will be cruising on next to the "purchase tickets now" sign so if they don't like one, they can pick another.  Some people like the more casual boat others want to dress formally.3.   Our Sushi comes from Ichiban Restaurant 2 blocks away and we pick it up right before the cruise so it is always fresh.4.  Due to limited refrigeration space on the yachts we are restricted in our offerings of beer and wine.  Our wine is the same as the house wine served at Pappadeux and Tommy's Patio Café.  Unfortunately you must have gotten a bottle that had gone bad.  5.  Our DJ services are provided by Sound Connections.  Obviously we did not meet your expectations and feel terrible about that.  Not only did he address many of my concerns, but he actually took the time to write me specifically (and not accusingly, I might add) to let me know of the improvements made with an invitation to give them another try.Again, mind boggling.I'd like to use Tom's great approach to customer service as a guideline for how other business owners can not abuse Yelp messaging, but rather see Yelp as a tool to better their businesses.  I know that just by a simple message, my opinion of the company has not only gone up exponentially, but I'm much more willing to give them another chance (Valentine's Day cruise, anyone?).  Such a wonderful exchange definitely garners them a whole new star from this Yelper!
<review# 2110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2008,11/17/2008,229,569,5,11,11>This ladies and gentlemen is my new favorite BBQ ever. I've never gasped at the sight of my BBQ sandwich, so imagine my surprise when I opened my container and marveling at the sight. It's a hefty sandwich. So unless you are completely starved--I'd say skip the sides. As much as I liked my side of okra. . too much, but so delicious. The smell emanating from the building is enough to make the visit worthwhile. I"d get there away from 12 and 1. It was packed with people waiting in line. Oh right, the sweet tea--really SWEET, with a hint of lemon. This place does everything right. The establishment is not much too look that, but you'll overlook that once you dig into that tasty, tender meat. I see a lot of people complaining about the sauce being too sweet. Well, there's jalapenos at the side station--but I wouldn't dare mess with the sauce. It's too perfectly juxtaposed to the meat. All in all--this is the BBQ by which I will judge all others from hereon!
<review# 2111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2008,11/16/2008,361,477,,5,4>I think the original reviewer will change her mind now that this Swirll offers mochi as a topping... omg mochi with raspberry... HEAVEN.I've had berripop and the other Swirll... I've even had Pinkberry in other cities... but I really like the concept at this location.  They have 16 self serve machines with 16 different yogurt flavors and a self serve buffet of toppings... and you pay by the ounce...  which in my opinion is a better deal than the West U location where pay by the served serving size... It is almost worth the extra drive for me to go to the River Oaks location!  Unlike the other shops, you can load up on as much yogurt or as little yogurt and mess with the proportions however you like... I personally like my yogurt with lots of toppings because I like the texture... This location gets two thumbs up from me!
<review# 2112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2008,11/14/2008,133,132,,7,6>It wasn't my first time here but it was my first time in maybe ten years.  That's not an exaggeration.  So not surprisingly, the place looked pretty different.  The neon lights were still there and it still opens late, but it's not as scary anymore with all the police presence (it used to be a sketchy place at night), they have nicer menus, and it's expanded so there's plenty of seating.I got the fried rice cake of course, which is essentially an omelet with rice flour cubes and vegetables.  It's awesome.  If you like things spicy, drizzle some Sriracha sauce (red sauce on the table) over it to give it a kick.It was rainy outside and I had a really rough weekend so a bowl of wonton noodle soup is just what I needed.  I love how you get to pick the type of noodle you want for all the noodle soup dishes.  There's egg noodle, wide egg noodle, rice noodle, vermicelli, and maybe one more but I don't remember what it is.  The husband got the beef noodle soup and was very pleased as well.I had the wide egg noodle and they were delicious!The service is slightly better than most Chinese restaurants.  The waiters have headsets (kind of like Old Navy) so that they can immediately ask the kitchen if they still have a certain dish or if they've run out of it.  The waiters are efficient and quick but they aren't there to make friends.  Don't expect patience or recommendations from the waiters.
<review# 2113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2007,11/13/2008,11,111,1,5,6>Hidden oasis for cool beats in unassuming neighborhood. Come here to listen to great Dj music on Tuesdays. Scene goes until past 2am and no annoying (although I understand why bartenders must) I'm-ripping-yr-drink-fr-yr-paws-get-out-of-my-bar last call. Peeps get their groove on (excellent dj mixing) and dance but the boite is so chill at the same time a couple play cards on the couch while others drink in corners and at the bar. A nicely diverse unpretentious crowd. What makes this place above and beyond is the crucial sound dampening panels on the ceiling. For ONCE I could enjoy the music and actually hold a conversation with more than one person. Fantastic design and hats off to the owner for recognizing that a good music scene does not require sore eardrums and shredded vocal cords.
<review# 2114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2007,11/12/2008,89,231,6,14,12>FOR STARTERS: THREE VEHEMENT AFFIRMATIVES CONCERNING THE MENIL COLLECTIONOver-Yelped? Yes!Really as good as Yelpers write? Without a doubt!Is there anything left to write about it that hasn't been written already? Absolutely!A RED THREAD RUNS THROUGH THE ECLECTIC MIXSpanning approximately 20,000 years, the collection ranges from Paleolithic bones engraved with reindeer to modern art which can simultaneously bemuse, confuse, frustrate and thrill. As one walks through the gallery, what at first seems to be unrelated begins to fuse into a seamless progression of artistic expression and influence that reaches across countless ages.The art of antiquity drew from nature and embraced myth. The Byzantine and medieval collection was inspired by allegories, both fantastic and spiritual. Tribal art was a direct influence on Surrealism which reveled in synthesizing all these influences into often playfully bizarre works that mystify as they draw you in. There is even a fun exhibit in the Menil that features artifacts and objects that influenced Surrealistic artists. To fully appreciate the progressive artistic influences, I recommend you peruse the art in chronological order.The works of art are generously spaced and provide you with an uncluttered experience. Because the light, airy environment that features whitewashed walls is not nearly large enough for the complete collection, the works in the permanent collection are rotated on and off display at regular intervals. Hence, every time you visit the museum, the experience is fresh and unlike the last time you came.The rest of my review reflects what was on display during my last visit. All of it probably won't be there when you stroll through the galleries.THE HIGHLIGHTS* Paleolithic bone etchings - mind-blowing to contemplate how old these beautiful engravings are.* Fertility idols from 5600 BC - bootylicious!* 3rd century mummy portrait of a young woman - I swore I was staring at Yelp Houston's Community Manager, Fayza E ( fayza.yelp.com ). It must have been the eyebrows.* Ancestor House Post from the Solomon Islands - I'm not sure whether the shark embrace is carnal or a mortal struggle.* Man Ray's "La Priere" (Prayer) - this beautiful photograph is intimate and vulnerable yet deliciously sacrilegious making it shockingly surreal.* Magritte's "Golconde" - this is probably the signature work in the collection. You can endlessly (yet fruitlessly) contemplate whether those men in bowler hats are rising up or raining down.THE BIGGEST EMOTIONAL IMPACTA lovely early Matisse, Brook with Aloes, had me musing about an afternoon I had spent in the Matisse Museum in Nice, France, that had featured his blue cut-outs of nudes. I must have subconsciously held this image in my mind as I strolled past works of Rauschenburg and Andy Warhol towards the back room of the 20th century exhibit. Turning the corner, I was confronted by a large canvas of almost electric blue that had reverse images in white of what appeared to be dancing nudes a la Matisse. I smiled and walked over to read the plaque indicating the artist and title. It was a work by Yves Klein entitled "Hiroshima". A chill went up my spine as I realized how wrong my initial impression had been. What the artist had captured was the instant that the deadly atomic flash had illuminated writhing bodies seen as a negative image.JUST SO-SO* The Robert Ryman Special Exhibit - this exhibit evoked the only criticism I had of the museum during my last visit. Ryman specializes in white canvases that highlight his obsession with the fasteners used to hold his works to the wall. Because they were displayed on a white background, there simply wasn't enough contrast to fully appreciate what Ryman was trying to do.* Bruce Nauman's "A Rose Has No Teeth" Special Exhibit - I found this multimedia exhibit to be visually and aurally disorienting. Much of his stuff had an adolescent appeal and reminded me of "art" I produced for grins when I was a teenager. I'm fairly convinced that Nauman was tripping pretty heavily on acid when creating this material.THE LOWLIGHTSNone!
<review# 2115,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/3/2008,11/11/2008,45,20,11,14,19>Not so long ago while nursing a hangover, I flipped through a friend's DVD collection and stumbled across his Speed Racer set.  Awesome!  I popped in a disc and to my utter dismay, watched as Speed drove through winding canyon roads in the rain.  For five minutes.  Turn left!  Turn right!  No dialogue.  Somehow, my beloved, tricked-out Mach 5 had turned into a glorified touring sedan.  Upon re-watching Voltron and Battle of the Planets... ditto.  I felt a little betrayed by my memories.I was a child of the 80's.  I remember planting myself in front of the TV for daily showings of CHiPs, Welcome Back Kotter, and Reading Rainbow.  I played with GI Joe and He-Man and collected Garbage Pail Kids cards.  I still have plenty of faded scars from getting pulled down the street on a skateboard, my hands gripping a jump rope tied to my cousin's bike.  And I remember video games in, as Dave Nelson put it, "the glory days, before the 16-bit processors."  Arcades were a different animal back then.  The Gold Mine in Sharpstown (or was it Westwood?) Mall, where I tried to squeeze into one of the four spots for Gauntlet.  Playing Spy Hunter at Circus Circus for hours while my parents took in the Vegas shows.  Good times...Vintage video games had been dancing around in my head ever since I saw The King of Kong: A Fistful of Quarters, the fantastic documentary about two radically different men chasing the Guiness Book of World Records high score for Donkey Kong.  After reading Julie P.'s Joystix review and calling the owner, I decided to drag a few cronies along and attempt to recapture those proverbial halcyon days of yore.  Joystix is primarily a classic arcade showroom, but on the first and last Friday of every month, it's open to the public from 9pm to 2am, all-you-can-play for $15.  Connected to a really cool bar (Eighty Twenty?), all dark wood and leather, you can grab a beer while you get your game on... brilliant!For the first hour, I was under a time-warp spell.  Frogger, Star Wars, Defender, Joust, Centipede, Q*bert... seeing these games transported me back to a more innocent era, back when I championed Revenge of the Nerds as the bestest movie in all the land.  And then I started playing... and playing... and playing.  Gauntlet, The Simpsons, Gyruss and many others was continuous button-mashing with no skill whatsoever.  Dragon's Lair confused the hell out of me.  Robotron bored me to tears.  Thinking of Speed Racer, I groaned, "Not again."But all was not lost.  I relished shaking pepper on evil Mr. Hot Dog and Mr. Pickle in Burgertime.  It was exciting taking control of the Light Cycles and battle tanks in Tron.  NBA Jam reminded of an early brush with fame, when I beat Scarface (of the Geto Boys) at Celebration Station.  Racing games are always a blast when competing against your buddies.  Street Fighter II still had some of that old magic left (Hadouken!).  And surprisingly, the true classics like Donkey Kong and Ms. Pac-Man retained a certain purity that couldn't be tarnished by time.  Also, Joystix is, without a doubt, a pinball lover's dream.This just might be one of those once-in-a-lifetime things for me.  My fond, brightly-pixelated childhood memories were neither vindicated nor shattered, but ended up somewhere in-between.  I suppose in this instance, there's some shred of truth to "you can never go home again."
<review# 2116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2008,11/10/2008,466,956,,8,7>Wow, this place was definitely what all the yelpers' reviews anticipated, just wonderful. The food was delicious and the atmosphere cozy and very relaxed. We had the fried calamari as an appetizer and it was so good! Not overly cooked as usually happens with calamari. My entree was the Shrimp Sorrentina, white wine and lemon sauce, angel hair pasta and oh my goodness, was it good!!! lol I absolutely loved it! My friend ordered a dish which wasn't on the menu, but they were happy to accommodate her, and she loved it!! she even wanted to order one to go! My sister and her boyfriend ordered different dishes and they were extremely satisfied as well. For dessert we had Tiramisu, Italian cream cake and some kind of fudge cake... they were all delicious. The price is higher than a regular Italian cuisine franchise, but this doesn't fit into the franchise category so it is definitely is worth it! ($70 will pay for two people) My only complain was the bread. It really didn't fit with all the great food, since that's what you get first, don't be discouraged. Definitely recommend it! :) This link is to their menu, just so you have a good idea of what you can order: patrenellas.net/main/men
<review# 2117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2008,11/9/2008,8,30,2,5,4>This is a favorite get-away spot for me and my wife.  I think there is an attraction in the obscurity of the place.  Its tucked away and most people only go after hearing about it via word of mouth.  I havent spent much time in the downstairs area, which reminds me of a little quaint bar in the Amsterdam because of the low lights and the musical ambience.  I could easily see myself eating french fries and drinking Guiness down there all night.However, when I go there, its usually a "get away" for me and my wife.  We tend to go on Sundays and during the week, because the large weekend crowds upstairs sometimes take away from the experience.  The prices are not bad at all from what I have experienced.  We usually order a few mix drinks when we go or we order a bottle of Moet White Star which remarkably doesnt have a 100% mark up like most places.  The only draw back is that sometimes its crowded and its definately for the socially liberal.  We have seen people doing "interesting" things and having even more interesting conversation; however, it doesnt bother us.
<review# 2118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2008,11/8/2008,26,32,,7,6>Went by Raia's on a Friday night for a casual dinner. What a great neighborhood restaurant! Its in a very new buliding, but it feels like its taken from an old neighborhood with its combination of market and dining choices.  I had a Ceasar salad to start, pomadore as my entree followed up with a mini cannoli and stracciatella gelato. It was delicious and very affordable. The service was attentive but not over bearing. I was fascinated looking up at a chalk board showing the menu upcoming for Monday's lunch. $6.95 for 3 items from a vast selection. You have to check out their website to see all of the options. I will definitely be working that into my schedule this upcoming week.
<review# 2119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2008,11/7/2008,18,39,2,7,8>I love Antonio's.  This restaurant is one of the few Italian places that is has good food and is kid-friendly - we've done large family dinners here with up to seven kids under the age of 5 and the service was good.  My family has been coming for as long as I can remember, so we know a lot of the waiters and hostesses.  The pizza is amazing.  All of the entrees I have ever sampled are good (although I usually order the shrimp francesce or the shrimp areganati - check my spelling).  We've gone and had to wait an hour before, although the wait is usually under twenty minutes (go a little bit before or after the dinner rush to minimize waiting time).  Order any of the appetizers and any of the desserts, they're all good.  And be warned - don't make the easy mistake of filling up on the delicious, warm, baked bread they bring your table before you've gotten your appetizers!
<review# 2120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2008,11/6/2008,62,225,5,6,6>It had been years since I visited Miyako (I remember Miyako bucks, that's how long it has been).  A friend convinced me to give them another shot.  We sat at the bar and watched the chefs work.  They were going insanely fast putting out plates and plates of $1 sushi.  One table had over 100 pieces sent over to them and at a $1 a piece, it really doesn't seem that outrageous for all that food.  We decided to share two of the happy hour half price special rolls.  The Miyako Special roll was spicy tuna with fresh salmon and avocado, the pieces were huge and the fish was fresh.  The second roll we tried was the Skydiver, a softshell crab rolled with unagi.  It was quite tasty, but I think you could put unagi sauce on just about anything and have it taste delicious.The only pieces we tried were tuna, salmon, chopped scallop and unagi, all were quite good and much larger than I remember the pieces being at Miyako.Overall, I will certainly return, especially during the hours of 5pm - 7pm.
<review# 2121,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/17/2008,11/5/2008,41,380,2,5,5>Great place for large groups, good place for children, clean, convenient, good food...  BUT I always leave here feeling sick that I ate too much, lol.They changed ownership or management I think, added Brazilian (i think) steak, and upped the price.  I preferred it at a lower price without the Brazilian steak, because if I wanted Brazilian steak, I'd go to Fogo de Chao or something and not a Japanese place.  I'd rather have the crab legs and raw oysters back.  I agree with the review that said the offerings are getting bland, especially for repeat customers.Not exactly a cozy place, but that's not why one goes to Todai.  I guess it's lost much of its luster for me, since my first Todai experience was in Hawaii many years ago, where I went BESERK.  Sigh.  The Houston location is ginormous (everything really IS bigger in Texas!) and the uber-high ceilings make it seem even huger.  I kind of feel like I'm at a theme park when I eat here, lol.  Definitely fun atmosphere and definitely not romantic.I love the tiny desserts.  I wish other Houston buffets would follow suit and make their dessert portions smaller so you don't waste and can try just a taste of a bunch of them.  The creme brulee is surprisingly good!
<review# 2122,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/28/2008,11/3/2008,419,749,7,7,7>I don't go to the Tavern for the ambience (what's that?).  I definitely don't go to hang out with the odd mix of frat daddies and post-work yuppies (though there's probably some overlap there).  No, the real reason is the roughly 1 billion TV's scattered throughout the place, and the fact that no matter what, at least 10% of them will be showing either an Astros, Rockets or Texans game, whatever your persuasion.  The man and I undertook a quest to find the perfect place to watch our hometown boys--yes, I do remind him how lucky he is that I'm a good sport about, well, sports--and we keep coming back here.  It's not downtown like the B.U.S. or Home Plate, so parking is never a bitch.  It's five minutes away for us in Montrose.  They have steak night.  On Tuesdays people sing fantastically bad karaoke.  There are $6 domestic pitchers (Shiner Hef!!!) early on Fridays.  All these are definite pros.To be generous, there's another reason why I keep coming back, and its name is the Luckie Dog.  The Luckie is a slice of heaven on a toasted bun topped with mustard and grilled onions for $2.25, and is probably responsible for 75% of the weight gain during the latter half of my college years, because who can resist the siren call of a second Dog for that price?  Free popcorn is available, which is sometimes fantastically oversalted and sometimes burnt, but I repeat: it's free popcorn.  Who's complaining?The last time we were there we didn't get charged for one of our beers, and when we pointed it out the waitress told us it was "okay, because you guys are in here all the time".  Erm, I think that's #1 on the Top Ten Signs You've Been Going to the Tavern Too Much.  Now that we've got cable and access to all those Rockets games, our Tavern-going will definitely be scaled back.
<review# 2123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2008,11/2/2008,219,206,4,6,9>Decided to finally try out Sage 400 after hearing so many positive things from fellow yelpers. I was not disappointed! They have happy hour all day on Sunday which is great, but unfortunately I didn't see any actual sushi on this happy hour list. It was all appetizers and alcohol. Still pretty good though.What we had:Sapporo $3 eachHot Sake $3 eachPeppered Tuna sushi $2.25 eachPeppered Tuna and avocado roll $7.25Edamame Hummus $5Everything was delicious, EXCEPT the edamame hummus. It was a little tiny bowl of smushed edamame and hummus served with some awful fried chips thing. Might of been better if it had been served with some kind of a pita chip or rice cracker perhaps. Certainly not fried whatever the hell that was... reminded me of pork rhines.Service was good too. Cute place on the inside. Definitely worth hitting up when in the galleria area.
<review# 2124,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/24/2008,11/1/2008,15,38,9,9,6>I've been to Buca Di Beppo three times (never of my own volition), and I really can't make heads or tails out of this place.  But here's what I've figured out so far:(1) It serves decent (not great) Italian food in a family-style setting--i.e., they bring you a big ole plate of food at its up to individuals at the table to serve themselves.  I'm indifferent to this idea, but I suppose it'd be a great way to expose which of your friends are double-dippers, contaminating the food for everyone else when they "accidentally" forget to use the serving silverware.  The salads are actually pretty good (albeit ridiculously overpriced), but the pasta is hit-or-miss.  One time I went there the penne campofiore was outstanding, but when I went back it was severely undercooked, almost to the point of being inedible.  I've also had the fettucine alfredo and found it virtually flavorless, but the plain jane spaghetti does the trick.  (2) Walking into this place you feel like you stepped into a roadside funhouse.  Seriously, I can understand the "we put random shit on the wall that screams 'No really, we really are Italian!'", but that doesnt necessarily mean I need a picture of an overweight, hairy Italian man stepping out of the ocean within eyeshot of my meal!  The same goes for babies sitting in plant pots.  Dollars to donuts says that  somewhere in this labyrinth is "Dogs Playing Poker."  But, the thing is, that's part of the kitsch of this place, and at least they are unapologetic about it.  I mean, the place has a "Pope table" that you can specifically request, which has a bust of the Pope on it (passing resemblance to John Paul II; definitely not Benedict XVI)!  (3) It's great for large groups.  There are almost always large groups of people here, especially on the weekend.  I've seen groups of 20-30 people confiscate entire rooms before, so if you're looking for a place that can hold a lot of people, this is your place.  The downside is that if you are NOT in a big group, prepare to be overwhelmed--definitely not a date place, unless your date brings 10 of her friends along as a bad date parachute.  Also, expect to wait a LONG time if you come on the weekends, unless youve made reservations (which you should do a couple days in advance unless you want to eat post-9pm).  On the upside, once I saw this girl hump a mural on the wall in front of her friends for her birthday, so, hey! there's a silver lining after all.  (4) Service is slow, especially when they are busy (which is almost every weekend).  But judging by how harried the servers look, you can't hate on that too much; it's not like they're playing dominoes in the backroom, they're actually working.  (5) Vegetarian-friendly.  Not that I'm vegetarian, but they've got more options on the menu than "grilled vegetables" and "house salad."        Overall, if you're looking for mediocre Italian food at a place that can handle large groups (or, in the alternative, is family/kid-friendly), this may very well be your place.
<review# 2125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2008,10/31/2008,44,128,11,8,7>When I accepted a job in Houston, I knew absolutely nothing about this city and as I'm sure you're aware -- Houston is HUGE, y'all. I didn't even know where to begin looking for apartments, and the no-zoning threw me a bit when I was looking at listings -- sure, an apartment looked gorgeous, but for all I knew it was sandwiched between a Taco Bell and a strip club. Although I love lap dances and chalupas as much as the next gal, I really needed someone who knew their stuff to help me out. Shannon Chapman at In The Loop Properties was phenomenal. She wasn't afraid to tell me unsavory details about neighborhoods and management companies, and she was totally committed to making sure I didn't end up in a crack den. Shannon was efficient, professional and incredibly nice -- she knew every neighborhood inside and out, and she helped me find an absolutely gorgeous apartment. I had a lot of anxieties about moving cross country and starting over on my own, but Shannon made the process as smooth and pleasant as possible. If you're coming from out of town, definitely use In the Loop!
<review# 2126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2008,10/30/2008,48,113,1,13,10>I have been waiting for this day for so long!!  As a native of New Orleans, the House of Blues has been an essential part of my live music world and how on earth Houston has gone for so long without one is beyond me.  Thank you to the Blues Bros for finally making the move! There's really no better way to be introduced to this remarkable music venue than for the Ghostland Observatory experience, other than attending the grand opening party (that I'm not cool enough to have tickets to).  It's set up very similar to the venue in NOLA....no need to include the details because the previous Yelpers covered that.  Before I get into my pointers for the HOB Houston virgins, let me just say that the Ghostland Observatory was freakin' ridiculous...the lights, music, everything...perfect! HOB Houston tricks of the trade from my perspective:- The parking lot on Dallas and Caroline across the street is $5.  Don't valet because everyone is leaving at the same time and I'm sure it just makes for a headache.- The drinks are pricey...either be prepared to pay or pregame somewhere if that's your thing.- This is not Warehouse or Meridian...HOB takes their reputation seriously and does not tolerate underage drinking or smoking of any sort.  If you want to watch the whole show, don't even try it.  They come around with flashlights and will bust you...really.-Snack food (aka good drunk food) is sold inside the concert hall.- If you're attending a show that includes dancing, don't pay for the expensive balcony seating...you'll have much more fun with the Gen Admission crew that paid $15 less than you did.-They are new and unorganized with the entry process (I'll cut them some slack... for now) but if you have Will Call don't listen to the idiot who tells you that purchases and will call are the same long line.  The WC window is the last one on the left.I hope I didn't miss anything, but I'll be back next Friday for Thievery Corp and hoping to see some improvements with the lack of bartenders and the entry issues.  Houston, welcome to the world of serious acts and incredible live music!!
<review# 2127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2008,10/29/2008,40,58,,5,5>Went here on Japanese New Year and it was packed but the staff was really attentive!  Our sushi was amazing and the sake was hot and good.  We had plum wine too.  The gyoza is obviously made fresh on the spot and is awesome.  We had the tiger eye roll, the Nayoki roll (house signature roll), a spicy tuna roll and pieces of shrimp, tuna and salmon.  The fish was really fresh.  The tuna was amazing.  Next time I want to try their tuna tekka don so I can have a big pile of raw tuna, yum!Bad points were parking, and crowded restaurant but everything else was perfect.  This is my favorite sushi in Houston and it is very affordable, not over-priced like the other more hip places.
<review# 2128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2008,10/28/2008,9,1,5,6,5>I confess, I am kind of obsessed with Mission Burrito.  Honestly, I just don't get why anyone would prefer Chipotle or Freebirds.  Mission has superior ingredients (salsa is amazing, fresh corn and cilantro are my fave's) AND they have free chips/salsa.  Yes, that's right, free.  And they are the good type of chips that aren't all see-through and break into pieces.I always take my parents here when they are in town--they love that in TX you can get a burrito the diameter of your arm.  Suggestion - great post-workout lunch on a Saturday to sit inside and enjoy a burrito in a bowl with guacamole.  OR, great spot for a hungover weekend breakfast (v tasty cornmeal pancakes, not sure if they are on the menu anymore but it is amazing).
<review# 2129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2008,10/27/2008,26,96,,4,5>Han's is probably one of the best kept secrets in Houston as well as in the Rice Village/West U area. Just off Kirby at Quenby street with an art car often parked in front, Han's seems quite innocuous at first. Make your way inside and the bar is fairly basic--the wall of beers on tap to the right, various tables and seating areas to your left. But keep walking out back to the patio, and that's where Han's ultimate charm lies. Okay, so it's basically just a patio/garden, but it is BIG. There are many benches, picnic tables, and other unique seating options out there as well as another, smaller bar. There is so much seating, in fact, that even if it happens to be crowded you can still sit with your friends and enjoy your space and conversation without feeling cramped or like having to yell. The bocce ball court also provides some pretty good entertainment when the players are drunk enough. Last time I was there they also had a large screen hung over the back patio wall and were showing an old surfer movie. Han's is also a great place to host a birthday party or any larger gathering where you need to have enough space to have a good time. The crowd is pretty much as unpretentious as it gets, too, so you'll never feel like you're not fitting in well enough with the hipsters. Just go on a nice night with good friends, have some beers (or wine and I believe they also have some sake of some kind), kick back and have a good time.
<review# 2130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2008,10/26/2008,69,6,2,8,9>Since 1993, Escalante's ambition has been to develop a reputation for "fine" tex-mex food. Their motif inspiration came from modern Mexican architects and traditional Mexican folk art from the Aztec and Mayan cultures, as well as Mexico City. They strive to be best known for their quality fresh food, superb service, and family friendly atmosphere. All four locations sit inside shopping centers in affluent real estate areas.I have frequently visited the Woodway @ Voss location for two years now (if only I got frequent flyer mile points). You can expect to get everything that they market they are. I love the great family friendly atmosphere. I have gone for lunch and dinner with friends, family, colleagues and alone. They are always busy, but I have never had to wait. I would not say this is a place for a quiet candle lit dinner, but definitely a place for a fun and happy time. The waitstaff is attentive and quick on their toes. I was there today and in the first ten minutes of walking in the door I was seated, shown a sample of the specials of the day (grilled tilapia w/ a white wine sauce for dipping, a pilaf rice, and something else, but lets go back to the yummy tilapia...the dipping sauce was awesome), served my drink, chips, salsa, and put my order in. You can not go wrong with anything on the menu. Everything is freshly made and they have fat-free refried beans...isn't that cool? You can not visit Escalante's and not get a freshly made margarita. Their margarita's are all made of quality tequila and fresh squeezed lime. They use no powder or mixes to make their margarita's.
<review# 2131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2008,10/25/2008,22,27,8,9,9>It seems that I'm not the first one to be more impressed by the bartender here than anything else.  His name is Jason.  He's cool.  Friendly, professional, and personable, he knows just how to handle the kinds of drunken confessions that only a bartender is privy to hear.But we aren't here to talk about bartenders, we're here to talk about the place itself.  And I like it.  I recommend it.  It's very non-pretentious, which is essential for making me feel at home.  Laid back, casual, easygoing.  This is the kind of place you can let down your hair and unwind.The rooms are rather split and separated though, it's an odd layout.  You've got the front room with the bar, a side room with billiards and other such games, and yet another room with a piano and a homeless man who talks too much.Is that mean?  The homeless man, though, apparently is always here, and definitely is part of the experience.  At first he is charming.  He's entertaining and he clearly loves being center stage.  But after a few minutes, you realize that his speech is not winding down anytime soon.  You start to want him to leave so that you can go back to socializing with your friends.  And he is not going to leave.All the same, though, what could possibly fill out the experience of a true dive bar, better than being serenaded by a friendly, slightly crazy indigent older fellow?
<review# 2132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2008,10/24/2008,84,58,6,8,5>The best place in Houston for an Arnold Palmer.  What the heck is an Arnold Palmer?I am actually surprised that no one had a review of this Barnaby's location as it is definitely my favorite location of all 3.  One caveat: the Shepherd location has great outdoor seating so if you're looking to sit outdoors with man's (or woman's) best friend, that's the locale of choice.The staff actually moves between these two locations regularly so it's great to see the same smiling faces wherever you go.  The main reason I like this place better is because the parking situation is so much more manageable when compared to the Shepherd location.  That may not seem like a big deal, but ask anyone who has had their car towed from the street in front of the Shepherd location and you'll quickly see how that can matter!  Take out is handled quicker at this location than the Shepherd location in my opinion.Anyways as for food:**Great**Waffle Fries and Blue Cheese Fondue, Meat Lasagna and Egg Salad Sandwich; Lebanese Chicken Fatoush (chicken salad with Middle Eastern Spices and pita chips in lieu of croutons)**Good**Chicken Tostadas; Lemonade; Cobb Salad; French Fries; Burgers**Stay Away From!**Chocolate Milk.  Yes, I am a grown man that still drinks chocolate milk and on 2 occasions the milk they gave me was over a week overdue.  If you insist on getting milk, definitely have the server check the expiration date!  Chunky milk is best left for dares and YouTube videos.  I know this may be a bit too picky, but I wish they had real avocados and not just guacamole.  If you are going to make you're guacamole on site, you will have avocados.  Why can't you serve up avocados w/o the extras that make it guac?  Maybe I'm crazy, but I love avocados always and guacamole only sometimes!Getting back to the question up top, what's an Arnold Palmer?  I always get an Arnold Palmer with my meal at Barnaby's.  It's half lemonade and half iced tea and it is just the right amount of sweet.  Makes for a refreshing drink any time of the year.  Try one and I'm sure you'll love it!
<review# 2133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2008,10/23/2008,251,713,1,15,11>If you need a turducken, look no further, this is the place to get it.  Heberts!  (It's french/creole, so pronounced 'A-bear')  That's right folks, a turkey stuffed with a duck stuffed with a chicken.  All deboned.  Laissez le bon temps rouler!  When the thing is cooked, the fat from the duck congeals the birds together, so it is relatively easy to slice.For the past several years, my family has gone here during the holiday season to get the stuffed deboned chickens.  Chicken isn't really my thing so the whole deboned thing is amazing to me.  Just have to pop it in the oven, then eat it.  My favorite is the chicken with crawfish and rice dressing.  Inexpensive for $12.  The Turducken is $60+.  I've tried their boudin (I love boudin).  Theirs is great, however if given the choice, I prefer to get mine at a mom & pop place east of Port Arthur.
<review# 2134,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/26/2008,10/22/2008,21,17,8,6,6>When ordering mixed drinks, make sure and tell the bartender to pour brand name. I've seen way too many endless puke fests after a night of Numbers' well drink specials. This happens even to the most seasoned of drinkers. There's something just not right about their bottom shelf fare. Do yourself a favor and have beer.  Your babysitters will thank you in the morning.On goth nights, make sure to keep an eye on the folks sitting on the stage. To your dismay or delight you may witness XXX-rated activities in the shadows. I've witnessed this twice. Numbers... goth sex club. Blech!
<review# 2135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2008,10/21/2008,119,124,8,15,14>Tres Leches is a sponge cake consisting of three types of milk: condensed milk, evaporated milk, and whole milk. It's pretty easy to make. Making it taste good is completely different. I've tried making it. Even tried the Emeril version. Doesn't work. Not doing it again. Enter El Bolillo Bakery. Making a good Tres Leches is truly an art form and they've perfected it. I'm not buying a Tres Leches cake from any other bakery. Ever. The history of this cake is pretty interesting, mainly because its origin is highly debated. Do you look at adding 3 types of milk to a cake? Or do you look at adding any liquid to a cake? Or do you even go further and look at adding any liquid to any baked item? I don't know. The earliest recipes of this sponge cake appeared in Mexico and Nicaragua. Nestle would like to claim that they had a hand in the modern recipe. Maybe? They had a factory in Mexico and started printing recipes on the labels of condensed milk during World War II. But too many variations of this cake in Latin America existed. Tres Leches created during the 1940's? Hmmm. No. So where did the idea of the Tres Leches come from then? The different variations of this cake being passed around Latin America brings us back to adding liquid to cake. This can be traced back to Europe. Rum cake and tiramisu. How did the Europeans get this idea? Don't know. My guess like all things: by accident. Dipping bread in soup. You had to dip bread in liquid back in the 1500's because bread became hard as a rock. So you decide. Leave it to historians to graple over the issue. Then watch the documentary on the history channel or Food Network. In the meantime, get your Trea Leches from El Bolillo. They also have variations such as chocolate tres leches. The price of this treat is $25. You can serve about 20 people with generous portion sizes. I get a Tres Leches for special celebatory occassions... the reason the cake is made in the first place.
<review# 2136,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/14/2008,10/20/2008,8,43,1,5,7>Once upon a time, many years ago, there was a fantastic local music store called Soundwaves.  It was my favorite place to buy cd's because they always had the latest releases.  They always had a good selection of imports that were a bit tricky to find anywhere else.  They had large sub-sections of goth/industrial, indie and dance/electronica.  They had a staff that was totally on top of the music scene, who was touring, who you might like (given what you were buying) and so forth.I guess the owner thought it would be better to ditch the focus on music and go into the clothing, surfing and skating retail business.  These days, I'll go to Soundwaves with a list of 4 or 5 albums I want to get.  I'm lucky if I can find 2 or 3 of them.  Is it really unrealistic to expect them to have a new album that was released on Tuesday if I am there on Thursday?  Is it too much to want them to know what album or musician I'm talking about?  Given that they once dominated the indie music scene, I don't think it's much to ask.  Alas, they don't seem to be too interested in music anymore.  For music junkies like myself, this is depressing.  Record Rack closed ages ago.  Cactus is gone, but I always favored Soundwaves over them anyway.  Without the competition, Soundwaves hasn't stepped up to the plate to fill the void.  They've just become lazier and sloppier and let their selection dwindle.There are only two people still there that seem to know anything.  The pretty lady with the really long hair is great and the cute guy with the short dark hair knows his stuff.  Other than that . . .I just really want to support local businesses.  I really want to support Soundwaves.  They just make it so hard!  Their pricing is fine.  I look online and know I can sometimes save a dollar or two if I bought through Best Buy or Amazon, but I'd rather hop down Montrose and give my business to this shop.  On the other hand, if Soundwaves is going to have to special order a cd for me which is going to take as long (if not longer) than ordering it myself AND they are going to charge a higher price than ordering it myself . . . no thanks.I envy people who live in NYC because they have an AMAZING little indie music shop called The Other Music and when I was there last, they had every single cd that I'd been wanting to pick up in town at Soundwaves (but, of course, they hadn't stocked them).  I'm ranting now, but GEEZ!  Can we get a good music store here?!?!?  And what happened to Soundwaves' Super Tuesday?  Oh well.
<review# 2137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2008,10/18/2008,5,18,7,5,6>I love this place - for many of the reasons discussed here by others - but I just have to add that it really stinks.  I mean, really.  This bar stinks.  As in the downstairs area of this bar smells like Bigfoot's d!ck!  I love Rudz for the shows, and they get some great ones like Scott Miller, Bob Log III, the Makers and Jonathan Richmond, etc., but why anyone with any self respect (or olfactory sense) would choose this place as his or her regular spot is just mystifying.  I read somewhere that the smell emanates from the rotting floor under the bar, which they can't afford to repair.  Seems like a logical explanation, right?  You know, years of leaky kegs have caused the boards to erode away.  Problem is that it doesn't smell like spilt beer in there - more like right a$$ and corpse.  My guess is that they're housing GG Allin's remains (and loaded shorts) as memorabilia.  Possibly a misstep in the vain of solidifying Rudz as the alterna-kidz Hard Rock Cafe...The burgers are some of the best in town.  Get one with a side of tots and take it outside or upstairs.
<review# 2138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2008,10/17/2008,22,15,8,4,4>So I get a call about 11:30pm on a Wednesday and it's 2 of my friends that are looking for something to do and their asking me to come out to Pearl Bar with them. Do you ever have those friends that beg you to go out with them because they need you to be the guy that actually talks in a social setting and maybe hooks them up with a few girls?? Maybe it's just a guy thing... Maybe it's just these 2 friends of mine... Anyways- I've never been to Pearl Bar,  so I met them up there. We all pulled up at the same time and I have to say parking was pretty weak- I ended up 2 streets back  right in front of a church that looked like it was on it's last leg and maybe God was the only one who worshiped there. Nevertheless, as I'm walking up to the front door I see a group of girls that I've known for some time and I stopped to chat with them, while my guy friends just kept walking inside. I was thinking to myself at the time , OK my friends wanted me to come up there with them so that I could introduce them to some girls and they walked right past the opportunity. I only thought that for a second though because I had a drink handed to me from one of the girls as soon as I looked back. The outside was decent- a few benches to relax on and not so much of the yuppie crowd that I have heard other people talking about on yelp. Actually, there was a biker group across from the bench I was at and they seemed pretty cool telling stories of their "hay-days" riding across the states on bikes. They also bought a few rounds of drinks while I was there so right off the bat I'm thinking this place is pretty cool. Be it that I haven't even walked inside yet. After about 20 minutes and a few drinks later I remembered that I had 2 friends inside that were probably hugged up against the wall starring at people as they kept to themselves. So as I open the door to walk inside the first thing I hear is a Remixed version of Summertime from Sublime and I'm thinking, GO DJ! and as I did a quick glance across the room I noticed there wasn't one, however there was a Jukebox to my left that was jammin that good music. I was impressed- So many people dancing and having a good time and there wasn't even a DJ making it happen. I noticed that most the people there were pretty cool- some saying excuse me as they bumped into you and others just looking at you with smiles. Not bad. I couldn't see my friends so I just walked up to the bar. The Bartender, although busy looks right at me and says "what do you need pimp"? At first I was like sweet, quick service- then I was like, but how did he know I was a pimp? lol kidding. I ordered 2 crown and cokes because that's how I roll and I hand him a $20. He gives me my drinks and then hands me $8 back. I was like, wow- normally I would only get maybe 1 or 2 dollars back at any other place, so I just told him to keep it. I ended up turning around leaning my back up against the bar so I could people watch and I was pretty shocked to see the diversity of the crowd. A few in dress shirts with slacks, a few with shorts and flip flops and a few that maybe needed a clue, but all in all it was a pretty live bunch. I noticed after a few minutes that there were more girls than guys there which is something you don't see that often and is a plus for any guy- even if your not looking.  I thought I would of seen my friends by now and was wondering if they had left already thinking that I had left as well. It didn't matter though- I was having a pretty good time and whoever was selecting songs on the jukebox knew what he or she was doing. Then a girl next to me told her friend to go out on the patio with her. I was like- ohhh the patio. So I followed them to the back door and as soon as they opened it I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Tons more people chillin and having a good time on a patio that was bigger than the inside- but that wasn't the unbelievable part. I saw one of my friends playing Ping-Pong with a girl partner against another couple and saw my other friend sitting at a table of four girls by himself talking to them. I started laughing and thought to myself- good Stuff!!They also had a bunch of people playing beer-pong and a few girls Hoola-Hooping in the corner... Yeah- I was like, where am I? I was diggin it though.. it was your typical everyday people chillin and having a good time not concerned with the who's who and whats' what.I ended up getting a little tipsy for less then $50 bucks which is rare and had some decent conversations with a wide range of different people. I might even have made a few new friends....I'm pretty sure I'll go back- maybe even next Wednesday. I bet the weekend crowd gets a little more silly and to be honest I like it just the way it was.You Should go!
<review# 2139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2008,10/15/2008,120,129,8,12,11>I drive by this place everyday on the way home, and I always joke about stopping by for dinner.  You know you see something all the time, but you can't have it?  The more I see it, the more I wonder: "Is it as good as the one in Austin?" and "How are their bulgogi burgers here?" and "Why is it always empty ....shouldn't there be people going for dinner?"  The anticipation just kept on building up more and more....until I decided: "Today is The Day."  Oh glorious day!  It was the best decision I have made in a long time.  This particular Burger Tex stays true to its form: slightly run-down and ran by Koreans, but better.  It is bigger, a lot cleaner and brighter, and the service is slightly better.  The food is just as good as I remembered.  I got the 4 oz. burger with grilled mushrooms and a side of onion rings.  The boyfriend got the 8 oz. with a side of fries.  I piled on the fresh condiments...fresh lettuce, tomato, pico de gallo, jalapenos, onions, bring it!!  They also had some nacho cheese for the fries.  Adjectives for a perfect burger--succulent, juicy, cooked the perfection--are all applicable.  It didn't have anything fancy, but it really didn't need it.  It tasted just great without any extra seasonings--a true sign of an excellent burger.  I probably looked like a wild woman wolfing down my burger.  I caught a few glances of shock and disapproval (and maybe even envy) at how much I thoroughly enjoyed my burger--no matter.  It's a raw emotion that should be enjoyed with no constraints.  No disapproving glances are going to come between my burger, my dr. pepper, and me.  The onion rings held their own - I have NEVER had an onion ring that was not greasy and falls out of the breaded shell when I bit into it.  I still have no idea how it was perfectly crunchy and "stayed in the ring" when I bit into it.  The fries were perfectly crunchy at just the right thickness.  I have no idea how my boyfriend finished the 8oz. burger.  He's a big eater, but that was quite a feat.  He claims each bite was worth it.  I can also say the same about my burger.  I can also claim that my 4 oz. burger made me feel like a woman.As we're driving away from our nearly religious experience, we jokingly said, now how freaking cool would it be if this place had a drive thru...and lo and behold--holy smokes!  There it is!At $5 a pop, why would you go anywhere else for a burger?  I'll return next time to try the bulgogi burger.
<review# 2140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2008,10/13/2008,48,43,2,12,8>It's the little spa with a big heart! I looove this place. Located inside the Rice Hotel, it's a definitely a slice of heaven in the heart of downtown. The massage was the best I've ever had, the facial (the exfoliation done with plant enzymes) was amazing, the Body Glow was heavenly and the Mani/Pedi was fantastic!   :DAside from the service being top-notch, the staff is down to earth and they're probably the nicest ladies you'll ever meet in the spa business. The first time I visited was with a friend and I was amazed at the level of attention we received. The second time I went was with a group of friends to celebrate a birthday and again, I was amazed with the level of attention and the quality of service. Post treatment they treated us to ice cream at Ben and Jerry's! How cool is that???Price wise, it's a bargain when you compare it to other spas in the city. The La Luna Spa package is a great deal for $200 and includes a 1 hour Sunset Blend Massage, a Sunset Facial and a Bodyglow! At most spas that only gets you the massage!It may not be the most fro-froo of spas in the city but it's definitely staffed with some of the most talented spa professionals in the business. If you're stressed (or not) and need a mini-mental getaway, make a trip to Sunset Body Works asap. You won't be disappointed!
<review# 2141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2008,10/12/2008,40,93,7,7,7>This is "Our Spot". Generally on a Friday night you cand find John and I here taking up space. It is infact a cigar bar, but don't let that scare you away, they will not shove a cigar in your mouth and make you light it. If you are adventurous, there are 2 walk in humidors filled with every cigar you could think of. I generally go for the petite girly honey flavored while John tries to find that largest manliest one that will still manage to fit in his mouth. Service is amazing. There is always the same waitress and the same bartender (Thats right just one of each, its a small-ish place) But they are very friendly and attentive. They dont serve food, but they share a complex with tons of different resturaunts, so they will just have it delivered to your table. Drinks are good and reasonable, I have made it my personal mission to try each of their signature martini's and lets just say that the pineapple upside down thingies are not awesome on an empty stomache. There is always live music, and it is always cheesy. Cheesy in a good way. Typically it's a one man band or made up botoxed lounge singer doing her best Van Morrison. Its not always ideal, but its always pleasant.
<review# 2142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2008,10/11/2008,151,137,3,6,3>I went there last night to see skyrocket.I was told the doors open at 8 so I got there at around 7:40 to beat the crowd, and boy did I, it was me and the bartender for the first half hour.The crowd did start to show up, and the place was pretty full when the band hit the stage.I really like the venue, it's a great place to see some mid sized acts, the stage was a little small for all 7 members of Skyrocket, but there was plenty of room on the dance floor.The bar staff was friendly, the prices weren't a major ripoff, and there was rarely a wait to get a drink.Security was present, but not overbearing, which was nice.This place would be a 5 star venue, but the parking is horrible (no valet last night), and I am not a huge fan of the location.I will be checking in from time to time, I really want to see the spazmatics, and I know a few acts that would be perfect for the location!!!Sammy's is the perfect venue for a show, the room is intimate, and the acoustics are pretty good, there was a little bass distortion on the DJ between sets, but no major complaints
<review# 2143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2008,10/10/2008,68,368,1,7,6>My wonderful girlfriend took me here today to celebrate my birthday though I actually picked the restaurant. I decided on Voice as an alternative to the usual suspects because I felt like it would take "contemporary" to a different level... It didn't disappoint. We both started off with the mushroom cappuccino-- by far the most popular dish from Voice. It receives rave reviews from everyone-- bloggers, yelpers, food critics, the waiter... It is clear that Voice itself is very impressed with the soup-- it is on the website and the Chef sends out little cups soup sample if you don't actually order it. For the most part, I agree-- it really is one of the best soups I've ever had. Smooth, creamy, flavorful, creative, I can go on and on... I just wish we shared a cup (they were quite large and also quite heavy) and tried something else.For dinner, my girlfriend ordered some coffee-rubbed filet ($36) and I had the venison sous vide (also $36). Now...what can I say to describe the venison. It was by far the most interesting dish I have ever come across in my short life, all things considered. Sous vide, according to Wikipedia, is "a method of cooking that is intended to maintain the integrity of ingredients by heating them for an extended period of time at relatively low temperatures"-- not to be confused with crock pot. According to our waiter, the deer tenderloin is placed in an air tight vacuum and cooked underwater at 150 degrees for x amount of hours. The venison was really  something incredible. At first, without the sauce, it tasted particularly gamey but not so much in a bad way. With the sweet cherry sauce, it was just perfect. Every bite was tender and delicious. I can go on and on...On the other hand, my girlfriend's filet was underwhelming. In part, because she asked for it medium rare and it came medium, leaning toward medium well. This is why I took away a star. We don't like sending things back out of fear of stuff we see in movies (probably not true but why take the chance) but she did say it was very good with the sauce. I wish one of us tried a fish. We had sides of creamed corn (which my buddy described as corn with cheez-its on top) and truffled fries (which were much better than mcdonald's). The sides were $6 each.For those planning on going to Voice, I would highly recommend the tasting menu at $65 for 5 dishes. We spent about $50 for 2 dishes and while I left feeling full and satisfied, I coulda gorged down a lot more of that amazingly inventive food. I'm a small guy too-- light eater. If I hadn't stuffed myself with so much bread and creamy soup earlier, I highly doubt the 4-5 oz. of deer, sliced on a large white plate would have been enough to fill me up. Also, be sure to valet your car. I read a review that it was $10 but if you get it validated by your waiter, it is actually complimentary. Service was pretty darn good. Our waiter was a nice guy who ended up bringing out two small chocolates on a plate that said "Happy Birthday" in chocolate. It was a nice touch, except he called me Michael and didn't recite to us the specials... no complaints though. However, one small problem I would correct is that the waiters seem to be standing around...a lot. We went pretty early, at around 6:15 and there was a lot of standing around. Like the entire wait staff would be hanging around in their gray uniforms that sharply contrast the lighter colors of the restaurant (but match the seat leather). Even later on during the night, there would be a lot of hanging around. Maybe the place is overstaffed-- when we walked in, we were the only people at the large dining room. Overall, I hope Voice makes it. They serve some seriously modern food and I had a great experience here for my birthday.
<review# 2144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2007,10/9/2008,40,363,1,9,5>Since my favorite pizza place is all the way in The Woodlands, I am always looking for a pizzeria that can offer up the good stuff in my part of town.  So, one time while I was picking up some delicious pizzas from my regular haunt, a turncoat employee there asked if I had ever tried Brother's Pizza.  I said that I hadn't but I appreciated the recommendation and decided to try it the next time I needed a pizza fix but didn't want to drive so far.Once the opportunity arrived, I put Brother's Pizza on my agenda - it was easy and convenient for me since it was on my way while we were out anyway.  For a Friday night, they were pretty packed even though there was road construction at this very busy intersection of Highway 6 and Interstate 10.  I felt very optimistic seeing how many people had gone out of their way to grab the pies here.We ordered two pizzas:  one was half mushrooms and half peppers, the other was just a cheese pizza.  The special order was not a problem and they got our pizzas out quickly even with the Friday night rush.  Everything was good but the plain cheese pizza was the best of all of the slices.  It wasn't very expensive and we had left overs.The thing that makes them miss out on 5 stars for me is the lack of topping choices.  I like to have the opportunity to get things like fresh garlic or feta cheese but they only had the same old, same old here.  There weren't many choices outside of meat so it made the pizza a little dull - even the veggie options were a tad bit boring.  I wish Brother's Pizza had a little more variety.  If I need pizza that is close and easy to access, Brother's Pizza is one of the better places on the West Side of town.  It's nothing special but it certainly fills the need for better than average pizza.
<review# 2145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2008,10/8/2008,19,28,3,6,5>I LOVES me some Lupe Tortilla, baby!The service sucks, but they actually have a bunch of complaint letters stuck to the wall at the entrance to which they basically reply "You no like our service, you go someplace you like, senor!"Kind of irks you, maybe when you're waiting for a table makes you want to punch or perhaps trip someone on the wait or hostess staff as they pass by...but then when you see how crowded this place is night after night and how hard these folks work...you get it.The secret to their fajita meat - and fajitas or carne asada is the only way I ever go here...is...are you ready....lime. The meat is soaked in lime juice as part of the marinade. And it's AWESOME. I tried to duplicate it, and it was pretty good, but these folks can make some bad A fajitas, there is none better....end of story.Everything else is good too, I hear :)The margaritas are slow to arrive (Like everything else), but tasty, the chips and beans and pico are great (I stuff on chips and beans every time I go), etc. It's my favorite Mexican joint - can you tell?You will walk out of this place groaning like a sick calf  with your stomach bursting with wonderful Mexican goodness -  guaranteed.
<review# 2146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2008,10/7/2008,108,76,6,11,9>what do you get when you cross a boudoir and a great piece of red meat?  the strip house!  i love the dark, sexy atmosphere.  makes me want to go hunt down my fishnets.i've dined here a dozen times.  with the exception of one off-night when i had a bland bone-in prime rib, every other time has been very good.  and they put the fois gras torchon back on the menu which means i will probably be back there soon.okay, where do i start?  i've had most of the menu....for starters, the seafood plateau is impressive.  chilled shrimp, clams, lobster, king crab, mussels - pretty standard.  but theirs comes with an addition of tuna tartare and baby scallop ceviche.  if you're willing to splurge, this is a great way to start.  fois gras torchon.  i call it nature's butter.  total diet-dropping stuff.  theirs is served with toasted brioche.  to opt for something lighter, split the bibb salad - it's large enough.  nice chunks of lardons and blue cheese or gorgonzola.  or the shrimp cocktail.  nice large shrimp.  i didn't care with the sauce it comes with.  if you don't, just ask for a side of cocktail sauce.as for steaks, just take your pick.  i like them all but i usually choose the strip or filet.  it comes to your table nicely charred with a little drawn butter coating the bottom of the hot plate and a half head of roasted garlic.  squeeze the soft mellow garlic out and try it with a bit of steak.  delish!  my steaks are always perfectly cooked to medium rare the way i like it.  rack of lamb has also been wonderful.some sides are better than others.  skip the goose fat potatoes no matter how hard you want to try them.  yes, they sound extraordinary, but are a huge disappointment.  bland.  choose mashed potatoes or potatoes romanoff which are both good.  truffled creamed spinach is yummy.  garlic fries are yummy.  mushrooms are yummy.  for the true splurge, there is a baked potato with caviar, bacon, sour cream and chives that which will cost you a pretty penny.the grapevine tells me that the chef is experimenting with new apps.  expect a crabcake and a kobe beef app soon along with some others.consider dining in the bar or lounge which is usually pretty quiet, roomy, and comfortable.  it's a perfect romantic date situation where you can just split a few menu items and get out without throwing out crazy coin.
<review# 2147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2008,10/6/2008,10,4,7,7,6>Being an Austin native, sorta, I have been craving breakfast tacos ever since I moved to Houston.  I have looked all around the Montrose area to no luck (or maybe I was not looking hard enough).  I stumbled, literally, upon Tacos a Go-Go after a long night of drinking at The Mink located next door and took part in taco deliciousness.  Granted I was hammered and anything greasy would have been greatly satisfying.  I therefore had to make a sober attempt.I was not disappointed.  After numerous visits I have tried almost everything on the menu and my only complaint is the tamales, which were dry and grainy.  Everything else was pretty much bomb.  The guisada and barbacoa were especially bombtastic.  Also if I ever get home sick and do not want to spend $100 to get to Austin, Tacos a Go-Go provides me temporary relief with its decor being eclectically Austin.Thank you Tacos a Go-Go from supplying me with breakfast tacos.
<review# 2148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2008,10/5/2008,1,19,,4,4>I liked many things about this place, and was somewhat not so happy with others.  The food is overall very good.  Mussels are cooked perfectly, and the rabbit was especially well prepared.  Dessert was lovely, had the apple Crepes and was happy to see they were made fresh and well.  Service is slow but if you are not in a rush it is not painful.  I enjoyed their moderately sized beer selection and the prices are reasonable too.My favorite thing overall is the homemade authentic flavor everything had. Nothing seemed rushed or forced.  Simple food made well makes me smile and I will be back shortly.
<review# 2149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2008,10/4/2008,29,22,2,4,4>Was sorta sick of places that charge you 8-10 $s for a drink and all it is someones wild guess of what the drink is....so i decided to venture on over to the "Cano" for some quality drinks on Saturday night. this place does drinks pretty well. Prices aren't expensive and staff is very friendly and helpful, especially with the libations and the crowds aren't out of control. Don't worry about dressin up... this aint one of those places..although it can be.I got a Pimm's cup, pretty good..not overly sour like marfreles, frozen jack and coke, not by choice, and another pimm's cup. I'm a cheap date what can i say.We also ordered the chip and cheese dip with chunks of tasty eggplant. It had just the right amount of spices to give the dip that extra kick. i'm definitely goin to try some of the other food choices in the future.I don't know if they serve poison apples...i'll ask next time...i was just enjoying my pimm's cup a bit 2 much to ask.
<review# 2150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2008,10/3/2008,231,235,2,9,5>I'll agree with both reviewers, this place is great and definitely deserves the 5 stars!It's a small restaurant so it may feel cramped at times if there are a lot of people there, but it's so worth it. My bf and I went there for lunch and started the meal off with the spring rolls with the pork in them (I forgot what they're called how to say them in Vietnamese) but not very many Vietnamese restaurants serve them. We've only been to a few places and they've all been in town. Oh man, were they GOOD!!! The ingredients tasted very fresh and all the flavors combined into a good way to start the meal. I was very satisfied. Then main order came out. We both ordered a regular size bowl of the "house special." This is the one with everything in it. Their pho bowls are a good size and are packed with meat. Usually there's only a few slices of meat and some tripe and mostly noodles and broth, but here it felt like there was enough meat to last the entire bowl. The meal was finished off with a nice iced coffee with condensed milk...yummy! As we were paying, we noticed the posters and the machine they use to seal the cups at milk tea places and decided to order one since one would be good enough b/c I was totally stuffed. When they brought it out to us, we were shocked at the fact that it had whipped cream on top of it because I haven't seen that done before. It was so good. Woo Hoo new milk tea spot!I am definitely going back when I have a craving for Vietnamese food. I just have to time it right so I go when they're open.
<review# 2151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2008,10/2/2008,150,374,10,8,7>I have no idea why this place has constantly been on my mind to visit, but I am glad I did (if only to finally have some peace in my head - the voices were starting to get loud). This is a step up from a Goodwill store, with all kinds of eclectic things - everything from clothes to furniture to knick knacks (can a guy say that without losing manly points?) to jewelry. I didn't expect to find anything but immediately found a set of six nice cordial glasses for four bucks (sweet, another reason to drink hard liquor!). I even saw several old record (LP) holders, a tape reel deck and furniture from the Balinese Room!I do think the prices were on the high side, although I didn't spot much flea-market grade crap. Very interesting place to visit - especially if you're into the whole eclectic deco style.
<review# 2152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2008,10/1/2008,171,66,11,10,11>I went to Beaver's (which always makes me laugh to say because apparently I am a twelve year old boy - a twelve year old boy with boobs, that is) this past weekend and I can't say enough good things about this place.Now, before I continue, let me clarify by saying that I really only came here for the bar.  The restaurant part itself was pretty incidental to my visit.When I first walked in, I was drawn immediately to the bar with its beautiful different colored hanging light fixtures (the red one towards the end on the right was my personal favorite).  The small mirrors put together behind the bar to form a larger mirror also gave it an interesting look and is different from the typical large mirror found behind most bars.  The mural with woodland creatures on the walls is also pretty cool and who doesn't like to look at a beaver? (Thank you, folks! I'll be here all week.  Don't forget to tip your waitress!)The most amazing thing, though, about this place is the sheer thought that has been put into the drink menu.  Most of the drinks weren't your typical bar fare and it was hard to choose what to drink when I sat down.My first drink of the night was something that was made with gin, tamarind syrup, and Lillet with a sprig of rosemary.  It was pretty good, but my friend ordered the Train Wreck and, after both watching the bartender catch an orange peel on fire - like some kind of magic trick - and drop it into the drink and then tasting said drink, I ordered these for the rest of the evening.In addition to the fabulous drinks here, the thing that I liked the most was how much the bartenders, Kevin and Bobby, knew about the tradition and history of bartending.  I learned about one of the first cocktails, the Sazerac, and the history behind the Sidecar, on which their drink the Train Wreck, is based on.  It was fascinating to listen to them talk.We also split a Beaver Burger which was very delicious.  The guy sitting next to us also shared his corn "puppies" but they were pretty bland and I couldn't really recommend them.  The  spicy smoky friend potatoes also were really good and would go well with the burger.All in all, I probably would rate this a 4.5 since some of the food wasn't quite up to snuff, but since the ambiance was so cool and the bartenders were so incredibly knowledgeable and friendly (not to mention cute), I have to bump this up to a five.  I hope to come back again soon and try some more of their tasty cocktails!
<review# 2153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2008,9/30/2008,5,5,3,5,6>I've always enjoyed this place for yummy tea and wifi however Antidote won me over 100% this week. After a hot afternoon of clearing my yard of post hurricane Ike debris all I wanted was a cold drink. Anything would satisfy me as long as ice was involved. Antidote to the rescue. I drove past and realized they were open, made an illegal u-turn and parked my booty in an outdoor chair.The guy behind the counter was serving up your choice of:Lone StarWaterWine CoffeeIced tea I wanted a beer, but my better judgement told me to go with the tea.You know a place is great when they will serve their customers running solely on a modified menu, a generator, and friendly smiles.
<review# 2154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2008,9/28/2008,269,274,2,10,9>I love Discovery Green.  I have been here the past 3 weekends.  I like coming here with my kid and watching her run through the Mist Tree and the Gateway Fountain.  There is always something scheduled, they have a farmers market, dance classes from TUTs, writing workshops and my favorite, Opera.  On the main stage they had an opera; it was cool to expose my kid to that. I think this park brings the best things about Houston into one area; the arts, theatre, food, and architecture.  If I'm missing something please feel free to call me out on it.  I have been lucky and have been able to find metered parking as oppose to parking in one of the lots which can run you $5-$10.  The best part about the park is when your kid is finished dragging you around, you can wrap up the trip with lunch at The Grove or The Lake House and if it's hot as hell like it has been lately you can go to the 2nd story of The Grove.  They have a margarita bar and patio that overlooks downtown, it's awesome.  A Margarita never hurt anybody.I moved to Houston in 1999 from Austin with my wife, she is originally from here.  She reconnected with some old friends and back then they were going to Jones Bar downtown and few other bars right next to it, she was mortified because no one ever went to downtown Houston at night.  It has been nice to see Downtown come into it's own with the ball park and arena.  There is also a nice restaurant and bar scene developing downtown with the completion of Metro Rail.
<review# 2155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2008,9/27/2008,64,77,5,7,10>WARNING: Don't pull a me and think - 'eh, its just down 45, exit Telephone.  Surely, I'll see it.'  You won't and you'll get lost and you'll end up in a scary place.  DO go.  Once you see a concert at Orange Show, you will never settle for anything else.   You can go anytime to tour it and you should if you have a free afternoon - you can't NOT be happy at Orange Show.  But they're programming takes it beyond 'another Houston landmark that rocks' to a day/night that will go down in history! I went down to their Foam Raiser last night with Grass Skirt and Sideshow Tramps.  and it WILL go down in history.  It rocked!
<review# 2156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2008,9/26/2008,232,18,4,10,6>When I step into McGonigel's Mucky Duck (or the Duck as some of us call it) it is like stepping into a small pub in a different city or country rather, even though it is right here in the center of Houston!The Duck is right off 59 and Kirby one block south of Richmond. I have passed by this venue/pub my whole life and never knew it was even there until about a year ago. It's located on Norfolk, behind Momentum Audi/VW dealership, and had no idea that "...one of the top 20 acoustic venues in America!" was located right back there. By the way, that quote was taken directly from Billboard Magazine. It's open 7 days of week and Mon-Sat. and they serve hearty food for lunch starting at 11am. They also serve dinner every night but there are evening shows on Tuesdays and Thurs-Sundays that you have to have tickets for, and the Duck takes CASH or CHECK only for tickets to the shows (but credit for everything else)!Honestly I am not a huge folk music fan, but the caliber of artists from all over the country that are booked at the Duck are pretty damn impressive (Cory Morrow, Shake Russell, Glen Phillips, etc.). The musicians that actually get booked (and there is a line up to even talk the owner/booker) at the Duck are truly massive in their genre of music; therefore many nights are sold out in advance. Many of the artists and bands that play here could easily play anywhere but prefer to play at this intimate setting with their amazing sound system, and the sound at the Duck is incredible!What's also nice about these shows is if you buy your ticket early enough, you can reserve a table to have some of their incredible homemade yet traditional Irish food while watching a great show and kickin' back a few of their many beers they have on tap or wine from their extensive wine list and cellar. It's truly a 'supper club'. If you aren't really in the mood to sit through a show then check it out during the day or after work for a pint or two for one of the several beers on tap (Blue Moon, Guinness, Fat Tire, Newcastle, Shiner, St. Arnolds, etc.), a glass/bottle or wine from their huge wine list, all while taking in the dark wood bar along with the very charming pub décor (yet not tacky or old feeling in the least). If you are hungry then you are really in for a treat! They have such a variety of food from fried pub snacks, homemade queso, baked Brie, huge salads, great sandwiches, burgers, and then awesome entrees to boot. They also pride themselves on their European pub food like 'Bangers and Mash', Shepherd's Pie, Beef Guinness, and even fish 'n chips! I could go into the desserts but just writing about the steaming hot entrees they serve up is making me hungry. If you do happen to stop by for lunch Mon-Fri, the adorable day manager Liz will serve you with a smile. She will probably be singing along to whatever tune is playing in the background; after all she is a musician herself. If you like what you hear, she usually plays on their FREE open mic on Monday evenings along with other shows in or around Houston (she has been written up in the Houston Press several times). But, she is only one of the many musicians that play on the open mic on Mondays at the Duck. There are many artists that are up and coming, have gotten their start at this venue, or are actually well known artists that just love going there for this famous night. Not only is the beer good and cold, the food is great, you can see some really great live music on their revered open mic night in a bad ass pub on Mondays all for FREE! What more could you ask for?Now you don't have to be a hippy, folk loving, washed up musician to love this place. I'm a mid 20's young girl who loves fashion, city life, and fun bars, yet I adore the Duck! For lunch it is usually business types and packed from 11-2pm basically (you must call in advance for a large party).After the crowd dies down, it is a great place to hang out with a friend for a beer, a glass of wine with a girlfriend, and you'll also see a few people working on their laptops since there's FREE WIFI.For the ticket shows, the crowd is more mixed. Open mic night on Mondays is pretty different then show nights. The crowd at the Duck on Monday evenings tends to a be younger crowd; think cute 20's and 30's, cool Rice college students, and chill business men and women that rip off their suits when they get home, throw on their flip flops and jeans, and grab their guitar to go play their new song they just wrote. Don't get me wrong, you will have the occasional amateurish musician that thinks they can hold a tune, but for the most part it's a fun, young, and mixed crowd. Oh, I can't forget the back patio. It's a nice patio with tons of tables and chairs that is perfect for relaxing whenever or on Fridays for happy hour when someone is usually cooking up free fajitas!Definitely check out the Duck on a Monday night (my fave), lunch, brunch, or one of their dinner shows and you won't be disappointed!
<review# 2157,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/3/2008,9/25/2008,47,119,5,7,5>One day, I managed to sneak out of the office for lunch, and hit up Irma's Restaurant with some co-workers. It has been a hellish month, and I was excited by the opportunity to not only have lunch away from my desk but to also try a new place. We arrived a little after noon on a Friday, and I was surprised that there was zero wait and we were seated immediately.Irma's reminds me of a decked out basement, as I don't recall there being any natural sunlight in this place.  The decor is reminiscent of a garage sale or flea market, where the proprietor collects dolls of all kinds; their unblinking eyes stare at you from every direction. In most other situations all the dolls might be kind of creepy, but here, there are so many of them that the net effect is minimized. In any case, it gives you something to talk about; remember Cabbage Patch Kids? Well, there's one at Irma's. And it will be looking at you.As other reviewers mentioned, the lack of a menu is jarring, but not an obstacle. If you are familiar at all with Mexican food, you will be fine. If you don't know what carne guisada is, just go with the flow and ask for Irma's recommendation. As she says, it's like home here, and she's right, mismatched glasses and all. (I wanted the one with the bumblebees on it!)Our table ordered queso and guacamole, which each came in dish that's sized for the dolls to eat out of. I think each of us put queso on five chips and it was gone. Same for the guacamole. I personally ordered the carne guisada, and it was good but not great. It had a nice heat, but some of the meat was a little tough. The rice was a little dry and the beans were nothing to rave about. That's sort of what I don't get about the other reviews -- the food is fine, but it is not the best Mexican you will ever have. And for the price, it is certainly not the best bang for the buck either.The strawberry lemonade is divine though, and you get free refills on it, which is so unusual and so welcome for strawberry lemonade. I would go back just so I could drink some more. Or at least drink enough to figure out how I can reproduce it at home.The service is excellent, and Irma is attentive and personable. Irma's Restaurant is probably a 3.5 star kinda place for me, but I had to round down because four stars are really for places I would frequent. I will most likely revisit Irma's, but I don't expect it to be much more than a rotation for my co-worker lunches out.
<review# 2158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2008,9/24/2008,138,127,4,9,7>Aurora, oh, Aurora! You've held my heart captive for the past 10 years and won't let your fierce grip go (and I ain't want that anyway!)Houstonians, Texans, Americans, Humans & Intergalacticians UNITE and revel in the gem that is Aurora Picture Show! An old church-turned-cinema that shows independently created film and video curated into topics that are funny, irreverent and not to be missed! In fact the most recent screening I attended featured a Food Network personality, tequila shots, pie and the film "Pimp My Cake" (I will leave it up to your imagination....)If you can only make it to one event per year at Aurora, make sure it's the Extremely Shorts Film Festival where the audience juries the films and chooses the winner of the cash prize. Following the weekend long festival is the Anniversary Picnic and Karaoke-thon, which in years past has proven to be enlightening, entertaining and even blackmail-worthy, wickedly good fun.Like the 'Hair Club for Men', I am not only a visitor to this fine establishment, but I am also a member. And yes, dearies, membership DOES have its privileges, whether it's getting your name plaque on the wall or church pew, ultra-exclusive VIP invitations to members only and preview events that feature free food and booze, feeling the love from the super appreciative staff to hip swag like pint glasses, t-shirts and koozies, so don't forget to join. Just proves that you don't have to travel to NY, Chicago or SanFran to find amazing, underground art venues. Aurora is the hippest cinema in town.
<review# 2159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2008,9/23/2008,6,18,5,10,4>Roast chicken. Me. Someone really should stage an intervention.The only roast chicken I like better than Chicken Kitchen's is my own. Much is made of their Chop Chop bowls, and they are very, very good. But for my fam CK is a vastly superior alternative to Boston Market for takeout meals.With your eight pieces of orgasmically succulent bird you have a choice of several healthy salads, fresh sides -- a far cry in taste and quality from Boston Market's lifeless vegetables, prefab mac and cheeselike substance, and overly sweet cornbread that could do double duty as dessert. Our faves at CK are the yellow rice, black beans and marinated tomatoes. They also offer a plethora of dipping sauces but I've never gotten past the mustard curry cause it's so freakin' good. Warm pita bread comes with everything.Good bird. Good sides. Good eatin'.
<review# 2160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2008,9/22/2008,196,278,6,10,10>Now for something completely different.Houston is a big, multicultural city, and we have a LOT of restaurants.  It's easy to get into a groove, and stick with your favorites.  Some folks go a little crazy, and venture out to another place that offers a different take on their favorites.  But you read Yelp, so you're ready for something really different.If you've only eaten in traditional seafood places like Christie's or (gasp) Landry's, Tampico will be a whole new world for you.  It's a Mexican seafood establishment, and it's should be on any seafood lover's short list for delicious, fresh seafood at modest prices.Don't let the location scare you away.  The neighborhood will not be confused with the Woodlands or Memorial, but the parking lot is safe, and you can consider the short trip down Airline to be some sort of adventure.Once you enter the restaurant, you'll face a loud, boisterous room and an avalanche of aromas.  Find your seat (there's an upstairs that's marginally quieter, if you prefer), order a refreshing beverage, then ask the waiter for the whole red snapper.That's what Tampico is famous for, and for good reason.  You'll receive a huge whole snapper that's been robustly seasoned and perfectly cooked.  It's served over fried rice (yes, fried rice) and is easily enough to feed four people.If you want something lighter, the ceviche is a great choice.  Very fresh and marinated perfectly in a mix of lime juice and spices that enhance but doesn't overpower the flavor of the fresh seafood.A word about the service:  It reminds me of the service at some non-touristy restaurants in Mexico.  The servers are pros, but they often work on a schedule that's foreign to Americans in a hurry.  So relax and enjoy the scene, and let the experience unfold around you.Tampico is a festive atmosphere and a great place to take friends, especially if they're adventurous.  It's not for those in a hurry, nor is it for those who are uncomfortable around other cultures.  But for those who are willing to explore, the rewards are rich, and the experience is a memorable one.
<review# 2161,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/7/2008,9/20/2008,121,865,5,11,5>Rather than complain about the high prices, (FYI:  to see/do everything would cost you $74) I'm going to let you know how to get the most out of your museum dollars.  1) Go during the week and after noon.  I recommend getting to the museum around 1, Monday - Thursday.  Lots of kids are there with school groups in the AM and the weekends are just crazy.  Avoid summers and school holidays too if you can.  If you are taking your kids and thus can't avoid weekend/holidays, go on the first weekend after school starts or the first weekend after winter break.  These are the quietest times at the museum.2) Want to see the special exhibits that are more expensive?  Pick one and visit it first and then take in 1 or 2 of the regular exhibits and if you want a little more add in an Imax or Planetarium show.  If you are the type to take your time in a museum this can easily take half the day if not more.  If you do this you can make 3 trips to the museum during the year averaging $15-30 per person per trip and feel very fulfilled each time.  3)  Don't waste your money on the non 3D imax or the "Night of the Titanic" planetarium shows.  See one of the other ones, much more bang for your buck.  (NOTE 1/5/09 - Turns out a friend of mine worked on making this show, so go see it!  But realize its geared more for kids.)4)  There is a 3rd floor... most people don't realize this for some reason.  If you go and don't see it, you are missing out on what you paid for.5) Want to see the permanent exhibits for free?  Go Tuesday after 2pm.  Random Comment:  Based on bang for your buck, it's not a bad deal at all.  It's the same price as going to the movies and you will learn more and get more value for your dollar.Random Fact:  I'm a volunteer!
<review# 2162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2008,9/19/2008,676,49,1,7,4>Last Tuesday, Starbuck's introduced some healthy treats to their menu. These healthy treats have the Starbuck's touch to them, AND I've taken it upon myself to try three of seven new additions:1) Perfect Oatmeal: Okay, I admit I wasn't going to try this one as I figured I could make oatmeal at home. But my barista told me that people ARE actually ordering the oatmeal AND he told me it was good. So...of course, I had to try it. He was right. It was the BEST oatmeal ever!! No really, I wouldn't lie to you. I have no idea what they put into it. It's basically 100% whole grain oats and then you get the choice of dried fruit, nut medley or brown sugar. The barista said most people pick brown sugar, but I picked the nuts. Mmmm...mmmm....super good. This is my new favorite.2) Berry Stella: This has been around all summer. I guess they were testing the healthy stuff. Anyway, it's an oat-based pastry that has been shaped into a star, and it has berries in the middle. It's okay, but not as satisfying as some of their other items like the blueberry scones or very berry muffins. 3) Chewy Fruit & Nut Bar: This bar contains real fruit, nuts and clover honey. It's really yummy and does fill you up. But here's the catch. The little grains get stuck in your teeth, so make sure you pop by a mirror before smiling. It's also a little high in fat and leaves your fingers feeling greasy.  It was my least favorite out of the three.By the way, this is a pretty good Starbuck's.  They only sucky thing is the parking lot is small so it's hard to get a spot.
<review# 2163,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/16/2007,9/18/2008,123,317,7,8,6>Certainly it is a bit pricey... but the portions are enormous.  And I thought the food was pretty spectacular.  I got the shaking beef, and I was really impressed.  My mother got this vegetable plate where it was a bunch of sides, and not for that much $$.  Hers was excellent too.  It was a perfect lunch for her.  For me... I just ate the whole thing, so even though it was really tasty... it dragged me into a un-recoverable food coma for my afternoon at work.The downsides of this place are definitely the volume of the ambient noise... and the fact that it runs with the inefficient and bureaucratic style of the military.  Allow me to explain.  You enter, at precisely 1200 hours.  You march towards the central processing unit where you have to ask permission to speak.  Upon being granted verbal access to the hostess, you request the table with the appropriate seating for you and your fellow officers.  Upon the acceptance of the request, you are handed a military-style operations beacon which alerts you to their preparedness for the next level.  Upon receiving the Morse code for "get up now and give back the beacon", you are ordered to move to the next central processing unit.  Only once you have waited there will the commanding floor officer lead you to your section of the mess hall.  If you do not march swiftly enough, the officer does an about-face and gives you the "get down and give me twenty" face.  Once led to your section, menus are administered and the floor officer disappears with the grace and swiftness of a cranky ninja.Food: greatAmbiance: decent, albeit deafeningAttitude: speak when spoken to
<review# 2164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2008,9/17/2008,29,43,3,6,6>I think this is one of the hidden gems of Houston. I've only been twice (frankly because I always forget that it exists) but every time I go I have a blast. The first time I went with a friend for a nightcap during a weekday. I thought I was in an underground bar because it was SO cool. The owner was there and let us try different types of champagne (we weren't in the mood for wine) and told us the stories of each one we tried. Then we ordered a bottle. So fun. We felt so special. (And drunk) THEN we ordered the meat/cheese sampler. Can I say AMAZING?! First of all the cheeses were so delicious AND paired perfectly with our champagne. They had cheese from all over the World AND specific Texas cheeses too. The meats were cured and fresh. The prosciutto was salty and cold. To top it all off they served us a hunk of BUTTER with our fig compote and nuts. Wh-AAAT?! All of this was served on a huge block of granite, by the way. They sure know how to make two ladies say "More please?!" I hope this place stays a secret.
<review# 2165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2008,9/16/2008,122,80,13,14,12>OK, normally when I'm in the middle of triathlon season (yeah, yeah whatever, I gotta do something with my free time), I try to avoid all processed foods, refined sugars and most of all fried foods.   But every once in a while, especially after a particularly tough week of training I'll give myself a break and allow myself to eat something that I've been craving.  Well today I didn't just off the nutrition boat, I almost drowned myself in vegetable oil when I discovered Fenchy's Fried Chicken.   Holy crap the chicken in this place is unbelievable!  I ate 9 pieces of fried chicken for lunch.  Yeah, you read that right, 9 pieces! The chicken was so ridiculously good I couldn't stop after finishing my 5 piece lunch special so I ordered a 10 piece box to go and ate 4 almost immediately after arriving home.  I'm eyeing the remaining 6 pieces as I write this and I just got back from dinner with friends.I can't describe how good it is, you just have to drive there and find out for yourself.  Frenchy's sits in a shack of a structure on the west side of UH campus.  This is not a good neighborhood by any stretch of the imagination but do not be scared of going here.  I'm pretty sure I'm going to be dreaming about fried chicken tonight.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the dirty rice that I had with lunch was only mediocre.  Just forget everything else, order the chicken and lots of it.  Your cardiologist will hate me for it, but everybody deserves something tasty like this every once in a while, right?  Tomorrow I'm back to veggie burgers, tofu and steamed vegetables... god I hate my life...
<review# 2166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2008,9/15/2008,29,9,2,3,2>Cyclone Anaya's Mexican KitchenTry tongue wrestling a tasty dish or two.    This Mexican restaurant is just up the road from my house. And with their sneakily lethal margaritas, it's a good thing it's close by. One of their regular frozen margaritas will do you right. You'll be tempted to have another, and you will. And the next day you'll wish you hadn't. The food is a bit overpriced, but the large portions make for leftovers that last for days. It's Tuesday and I actually just finished the last bacon wrapped, cheese and jalapeno stuffed shrimp from my meal on Sunday night. The fresh ceviche is bursting with flavor and sometimes makes me cry. That's just me though. I'm a wimp when it comes to chomping raw jalapenos. I stupidly mistake those little green cubes for bell pepper. Must be the margaritas clouding my judgment. Cyclone's Carne Asada a la Tampiquena is probably the best marinated piece of skirt steak I've ever put in my mouth. Tender, juicy, delicious. It's the kind of steak cows give their lives for. This dish is rounded out with sides of peppers, mushrooms, onions, rice, beans and even a little cheesy enchilada. If you can finish this big, fine platter in one sitting, you either, A) don't want to share the tasty goodness B) are taking the physical challenge, or C) haven't eaten in days. The dining rooms are loud and lively. The bar is usually crowded. The patio is fun, but challenging. In fact, at certain times of the day you might find yourself playing musical chairs to avoid the blinding rays of the blazing sun. Speaking of music, it's weird. You'd think at a place that's dedicated to the memory of a legendary, 1950's Mexican wrestler they'd play music that's a throwback to that era. What's wrong with a little accordion? I've been blasted one too many times with the sounds of angry white boy rock. I'm trying to eat here people! I've actually requested that they turn the music down, because either you'll have to shout to be heard or simply give up and sing along. La, la, la, yum, yum.
<review# 2167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2008,9/14/2008,19,3,,8,7>So my fiance, Michael, is from Manhattan. When we were initially courting, I went to visit him several times in NYC.  He opened my eyes to how fabulous delis could be. But since we moved to Houston, the closest we could come to an authentic Manhattan deli was Katz's. And Katz's is pretty good. But Katz's cannot even begin to touch Kenny and Ziggy's. When Michael and I entered the deli, his eyes instantly lit up; I could tell even before we were greeted with the half-and-half pickles and New York -style service that we had found the deli we'd been seeking. Kenny and Ziggy's offers an extensive menu packed with New-York deli items we haven't found anywhere else in Houston. From matzoh brei to borscht to goulash to Greek omelets, this place has everything a New Yorker could want in  a deli. Michael even remarked how the coffee tasted like home. I highly recommend the matzoh brei (scrambled) and the Swiss and Shout sandwich. Both dishes were hot and delicious and served quickly. The service was incredibly New York. Many of the servers are career waitresses who know what they are doing. This will undoubtedly become our regular deli. I can't recall a time since we moved to Houston that I have seen Michael so at home in a restaurant and so pleased with the food. Just seeing him smile with delight like that makes me want to go back to Kenny and Ziggy's again and again.
<review# 2168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2008,9/13/2008,76,67,8,6,8>Oh Dirt bar....how my liver hates you so... Within your dark womb I have probably shaved a few years off my life....but who wants to grow old and see your grandkids anyways!This isn't your frat boy hang out, neither is it some hipster lounge, nor is it a place to have bible study.  This is a place to indulge in straight up hedonism. The people are really cool, the bartenders are awsome, and the drinks are cheaper than....well...dirt.  So if you're down for an adventure, check it out!
<review# 2169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2008,9/12/2008,347,105,4,4,5>A wino's Nirvana!!!! A Mecca for lushes. Solace for the inebriated.I just LOVE wandering aimlessly around this place and getting lost in some Beaujolais Nouveau and the gourmet food is the the tops. They even have a really cool humidor for all your cigar afficionado's out there. I don't smoke myself but I love smelling cigars. I did try to bring a girl there to make out but it is quite cold in there and maybe it wasn't her thing. But anyways, DID I MENTION ABOUT THE BOOZE???!!!!!AISLES AND AISLES AND AISLES of LIQUOOOR!!!!I wouldn't hold an AA meeting here but if you like to imbibe (like I do) this is the place!!!
<review# 2170,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/3/2007,9/11/2008,24,39,4,8,10>Also known as "Alice's Tall Texan", this place is great if you feel like being anti-social because you most likely won't see anyone you know.  Its a total dive so don't expect high-end anything.  The juke box has a mixture of old and new country, Motown, classic 60's stuff, and tejano, among others.  They serve all your favorite cheep beer, and you'll get all tapped beer in a lovely giant goblet, which always makes for good times.  I can't say there is a particular kind of "crowd" that hangs out there.  It's going to be the (very) old regulars along side the young, just out of college types who...well honestly, I don't know what they're doing there.  As a Heights resident, I have to say that I like this place because it's nearby and no-nonsense.  If I want beer but don't want to get dressed up or see anyone, I'll drop-in  for a little while with a friend and just chat it up at the bar in jeans, flipflops and not an ounce of make-up...which is always refreshing.  Really don't expect anything fancy.  It's all folding tables and beer-signs.  The bartender is cool.  She's a little thing, but could probably kick your ass, so don't give her any crap.  I don't have anything negative to say about this place.  It is what it is.
<review# 2171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2007,9/10/2008,89,231,11,17,11>I went to Mockingbird Bistro last night based on Cory O's review in Yelp. This is the first time I've used Yelp in this fashion and I wasn't disappointed. My dining experience can be described as episodic with each stage topping the previous one...THE APPREHENSIONI made an early 5:30 reservation at Mockingbird Bistro because my wife and I were attending an 8:00 show at a nearby theater and I didn't want to rush dinner. Because I'm valet-averse, I drove around the block before coming to the conclusion that self-parking in the area was a futile endeavor. We dropped off the car, were greeted warmly at the door and were quickly shown to a table by the window in a quiet corner of the restaurant. From this vantage point, we could see all the patrons arriving and departing. Their attire ranged from very formal to extremely casual (shorts and tennis shoes).Suspended from a high ceiling in this converted warehouse were rustic chandeliers painted a faux antique gold. Interspersed amongst them were winged dragon creatures that looked somewhat like seahorses. The overall effect can best be described as "funky Gothic".On a business card I picked up at the reception stand, the restaurant's fare is described as "Texas Provence". The menu confirmed that what they offered was an eclectic mix of local and European influences. I felt some trepidation as my wife quipped, "They have a hamburger for $30!" What were we getting into?THE SEDUCTIONOur waiter was excellent throughout the evening. He had that instinctive sense to know exactly when he should appear and disappear. After discussing the menu with him we chose both specials and items from the menu. I opted for a shrimp bisque, duck and a perky Pinot Noir. My wife went in a different direction with a trout entree and a Pinot Grigio.While waiting for the food to be prepared, we received the first tantalizing hints of what was in store for us. Their pate was lovely and their fresh bread dipped in oil and spices teased the tip of my tongue. However, my palate was completely unprepared for what was to come.The shrimp bisque was divine. Its rich creamy tomato base was a sensual wake-up call and I savoured it to the last drop.THE CLIMAXMy duck arrived perfectly medium rare on a bed of vegetables that included crisp thin stalks of asparagus and artichokes. Its dark gravy reduction beckoned. With the first bite, my mouth exploded in culinary rapture. Every erect taste bud vibrated in paroxysms of pleasure that sent tingling waves of electricity to the furthest regions of my torso.I was deep into five-star territory and believe I moaned softly in ecstasy until only a single lonely duck bone remained on my plate.THE AFTERGLOWFor dessert, I originally was going to sample the Creme Brulee, but I wisely took the waiter's recommendation instead: apple bread pudding. It was presented to me in a caramel sauce accompanied by blackberries. As I closed my lips over the first forkful, the earth moved. I gasped, everything went fuzzy and I ascended into heaven. I had discovered what I want in my mouth when I draw my last breath.It was obvious that Mockingbird Bistro could meet any of my fine dining needs. Even the thick froth on my Cappuccino was perfectly prepared.A culinary rhapsody like this doesn't come cheap. Be prepared to spend $150-$200 per couple for the meal, a modestly-priced bottle of wine and a generous tip.As I write this, I'm still reeling from the experience!
<review# 2172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2008,9/9/2008,393,766,7,10,10>I've decided that I'm not Asian enough.  Nor am I artsy enough.  And yet, I really enjoyed the store.  Domy is the quintessential Montrose bookstore.  Meaning, everything about it screams indie and quirky.  It is in an adorable little house in the thick of things with a great patio in the back, complete with tables and coffee drinkers.  The books tend to be art books with a few manga, novels, calendars, and nostalgia thrown in.  The walls are covered with cutsie little robots and other collectible toys.  In one room, there is a tv with some avant garde dvd playing and walls of overpriced movies available to purchase.Really, if I were a little more hippy or more in tune with my  Asian roots, this would be the perfect place to hang out.  But sell out that I am, I like to read mainstream novels once in a while and I just wouldn't be able to find them here.  Domy is more of a novelty store than anything and though I enjoyed it, I just can't see anyone coming here often--most of the things just seemed too kitschy.
<review# 2173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2008,9/8/2008,10,17,3,12,8>I've tried a lot of burgers in Houston because it is my favorite food.  I have a lot of favorite burger joints--all for different reasons.  This is my absolute favorite place to get a burger.  Bubba is super friendly, and knows how to make a really mean buffalo burger.  Very fresh, flavorful, and just the right amount of stuff on top.  And you have to try the potato salad.  I promise you won't be disappointed about the lack of french fries.   The location is under freeways because it is the only thing that survived the construction.  Apparently, the construction workers kept coming around for the awesome burgers.  If that's not an endorsement, then I don't know what is.  It's pretty surreal to sit in a shack that feels like it should be in a small town in Texas situated under freeway ramps.
<review# 2174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2008,9/7/2008,69,93,5,10,9>My ex first introduced me to this place a year ago and it immediately became my favorite hang out in Houston. When I don't feel like dealing with the Midtown crowd (ya'll know what I mean) I make my way to the Flat. There is no snooty doorguy that gives guys a hard time to get in, not dress code really so you can show up in flop flops and you good, or you can show up in a dress like I usually do and still not feel outta place. The bartenders are great...very nice..so tip them! They have really cool art all over the place as well as furniture and the patio is pretty big. Frozen mojito's is what I come here for...well that and the pizza!! You gotta try their pizza...it's pretty fantastic, or if you just want something light to snack on try the hummus. MmMm 5 star's from me fo' sho'!
<review# 2175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2008,9/6/2008,11,32,2,12,7>Strong breakfast/lunch only establishment.  Very good breakfasts.  Locals come to eat and linger over coffee and the newspaper.  Have yet to have anything bad here.  Lunch can be either off the menu, or you can order off the steam table which usually has 3 choices of entree, two veggies and a bare bones salad.  I am especially partial to the Chicken Fried Steak (which is tastier than it looks) and the Spaghetti (which has a strong Greek seasoning influence).Jacinto City is an inner loop speed trap so don't get too much in a hurry to get to your pancakes.
<review# 2176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2008,9/5/2008,14,13,,9,5>Growing and getting better daily, its the only place in Houston I've found to make anything near like the cafe cubanos I lived on in Miami. Makes me feel more at home, not to mention the growing menu and delightful sandwiches. Next door, their restaurant has so many wonderful selections- from seven ceviches to the mariscada- my new favorite. It is a seafood medley of clams, mussels, shrimp, scallops, and calamari in a saffron and coconut milk soup- takes me back to sitting in Spain sipping on sangria- which they also have and plenty of it at Inka.This is a must try and great for an evening out with friends.And the cafe is wonderful, they make real cream sodas homemade pastries.
<review# 2177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2007,9/4/2008,45,20,10,11,14>In my youth, the extent of my exposure to Mexican food included Taco Hell, the weekly enchilada tray in grade school, and maybe a rare visit to Ninfa's for the obligatory fajitas.  I was scarred.  (Though I still harbor delusions of one day sneaking back into Alief Middle School to stuff my face with chili and cheese-topped fried burritos.  But then, that's not really traditional Mexican food, is it?)I grew up, nary touching anything remotely Mexican/Tex-Mex, until I discovered taquerias - and that the food in said establishments did wonders for a booze-filled belly, not to mention tasting like the real thing.  And so the scars receded a little.Located in the Southeast corner of the parking lot behind Canino's farmer's market, I was introduced to the Tacambaro taco truck through a Robb Walsh review in The Houston Press.  Two words caught my attention and my eyes grew large with intrigue.  Mollejas (sweetbreads) y tripitas (tripe).  I have an unusual affection for organ meats - intestine, gizzard, heart, stomach, liver, tongue... so seeing those two things on the menu, "I was as happy as a little giiirl." (TM Sprockets)I immediately notice that everything is crazy fresh.  The organ meat is cut and fried on premises.  The masa flour for gorditas is patted around and slapped on the griddle two seconds after order.  This is no-frills, fast food done right.Rolled up in between two piping-hot corn tortillas (flour is for suckers) with diced onion, cilantro, and freshly squeezed lime juice, the mollejas were pretty damn good.  Slightly charred bits mingled with fluffier bits, the sweetbreads had barely a hint of the typical offal flavor.  And to be honest, I kind of missed it.  So thank goodness I ordered the soft and chewy tripe, because it was packin' a nice heap of offal-ness (not to be confused with awfulness).$8.50 for four tacos and a half liter of a citrus-y soft drink called Refresco, it wasn't as cheap as I thought it would be.  Although I didn't find the sweetbreads and tripe as revelatory as Walsh, you could hardly do worse than organ meat tacos for a late-morning breakfast.
<review# 2178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2008,9/3/2008,90,255,6,5,4>I should have known this would be a unique dining experience when, as I crossed the road and opened the door, a lady from the barber shop across the street asked me if I wanted to get my eyebrows shaved after I was done eating.  What????  I have no idea. Anyways, Soul on the Bayeaux is an authentic cajun restaurant that has outstanding and friendly service and even better gumbo.  I tell you what, order that gumbo.  You can't go wrong.  It has just the right amount of spice, and the ingredients are first-rate (especially the crab).The only weird thing (besides the eyebrow lady) was a guy playing DJ with a full music set up at lunch.  This place only seats 20 people, and 4 seats were being taken up by this strange occurrence.  It was loud, but it just made this place more fun in my book.Whatever you do, if you get a craving for ice cream after you eat here (unfortunately, I did), do NOT get ice cream from the weird shack across the street.  They served it to me in a styrofoam cup (they had clearly used the same scoop for peach ice cream before they scooped my vanilla - it tasted like fruit), and I had to eat it with a plastic fork.
<review# 2179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2007,9/1/2008,23,45,,5,2>My Houston Cantonese staple - how I miss you!  Never mind that you are the only place in this country I can get a meal of lobster with ginger and scallions, razor clams in black bean sauce, and whole fish with a perfectly authentic sweet and sour sauce for under $40.  Never mind that you has the bustling, well-loved atmosphere of my favorite Hong Kong seafood places.  Somehow I must learn to survive on the west coast without you...I haven't had too many bad Chinese meals in Bellaire but this is my favorite.  Vinh Hoa has the tanks brimming with edible sea life!  So you order a lobster/razor calms/fish and you know where it comes from.  Delicious, authentic and an utter steal.
<review# 2180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2008,8/31/2008,839,439,4,17,16>Almost two years ago, I had the unfortunate experience of having a child hospitalized for surgery. What started as a minor bump in her mouth turned into a cyst that was impeding her eating and needed to be surgically removed. I KNOW they do this all the time. I also don't care, cause it's my baby!! So I freaked out, wouldn't leave her side, and cried any time she wasn't watching. But the hospital, the nurses, the doctors and the volunteer staff were the nicest, sweeetest, most understanding people I have ever met!!First, the admitting staff and nurses were soo accomodating! One even helped by picking up some of my stuff when she had fallen asleep on me. They sent someone (a Child Specialist) to explain to her, in kid terms, what they were going to do. This really helped prepare her for the scans and IV. The C.S. gave her more stickers and colors too!Once we were finally admitted to the floor, they checked on us constantly. The floor had a family center with fridge, vending machines, phones, VCR/DVD, and extras that you really miss after several days away from home. Every floor also had a play room with a schedule so the kids who weren't contagious could visit after the toys were cleaned. This was very reassuring!! They even had one day in which I took her to a workshop. They let each child pick a stuffed animal and "doctor" it up. She picked a teddy bear and put bandaids where she had boo-boos. She still has him on her bed!! She was admitted just a few days after her 3rd birthday, and even though she already got her party, they showed up her second day there with a cake and balloons!! When they needed her to go somewhere else, for a scan or xray, she could ride in the wagon, which she loved!!One volunteer group of senior citizens even came through with three dogs for the kids to pet!! (as long as they were given doctor's approval). My daughter held the poodle and watched the huge Dalmatian perform tricks!This hospital is obviously kid-friendly, but it is also so well thought through that it even puts parents at ease!! I hope you never have to use it, but I feel better knowing that Houston has such a great children's hospital!!
<review# 2181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2008,8/30/2008,1,4,4,9,8>I just tried Crave's cupcakes for the first time today. Seating is very limited inside. I saw a few bar stools lining the front widow and about 2 or 3 outside tables.....parking is iffy. Luckily, I found a spot right in front of the prep window were you can see them making the cupcakes. The inside is very clean and 'sterile'....almost like an art gallery for cupcakes! Very minimalistic. Not very big inside.The staff appeared to be very young (under 25 age group). I'm hardly the 'uptown' type, but I was welcomed very warmly while wearing my capri's, t-shirt and flip flops. Damn, I remember when flip flops were called 'thongs' back in the day....**old**.....oh sorry, I got sidetracked....back to the cupcakes......I ordered one red velvet and one apple cinnamon. I attacked the apple first because I love anything made with apples. It was actually pretty good! It had real apple chunks in the batter. Like a previous reviewer said, the cake itself is dense.....very homemade. Moist, not dry....and the frosting was pretty good too! I tossed the little decorative sugar pellet that was on top though. ....gotta cut down on  calories you know (((not))). The red velvet was tasty as well. It wasn't as 'dense' as the apple but it was true to red velvet tradition. The cream cheese frosting could have been 'cheesier'? lol....but good nonetheless.Overall: Better than Sugarbaby's!!!!   : p    ...and that's sad because I really wanted to like Sugarbaby's : (
<review# 2182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2008,8/29/2008,13,25,2,6,6>I came here with a huge Rocket's fan not expecting much.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The food is typical of most Chinese restaurants, but well prepared.  I like the basil beef.  The portions are enormous (maybe Yao could eat that much in one meal, but it's works out to about three meals for me).  The food is served hot and fresh.  The service is attentive but not in your face.The decor in the dining room is pretty standard, but the bar is really nice.  A nice place to catch a game.
<review# 2183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2008,8/28/2008,170,49,11,18,12>Seeing as I have only been to one other soul food restaurant, I don't know if I am the most qualified person to be placing a review on soul food.  However, I'll give it a go.First off, the service is second to none at this place.  The staff was very inviting, playful and raring to give samples.  I had no clue what an oxtail was and they tried their very best (bless their souls!! - no pun intended; or was there?) to explain it to me even though I left with the image of a fat cow's tail.  Also, a vagrant walked in and started talking to my associate and me while we were eating... there are quite a few homeless people in the immediate area and they hang outside the door... needless to say, the staff PROMPTLY asked him to go outside as he smelled rather badly.  To top it off, they brought us toothpicks, more napkins (and you'll need them!!) and refilled our drinks without us having to ask.Now to the food.  Aside from being a heart attack waiting to happen, it's fantastic.  It's all the stuff that your doctor tells you not to eat and in BIG portions.  The oxtails (whatever they are) were so tender and flavorful.. Mmm!  The mac n' cheese was second to none and the greens were to die for!  I also had mashed potatoes, 40-weight gravy and cornbread.  Let me just say that I left fuller than most Hollywood types are of themselves.  All-in-all... go here!
<review# 2184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2008,8/27/2008,69,44,3,7,4>This place has your basic sports fields, jogging track, a pretty darn cool playground, and a duck pond. But really, how many parks can boast all that AND a menagerie of hooved and feathered critters? There's a walkway in front of about 10 fenced enclosures housing a collection of buffalo, antelope, deer, donkeys, sheep, goats, and emus. The animals weren't doing much, but it *was* in the 50's and windy that day, so that's to be expected. They all looked well-fed and well cared for and the enclosures were clean and well-maintained. The enclosures weren't set up for petting, which was probably good, since there was nowhere convenient to wash clean your hands.Past those enclosures there's several free-standing enclosures where the birds lived. The owls were chilling up in the corners while their mousey dinners sat on the enclosure floor. Lots of the enclosures were empty, but the inhabitants were found at the end in a big heated enclosure (where else are you going to find a dove, an African grey parrot, and peacocks in the same cage?The duck pond was pretty cool. Half of it was fenced off so the birds could have some space (from enthusiastic kiddos?) and the other half was good for feeding. The ducks were friendly and the geese where surprisingly unaggressive.We went on a Sunday and the place was pretty packed, but not uncomfortably so.Overall, pretty cool for a stroll.
<review# 2185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2008,8/26/2008,70,186,3,7,5>Make your own wine!I would have never heard of this place if it wasn't nestled between my two guilty pleasures, coffee and ice cream (Dietrich's and Marble Slab).Despite the strip mall exterior, the decor inside is like a quaint Italian villa, which is actually pretty charming, but I know you just want to here about the wine.  And as far as ambience goes, fairly generic for a wine bar (and maybe a little too well-lit and a little too many throw-back singles from the 90s... unless you like your Pinot grigio with Gangsta's Paradise)We were the only ones there (on a weeknight) and were absolutely pampered, but I felt guilty that we were just there to drink and not eat the over-priced food (only eventually giving in when the munchies hit, and we needed bread to cleanse our palate between tastings).  First we sampled practically all the white wines on the menu to decide which one we all wanted to make since it was too expensive/too much wine for one person.  Each tasting consisted of mini-samplings of 3 different wines for  the cost of one glass (~$8), and between 9 of us were covered alot of ground and shared a lot of germs.  After picking a wine the wine master took us to the back area where we got to "help" make our specific flavor.  No grape stomping, but adding ingredients to a large bucket which is then stored for 6 weeks until your wine is ready to be bottled.  This was the best part, because our wine guru was a great teacher, very entertaining and informative, and didn't make you feel stupid when you weren't stirring properly just because you don't know how to use a whisk at home.  This guy's fund of knowledge really made the difference between coming there vs. just buying a bucket and kit to make at home.When you're done you can get back to drinking, or go home and wait for your new baby to be bottled.   Our batch made ~28 bottles for ~$300 (not including everything we drank that night).   You even make your own labels, and we saw that many people and companies are using their wine as a theme gift for parties.Overall one of the most unique birthday parties I've attended, and I'm very happy with my personalized wine.  Hope this place catches on and isn't empty next time around.
<review# 2186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2008,8/25/2008,19,93,3,4,4>I feel sort of like a traitor to my beloved Berripop having been to the new Swirll twice now, but I swear it's only because it's been on my way home.  The only other advantage is that it's slightly cheaper paying by the ounce.  Since it's self-serve I may just dispense some directly into my mouth when they're not looking.They really aren't deviating from the "trendy frozen yogurt shop" decor though.  Bright colors: check.  Modern furniture: check.  Whatever, it still tastes good.
<review# 2187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2008,8/24/2008,18,39,6,5,8>C'mon, people, stop your whining.  The quality of the food you are getting at Central Market makes the questionable layout of the store worth the frustration.  I think all of these negative reviews about the place are making people try the store with a defeatist attitude - go in feeling confident that you CAN indeed conquer the labyrinth within, and you will emerge triumphant.  The salespeople will be eager to help you navigate.  While there's no set way to get through to the end, my advice would be to hit up the following stops:- The seafood section.  If it ain't fresh, they won't sell it.  And the selection is awesome (my family loves seafood, so whether we're craving clams, mussels, crabs, lobsters, or a hard to find fish, there's a good chance they have it).- The same goes for the fruit/veggies/produce.  I'm not lying when I say that you actually get excited to eat all the healthy stuff when picking it out, it's that fresh.- I was going to figure out another way to phrase it, for fear of sounding like a fatass, but I LOVE CHEESE.  And not just your typical cheddar or parmesan, but all the weird French, smelly ones, with mold or black truffles and strange, hard to pronounce names.  And Central Market has the best selection of cheeses in town, hands down, and the staff that works there is so nice that if you mention that one of your friends recommended "one that looks like brie but has a blue line running through it", they will look and look until they find the one you meant.- A good beer/wine selection, if you don't really have time to go to Spec's before making dinner.- The free sample stands scattered throughout the store.  I think that whoever designed the layout knew that people would get exhausted and would need sustenance while shopping.- Everything else.  Honestly, there is something unique and different in almost every section.  And you don't have to be an expert foodie to pick out something good.- The stuff in the premade food section is all pretty good.  They have a portabella mushroom pasta that is phenomenal, in addition to some herb grilled shrimp (although these are a little pricy).  They have a wide variety of soups, some better than others.  I would stay away from the sushi.So yes, navigating the place is a little complicated.  But this is a place for a determined shopper - the faint of heart can go to Rice across the street.
<review# 2188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2008,8/23/2008,62,225,3,8,7>We were by far the youngest folks in the room, but that is fine by me.  We were seated promptly and given the option of a banquette or a table, the banquette was just straight across, so you were sitting right next to each other, quite an odd set up and definitely not for me.  Love that they give you time to settle in before handing you a menu and that the specials are printed out daily on their own separate menu.  The wines by the glass selection was wonderful, they even had a great Brunello as an option.I opted to start with the lobster bisque and try the flounder special.  Hubby had the short ribs ravioli and the Osso Bucco.  The bisque was overwhelmingly rich and I shouldn't have eaten the whole bowl, but I did, making me too full to finish my flounder.  They gave us the option of preordering a souffle for dessert, which we did because we had seen them go by earlier and they looked amazing.  I think everyone in the place had the souffle.  The Osso Bucco was perfectly done and the presentation of the huge steak knife was wasted, it didn't need one at all.  I was too full of the bisque to try the truffle mac n' cheese, but I have some to try in my take out container.The ginormous souffle arrived with fresh berries on this metal tree sculpture, with sugar, whipped cream and chocolate sauce.  They plated us each a piece of the souffle and took the other half away.  I wonder what happens to all the half eaten souffles?  Does the staff get to enjoy them?  They cannot possibly be thrown out, can they?  There was a whole lot of wasted souffle going around.I nearly forgot my to go of my flounder because they leave it at the front desk for you, right as we got into the car my husband remembered and retrieved it for me.  So now I have flounder and crabmeat for lunch today...yum!Only one odd thing from the evening, the first person who placed my napkin on my lap came uncomfortably close to groping me.  It was the strangest thing.
<review# 2189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2008,8/22/2008,419,749,8,10,10>My first experience with Phoenicia Deli came when my dad brought home some leftover hummus from his lunch at work.  I.  Was.  Hooked.  It was the most delightful substance I'd ever tasted.  Like Cory, I thank my lucky stars there's not a closer location because I'd be squandering my money there every day.Don't let the strip mall location fool you...there is genuine goodness inside this place.  Though my dad swears it's hoppin' at lunchtime, when I met a friend for dinner it was super dead.  It's okay...I'm not going way way wayyyy the frick out of town to chat with strangers.  Decently big place with a fairly large amount of table space and an outdoor patio.  The pita is grab-your-own at a station to the side, so don't complain that they didn't include any pita in your hummus order like I did (it's right behind you, dork).  The place closes up shop at 8 (feels super early for this spoiled inner-looper) so get in early if you want to eat there.The food is totally topnotch, so the only thing that's preventing me from giving the final star was the very odd order-taker who looked at me like I had two heads when I asked for a Heineken with my meal.  I don't know if he thought it was weird for a woman to want a beer with her shwarma and hummus, or if I'm just not used to the 'burbs (In Montrose we drink with BREAKFAST, for cripes' sake), but it was still a tasty experience.
<review# 2190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2008,8/21/2008,219,206,2,6,7>Empire has good everything. Good Coffee? checkGood Pizza? checkGreat Daily specials? Double checkFull bar? CheckWhat I usually get: If I want a salad I go for either the chicken pasta salad, or the pollo insalada. Both are wonderful. If I go there for brunch then I get the Sunday special because it's always phenomenol!Yes, yes, it's clear that i'm a fan of Empire Cafe. But you want to know the real reason I love this place? HALF PRICE CAKE NIGHT! Yes that's right folks... every monday you can go and get yourself a slice of heaven for half the price! They have delicious, huge offerings for you to enjoy, and the selection of cake has got to be in the 20s or more. Do note that empire is just one of  your neighborhood casual coffee shops with good food at a reasonable price. Nothing more, and nothing less.
<review# 2191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2007,8/20/2008,0,5,,3,2>Movies the Store,has sprung up from the ashes of the Cactus Music and Video Store, infusing the Montrose area with a desperately needed independent and personable video rental store.  The owner, Rob, always offers great suggestions and his enthusiasm for film will capture you.  The late fees are super cheap and the prices are comparable to any of the big brand rental stores.  The selection may be limited, but all of the choices on offer are superb, and the comfortable and good smelling atmosphere will keep you coming back.
<review# 2192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2007,8/19/2008,17,10,2,4,5>Go in and order a Stanky Whore. You'll be glad you did.The pizza isn't the draw here, it's the hours, hence the name, but they have some specialty pizzas that are great. If you're a standard peperoni/cheese person, their pizza is nothing special, but if you're ready for an Italian Stallion, you're set.I must warn you though, this place has its drawbacks. Service is slow and sometimes rude, parking is almost nonexistent, and at peak times (past midnight)  you will often have to wait for a booth or a table to open up. If you go in expecting this, though, you will have a great time. Beer and pizza, open (very) late. What could be better?!
<review# 2193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2007,8/18/2008,11,111,,7,3>Opened only a week, definitely take a look, then a drink, followed by a snack, and, if you can, a meal!Extensive wine list, (you can also buy bottles at a discount), excellent food, upscale ambiance, good service. I had a fresh arugula and baby lettuce salad with tangy goat  cheese, pistachios, and a bright vinaigrette. Excellent. The duck cognac pate was tasty, two mustards spicy, with crunchy cornichons. The beef tenderloin was TENDER, easily cut with a knife (almost no pressure applied), a high quality piece of meat.Beware - the bread is stale french baguette. Maybe they'll improve on it.Second beware, potentially long food waits as Sovino is working out the kinks in their first month. The steak entree took more than an hour to exit the kitchen. But in the meantime we were treated to a glass of wine to compensate, (multiple apologies), and a taste of an Oregon pinot noir I was eyeing to compare with the Argentinian bottle I bought.Ambience is glitzy wine bar: antique persian rugs on the walls, boughs of flowers, wood bar, and a private dining area. Wine is served in Riedel glasses.  Unfortunately, with no sound paneling I'm not sure what the noise level will be when packed - but I'll be there to find out!
<review# 2194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2007,8/17/2008,229,684,3,3,3>First things first: You do not want  to eat anytime during the day before you come here. Period. Maybe a morning snack to keep the hunger away, but that's it. Now comes the meat. It swirls around you, like the waiters are in a ballet.. a meaty, meaty ballet. You flip the card over to the green side, and there they are, instantaneously, offering more than 9 different kinds of meat. You flip the card back over to the red side, saying halt, halt the magical inundation. The sides they bring to the table are spectacular, a cheesy muffin, mashed potatoes. The salad bar in the middle provides just enough green offerings that you feel you're not just consuming all meat. And just when you start to consider the fact you may not have to eat for at least a day, because you are stuffed to capacity with meat.. the dessert menu arrives.Go for it.
<review# 2195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2008,8/16/2008,15,38,6,9,7>I love Marefreless.  Of course, it used to have a slightly sleezy reputation for being a notorious make-out bar, but it has long since outgrown that reputation, a relic of the 90s.  That's not to say that making out doesn't occur here (because it does), it's just that's not what the bar is ABOUT.  Plus, if you want to avoid that scene entirely, just stay downstairs, it's as easy as that.  Speaking of the downstairs, that's where I exclusively spend my time (*sigh* not necessarily by choice).  In simple terms, the bar is just plain nice--soothing ambiance, just the right amount of lighting, and a seating arrangement that (for once) make sense at a bar.  It's a great place to bring a group of maybe 4-6 people looking for a nice place to have a drink and quiet conversation.  That said, it's not the kind of place you go to get rowdy and obnoxious; the whole thing is about discretion.  The bar usually isn't overly crowded, but has a nice "critical mass" of people.  I don't think there's a dress code, although most people look like they've put some effort into going out.  The service is good, and most of the bartenders are pleasant, especially if its not too busy.  When it does get busy, though, the cocktail waitresses definitely look a bit flustered, but it's not something to take personally.  The drink prices are rather expensive, although they make some damn fine drinks.  Parking is usually easy to find (especially since Sherlock's moved across the street), but the one knock on the place is its criminal lack of adequate restroom facilities.  Like I said, I love Marfreless--when I'm looking for some place nice without having to be surrounded by pretentious shiny shirts wearing square toed shoes (ugh!), this is where I go.
<review# 2196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2008,8/15/2008,40,58,,9,4>I go to Canino's all the time for my vegetables, especially when making a big soup.  Their dried beans, nuts and dried fruit are great and they even have stone ground wheat flour and corn meal.  There are great relatively local products towards the back like honey and preserves.  A lot of the produce is from Texas and Mexico.Behind Canino's is the farmer's market.  I have gotten the BEST avocados I've ever tasted in my life.  I have also found tomatoes that taste like candy and seedless watermelon that was really good.  In front of Caninos they will have the very seasonal things, sometimes plants.  Today I bought jalapeno and tomato plants for the garden.  And they were shelling pecans for you in machines on the spot.  I love it here.  Parking is hard and the lot is laid out very awkwardly.
<review# 2197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2008,8/14/2008,50,207,,7,4>What an absolutely fabulous venue! First off, the front of the building looks great, I think, and is clearly marked Sarofim Hall and Zilkha Hall, so you don't get confused as to where you are.The parking is easy to find -- the entrance is clearly marked, and the elevator takes you right downstairs so you can walk around to the front of the building. When you go inside, the ticket counter is right up front.We went to see Sweeney Todd yesterday (part of Broadway Across America) in Sarofim Hall. First off, I think Sarofim is beautiful inside -- I've seen some great photographs taken of it. Secondly, the seats are incredibly comfortable.We were sitting in the Lower Orchestra, facing the left side of the stage, and we had a perfect view of the whole performance! (There was plenty of room for our legs, too, since we were at the front of the row!)I was also incredibly pleased with the bathroom -- basically, the line moved so fast that there was absolutely no wait! The stalls were clean and well-kept, and the sinks were also clean.The only qualm I had was after going to the bathroom, we walked up the stairs and ended up on the Mezzanine, not the Lower Orchestra. That was a bit confusing -- we had to take the elevator for it to make sense.All in all, I thought the building was a fabulous venue, especially for the bathroom. Kudos to any building that can keep the ladies restroom moving at a rapid-fire pace!
<review# 2198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2008,8/13/2008,18,39,8,6,6>With great fear and excitement, I found myself driving to Avant Garden for the February edition of Dr. Sketchy.  I was peer pressured into knowing about it (and going) by two fellow Yelpers who shall remain nameless (because I say so).But why fear and excitement, you ask?  Well, not only did I have to go meet new people (what if they all laugh at me?!?!?) but I would actually attempt to draw for the first time since The Bad Year when I worked for an art gallery and stopped producing art at a regular rate.  So I knew I would suck and just how bad was what caused the fear.  The excitement was because I was jumping back in to art.So, Dr. Sketchy is everything that those before me have said.  Avant Garden is indeed an great place due to the natural light and elevated vista.  It also is a great place for socializing and the beats and beer (for me) were indeed flowing.  All pluses so far, right?  Enter drawing time and Trevor's brain.  Bad.  Sad.  Angry.You know those books that are always on sale at the bookstore or (gasp) grocery store with titles such as "Cat Art" or "Creative Cats"?  You flip through them, laugh at the dumb person who wrote it, and say, "that is not art."  Well, those cats have mad skills compared to the graphite nothingness that was transferred from my pencil to my pad.  I was ashamed, I was frustrated, I was bitter.  Basically, I was me on a normal day, only a little worse.It was here that the jovial and social nature of Dr Sketchy worked against me.  I was uncomfortable with the seating/table/sketch pad setup and could never get it right.  As more people came I felt a little more crowded and was distracted by the socializing that was going on.  I ended up leaving unsatisfied.  As I have suggested, though, this is a result of me and not Dr. Sketchy.  As such, if you are a normal person (such as everyone else who has reviewed it) go and you will have fun.  It is really a great atmosphere.  For "the normals" Dr Sketchy is 5 stars.If you are a sick, sad person such as I, it is about half a star.  For me that averages to a four star review (huh?).Fear not, though, I will attend again because it is an event and concept and activity that I support with every fiber of my silly being.  It has at the very least gotten me back into thinking about actually producing something again and for that I just might be thankful.Wow, I write too much.
<review# 2199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2008,8/12/2008,84,58,1,12,10>This is not Tex-Mex, people.  This is REAL Mexican fare (or so I've been told)!I popped into Tila's with a group of about 10 friends last night for a late dinner and was immediately impressed.  Our reservation was for 11, but the table ahead of us (large parties are often times hard to seat) had been sitting there for over 3.5 hours - a good sign, in my opinion.  We walked up to the hostess stand and the nicest lady greets us and immediately apologizes that it may be another couple of minutes.  Normally, I would be pretty annoyed that a reservation didn't seat on time, but she was so nice and offered to take our drink orders immediately and get the evening started.  Later, I find out this is actually Tila herself.  Anyways, long story short, she bent over backwards to make us feel welcome before we even sat down.  Appetizers: We had the ceviche, guacamole, marinated shrimp and the standard chips/salsa that are bought to each table.  Right off the bat, I was VERY impressed with the freshness of the food.  I am a huge fan of avocados and the guacamole was some of the best I have had in Houston.  The ceviche, with shrimp, halibut, spices and avocados was definitely the best I've had while in Texas.  The marinated shrimp were a huge hit as well.  Chips and salsa are often times the first impression that you get of a place.  I'm happy to report that they have some fantastic red and green sauce along with very light and crispy chips.  I could eat these all day, but I decided to try the rest of the dishes as well.  The chips go great with the nothing short of divine ceviche!Main Course: After Tila (yes, she actually took our whole order as well) went through a long list of specials, my attention was completely distracted from the outstanding menu.  I opted for one of the great specials she mentioned as she is quite the storyteller.  She made them sound so great!  Tila did not disappoint; my blackened Chilean Sea Bass with creamed spinach and black beans was excellent!  The flavor was not too powerful and the texture was amazing.  Fish can be a very hard dish to prepare well.  Tila had not problem tackling the task.  The creamed spinach was very good and the black beans didn't taste too heavy or like they had lard in them. Some of my friends had various dishes and they were equally as delighted.  I am not sure how often she runs the blackened sea bass special, but this is a must try if you're a fish lover!Drinks: The pomegranate, mango and raspberry margaritas were a hit with many in the group.  I however opted for a mojito and was again pleasantly surprised.  The drink was light and fresh and had a lot of mint (which I asked for).  It was not too sweet and had a decent amount of rum in it.  Service: Throughout the meal, service was impeccable.  Having Tila drop by occasionally along with the wait staff gave it a truly local home-style feel which very few places execute as well as Tila's does.  Water was constantly topped off and people were asked if they wanted another round of drinks as they were preparing to finish their current one.  Not too early, not too late.Overall, I cannot rave enough about Tila's.  If you are in the neighborhood with friends or out of town guests, this is a must.  I've lived in Houston for 2 years and this is my first time here.  You can be assured, I will be back here more and more often!  Food pricing is reasonable and a huge if you consider the quality of food and service you are getting.  Portion sizes are just right as well which is very refreshing for this type of restaurant.  One note, this is not the same as TEALA'S which is also quite good and close to this location.  Tila's is on Shepherd right before you get to Dallas.  There is nothing like this place in Houston.  This is truly a gem of "Clutch City."
<review# 2200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2008,8/11/2008,251,713,2,5,3>When I pulled into the parking lot and saw the door I was reminded a little of 70s sleaze gone a little gothic.  I think it was the arched doorway mostly.  Anyway, once I entered, I was completely blown away.  Oh yes, mostly by the volume of the music, but also it was not the seedy dirty grungy bar I was expecting to see from the short trip from my car.  Really darkly lit (or is that intimately lit), great couches, friendly staff.  Once my eyes adjusted, I noticed the pictures/paintings on the walls.  Most, if not all (again, it was dark) were absinthe-related.  Nice touch.  I recommend the Dark and Stormy if you've never had one.  It's ginger beer and rum.  More of a winter drink, but tasty.  Again, to bring up the volume of music factor, my friends and I had to keep repeating what we were saying to each other...and we weren't speaking quietly, either.
<review# 2201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2008,8/9/2008,302,474,5,8,11>Houston Astros were the 30th team on my 5-year, 30-city tour.  (Drumroll, please).  So, Minute Maid Park had a lot to live up to; after all, I was comparing it to every other ballpark I've ever visited.  I am happy to say, it did not disappoint.First of all, when it's 95 degrees outside, what could be better than a giant air-conditioned baseball park with a closed retractable roof?  You mean I could stay cool and watch a major league baseball game?  When it's so hot outside, I'd be happy watching cockroach racing inside an air conditioned outhouse.  This was paradise!I sat 25 rows behind home plate, and the views were awesome.  The fans seemed to show more interest in following the Chik-fil-A cow around the stadium than in the game itself.  Fans were very nice and talkative, but did not seem particularly knowledgeable.The ballpark truly offers a homerun experience.  Boy, every fly ball has a chance of going out, and the people crowd the Crawford boxes in anticipation of homeruns.  The weird looking centerfield hill with a flag pole in the middle looks as ridiculous in real life as it does on TV.  Minute Maid Park (nee Enron Field) wins the prize for having the nicest, most helpful ushers in the major leagues.  Sorry, Cincinnati and St. Louis, we have a new champion.  I had never seen so many people smile genuinely and offer their help until I visited Minute Maid Park.  I felt very welcome and very comfortable at an unfamiliar ballpark.Plenty of parking is available in the area.  $20 parking lot is a 1/2 block walk from home plate.  Bargain shoppers can park for $7-9 a couple blocks behind centerfield bleachers.  Very reasonable, I think.The barbecue beef sandwich I got at the ballpark was disappointing.  I thought it was safe to go with BBQ in Texas anywhere, even at the ballpark.  Opt for a regular hot dog instead.
<review# 2202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2008,8/8/2008,13,15,1,6,6>How pizza turned into the pizza huts and dominos of today I will never know.  If dolce vita is what pizza was meant to be, I have been sorely missing out.  We were so intrigued by the appetizers we almost missed the pizza!  I just had to try the horseradish beets! Even the table of sweet strangers next to us had to warn us what we were getting into!  In case you get a particularly horseradishy beet, prepare your sinuses; but we like that sort of thing and it hit the spot. The expectation did not disappoint!  We also finished up the appetizers with roasted cauliflower, a mild complement to the beets, and the shredded brussel sprouts (glorified, yet cheesy and therefore tasty, cole slaw).  I wanted to try the blood orange prosecco but they were out!  I had the bellini instead and it was so good!  The other girls had the yummy Italian sangria!Unfortunately, the kitchen was backed up and our pizza didn't come out until like 30 minutes later; theyre lucky it was night with the girls and we can talk for hours and not be phased.  We had the prosciutto arugula pizza, it was so lip-smacking with the red pepper and parm, oh and that ultra thin crust makes you feel like youre not wasting calories on carbs!  Wait staff was very attentive, he checked on us multiple times and the valet was very accommodating -- although we did shut down the joint so there wasn't a wait anyway!Great experience, minor hiccups, but they recovered the evening nicely.
<review# 2203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2008,8/7/2008,22,27,2,7,5>This has been reviewed so many times that I hesitate to add my own review - it seems this is one of those destinations everyone has tried!  It might seem odd giving 5 stars to a House of Pies - after all, this is an establishment with about as much atmosphere and ambiance as Denny's - but it succeeds at what it sets out to be.All the food I've ever had here has been satisfying and good.  A wide menu selection of all kinds of meals.  It's open 24 hrs.  Very inexpensive.  Casual and informal.  Servers with nerves of steel.  And the strawberry rhubarb pie is to die for!  What more could you want?
<review# 2204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2008,8/6/2008,421,351,4,4,7>Caritas Ranch Bar-B-QWow for airport food this is pretty darn good. I got the chopped beef BBQ sandwich. Not very big but it just melted in my mouth. The beef was very flavorful and super tender. The BBQ sauce was tasty and even the bun was soft and yummy. Next time you are in terminal C at the Houston airport you owe it to yourself to look this place up.
<review# 2205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2008,8/4/2008,68,101,4,10,7>Looking to make that permanent change to your beloved flesh that you can never take back? Well, your in luck. Amazing tattoo is the place to go!When I was looking for a place to get some ink done I had 3 things in mind:1) Cleanliness2) Artist Skill3) Cleanliness (don't want to get the Hepatitis)You can get all this at Amazing tattoo. I have had two artist work on me, Dustin and Rick, both did a great job.It may be a little pricy but money is the one thing you need not worry about when you are getting something that will stay with you indefinitely.
<review# 2206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2008,8/2/2008,120,129,5,10,7>Thank the good Lo', Houston, because a decent, ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT Sushi buffet has finally arrived!!!  A Dallas-transplant, Tokyo One is one of the first all-you-can-eat sushi buffets that I've ever tried in Texas, and they've made sure they've stayed popular and one of the best after all these years.  I believe this sushi place used to be called Dozo, but perhaps was bought by the popular Dallas joint and transformed it to what us Dallasites have come to love and enjoy for all these years.  I was impressed by my first view of the restaurant.  The restaurant was surrounded by a moat, and there was a wooden deck for outside seating, and a very nice cautionary note saying "deck may be slippery when wet."  I felt like I going to dine in a fancy boat house of some sort.  We arrived around 8:30 with the front lounge full of people, but we barely had time to make our seats warm when we were summoned by the hostess.  The place was wonderfully decorated.  The buffet lines were not in just one straight line; rather, it was divided up into 2 sections: one part for the sushi, one part for the stir-fried noodles, fried rice, soup, ramen, and udon made to order, and one part for the cooked goods and a stand-alone island for desserts, salads, and fruits.  We were seated in a booth where we could see a small bamboo garden outside with a small pond (but no koi or turtles to watch us dine).  That said, despite how wonderfully decorated and classy looking this place was (it didn't even resemble a buffet place), I couldn't help but feel like I was eating in a large Chinese cafeteria.  Almost everyone there was Chinese and spoke in Mandarin (or for the hardcore ones--only Taiwanese), and the acoustics of the place just amplified all that (it's a large dining hall so kind of hard to avoid that).  That still didn't deter me from getting my eat on.  The place is awesome.  All you can eat sashimi, very creative rolls, made-to-order udon or ramen, grilled seabass and stir-fried crab, baked oysters (for those of you who swing that way), and the most delicious creme brulee I've ever had...oy!  Needless to say we were round-balls by the time we left and rolled ourselves home...  You can also get hot pot (or shabu shabu) included for your dinner and on weekends, plus you may choose to end  your wonderful meal with either green tea or red bean ice cream.  I also saw the chef cut the fish to make fresh sashimi on several of my return trips to the buffet line, and they handmade the rice that goes underneath the nigiri (I know their competitor in Dallas does not--they use a rice rolling machine).  The quality of the fish wasn't the best of the best, but still pretty damn good (and maybe even better than some of those sit down places).  I had the chance to taste the red snapper that was just freshly cut off the fish and it was fantastic.  So move over, Todai, and Kirin, you're just a sorry joke, period!  Thank God, Houston, it's about time.P.S.  The website says weekend dinner prices are $26.99--not for the Houston location...it was only $21.99!  Even more reasons to rejoice!P.P.S.  Their website also says there's gonna be one closer to Willowbrook mall...(7465 W Greens Rd, FYI)...AWESOME!!!  :D
<review# 2207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2008,8/1/2008,48,43,2,9,7>The aptly named Be'wiched Bistro lives up to it's name sake. Something magical is happening at this cute little bistro and it's guaranteed that enchanted customers will squeal with delight upon the first nibble, sip or bite of their dish.I was introduced to this restaurant not by a gang of giggling gals but by my male co-workers who couldn't stop ranting and raving about the food. When they told me it was located next door to the Cookie Jar, I laughed out loud because the first thing that popped into my head was "frilly" and "girly" and I couldn't understand why a bunch of scruffy looking guys would be so "bewitched" by a sandwich shop. After my first visit, I understood why a pack guys could fall in love with this place.The sweetness of their decor is balanced by the seriousness of their food. Their entire menu is an exercise in simplicity. Fresh ingredients and interesting flavor profiles give simple menu items such as soups, sandwiches, pizzas or salads a new and interesting twist. Along with that, the servings are generous and you won't leave hungry.I've had the opportunity to try the Pumpkin Lobster Bisque, the Leek and Roquefort Cheese Quiche, the Turkey and Brie Sandwich, Prosciutto Wrapped Dates and the Leek and Potato Soup and I'm happy to say that every single item was absolutely fantastic. The menu is reasonably priced ($6-$13 I believe) which is outstanding when you consider the quality... and how can you not love that!Who knew magic could taste this good?  :p  So don't wait too long before you go. I  have a feeling that Be'wiched Bistro's spell will soon have all of Montrose lining up at the door for their fabulous food.
<review# 2208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2008,7/31/2008,6,10,,6,4>This place is great.  It may not be as fancy as some of the downtown sushi resturants but the taste is well worth it.  The owners are very nice people and always make you feel at home.They have a special kind of fish flown in from Hawaii called Wa-Lu.  It is a white fish that is almost sweet.  Try the Wa-lu roll as it is topped with strawberries and absolutly amazing.  Ask for an item not on the menu such as the volcano roll and watch them take a blow torch to the plate to finish this roll off.Does not have a full bar yet as they just acquired their liquor license but they do have beer and saki.Hands down one of my favorite sushi resturants ever.
<review# 2209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2007,7/30/2008,120,112,2,6,5>I have a few special friends that I meet with two or three times a year.  Since we missed my usual birthday get together (usually involving Zimm's) we opted to Christmas shop and have margaritas at Town and Country Village.  Actually, have margaritas and then shop.  It's Christmas, right?Escalante's was chosen by mere geography; however, the empanadas and the spinach, shrimp and mushroom quesadillas were a nice foil to our focus on a shopping buzz.  You must understand, Friend # One is a financial planner.  She does not spend a penny without good reason and needs a little lubrication before she shops.  I, of course, was happy to be her partner in "crime".  (Now that I think of it, she didn't buy anything after all.  Guess I didn't do my job as a bad influence.)We sat on the patio, right by the fountain.  The service was consistent.  The food was better than average.  I enjoyed dining here despite my boredom with Tex-Mex.Starving Football Player was along for the ride and had a delicious Pollo Pechuga with Monterey Cheese, Mushrooms and Onions.  He shared (not usual) and the chicken was perfectly cooked.  As I've said in other reviews, one's opinion of an establishment can be somewhat tainted by the company we keep.  Friend # One (Sultry-Latina-Financial-Planner) tends to make any place a good place to be.  Intelligent conversation and a biting sense of humor can alleviate the worst dining experiences.  Fortunately, Escalante's holds its own without the benefit of good company.  Having SLFP along simply made a good meal better than average.All in all, I liked Escalante's.  It isn't perfection, but it's good.
<review# 2210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2008,7/29/2008,5,21,,8,7>I have been so anxious to give this real bbq a try... Now as a yankee, who has moved to Texas, I have fallen in love with bbq, and can't get enough.  At Burn's, I got the ribs, and my hubby got the brisket sandwich.  The ribs were definately the favorite, I was covered in sauce and got every bit of meat off those bones.  It was sooo good, and true comfort food for the soul.  There is nothing fancy about this place and there is no seating other than the picnic tables outside, but there is nothing better than these ribs.  The hardest part was keeping myself from tearin into them while I was on my way home in the car.The only reason I gave this place a 4 and not a 5 is because they were out of all side dishes when we went, and I was bummed, because I have heard their potato salad and baked beans rock.  I guess that is a testament to how busy they stay throughout the day.  There is always a line, but so worth it.  Great Q, Great Sauce, Simply delicious!
<review# 2211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2008,7/28/2008,25,31,4,6,5>This is why I love Texas....or Mexico. Now, I am a lady with a fine taste in Mexican food and La Guadalupana is where it's at. There is NO REASON anyone should ever be duped into paying more than $10 a plate at a Mexican restaurant. I mean, it's gotta be the cheapest genre of food around. How much do tortillas, beans, tomatoes, and jalapenos cost? If you're paying more than $10 per plate, you're a sucker with too much money. La Guadalupana is the perfect example of what authentic Mexican food should taste like at an appropriate cost. I live in Austin and make semi-frequent trips to "inner-loop" Houston to visit my special man-friend who also has impeccable taste when it comes to cheap dining. One day whilst taking a leisurely stroll down Dunlavy street a fateful discovery was made. The skies opened up, the golden rays of the sun shone down, a choir of angels sang....Behold the wonders of La Gaudalupana! My life was forever changed. Everything I have had here is so good. The chips and salsa are free, plentiful, and amazing. The chips aren't too thin or too thick. Just right. There is a green salsa and red salsa which are both savory. As a vegetarian I have tried the meatless Migas....mmmmmmmm....order some of that shit. So good and so fresh. Another favorite is the Semita Quesilla sandwich and the flan. I have experience many a nasty flan and La Guadalupana's flan is mouth-watering. Perfectly smooth and creamy! Even if I am full and totally not hungry I'll eat their flan. Damn, I wish I was in Houston now...For you meat eaters out there...my boyfriend usually gets something meaty and he loves it. So don't think I'm not representing equally. The owner's name is Mr. Diaz and he always call my boyfriend and I "my friends"....How delightfully cute right? Yeah yeah...Anyway, if you call yourself a true lover of authentic Mexican fare, get yourself over to Dunlavy and Indiana street....you won't be sorry.
<review# 2212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2008,7/27/2008,321,372,16,17,14>Skip the tram ride, and paying to get in...go to the rocket garden and see all the rockets for free. Stop by the front and take pictures of the airplanes. For free. Get eaten alive by a large ant that happens to attack you while taking pictures of airplanes. For free! If you give the information desk your drivers license, you get a 45 minute pass to the Space Center. For free. You even get your license back at the end of it. Only thing I couldn't get out of...paying the $5.00 for parking to get to the Space Center. Drat it. Almost free...except for the shot glass, post cards, magnets, dehydrated ice cream and err...other items I err...purchased. Uh...ya. Still fun and edumicational though. And almost almost free!
<review# 2213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2008,7/26/2008,251,723,,7,6>My in-laws chose this place for our rehearsal dinner.  It was a really nice option if you want a room for a small gathering.  I think there was a $1500 minimum, but otherwise, not too many other restrictions *ahem* t'afia *ahem*.  No extra charges/fees/minimum for the room or the waitstaff or the valet or alcohol.  The service was great and they handled our party of about 32 pretty smoothly, pouring wine and drinks and taking our orders.  The food was very good with beautiful presentation and good portion sizes that weren't too big or too small.  My garlic shrimp was very good.  And the desserts were delish!  Both the creme brulee and chocolate cake were perfect.  I didn't want a pretentious place to have the rehearsal dinner and with all the money we spent on the wedding, I didn't want the in-laws to spend a lot of money on this, but I think they wanted an established place with a private room.  This was not pretentious and they were great, especially with my cousins' kids (flower girl, her sister, and the ringbearer) running around like crazy.  Only downside was having to valet (but they validated tickets for our guests) and my out-of-town guests had trouble finding it since it's in a weird spot off Shepherd.
<review# 2214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2008,7/24/2008,171,66,5,9,8>When I used to work odd hours and had Tuesdays off, a friend and I used to go grab dinner near his house and then head to Cue and Cushion to take advantage of their half price pool on Mondays.  We'd also take advantage of their drink specials and lots of times it was a good thing that I didn't need to work the next day.I was surprised the first time I walked in here and saw how many pool tables there were.  There's probably about fifteen tables and they are all lovely and well taken care off.  I do recall there only being chalk for your hands up at the bar, but that's probably the only negative thing I can say about the place.  They also run pool specials, so you can usually play pretty cheaply as well.In addition to the pool, the bar here is quite good with drinks that are pretty strong and tasty.  There's frequently shot specials going on as well that I've been know to taken advantage of a time or two.  The bartenders are also friendly which is a plus.To top it off, there's a jukebox here that has a pretty good selection of songs.  I love putting $5.00 in and listening to my songs while I shoot. I think it makes me play better, but that may be my ego or the booze talking.The nights I've been here it hasn't been very crowded and it's definitely cheaper than most of my visits to Slick Willie's have been (man, is that place overpriced).  Add a good jukebox and bar into the mix and you've found my default pool place.  Well, unless I'm drunk and sticking quarters into a cheap table at a bar somewhere.
<review# 2215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2008,7/23/2008,3,6,,6,6>I knew within my first five minutes at Beavers that I would come back again.  Yes, there was a wait for a table.  Yes, the parking leaves something to be desired.  But hey, the complete friendliness and smiling faces of the employees set a tone for a nice, comfortable evening out (and while still in jeans!).   A  unique bbq menu to make one feel like they are trying something new within the comfortable bounds of reality eating.  So much to sample and a KIDS menu to boot!  Enjoyed that the serving sizes were reasonable and not wasteful or face-stuffingly large.   Fun place.p.s. Try the "angel" starter....
<review# 2216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2008,7/22/2008,231,235,4,7,6>Just say the name...WaZa! It's kind of fun, don't ya think?A new japanese restaurant on my side of town, might as well try it b/c it beats driving into town and spending an extra, what is it now...10 bucks or so on gas just to get there! The first time I went there, yes there is a second so it must be good, it wasn't too crowded, but neither was the second. It could've been that we went later in the evening closer to 9pm so the dinner rush was over.Started the meal with agadashi tofu...MmMmM...melt in your mouth goodness! Who knew pieces of tofu could taste so could!?! I had the octopus sunomono the second time and I understand the whole presentation thing, but the portion size was pretty small for 6 bucks...gimme more I say! They have a pretty good selection of sushi rolls, some of the more common ones aren't on the menu but if you ask your server most likely he/she will tell you they can make it. We ordered the shaggy roll, tex-mex roll, FM 1960, pink lady, and some other rolls that I can remember the names of and an order of uni nigiri (my absolute fave!). All of the rolls were pretty good and were small enough that one piece fit in your mouth without feeling like rice is about to fall out onto the table. Since it was a new restaurant, we had to try the desserts. Accounting for the two visits...we ordered coconut creme brulee, fried bananas, and tempura green tea ice cream. I would go back just to eat desserts and drink some wine, sake, martinis, or what not.
<review# 2217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2008,7/21/2008,421,256,4,4,5>Of course walking in here with my mom and brother for her birthday reminded us of Ralphie & Randy from Christmas Story, and of the ill-fated boy forced to eat an entire chocolate cake in Matilda. Both great movies, so we all felt like little kids in this shop. Chocolate frogs, solid wine bottles, chocolate painted rocks, trophies, anything you could think up, they've probably got it.My mother is a chocolate fiend, so my brother and I bought her a hunk of their richest, darkest chocolate cake. I'm tempted to post the before and after photos, but I"ll just link them instead. We quickly realized this was a matter more serious than we expected and grabbed two cartons of Oak Farms for her... we also helped her finish the monstrosity of her 'slice' too. Aw, she's so cute when she's happy and full:Before, ready for battle: i161.photobucket.com/albAfter, with depleted milk supply: i161.photobucket.com/albWe sure love our mama.
<review# 2218,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/6/2008,7/20/2008,36,41,6,7,5>Hi everyone. It's been awhile but yes, I'm alive. And of course, I'm still out and about. Most recently, I was at Walter's last night after work to see some friends and see Uh Huh Her. What a great name for a band huh? And, they're actually pretty good. Check them out on MySpace. There ya go, my plug for the band. Now to get back to business. I got exactly what I expected at Walter's. For one, I knew it was in the Heights, so I knew parking was going to be an issue. Check. I expected a dark, grungy, intimate music venue. Check two. I expected the good, soul-clenching music that only these venues attract. Check three.So what are my qualms? This place is an 18 and up venue, so alcohol is an issue, as it is with most 18 and up places. Before everyone tries to send me to AA, let me explain. I got there after work, which was about 11ish, and all I wanted was a nice, cold beer to drink. Just one. Nothing wrong with that, right? There was, lemme see, no Miller Lite, no Dos XX, no Shiner, no Bud Light, damn, they almost had no customer named Jill. I did finally get a Bud out of the so-called bar, and then I found my friends, some of whom were stumbling around so maybe that's where all the beer went that night. Walter's boasts $1 drafts at midnight, but show up late like I did and that might be all the beer selection you'll get. Plus, lack of alcohol causes audience members to stand around like zombies. Maybe it was just that night. Maybe it was just a tough crowd. I dunno?! C'mon Houston, you're at a friggin' concert! Move! Dance! Show signs of life!Oh, the bathrooms. Yes, they are pretty bad. The ladies' room toilet didn't work that well, so use the guy's. Just be prepared for the dried urine and funk smell. I stopped smoking and started running again, so I was able to hold my breath for the duration of my peeing. But, you know what, it's sad, but I've seen worse bathrooms. Another plus is that there is plenty of room at the sides of the stage to enjoy the music and get a good view. And they have zero tolerance on fights. I learned because I met a drunk, crying chick outside that told me a drunk, garbled story about how she got kicked out of the Art Institute because of her ex-girlfriend, who thought she was hitting on a girl she was dating...yadda, yadda. yadda...and me actually giving a damn because I hate seeing people cry and thought I would make a new drinking buddy, tried to get this girl in and was stopped at the door because she was hitting people inside a little while ago. Oh, well. I still had fun. I usually do.
<review# 2219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2008,7/19/2008,108,76,,8,7>tonight was my third visit to himalaya.  i picked up food to-go b/c i wanted a quiet night at home and i have a problem dining alone in restaurants.  ambiance here is definitely lacking anyway and i totally agree with the other reviewer about how weird it is to see a mexican painting hanging on the wall.  i drove all the way from midtown to 59 & hillcroft for indian (actually, indo-pak) -  if that tells you how good this place is.  indian travels well too, although my stomach was growling at me the whole way home.  it just smelled so delicious.i ordered goat biryani which i think is more flavorful than the chicken biryani.  you get a ton of it - i think my order weighed about 3 lbs.  there was a lovely crust on the rice and the caramelized onions were wonderful.  the meat was fork tender and there was plenty of it. there's was a pleasant amount of heat to the dish.i also ordered the chicken tikka masala, which i've never ordered from here before.  i realize that it isn't a traditional indian/indo-pak dish (it originated in britain), but i wanted something creamy and easy on the tummy.  it totally hit the spot.  it was delicious and had an extra dimension of flavor that made the dish more complex than others i've had.  btw, i'm not impressed with the CTM at london sizzler next door who is billed as a british curry house.also got an order of paratha instead of naan.  paratha reminds me of chinese scallion pancakes, w/o the scallions.  it's fantastic dipping the "pancake" in the CTM sauce.  it's comfort food at it's best and it's just lovely here.i finished eating and i realized that i still have enough food for 3 or 4 more meals.everything i've ever had at himalaya has been wonderful:  biryanis and masalas (the best i've had),  naan, and chicken karahi which is an authentic pakistani dish that takes a lot of effort to prepare.  i'm now 100% convinced that this will be my go to place whenever i crave indian from now on b/c  i'm really impressed that they can even make a fabulous CTM.this is truly some of the best ethnic cuisine that houston has to offer.  also they are open until 10:30 or 11:30 every night.  fyi, i uploaded photos of my dinner.
<review# 2220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2008,7/18/2008,150,374,13,9,11>Contrary to my own survival instincts, I ordered the double cheeseburger today at lunch. Unfortunately, I had gone about a week without any red meat and I was craving it hard. They should call this thing the suicideburger. All it was missing was some bacon and I would not be writing this review today. Needless to say, I couldn't come close to finishing it. But the burger was GOOD. The patties were actually spiced with salt and cracked pepper, which nobody seems to do anymore. The meat was a course ground beef and when I asked for medium doneness, they actually had a pink center. As I picked up this massive mound of coronary destruction, it immediately squirted juice all over my shirt. Bollocks! I ended up just eating the patties and fries. The fries, by the way were excellent - well seasoned and small cut, just like I like 'em!I am paying for it dearly now at work, by chugging large amounts of coffee and red bull. (Back to veggies for the next few days for me.)I think the prices here are a bit on the high side for a burger joint and the place is really cramped. I also don't like the service setup, where you get your drink and then end up paying a tip to some guy for bringing your food. I did most the work - why am I paying this guy a tip when he takes forever to bring me napkins in the first place?
<review# 2221,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/8/2008,7/17/2008,131,188,6,7,7>Don't let my 3 star (average rating) fool you, I really like this place.  But when the dollar amount escalates on my bill I tend to be super critical.  Then again, who isn't?!  I've ate at almost every "Prime served" steakhouses in Houston with the exception of Smith & Wollensky & Flemings.  And when my friend was having a birthday dinner @ Fleming's, I jumped at the chance to attend.  Any excuse to eat a good steak right?  Well our party consisted of 16 people, so they seated us in the patio area?  They tarped off the whole view of the street so none of us could see outside and vice-versa.  I hated it... not only did I not get a view of the dining room floor or inside another nicer private room, but the humidity of Houston made it so uncomfortable.  Also it rained for a brief period during dinner, that just added more to the moisture in the air.  I was just hot, sticky and sweaty towards the end of my meal.  That reeks especially when I was dressed up nicely.  We asked our server to alleviate this problem... maybe crank the A/C or open up the doors to let air in.  They stated that they couldn't do anything about the A/C in the room.  WTH?!  Then why seat us here?  Getting on with the meal... I had the crab cake and portobello steak fries as my starters.  I didn't like the crabcake very much, just too much breading... not enough crab.  (I think Del Frisco's crab cake has ruined every other's for me... I'm just using them as the standard now).  The Portobello Steak fries however was very good.  I can honestly say I never had one like this before, so I couldn't compare theirs to anyone else's.  The herbed panko breading was perfect in texture; dipped in the jalapeno aioli sauce made this appetizer very tasty.  Onwards to the entree... I only eat ribeye's, and when I saw a 22 oz. Bone-in ribeye on the menu for $44 (very reasonably priced)... I definitely had to order that... even though I know I'll never finish it.  If anyone of you get the chance to see your steak cut with "Bone-in" in the menu, just throw in the extra bucks and order it.  Trust me, you'll never wanna go back to eating cuts w/o the bone.  I also had the shoestring fries, chipotle mac & cheese, and grilled asparagus as my side items.  Oh man, these people definitely know how to conjure up tasty sides.  Especially that Chipotle Mac & Cheese... it was "money"!  I loved it!  When my steak came out, it was almost perfectly cooked to my liking (medium rare).  Only the areas near the bone was more mediumish.  That's okay, I expected that.  The bone is like a conductor of heat, so when heated... it'll heat the surrounding area as well.  The steak was seasoned quite nicely, it was very pleasant in the mouth.  And like Connie B. mentioned in her review, they trimmed much of the fat on the steak pretty well.If it wasn't for the two birthday cakes that I had for dessert, I definitely would've ordered some creme brulee...  being that most of the meal was delicious.  Aww well, maybe next time.  If I wasn't so uncomfortable, maybe I would have enjoyed my meal and rate this place 4 or 5 stars.  However, that was not the case and that's all their getting for my dining experience for that particular night.  I'll come back one day and will probably have my stars adjusted... Well... maybe... we'll see.
<review# 2222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2008,7/16/2008,49,81,5,6,6>The first time we went to Lone Star, I was a little unnerved by the fact that we were the only people in there under retirement age.  Then I saw the menu and realized why there was such a sizable geriatric crowd: the prices.  The prices are damn cheap!  But that most definitely does not say anything about the quality of the food or the portion size.  Now I'll be honest and admit that their steaks are not all that great.  But you know what?  That's what JB's across the street is for-steaks.  Lone Star is all about the seafood.  Grilled, broiled, fried, with some pasta dishes and chicken fried steak to boot.  Lone Star seafood is the closest thing I've gotten to the homemade fried-up catfish and shrimp that gets served at my family reunions every year in Mississippi.  The fried oysters here are unbelievable too.  I always intend to try something grilled, but it just never happens because I love the fried stuff so much; it's the ultimate comfort food.  The half-portion of chicken fried steak is $4.95 (it's really only a "half-portion" if you have the stomach capacity of a horse) and it's smothered in creamy homestyle gravy, another awesome comfort food.  My experience with the vegetables hasn't been as good...the grilled veggies are pretty decent, but the salads?  Pale, brown, sickly looking Iceburg lettuce with an unearhthly colored tomato thrown on top.  I will say, though, that last time we ate there, we were told that they had new owners and the salads would be no more.  Hopefully they replaced them with something that's worthy of the divine fried seafood.  Service here has always been good.  The waitstaff is very attentive and accomodating, and if you call in an order for take-out, it's ready when they promise it to you.  We've never had to wait for a table, and though the ambience isn't much, it doesn't matter because the seafood is so good.  Hopefully Lone Star will still be around when I'm geriatric!
<review# 2223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2008,7/14/2008,80,121,9,8,9>I know my BBQ, well I thought I did.  BBQ and I?  We've howdied but we ain't shook yet.  Now BBQ and I have been formally introduced.  Where did we meet you ask?  At Rudy's off interstate 45 on BBQ's home turf, Texas.BBQ's first words were "Don't worry 'bout the mule son, just load the wagon".  Huh?  California translation... just do your part I'll do mine.  My part of this deal was to eat till I couldn't eat no more.I sat down at my checkered table cloth table, accented with a piece of white butcher paper.  It's not a classy joint, it's a BBQ joint adjacent to a gas station!  A piece of advice, Don't call him a cowboy, till you've seen him ride, translation, don't judge a book by it's cover.  Tender brisket, baby back ribs, chicken and turkey!  Slather on some of the mildly spicy sauce.  Yum!  Rudy's you are amazing!  As sides we had creamed corn (thanks for the suggestion Diana L. & Brian W.) and potatoes.  "Ya'll want butter on the potatos?"  Of course my reply was "No thanks".  I got the cock eye along with a ladel of butter on my potatoes.  For good reason of course.  All that artery clogging goodness was delicious.After my last sip of my $1.85 beer, I had to loosen my belt buckle.  "Ya'll come back now ya hear".  Don't worry Rudy's I'll be back.
<review# 2224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2008,7/13/2008,40,93,8,10,8>My mom talked me into this place one night and I will admit I was terrified. Not of the food really but the location. We will call the area "questionable". When you pull up its in the middle of a very seedy shopping center. John and I considered not getting out of the car for a few moment before we sucked it up and headed in. Prepare yourself to be suprised. The inside of this place is so cute and so small. It has sort of an over the top elegance if that makes any sense.On to the food. Any place with huge mugs of beer is okay by me. My mom and I are addicted to the german beer they serve. The have this "sampler platter for two" that I would only order if you have atleast 3 people eating it. It comes with everything you could think of. Stew, Duck, Meat Loaf, Sausage. Wow I feel full just thinking about it. I really dig this place and would probably come here more if there were lighter options. Only negat6ive thing I can say is beware of the butter that looks like it has stuff in it. It is not butter at all actually but pork fat.... Yeah thats right pork fat to spread on your bread. Eeeek.
<review# 2225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2008,7/12/2008,269,274,2,11,5>I went to Da Marco over the weekend; the food and service were incredible.  The attention to detail and the feel of the dining room is extraordinary.  I loved it.  I had to knock it a star because of my table, it's taken me a few days to think about it and to write my review.  I will get to that later; I want to rave about the food because that's what I went for.My wife had been here a couple of times so she thought since it's my birthday and I had never been here before, she was taking me here.  She had made it to Da Marco once for lunch and one other time for dinner with her girlfriends and every time all she could talk about was the food.  They brought out the olive oil for dipping and I could smell it as it was placed on the table, it was so aromatic and delicious.  I was tempted to just drink it from the dish.  On to the first course, we had the Sweet Corn Ravioli with Lobster.  The lobster sitting in the center of the ravioli was cooked perfectly, it wasn't chewy or tough and the homemade ravioli was outstanding.  Next came out the Black Truffle Risotto.  Is there anything better than truffles?  Wow! This was amazing; every bite was a real treat.  Then came the main course, my wife ordered the Whole Roasted Fish and I ordered the Hereford Ribeye.  The fish for the day was Branzino.  The Branzino is a sea bass but mostly found in the Atlantic and in the Mediterranean Sea.  Since the fish is from warmer waters it tends not to be as butter or oily as what most people are used to hearing is sea bass, a Chilean Sea Bass which comes from the Pacific and much colder waters.  It is still very mild and flakey; I would compare it more to Red Snapper.  It was delicious.  The dish came with fresh sauted spinach, oven roasted potatoes and roasted fennel.  It was all phenomenal.  I order the BEEF...more specifically the ribeye.  I had ordered medium rare and when it came out it looked charred.  I was very worried, but I cut into the steak it was perfect, crispy on the outside and juicy and rare on the inside.  The ribeye came with fingerling potatoes mixed with goat cheese and a side of roasted red pepper and olives.   Dessert we couldn't get to fast enough, we ordered a lemon pudding cake with lemon gelato.  The cake was super moist and delicious and homemade gelato.  We also had brought to the table Creme Brule with Blood Orange sorbet.  The Creme Brule was nothing special, but the Blood Orange sorbet was delectable.  The wine list was impressive and reasonable; we ordered a bottle of Umbria Chardonnay and of course finished the night off with an espresso and cappuccino.We had two people in our reservation.  If you have never been to Da Marco, as you enter into the restaurant the back wall, there is a booth the length of the wall.  They have a bunch of 2 tops lining the wall and obviously they can make them into 4 tops if they need to.  Well on this evening they were all 2 tops and sort of crammed together; people getting up had to literally move the table to get in and out from the booth.  This set up is fine for a lunch, but for dinner where most people want the experience and or are celebrating a special occasion this is not what I was expecting.  The table to my right complained about his experience all evening.  He sent back his appetizer pasta twice, the first time it was too salty and the second time his pasta was not cooked properly.  He complained about his Black Truffle risotto having too much cheese in it.  His comment was "it might as well be cheese whiz with black truffles".  The person he was with was a business peer, she was pretty and I guess he was trying to impress her. Oh and how can I forget this one, to his dinner companion " the best thing on this table is that spinach that came with your fish".  He kept kicking my wife every time he crossed his legs.  He alone almost ruined my whole experience; in the end we got a good laugh out of it.  Plus the food and service helped.  My experience with upscale restaurants, they know their restaurant is a destination and a experience to be had.  They will typically ask if this is a special occasion and set up the reservation accordingly.  I did not make the reservation, but I have called numerous 5 star restaurants for reservations  and I am asked all the time "are you celebrating something special this evening".  Maybe I'm not being fair but I'm docking it a star.I will be back to Da Marco. I saw so much food that I need to taste, the lamb chops, the short ribs and the veal.  I cannot wait, but I will be sure to request a different table at the time of the reservation.
<review# 2226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2008,7/11/2008,47,119,5,6,6>Nothing spells Costco like two kids in diapers. Each month, I neatly tick off one uber-box of Huggies wipes, one box of size 3s and one box of size 5s. We always have enough, and in fact could probably diaper the other tykes in our neighborhood for a couple of weeks as well, and all for much less than we'd pay buying regular retail. Aside from diapers, Costco also carries Carter's kids clothes and tons of books and other amusements for your kiddos. We bought a Chicco 4-in-1 ride-on car for about half of what you would pay anywhere else.There are also some great food finds at Costco. They have guacamole that always gets me compliments when served at a party. It comes with 4 tubs, which you can freeze and defrost with no loss of flavor. We also stock our freezer with turkey burgers and personal deep dish pizzas for the nights we neither want to cook nor hoof it out to a restaurant. For us, other good things to buy in bulk are milk, butter, eggs and juice boxes. At a $50 per year cost of membership, a trip to Costco should be standard for any growing family.Keep in mind that Costco only accepts American Express, debit cards or checks, so be sure to have an appropriate method of payment on hand.
<review# 2227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2008,7/8/2008,433,446,7,7,9>I really enjoyed my time here.  Not necessarily because of the food or speed of service, but more likely it was because of the great company I was with.Had a group event here on the same night as another large group.  We were upstairs and they were downstairs.  This basically slammed the kitchen.  So the evening lasted a long time.  But I had fun and enjoyed the music.So rating:- friendliness of service - 4 stars- atmosphere and music - 5 stars- speed of service - 2 stars- appetizers - 4 stars- food (dinner) - 3 stars- people I was with - 5 starsSo I'll overlook the mediocre food and attribute it to way too many people sitting down to eat at once.  There must have been 50 people in our group and 40+ in the other group and they arrived right before us, so they got their food a little sooner.So I would like to go back here as a small group - say 6 or 8.  Then the service would probably be better, the food would be served faster and be better prepared, and the group would be handpicked.Oh, and the bartender at the temporary bar upstairs made a poor Manhattan.  If I had been smart, I would have gone to the main bar to get it.  I'm in a good mood, so I won't dock the rating for that.
<review# 2228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2007,7/7/2008,123,317,5,11,11>This place somehow is the coolest... and creepiest place in Houston, and really is a must see!I know other people have found this and made their way out there... but my sister was driving by the Target one day and all of a sudden slammed on her brakes because she thought she saw a HUGE George Bush...  She reversed (safely I hope since this was a real street) and sure enough, she was right.She took me there the next time we went to Target, and WOW... there are HUGE busts of all of the Presidents, and enormous statues of The Beatles!Honestly, you just have to go see it... My description just isn't doing it justice.Oh, and apparently they are trying to maybe make a park in Pearland for all of the Presidential Busts.
<review# 2229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2008,7/6/2008,16,27,,7,6>Absolutely one of the coolest places in Houston.  Jukebox is great with music from the WW2 time and post war Houston heydays.  The bar is in the oldest building in Houston.  It can be romantic and quiant.  It used to packed on Valentines Day in the past.   I think they do not let you go upstairs anymore.  The wine selection has unique suppliers and is amazing.  Just FYI - It is a cash only bar.
<review# 2230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2007,7/5/2008,26,52,13,12,9>As a life-long tropical fish lover, I was in heaven when I walked into The Fish Gallery for the first time.  At over 10,000 sq feet, this is the largest and best equipped aquarium store I've ever seen.  The staff is knowledgeable, the fish supremely healthy, and it is gorgeous enough just to browse if you aren't thinking of making a purchase.  I spent several minutes talking to one of the long term employees (it has been in operation since 1976 under several name changes).  I was excited discover they carried a certain fish that I had searched in vain for many years.  He explained why they had become rare and reviewed the store's quarantine process that they used to ensure unhealthy fish were not sold to the public.  Very impressive.  I also like that the fish have an "each" and a "group" price, so your purchase is cheaper if you buy in multiples.  There are tropical, cichlids, and marine fish for sale, along with aquatic frogs and plants.Interested in having a custom aquarium wall (like the one in the front lobby) installed in your home?  I'll save you the trouble of asking for the cost - it comes for the low low price of $150,000.  (Just gather the loose change from the seats of your Lamborghini and the Lear jet!)
<review# 2231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2007,7/4/2008,20,333,1,10,8>Recycle, Houston!  The West Universtiy RecyclExpress drop-off center is located just a block off of the intersection of Kirby and 59, and they accept clear and colored glass, bi-metal cans, aluminum cans, plastics #1 and #2, paper, cardboard.  The facility is self-serve, but glass is only accepted until 11 pm since it's in a neighborhood.  Just drive on up and dump your soon-to-be-new-again waste in the appropriate area!  If you need to recycle other things (batteries, paint, motor oil, etc.) there's a posted list that details where you can take it.  There are sometimes unexpected freebies here, too, like pristine stacks of National Geographic magazines.Some tips:- sort before you leave home- pack your recycling in paper bags or cardboard boxes, then recycle the bag/box each time- rinse and flatten as appropriate- don't contaminate the recycling with plastic bags and other inappropriate items; this can mess up a whole batch! (take your plastic bags to Central Market)- if you live in West U, call 713.662.5839. to get a bin for curbside pickup (details on the above website)
<review# 2232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2008,7/3/2008,3,12,4,4,5>I finally made it back to this place since they remodeled and started accepting Credit Cards! Finally! The last time I had the dumplings from here was back in 2005 and I do not remember them being so delicous. They have always reminded me of old man ears (I know, I am disturbed). Today, me and a friend went here for lunch and I had a half order of the pork. They had just the perfect amount of vege/pork mix. Loved em' in the spicy dipping sauce. The lady at the register is still her old bitter self but hey, they have excellent food and fast service! And now accepting all major credit cards...what else can you ask for?
<review# 2233,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/1/2008,7/2/2008,22,28,6,9,5>I tried being vegetarian, I really, really did. I lasted four months, and then decidedly ended it all with a big plate of delicious barbeque. What a way to go out, huh? Well, the whole vegetarian issue gets complex, and I'm not here to discuss it, so let's just leave it at that. But - it gives me a useful perspective when it comes to this restaurant, I think.I only recommend this place for the vegetarian options. It has an extensive and creative vegetarian menu, that fully utilizes tofu and seitan in out-of-the-ordinary ways. In contrast, the regular menu items are pretty ordinary - your typical Chinese-American fare. I don't know if it's because eating vegetarian is already somewhat limiting, especially when eating out, but finding this place was a godsend during those four months, despite the fact that if the same dish was made with meat it would just be so-so. The vegetarian General Tso's chicken was really addicting, the veg dumplings were very good, and the substitute shrimp was very shrimp-like! That is a rare and wonderful thing.I can only give this place three stars though, because I hate to say it but the last time I was there, there were a couple of little roaches on my table. I fully understand that just about ANY restaurant will have a few bugs, and I'm not very easily grossed out by things like that, but the truth is that it can ruin your experience to find roaches, whether you want it to or not. I switched tables immediately, and I don't doubt that the kitchen itself is clean, but roaches give me the heebie-jeebies. Sorry, Hunan Village.
<review# 2234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2008,7/1/2008,24,39,2,13,7>I've been going to Avalon since I was in my mother's womb and fortunately, it has not changed much at all.  It's your basic no-nonsense, no-frills diner.  The best diner burgers in town, you know, the thin kind with lots of lettuce, mustard, mayo and pickles.  The BEST!  Also, absolutely my favorite chocolate MALTS in the universe.  I've been getting them since I was a baby and they've never let me down.  Avalon also has great breakfasts, grilled cheese samiches, pimento cheese samiches, tuna samiches, and bigger meals like chicken fried steak.  They have fun soda fountain fair as well: sundaes, chocolate sodas, ice creams, lemonade, etc.  And this may sound random, but in their water, tea and soft drinks they provide the best crushed ice the city has to offer! My favorite kind!When you go in you have your choice of boothes, classic diner counter stools or regular tables.  It can get crowded around lunch, but the wait usually isn't that bad as they bus the tables pretty quickly.  There's also not usually a long wait for your food.  It's a great place to take the kids because they'll love the food and it's not a big deal if they make a mess.The waitstaff has been there for years...and years.  They're all really friendly.Just an all around great local place.  And did I mention about the MALTS?!  Best in the city, folks.  Best in the city.
<review# 2235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2007,6/30/2008,393,766,7,12,9>This became Houston's saving grace for me when I first moved here.  After going to bar after bar and club after club and only seeing generic cookie cutter places and people, I was about to give up hope of a decent nightlife in Houston.  Then I found The Ginger Man.  This gem is hidden between frat daddy bars and trees, but is a fantastic place to relax and have a decent beer (by decent, I mean that they have something besides Shiner).  The staff is very knowledgeable and can always recommend something new.  They're constantly changing their menu and adding things.  They have great mixed beers with fun names (like the Dirty Hoe and Back Hand).  The best part is that since it is a beer joint, you don't usually get the anorexic girl that won't drink beer because of the carbs.  In the early part of the day, the crowd tends to be older (professors perhaps?), but even as the evening progresses, it isn't a bunch of teens with fake IDs trying to get in.  There are a few dart boards around, a nice jukebox, and outdoor seating.  The only negative (which I now consider a rite of passage for newbies) is how tiny the bathrooms are--seriously.  If you get claustrophobic easily, you'd better find a nice bush outside.
<review# 2236,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/14/2008,6/29/2008,26,32,1,4,4>Martinis is a fairly new place off of Louetta & 249. It provides a much needed afterwork location in this area of town. However, I have to say the drinks were mixed really really weak. Its a nice enough place and up this way your choices are pretty limited.
<review# 2237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2008,6/28/2008,11,32,17,13,8>ts on Telephone road in Houston...so if you want to give it a try it has my hearty recommendation...but if you do go there are some things to keep in mind.1) They will give you a paper number when you come in. For the Love of God do not allow your paper number to fall over. Its drafty..but if they don't see your # you will never get served.2) The place is BYOB...but if you aren't availing yourself of that...and you think you will require more than 1 refill..get the iced tea. Waitress visits are at a premium.3) The menu is really mostly for show. They will do little stuff like give you the egg rolls you ordered. But the Thai Nazi is just as likely to give you red curry as green...straw mushrooms instead of baby corn. Basically whatever the Thai Nazi deigns to give you you will eat and love. And vow to actually order next time (at which time they will probably give you something different).4) The waitresses (assistant Thai Nazi's) aren't friendly but they aren't unfriendly either. However if you insist on drinking too much iced tea. The Thai Nazi himself will come over and thoughtfully explain that you need to eat more rice.5) Don't order dessert, there is no dessert, only a n00b orders desert. If you inquire about desert the Thai Nazi will bring you a stick of gum.6) Seriously, if you let the little paper thing fall down, you ain't eatin!7) After you eat, don't wait for your check. Only a n00b waits for the check. They aren't bringing you a check (its hard enough to make them bring your food). Bring your little number to the cash register. The Thai Nazi is there, he has your check. Give the Thai Nazi your number and he will charge you something within 5 or 6 dollars either way of what you actually recieved, or what you ordered. You know depending.8) Lord help me I can't wait to go back!
<review# 2238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2007,6/27/2008,89,231,7,8,5>Marriage, the final frontier. These are the mishaps of the married guy, Dolph. His continuing mission: To explore strange new things with which to pamper her. To seek out new "honey do's" and "I love you's". To boldly go where no man can go but me.My mission today was to begin acknowledging our anniversary. Beam me up, Scotty! What shall I do? Flowers, of course. Because I couldn't remember the last florist I used, I looked up florists in Yelp. I only found five that had been reviewed in the Houston area (perhaps others were hidden behind a Romulan cloaking device) and they were all parsecs away from her work place. I know that it's like making an alliance with the Klingons, but I reverted to Google and landed on a local florist - Colony. I called them and got a very pleasant woman on the phone. I told her the occasion, gave her a price range and asked her to help me design an appropriate bouquet. Since only Vulcan women are logical, I figured my bride wouldn't mind if I splurged a bit. The lady on the phone was very helpful. She suggested several blossoms we could include and ensured that roses were prominent in the display. I took her lead.In a mere minute, we'd co-designed a solution and she assured me she could get it to my wife at warp speed in less than an hour (before we met for lunch).Like a phasor on stun, they delivered a stunning bouquet and, for the moment, I will live long and prosper. The bouquet really was beautiful and my wife was gushing in a highly illogical way.
<review# 2239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2008,6/25/2008,839,439,,17,13>Thankfully, I am insured and don't need the services of PP. But I have girl friends and sisters (and teenage students) who DO need them. I have accompanied my friends here before for various services, and also find them helpful and accomodating. Yes, they're usually packed, but that's to be expected. The website explains the multitude of services they offer, the pay scale, and the hours for the clinics here and the larger one on Fannin. Also, since I'm a supporter and regularly donate, I get the PP newsletter via email (even the hilarious one that I forwarded entitled "I heart my cervix" lol) They also have one especially for teens called teenwire.com which offers advice and medically accurate information about sexuality and relationships. Although I can't really, formally recommend the site, I do tend to casually mention it in class. :)
<review# 2240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2008,6/24/2008,101,122,10,12,10>Squeee Star Pizza! I'd been looking forward to trying this place out since I found out I was moving to Texas and first started exploring Yelp Houston. Needless to say, it lived up to all the expectations I'd set for it. My only regret is that I didn't order a beer with my pizza! *kicks herself!* Urgh, Nicole!Anyways, once me and my friends sat down and started discussing potential toppings, I realized that this was gonna be no simple task. Me, I like ALL veggie toppings, hate ham and pineapple, and basically the only meat I like on pizza is pepperoni or ground beef. Friend #1 hates mushrooms and olives, but loves all kinds of meat. Friend #2 is the same in the meat department, but hates onions.In the end, we agreed on pepperoni, spinach, garlic, and jalapenos. I know, I know, it sounds vile... but good Lawd it was good!4 stars instead of 5 because parking is a nightmare, and our table was way too small for the 3 of us. Our waiter was AWESOME, though! :D
<review# 2241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2008,6/23/2008,118,142,1,7,7>I have officially declared The Flat as my new hang out. 1. The bartenders are SUPER nice! One of them forgot to charge my card for 3 mojitos and said "Oh well, it's on the house. Have a happy Memorial Day!" Even after three attempts to give her my money, she refused and told me to enjoy my evening.2. The ambiance is so chill! I love the mo-town/hip hop/urban mix they have playing over the speakers and from the DJ.3. They have the most delicious frozen mojitos EVER!4. Mondays and Wednesdays are $4 frozen mojitos all night! YUM!5. The outdoor patio is so spacey and comfortable. I can't wait to light the fire pit next time. I love The Flat!
<review# 2242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2007,6/22/2008,63,353,7,5,5>I loves me some pinball.   The rare (correct me if I am wrong, please!) sight of pinball in Houston is a welcome one, and it is mere blocks away from my folks.  Friendly barkeeps, good bourbon selection, nice patio, good tunes.  It'd be heaven except it crowds up.  Drunk hipsters spilling drinks on you or bouncing off you as they are scootching by...I have lost many a ball due to this flavor of douchebaggery.
<review# 2243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2008,6/21/2008,178,69,6,16,15>Still my favorite museum in Texas.  Yes, I've been to The Modern.  But the Menil collection reads like a dreambook.  An entire room dedicated to Surrealist art, the original Pinhead lives in here!   So do 200 other fantastical, amazing and just plain freaky objects of art making up this otherworldly space.  A commitment to Joseph Cornell's curious shadowboxes and Mark Rothko's life-threateningly beautiful paintings (visit the Rothko chapel while you're in the neighborhood).  Also home to Max Ernst collages that are so detailed and diminutive, you have to get right up on them and give them your full attention to realize how incredible and genius they are.  Don't just blow through this museum.  It's small enough that you can really take it all in.  Take it slow.  You'll be glad you deliberated.
<review# 2244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2007,6/20/2008,40,363,9,15,9>You sit in traffic every day.  You hear the honking, watch the wreckers zoom past, and you sit.  Driving used to be such a joy but now you're just stuck in one lane, waiting for your exit.  What you need is a go-kart.No, wait - better than that.  You need a go-kart track that is air conditioned. But where would one find such a thing?  There's only one place in Houston to get that kind of action - Track 21.At this state of the art facility, you won't be driving your kart around in the heat of Houston.  No, sir, you'll be zooming around the track in air conditioned comfort.  No pile ups, no standstills, no tow trucks.  Go with a group and get your racing helmet strapped on - If you're feeling a little weak on your racing skills you can even take professional grade driving lessons so your friends will be left in the dust.  This is as close as you can get to street racing in Houston without fear of a ticket.  Seriously, it's a whole lot of fun and you can only get it at one place.  Track 21 - they've got the speed you need.  Fun, fun, fun.
<review# 2245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2008,6/19/2008,0,4,2,10,8>I love this bar. It has become my favorite. If you are looking for a place that has great music and great atmosphere then you need to check out this spot. It's not your typical Montrose bar either. The inside of this place reminds me of bars that I have been to in Germany and London. It has a very modern decor theme. I've been told by the bartenders there that the owner hand built the entire place himself as well as creating the artwork on the walls. I'm an artist myself and I have to say that this guy did a great job on designing the place.I'm also about to turn 30 and I LOVE the music they play there. They play a mix of stuff, indie rock, etc... but, I love all of the old classic 80's stuff they play. And I'm not talking pop radio classics either. The good stuff like Sister's of Mercy, Killing Joke, Section 25, Gary Numan, Front 242, Sixouie & the Banshees, Bolshoi, Echo & the Bunnymen, Joy Division and old Depech Mode tracks from their first albums. It's kind of like going to Numbers on a Friday night except I feel like this place is catered to people like me who have outgrown that scene and want to be in a place a little bit nicer and not have all the kiddies around.I'll put it to you this way, if you're an artist, musician, ex-new waver, or just a person that's tired of going to crap bars, then you'll love this place.
<review# 2246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2008,6/18/2008,45,20,15,14,13>You've seen the words before.  China.  Dragon.  Garden.  Golden.  Hunan.  Imperial.  Jade.  Lucky.  Palace.  Panda.  Village.  Would-be restauranteurs play mix-n-match word Scrabble and presto!  ...a Chinese restaurant is born.  But while Jade Garden is saddled with a dreadfully cliched name, the food is hardly generic.  Located in the bourgeoning Wel-Farm shopping center in Sugar Land - a mini-Chinatown smack dab within America's third best city to live in [CNN/Money 2006] - its specialty lies in Cantonese cuisine.Seafood freshness should never be in question, as large tanks house different varieties of crab, shrimp, fish, and more exotic shellfish like geoduck clams - though its elephant-trunk, phallic appeal escapes even me, who, like Galactus, is a devourer of all things.  Alongside this aquarium of tasty goodness, sao la (rotisserie/BBQ meats) are proudly hung in a metal and glass booth where a butcher can hack roast duck, chicken, crispy skin pork and char siu into bite-sized pieces for your enjoyment.  Not the best, but above average.The razor clams with basil had a nice, tender crunch and a bit of jalapeno kick.  The only downside here is that the shell from this species of clam tends to be rather brittle (why yes, I am a marine biologist!), so you'll clamp down on a shell granule every now and then... imagine biting into a grain of sand x 2.  And I can completely understand how this would deter the common folk.  Me?  Small price to pay for the smiting of one's hunger.Pi pa tofu is usually made by pureeing silken tofu and shrimp, forming the mixture into oval shapes, and then deep-frying.  Accompanied by a light, slightly viscous sauce, its molecular state (why yes, I am also a quantum physicist!) should exist somewhere between creamy and fluffy.  Their version however, omits the shrimp and suffers for it. Guei fei ji, or House Special Chicken as it's called here, is one of my favorite things.  Boiled chicken.  With such a grandiose name, you were expecting something a bit more involved and flashy, yes?  Negatory.  It's so ridiculously simple it's genius.  OK, so apparently the chicken is normally boiled with scallops, which explains the price ($10.95 for a half bird), but I can neither confrm nor deny the method of cookery.  It's served room temperature with a small dish containing a dipping paste of oil, minced green onion, ginger and salt. Jade Garden gets extra credit for being one of a tiny (I'm talking Tom Cruise-tiny) handful of Chinese restaurants I would willingly visit off the Bellaire Chinatown strip.  As with all family-style places, come with a group to sample more dishes and to keep the cost down.  They also offer a Peking duck variation where the skin and meat are not separated, but instead sliced together, and the wrapping vessel is a small mantou (steamed bun).  I dig the traditional crepe style.*Addendum: geoduck = mirugai.  Hm, so I DO eat it.
<review# 2247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2008,6/17/2008,12,6,4,7,6>I love everything about Chick-Fil-A, but there is a little gem here that my sister and I happened upon almost two years ago and that's their soft serve vanilla ice cream! When we wanted a low calorie ice cream fix we used to go to McDonald's, that is until we got fed up with being told the machine wasn't working. It didn't matter which location we went to as they all seemed to have the same problem. It got so bad that we would first ask if their ice cream machine was working before ordering anything.Then one day we ordered one at Chick-Fil-A and were elated at what we discovered. It beats the equivalent at the other fast food places by a long shot with its thick and creamy texture - and it is never handed to us in a partially melted state. Ice cream seems a bit pointless if it's melted.We've been getting our soft serve vanilla ice cream from Chick-Fil-A from practically every location around town for almost two years now and have never been disappointed or turned down due to faulty machinery. ***The only time we get disappointed is on SUNDAY since it isn't open, and therefore, not an option***At around 120 calories for the small ice cream cone, you really can't beat this little gem.
<review# 2248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2008,6/15/2008,422,220,8,6,7>What do you get when you blend Whole Foods, Trader Joe's and Larry's Market into a giant mixer? A fantastic market with good mojo, good produce, meats, seafood, bakery and food ready to eat!1. It lacks the pretention of Whole Foods. 'Nuff said.2. Quality selection of.. everything.3. Prices are pretty darn reasonable.4. Doesn't treat the customer as a vapid imbecile. (You mean I can label my own produce? Whoa...)I'll knock one-star down because I've had to hop to another store to pick up that one item they didn't have and in Houston that's no small feat.*I'm mixing local and chain grocery stores but Seattlites will understand Central ala Larry's and Houstonians can get the context of Larry's via Central.
<review# 2249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2008,6/14/2008,61,186,,5,4>I've been wanting to go eat here for the past year whenever I come back to visit. I missed bo 7 mon (7 beef plates) and ca nuong (baked fish which I think is fried). I love how they give you loads of veggies, pickled carrots and radishes, and their dipping sauce. It can be messy to eat, anddefinitely smelly from the seafood grill with butter and lemon grass (yummmms!)The service has always been bad. We have to flag our waiter down for refill on waters (cause the dipping sauce is salty) or need to order more banh hoi (steam vermicelli). That doesn't stop me from eating here cause I think they are the best place in town for bo 7 mon.
<review# 2250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2008,6/13/2008,14,13,1,13,10>A true neighborhood gem that's worth the drive from wherever you are. Their selection is impressive and price incredibly pleasing- everything is retail, including many impossible to find wines. Not only that, they have nearly 50 beers in their selection as well. There is literally something for everyone, which makes things so much easier for groups. I've gone with friends and shared bottles while others had a glass of beer or wine of their own. The staff is so friendly, too, and the place is gorgeous.I was there the other night and found out they now offer sake (and some incredibly difficult to find ones at that). I think next time I will have to order in sushi and sashimi with some friends (since everything in the shopping center delivers right to them- especially nice when you've had a few).Definitely a must either for relaxing or catching up with friends.
<review# 2251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2008,6/11/2008,3481,1328,26,28,18>I was fortunate enough to go to UT, so this review isn't for Rice's academic program (though I'm sure it's great ... blah blah blah ... Hook 'em!) This review is for Rice's awesome running trail.I've been running at Rice for almost two years now (Seriously? Wow. Why don't I have abs like Jessica Alba--pre-spermination?), Anyhow, most recently today I went for my therapeutic run--once again mid-noon just like I did yesterday in which I almost fainted into some bushes due to the summer heat. (I'm stubborn like that.) I realized Rice's trail hadn't been Yelped yet even though it's more worthy than other outdoor trails. What makes running at Rice superior to Memorial, Hermann or Buffalo Bayou are multiple things:1. There's always parking in the visitors lot. No need to do circles or wait around.2. The peeps that run here aren't shirtless, roidarific muscle heads. You've got everyday Joe Schmoes, students, doctors on break, older peeps, families w/their strollers, etc.3. It's not a social scene. People come to run and run only. No meeting by the benches, pumping iron or chatty Cathy's gabbing on their cellie.4. There's lots of shade! The beautiful lush promenade of trees keeps you covered during the entire 3-mile jog.5. There's the Farmer's Market every Tuesday 3:30-7pm in the parking lot south of Rice Stadium. You can take a break and buy some produce for dinner (though I've never done that) or some yummy gelato for the rest of your walk (guilty as charged).6. It's safe. Or at least I think it's safe. However, I once saw an older female jogger wearing a bullet proof vest which made me wonder.7. It's never crowded. There's always a good handful of people working out, but never to the point where you have to keep your head down because you look like hell and might run into someone.8. There isn't too much auto traffic whizzing by you, forcing you to inhale toxic, carcinogenic fumes.9. Work them quads by doing the stadium bleachers (though they sometimes lock it up) and there's also the bike track (one lap is 1/3 mile)10. So far, I haven't heard of any pervy flashers like the ones Memorial Park all-too-often harbors.
<review# 2252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2008,6/10/2008,666,1833,6,6,5>Wow. Ended up here in the wee hours one night and boy oh boy was it fun. The cover was something obscene, but luckily some sweet dude paid our covers (ahah, why on earth, no clue). I didn't realize it was gay (not that it would have mattered anyway!) and just danced my pants off. It was packed and the music was pumping, and boy oh boy was I a happy camper!
<review# 2253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2008,6/8/2008,15,38,5,11,10>Ah, the Drake, the lightning rod of Houston Yelp, one which would threaten to rip this country apart.  If you've read any of my other reviews, when I hate a place, boy, I hate a place, but I'm going to put my credibility on the line here and just say it--I really like the Drake.  First, let me address some of the comments others have made on here.Okay, the door.  I had no absolutely no trouble getting in and, no, I'm not a white frat-boy looking guy with a harem of girls.  In fact, I came alone as I was meeting a group of friends that were already there and getting in was seamless.  But, to my credit, I was dressed to impress, and I think the door guy appreciated the fact that I wasn't dressed like every other chump that tries to get in--i.e., loose fit stonewashed jeans, dark colored cotton-polyester blend shirt, ill-fitting sportscoat and square-toed shoes (Ugh, why!?).  I think the fact of the matter is, if you have abysmal fashion sense (or alternatively, a lifestyle based on one "going-out" outfit), there's a pretty good chance you'll get turned away here.  And you know what, if I can go to a club where I'm not getting assaulted by the Eddie Bauer catalog from hell, I'm all for it--sometimes there's a place for the fashion police.     Is the place racist?  Well, that's probably a mixed question.  My observation is that I saw ONE black guy the entire night and NO black girls--and I was there for three hours on a Friday night when there were easily several hundred people there.  There were, however, quite a few persians, a smattering of asians (mostly female), and a decent number of hispanics/latinos.  But make no bones about it, check your linen closet because this place is WHITE.  My theory is that when this place opened up, they made a conscious decision to alienate certain minority groups so that they wouldn't even consider going to the Drake  anymore . . .and it worked.  That doesn't mean that the Drake isnt going to let in blacks, hispanics, asians, etc. into the club, just that they want the place 90% white.  If you and your posse threaten to breach that quota (especially if you are in a large group), I can see them making up some excuse not to let you in.    As for the atmosphere, I really like it.  Sure it's a giant warehouse, but the decor is nicely done.  I wont offer anymore comment on that because you can just go to their website to see pictures of the place; they are fairly accurate.  In terms of layout, I think the Drake is divided up into four zones: the main room downstairs, the upstairs balcony (which overlooks the main floor), the front bar (which is by the entrance), and the outdoor patio (which is where people smoke).  Each area has its own bar, except for the patio.  I like the balcony area the best, as the main floor can get very crowded.  As for drinks, the service is actually quite prompt considering how many people are there.  I can't really comment on the prices as I've never actually bought a drink here (my friends are always shoving drinks into my hands), but I would expect midtown-ish prices (i.e., $7-8 for a mixed drink).  The drinks themselves are also pretty good.  Now the music--bless the Lord that there is a place in Houston that doesn't just blare arbitrary techno/house music into the club.  Most of what I heard was remixed 80s, but you know what, any place that plays New Order automatically scores points in my book.  The music isn't too loud either, as you can talk to the people near you without yelling.  The one problem, though, is that hardly anyone seems to dance here--just seems a little weird.  The fact that they have couches in the middle of the dance floor could be the reason for that--it makes it a bit hard to boogie.  And lastly, the people.  The vast majority of the girls here are dandy good lookin'.  The guys, well, kind of hard for me to make that call, but they didn't make me want to jump out the second story window either.  At least they didn't seem like total douches, which is high praise for a night club.  And I say this with a straight face, but the people here are some of the friendliest, most approachable people you could ever hope for at a club.  I think that is because everyone here knows why they are there--to mingle.  It's a meatmarket, plain and simple.Some tips: get there around 11 to find parking near the club and (probably) a less discriminating doorman.  It quickly gets packed up around 11:30-12:00.
<review# 2254,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/15/2008,6/7/2008,2,5,7,7,6>This wasn't my first rodeo.  :-)   If you're going for the music, you'll likely be disappointed with the sound -- it was bad in the Astrodome and isn't any better in Reliant.  It was a beautiful night when I went last week and I found myself wondering if the sound would have been any better with the roof opened up.THE GOOD:Calf scrambleBulldogging (they call it steer wrestling these days)Chuckwagon racesBull ridingPeople watchingFried desserts in the carnival -- favorites are Fried Snickers and Fried Oreos -- my companions said the Fried Cheesecake was much better in previous years.Wondering around the livestock showTHE BAD:Trying to get home -- includes getting out of the parking lots and taking trainFood & Beer prices"Margaritas"Audio for music actsAbridged rodeo eventsADVICE:Get there early and enjoy the midway, livestock show, etc. and leave early before the music act is over.  Or skip the music altogether.(Note: I've dissed the sound to the point of actually suggesting the music act be skipped, but I have to say that two of the biggest highlights for me over the years were related to the music acts)MY HIGHLIGHTS:1.  Singing along with 60,000 people from ALL walks of life (and Bob Dylan) to the chorus of Rainy Day Women:  "...everyone must get stoned!"2.  Donny Osmand riding into the Astrodome on a horse with purple saddle, purple boots, purple clothes and purple hat.  (one of my very earliest memories, and that's about all I remember from that event!).  3.  The Calf Scramble that I saw this year (2008) was the best ever!  There were some mighty tough young ladies mixing it up in there.  Hats off!
<review# 2255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2008,6/6/2008,50,207,3,12,7>{intimacy} is an absolutely stunning store, with a fabulous story! When you walk in, you'll be greeted by a wall of very cute bra and panty sets, beckoning you to try them on...If you remember the episode of Oprah years ago where she talked about how 85% of all women are wearing the wrong bra size, then you're going to love {intimacy}!Basically, the woman who founded this "movement," if you will, Susan Nethero, has opened up a store in Houston! She goes off the premise that you don't need measuring tape -- you just need to understand how the bra is supposed to fit and support you. (It's kind of like a bridge... Haha, so for all you engineers out there, you'll love her technical speak!)This woman has been on "How to Look Good Naked" and "The Today Show," and has 15 years of experience under her belt. (Apparently, she trained under a fabulous bra fitter in Europe!) Susan's this fabulous little woman that comes around telling you to take your shirt off and gives the lo-down on how to make your breasts look damn good! (She was in the store for a couple of days when it first opened but the bra fitters that are in the store day in and day out are a-ma-zing as well!)They carry sizes A to K, and I would guarantee that you'll find out that you're wearing the "wrong size" bra. (In fact, I went for a bra fitting the other day and found out my "real" size. It was absolutely fabulous, having someone fawn over you and tell you you look great in like 50 different bras! Haha.)Basically, {intimacy} carries a bunch of pricey labels, like La Perla, Aubade, Chantelle, etc -- but they all look really good on! (And feel good too -- chantilly lace is a wonderful thing!)And of course they have fun things like butt enhancers (underwear that gives your ass a little extra oomph) and bra washing detergent (helps lengthen the life of the elastic in the bra... don't use Woolite on bras because it will soften the elastic!).Best part? The personalized fitting AND they do free alterations if the bra doesn't fit you perfectly! (Who the hell's heard of bra alterations?! Love it!)
<review# 2256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2007,6/5/2008,19,93,5,8,6>This place is REALLY quiet..  A little background music wouldn't hurt, but thankfully that has no bearing on how good the food is.An order of pad thai (yeah, I'm plain) and a small soup fed me for three days.  I really can't complain about a place that is tasty, fast, and minutes from my house.
<review# 2257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2008,6/4/2008,196,278,2,20,10>This, my friends, is a serious burger.This somewhat run-down Texas icehouse, located on I-10 inside the Loop, has been grilling a spectacular burger for years.  It's arguably the best in Houston.A great burger starts with the meat, and Christian's is superb.  It's moist and tender, but not dripping with grease... just about perfect.  The meat has a nice char-grilled flavor, and it's complemented by wonderful fresh fixin's.  The bun is browned on the grill; nothing fancy, but it completes the burger with zen-line balance.This is a big burger.  The single fills me up easily; the double should be reserved for professional athletes who are breaking training.Christian's doesn't skimp on the fries, either.  They're well-cooked, crisp on the outside and tender inside; again, just right.If you're a burger fan, and haven't tried Christian's, go right now.  We'll wait 'till you get back and tell us about it.
<review# 2258,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/1/2008,6/3/2008,413,1019,6,7,8>Normally, I wouldn't be reviewing a Hooters. I mean, we know what Hooters is all about. I only indulge my TX boys dragging me here because they always pay and I don't actually mind the food. The fried jalapeno appetizer is addictive. And they are not kidding about the wings either.But I was surprised that I got such a great burger there. I ordered one medium rare with bacon and blue cheese and it was really good. It was cooked perfectly and they didn't skimp on the bacon or blue cheese. I totally macked it.So if I was giving stars for just the burger, it would be a 4. But I can't give this place anything but a middle of the road 3 because it's freaking Hooters.
<review# 2259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2008,6/2/2008,84,58,7,7,8>Tomo Arigato Mr. Roboto.....ok, I'll stop.Since when does eating sushi have to be expensive?  I really think this is some ideal fashioned by a hush hush secret society of sushi restaurant owners headed by a Dr. Evil-looking villain that may also happen to be the owner of RA or Uptown Sushi.  Yes.  When eating raw fish, you should be careful.  Yes.  Fish is more expensive than rice, cheese, beans and flour.NO.  Fish should not be more expensive than Kobe beef or last month's child support check!Tomo doesn't pretend to be something it's not.  Tomo is a no-frills establishment that serves up quality sushi.  They have some pretty good rolls and do all of the standard stuff pretty well.  Their sashimi is decent.  I usually stick to rolls and nigiri.  The service is always friendly and pretty speedy.  Tomo is not cheap sushi.  It is value-priced sushi that doesn't sacrifice quality.  I have been to Nobu several time and enjoyed it every time.  However, I also go to Tomo and enjoy it more often than I can get to a Nobu-type restaurant.  At the end of the day, you don't have to go to Morton's for a burger when the one at Chili's will do just fine.  So stick it to Dr. Evil and that crazy looking cat of his and go get yourself some good sushi at great prices.  Give Tomo a try and I think you'll be glad you did!
<review# 2260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2008,6/1/2008,26,11,9,24,20>I have to agree with Shana P. and say that this is one of the prettiest malls in the area. It's a mall that you might find in Beverly Hills, CA.  There are such a great variety of shops to choose from and would more than likely, be able to find what you are looking for.  I'm a real girl at heart and love to shop.  So this place could be my second home.
<review# 2261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2008,5/30/2008,18,39,2,10,7>Sage 400 is good.  Really good.  Out of all sushi restaurants in the Galleria area, this would have to be my favorite.Their sushi selection is big and their list of rolls and specialty rolls is almost too big - you see about four or five you'd like too try.  A little cream cheese heavy, but a ton of spicy options, which I love.  My favorites would have to be their Phoenix roll, fire dragon roll, and and volcano roll.What makes Sage 400 one of my favorite sushi spots, however, is their consistency.  Even if you don't order something unique to the restaurant, classics like the California rolls or Spider rolls are fresh, firmly packed, and have a good rice to filling proportion.If you go for dinner, dress up a little bit.  Not to extremes, but no sweatpants or tennis shoes.  Go for lunch, however, and feel free to dress a bit more casual.  The prices are competitive, not cheap but not outrageous.
<review# 2262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2008,5/29/2008,347,105,10,6,8>THE DEAUX DOESN"T DISSAPOINT!!!!! I REPEATTHE DEAUX DOESN"T DISSAPOINT!!!!!Went on a lazy Saturday afternoon with some friends had the oyster trio. Absolutely delish!!! Got the crab fingers. Mmmmm goodness. Had a nice cold Abita beer to wash it all down. i usually get the ponchatrain platter but I didn't have room this time around. Finished it off with a nice key lime pie (kinda too sweet, not enough tang). All in all pretty good stuff.Service was top notch. No less than three waitstaff at my beck and call (hey, can I get a manicure here too???) A friend of mine in the restaurant industry  told me that if you get trained in any Pappas restaurant you can go to any of Houston's other fine dining establishments and they will welcome you with wide open arms. It's that good my friend.
<review# 2263,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/31/2007,5/28/2008,168,64,8,10,6>I'm not sure how politically correct it is to name a seafood restaurant Reef considering the world's reefs are disappearing... Okay, I'm just being facetious.Lame attempts at humor aside, my friends and I went to Reef because it was relatively close to The Roof. While I think the restaurant succeeds at being seemingly hip and modern, it couldn't disguise the fact that the food was not all that great. It wasn't terrible, and some of the dishes I tried showed signs of promise, but for the money, I think you are really paying more for the ambiance than the food.  For example, there was a shrimp appetizer with avocado that sounded really good on paper, but it was like 2 pieces of shrimp with an even shrimpier serving of avocado. It makes me wonder what they did with the rest of the avocado. If you're going to put avocado as part of the meal, it really should be more than just a sliver, or just say it's the smallest slice on the planet so that I'm not teased into thinking that even if the shrimp sucks, at least they can't mess up the avocado.Anyway, the food was good, not great. On some nights, I'm sure it's loud since it was a little on the noisy side when we went. I'd recommend it for a group of friends that you want to fool into thinking that they're eating somewhere fancy, but not for any special occasions for loved ones or anything (unless you really don't love them).The tap water was good!
<review# 2264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2008,5/26/2008,9,4,,10,8>I love The Breakfast Klub!I'm a southern boy and fried catfish is where it's at... and this place has the best I've ever had BY FAR. I've been to the Klub twice, and both times I ordered Katfish and grits, and both times it was one of my favorite breakfasts ever.The grits are good, which I've never said about any other restaurant. Usually they're watered down or instant. These are good and hearty with plenty of butter. The eggs were good, cooked perfectly (over medium). But the catfish was to die for, there's a really interesting flavor in the batter that I can't place, and it has just a hint of spiciness without actually being what I'd call spicy.The staff were very friendly and genuine, and on my second visit the owner was out greeting people and visiting tables.Definitely my favorite breakfast spot in Houston. The only downsides are the parking, of which there is next to none readily obvious, and the line: there will always be one.
<review# 2265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2007,5/25/2008,4,17,,7,3>The soup trio was a great starter with the salad as a meal.  They have large portions and the waitress was very nice and accomodating to our check being split 5 ways.  I am coming back tonight before the opera and cannot wait!
<review# 2266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2007,5/24/2008,26,32,8,9,6>PEW PEW PEW!"Mommy! That old guy shot me again!""And I'll zap your six-year-old butt back to Xargon Quadrant Alpha if you come into my sniper spot again!"Laser Quest is a good spot for Laser Tag.  The staff is friendly and move the games along quick.  The combat area is appropriately black lit and consists of two stories with plenty of twists turns and aformentioned spots that are perfect for sniper mode.  I played four games and never had a gun malfunction, and the crowd that was there was mixed in ages but everyone was good natured.The only thing that keeps me from giving them 4 and 1/2 stars is that we didn't play any team games, every game we played that day was a free for all.
<review# 2267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2008,5/23/2008,18,39,8,9,7>If I were to start my own religion ala L. Ron Hubbard, I would center it on spice.  And, no, not "the spice of life" but on lovely, earthy spice.  Penzey's Spices is a store that caters to my capsaicin cravings (and takes it a little farther by offering herbs as well).  In addition to the spicy chilies and powders, they meet my strange obsession and addiction to cinnamon.  Not just any cinnamon, mind you, but they carry the crack-like  Extra Fancy Vietnamese Cassia.  Seriously, cinnamon is wonderful isn't it?  Did you know that it can cure cancer, arthritis, and make your brain bigger?  For just $99.99 I can show you how.Moving on from the strange cinnamon diversion above, I must say that my savory standouts are their smoky Red Chipotle Powder, Smoked Spanish Paprika (think regular paprika flavor on steroids, hgh, and X), Garam Masala (essential for any Indian dish and even though it can be bought cheaper at an Indian grocery I don't live near one so Penzey's wins for convenience), and various curries that I am now too tired to go into.I will say that I was disappointed in their Singapore seasoning as I felt it was more Lemon-Pepper and less Asian...and that is part of the problem with them - they are not always accurate with Eastern spice combinations.Herbs are all high quality and their blends (Italian, Provence, etc.) are generally spot on.Both herbs and spices can be bought in gift boxes of various themes and if you don't find a combo you like you can make one yourself.  Further, they have pretty good Hot Chocolate mixes and gift sets.Finally, the women that work here are always happy, always helpful, and put a smile on this embittered, cynical soul.  Oh yeah, did I mention that they have little sample jars you can open and sniff to your hearts delight?  What, you don't see that as spiritually uplifting?  There is something wrong with you.  Just because I sometimes go just to smell and not to buy doesn't mean I am strange.  It is all you.  Sinner.
<review# 2268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2008,5/21/2008,13,25,8,13,7>I have long straight hair that thinks it's a sponge.  Think chia pet on humid days!!  I discovered Kiehl's "Heat Protective Silk-Straightening Cream" about 9 months ago.  Angels wept...this is good stuff!! The store in Highland Village is fabulous.  It is artfully and logically laid out.  You can find what you want easily.  The people that work there give sensible advice about products and you don't feel like they are selling you anything they think you will buy.  The products they sell you are, for the most part effective.I have tried the body cream (love it), the foaming bath (great smell not so great foaming) and the lip glosses (highly recommend),  If you have hair like mine get the hair products.  They are not on the low end of the price scale, but I would rather pay for something that works than have a whole cabinet full of drug store crap (can you say crap on here?).The best part of the whole place are the rows and rows of little drawers behind the counter.  Make nice with the sales people and you will be treated to a bagful of goodies from the little drawers!!  Why is it so exciting to get free samples?  On a side note if you prefer internet shopping the website is great and they include samples with every order.  If you earn frequent flyer miles, check out your provider.  Mine gives 5 miles for every doller spent at Kiehl's.
<review# 2269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2008,5/20/2008,22,27,10,15,13>This is one of the little hidden gems that Houston has to offer, which you will never find unless someone tells you to go.  So I am telling you - go!  You are missing out if you don't!A tiny, blink-and-you-miss-it storefront restaurant.  The restaurant is all in a single small room.  But the food!  The food is to die for.  Come here for the Ceviche.  If you've never had ceviche, it might intimidate you, but it is so delicious - one of those things that everyone must experience at some point in their lives.  And, the Lemon Tree is one of the few (maybe only?) places in Houston that gets it right.  Ceviche is fish that has been "seared" by lemon or lime juice.  It hasn't been cooked by heat, but the lemon juice effectively sears the fish, turning it that same whitish color of traditionally cooked fish.  Ceviche has an incredibly light, refreshing flavor - a wonderful treat on a hot summer day.  Just trust me on this.  Try it.  I am the whitest white girl you ever met, and I am a finicky eater, and I loved it.I can't remember the name of the other excellent menu item they offer.  It is strips of steak and onions and french fries all mixed together and served on top of a bed of rice.  You must be sure to order this when you come.  It is rich and satisfying and cooked to perfection.
<review# 2270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2008,5/19/2008,40,58,,7,6>I am 100% addicted to their Penne Perfetto.  Basically sausage in a tomato cream sauce on penne pasta.  My husband and I always get it and split a large house salad for dinner.  We bring our toddler and the staff is very courteous to help us out with highchairs and dropped passies.  Go here at 6:30 on a weeknight at it is a sea of highchairs and baby carriers.  Weekday lunchtime buffet is awesome.  It is $8 and change for the buffet which includes pizzas, sausages and peppers, pasta, and a house salad.  Their balsamic vinaigrette and blue cheese dressing are delicious.  Wine selection is pretty nice for a casual dining place and they have wines by the glass by some local wineries at times, which is nice.Oh, I almost forgot.  Their pies are perfect if not a bit rich since they love their sausage (what Candelari's is known for).  We often call in an order and pick it up.  They deliver but not to our part of town yet.
<review# 2271,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/28/2008,5/17/2008,68,101,6,11,8>I visited El Palenque Mexican Restaurant for the 3rd time last night. I walked in about 7pm and went straight for the bar which had one open seat with my name on it. The Bartender has been the same gentleman every time I have visited, rumor has it that he is the only bartender there and he works 6 shifts a week, open to close. BRUTAL!Anyway, the bar service is decent, nothing spectacular, but the drinks are mighty good. The beer is cold and the margaritas are marga-awesome.The food is where I haven't been overly excited. Last night I had the quesadillas (chicken) and they were pretty typical. The guacamole seems to be a pre-made as it is VERY green. I've also had the pollo loco before, which is 1/2 a grilled chicken with all the sides you would expect, and again, nothing great. In fact, the chicken was pretty dry. The taco and enchilada plates are pretty greasy but the portions are enormous.The atmosphere here is great, the bar is fun (2 TVs) and the food is okay. I'll go back but mostly because it is so close to my house.
<review# 2272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2008,5/16/2008,24,133,2,8,9>I've lived in London and I can tell you Fox & Hound is nothing like an English Pub.  However, it is a nice restaurant/sports bar.  It is a pretty big place and there are many different rooms that will cater to what you're looking for, including an outdoor seating area.  One large room has pool tables and large flat-screen TVs.  I went here to watch the NCAA Sweet Sixteen and it was great because they were playing multiple games at once.The crowd was your typical after work crowd.  Later in the evening locals came out and the scene seemed to change a bit.My waitress was AWESOME - Kelly, ask for her.  I've been a waitress, so I'm a good judge :)Food was mediocre food you tend to expect at bar/restaurants.Overall, a pretty decent place.  I'd recommend it more for happy hour, sports viewing, etc rather than for a meal.
<review# 2273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2007,5/15/2008,120,129,5,14,6>Oh, my review for this place is long overdue.  How would I describe Pho Kim?Let's see...Would it be:a) A slice of Vietnam in my backyardb) A place where everyone knows your name orc) All of the above?If you answered (c), you are correct!!!  ::in Bob Barker voice:: Ding ding ding ding ding!! ::cue "The Price is Right" music::This place kicks ass.  I've only been here 3 times, but that's because I either show up after 8, or on a Sunday, or Sunday night at 8.  (They are open from 10am-8pm, Monday to Saturday and closed Sundays.  The top chef's daughter, the one who pretty much runs the show in this tiny hole-in-the-wall place, told me that her mother has been a chef in Texas for over 30 years.  She wanted to "retire," but still wanted to run a restaurant "for fun", so they decided to open a much smaller restaurant with less grueling hours.  How awesome!  Hell, a place this good should be able to dictate when they open.)  The place is run by cute little Vietnamese women who just wishes I was one of them!  I walked in and the daughter said, "Hey, I haven't seen you in awhile!"  (They always speak Vietnamese to me even them I've repeatedly reminded them I'm Chinese... maybe I'm just a very versatile Asian.  I get mistaken for everything else BUT Chinese!  I blame my Taiwanese darker skin....anyway, I digress).  The pho is made fresh.  I like to get the pho with the raw slices of beef.  It's sliced so thinly that when dunked into the hot soup, the soup cooks the meat perfectly.  Some places add MSG to their soups--I can tell because I get hella thirsty afterwards--but their beef broth is simmered to perfection.  I like to add a ton of Sriracha and Hoisin sauce to my pho.  It is the perfect winter picker-uper.  It will guarantee your belly warm and full and nose running!  I believe their signature dish is their appetizer, actually.  Now, everyone knows what the spring roll is.  They have this pork paste roll.  It's pretty much like the spring roll as far as the construction of the roll and the accompanying veggies inside, but they ground up the pork, make it into a paste, and grill it.  They also add some crunchy stuff inside (like the fried shell of an egg roll).  Then you dip it in this special pork spicy sauce.  It is Mmm-Mmm good!  When they first opened about a couple of months ago, they had a grand opening ceremony where they gave out free (yes, FREE) food during lunch, and they had lion dancers come to grace the restaurant (I will post pictures later).  Now, it seems like the neighborhood has heard about this quaint little place because we came last night around 7pm (we managed to get off work "early") and it was PACKED!  At least 3 people came in and out for take-out within the span of an hour and 5 families/couples were in the restaurant dining.  The daughter and their sole waitress were swamped.  However, they were super nice and apologized when we had to wait a bit longer for our Pho (in my experience, Pho comes out within 5 minutes, no kidding).  But it was totally worth it!  Just thinking about it makes me hungry... aw damn it, it's not lunch time yet.This is as close to Vietnam as you can get, people.  In my book, 5 stars is a truly transcendental, orgasmic experience...this wasn't exactly that, but pretty damn close!
<review# 2274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2007,5/13/2008,19,42,7,20,13>I have a daughter that just turned nine, and her special birthday wish was to ride in a limo.  Yeah, right I thought!!One night while out in Sugar Land, I spotted possibly the ugliest bright hot pink limousine I had ever seen.  That's just the thing my kid would love, so I wrote down the number and proceeded to call.Sweet and Sassy is a salon for little girls, and the limo is part of their party packages.  You must see it to believe.  The party was much better than the standard Libby Lou (for those of you with little girls know the role of LL in their life), and the parents loved the idea of their kids riding in a limo.  The girls all had make-overs, walked the red carpet, received their faux Oscar, and were interviewed for all to hear.  My daughter thinks I am THE COOLEST DAD in the world, and I agree.  There are different party packages to choose, none of which are cheap, all of which the kids LOVE!  I'm still getting "thank you's" from her friends and their parents.   A great party experience for your special kid!
<review# 2275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2008,5/12/2008,17,181,,5,5>When you walk into Soma it fits right in with the new look of Washington Ave.  It is modern and trendy, with exposed brick walls and lighted pillars that change colors.  When I walked up to the hostess stand, I found myself to be a little worried about my upcoming dining experience.  While I waitress stood chatting with the bartender, right next to me, I waited for the hostess to appear.  A few minutes later she made her way back, which left me wondering about the level of service at this new establishment.However, from the moment our waiter stepped to the table I knew I was in for a treat.  We had the friendliest most personable waiter in the city.  He helped us navigate the menu and make a great wine choice.  The food at Soma is still developing; our meal on the whole was hit or miss.  The pear salad and the hot scallops were both amazing.  However the short ribs lacked flavor, even though they were perfectly tender, and the relaxation roll put us to sleep.On the whole, I will probably be back in a few months to see how the menu and service has developed.  For now I would recommend staying away for the sushi, as the food coming out the kitchen seems to have a lot more promise.  Enjoy!
<review# 2276,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/18/2007,5/11/2008,14,0,,8,5>Pretty neat place. It's big and there's a lot going on inside to keep you busy. There's a pool table, some darts, karaoke some nights, air hockey (which is always a plus if you suck at pool like I do), touch screens. They have bikini events some nights (according to their signs). This place does sort of have a male themed atmosphere but it's not offensive or anything. It's like Hooters mixed with a fun bar.There's a big patio if inside it gets to be too crowded. It's also a sports bar so when there is some type of sports event going on it's pretty packed with fans. They have a steak night (not sure which night) and a large menu (for being a bar). We ordered some wings and although not the best ever they were still pretty decent. They've got good onion rings. Oh and there's free popcorn..and I like free. The beer was cheap ($5.00-6. a pitcher) and cold. Free popcorn + air hockey + cheap beer = happy.
<review# 2277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2008,5/10/2008,110,250,4,9,5>The name Pho Be reminds of the Friend's character, so I think of it as the spacey blond Vietnamese place.  Yes, I already know that I'm strange.I just dropped in to get some chicken noodle soup since I was 1) sick and 2) dying to try some Pho and 3) needed a snack and fast!The restaurant is ok looking on the inside.  Not ugly, but not spectacular.  It's kind of plain, but it seems to work.  It's also ethnic enough to convince you.Like I said, I dropped in, ordered Pho (Vietnamese Noodle Soup) with chicken and waited like 10 minutes and walked out with a big bag of stuff for $7.95...maybe it was about $10 with tax.I'll just say - I'm hooked.  The soup was so delicious.  They just gave me a bowl with the broth in it and gave me a to go box with the chicken,  noodles and other herbs.  I also got a Zip lock bag with more cilantro, red onions, hot sauce and basil.  I literally threw everything in but the hot sauce (which I used to dip my leftover noodles in - delish!!) and it was great.  It was very good and hit the spot.  You know sometimes when you're sick and you just want some soup?  But you also want some soup with a good amount of substance, but not too heavy?  This is it.  Like I said, I'm hooked and I'll be getting more.  I just need to find a place to supply my "fix" here in MD since I was just visiting TX.
<review# 2278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2008,5/9/2008,120,112,3,7,6>It's been a while since I enjoyed spending $60 on myself.After work on a Friday, several people from work wanted to walk over to Baker Street Pub.  Fine.  We had some laughs and several Killian's on tap ($2).  I ordered food for Starving-Football-Player who blew by and picked it up while we were imbibing on the patio.  A buddy (Jiu-Jitsu-Man) met me and my new work associates.  After the evening became......relaxed, some people headed out, others wanted to wallow in their relaxed state.  Me and Jiu-Jitsu-Man opted for a more sophisticated environ and headed over to Tommy Bahama's at Market Street.Tommy Bahama's has a laid back but high-minded feel to it.  Dark wood, great smells.    Comfortable.  When we arrived (9ish), I asked for a table on the patio.  There were few people left in the restaurant.  Although, they serve until midnight on weekends.  I asked our waitress for a wine suggestion.  She liked a Coppola Red.  I"m thinking......no.  I saw a Chilean Merlot and an Australian Shiraz.  I think it was Penfolds, Bin 2 or something.  The waitress offered to bring me a taster of the three I was considering.  The first was the Penfolds........exactly what I had in mind.  I tasted the other two:  The Chilean wine was sophisticated, but not bold enough; the Coppola was just bad.  Just cuz the guy made some gangster movies does NOT mean he grows good grapes.  Penfolds is on my radar.  Good stuff.I ordered the Big Island Goat Cheese appetizer: warm macadamia nut  encrusted goat cheese with warm mango salsa in a sweet soy glaze with herbed crostini.  YUMMY CHOw!  DElectitious! (New word.)  Un freakin believable.  Worth every one of the ten dollars they charge.Being that I HAD to have a second glass of the Penfolds, I ordered the crab cakes.  I know that crab cakes can be crap, but after the goat cheese, there was potential for something better.  And baby, it was sOmething more.  Fresh crab, light coconut crust with a sweet chili sauce, garnished with asian slaw and cilantro oil.  The good vibes comin from the food did more for me than the alcohol in the wine.I knew I was on the verge of complete and total pleasure with the goat cheese, but the crab cakes coupled with the wine shot me right over that rainbow.Add ambiance, slow jazz, warm southern breeze, water fountain splashing in the background.......good times,  good times.Next time.........Mojitos.
<review# 2279,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/3/2008,5/8/2008,251,723,3,7,4>I went to the lounge last weekend for an afterparty with a big group of people.  This place is definitely an upscale lounge and there's a dress code of some sorts, but the crowd was pretty diverse so maybe as long as all the goodies are covered, I think you're ok.  I don't usually go out to fancy places, but when the group you're with works for a living and they're buying, what's the harm?  The guys valeted their fancy car.  The doorman let people in whenever others left and we didn't have to wait more than 10 min.  I didn't even get carded (big shocker!), but I was with guys in suits so maybe that helped.  Once inside, you can ooh and aah over the plush decor.  High tables with bar stools, smaller tables and long couches in dark and rich colors and fabrics.  The noise level was pretty loud so not the best place for conversation.  Drinks were moderately strong and you could definitely smell the liquor in the drinks which made for a slight medicine-y taste.  The best part is the people-watching.  The crowd seemed upper 20's+, professionals mostly in trendy attire, ethnically diverse, but what they were wearing was also very diverse.  Maybe it's because of the rodeo in town, but there were a few people in cowboy hats and boots.   One group looked like part of a wedding perhaps from another part of the hotel, the guys in tuxes and I caught a glimpse of the bride in a lace, mermaid-style off-white gown.  And then a couple of girls in tight bandage dresses cut up-to-there with 5" platform heels who prompted me to ask, "how much?"  You know, the ones Amy Winehouse sings about in "F*ck Me Pumps." Anyways, to summarize:  Valet or find some street parking if you're willing to walk.  No cover, not sure how much were the drinks, but my guess is not cheap.  Good place to get dressed up and people watch because there won't be any dancing or live music.
<review# 2280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2008,5/7/2008,171,66,2,15,12>My friend recently purchased a Massage Envy membership and, as a Christmas/Valentine's Day present, she bought me a massage using one of her guest passes.Parking was kind of a pain since this location is in the same parking lot as Capital Grill and it was Valentine's Day, but that was the only even slightly bad thing about the whole experience.I've had lots of massages in my lifetime, but this one definitely ranked up at the top of them.First of all, let's talk about the location.  I walked in and didn't have any idea it was as large as it actually was.  There had to have been about ten massage rooms.The rooms themselves are the perfect size - not too big, but not too small.  They feel intimate rather than claustrophobic.  The massage table was extremely soft and comfortable.  It felt heated, though it might not have been.My massage was given by Louis Z. and it was absolutely top notch.  I like my massages on the hard side.  I carry a lot of tension in my shoulders and if there isn't a fair amount of pressure, it's like I'm not even getting a massage.  Louis was great with a firm touch that was also soft.My shoulders almost always have at least some tightness in them, but they don't now. My feet, one of the spots that I asked him to concentrate on, feel excellent as well.  In addition, I didn't realize it until he started working on me, but my calves and thighs were sore and feel excellent as well.I had such a great experience there that I'm thinking of signing up for their membership myself.  If I do, I'll be sure to come back and let you know what I think about it.Massage Envy, and especially Louis, is highly recommended if you need some relaxation in your life.  And face it, who amongst us can't?  Be sure to give them a call.
<review# 2281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2008,5/5/2008,231,235,4,8,5>My boyfriend surprised me on my birthday weekend with dinner at The Melting Pot. I was pleasantly surprised because every time we drove by it, I wanted to go and just try it out. I've been to other fondue restaurants and this one is just as fun and good. The thing is that we didn't have reservations, but were seated within 15 minutes. Luckily we went later in the evening so the restaurant was clearing out. I would definitely suggest reservations if you decide to go just to avoid waiting.We sat at the bar while we waited for our table and I ordered the Yin & Yang Martini. Oh my goodness, this was a drinkable dessert with of course the adult twist of alcohol. I wanted to order more, but didn't want to fill myself up. We decided to do the Big Night Out which consists of the cheese fondue, main entree, and dessert. One caution...this is a lot of food even for two people, so bring your appetite. The cheese fondue was good although I do wish it was a little hotter. The main entree was delicious. The down side to doing the Big Night Out option was that we were too full to have dessert. Luckily this happens often so they give you a coupon so that you can come back just for the dessert.All in all, it was a very fun experience but remember you are cooking at your table so you may smell like your food when you walk out. I am definitely going back, this time its all about the dessert!
<review# 2282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2008,5/4/2008,421,256,5,6,7>First off, Dunobaby is a primarily milk-tea business, with everything else as a perk. In fact, this perk is three-fold at LEAST:1. This shoppe is tucked in the NE corner of Hong Kong Market. Walking up to their doors we'd always see this attractive Asian woman in a bright blue stewardess' uniform, perpetually smiling and waving at us from inside the neighboring space. We never waved back however. She always wanted to push a two-way flight deal on us to Maui, and quite frankly she was kind of lifeless.2. The owners really are friendly, sympathetic people. Especially when they realize the sun-burnt group who just came in were previously pointing and laughing at a cardboard cutout ad at their neighboring travel agency. Silly kids.3. Crepes are sold here. And not just fruit crepes. Oh no, my friend: diabetic-Sundae-banana-entrenched-ice-cream-with-­fudge- nuts-and-strawberry-syrup-drizzled-all-over crepes.These crepes are called Liberty Crepes and are freely and patriotically served in stands to keep them, erect. Ahem. Just why are these liberties stood up, you ask?I-Duno-baby..
<review# 2283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2007,5/3/2008,36,41,5,12,7>I've been labeled 'hard-core" and "emotionally unavailable" by some people, but to prove that there is a soft center underneath this hard exterior, I've decided to compile a list of the 10 most romantic places in Houston. (Excuse me a second while I pop some pills to hold down this vomit.)So I lied a little. I don't exactly have 10 places yet. I have four. So far. And the Boom Boom Room is No. 4. What is the Boom Boom Room exactly? When I first heard of it, it sounded like some crazy dance club I hadn't gone to yet. But, rest assured, it's not another one of those. Actually, it's a nice, dark little cozy lounge nestled somewhere in the Heights area. Their specialty is wine, and boy, are they serious about their wine here. I'm talking about there is no separate wine list because the entire menu is filled with wine, and, oh yeah, it also has a few food items in case you actually did want to chew something. It's the largest wine list I've seen, period. Reds, whites, chardonnays, champagnes...you name it. I was there on a Sunday, where they had a special on mimosas ($1.50 each!) The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. I couldn't decide between two white wines and the main guy there let me sample both.This is a great place for a date because the room is mostly lit by candlelight, the furniture is comfortable and cozy and the tables are small enough to sit close to each other and share secrets or kisses without straining your neck or back. It's hard to find places like these without having to spend an arm and a leg. Over here, however, the prices are reasonable (about $7-10 a glass like most places, with the option of buying wines by the bottle.) The only things I could say I didn't like about this place is that it's hard to find, the neon green exterior is tacky, and the parking lot is small. Otherwise, it's a little gem of a place and I was very impressed.
<review# 2284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2007,5/2/2008,11,111,,8,8>Incredible over-the-top delicious cocktails. Deep and wide range of beers. Food is OK but I need to explore more. This is a new Monica Pope establishment (of Tafia), but she and her partner (Andrea Lazar) kept the original icehouse name.Beaver's is getting much press on foodie websites. I did not have the BBQ so I can't dip my toes into the argument yet (is it Austin style? Houston style? Are their vertical smokers inferior to horizontal smokers? Is it strange to have BBQ with a cocktail instead of a beer? and on and on...). But Bobby the bartender is a phenomenal libation artist. He is a true mixologist in the vein of Pegu and Death&Co in NYC. A richmond gimlet? Out of sight. A margarita with egg white? you wouldn't think but, Amazing. A side car? Frothy ice on top so you actually get a texture contrast in a drink, not too sweet. Perfect. AND the drinks are actually pretty (a sprig of rosemary here, a star anise there...it's not pretentious, just an experience at all levels of aesthetics).Now food wise we only tried some appetizers, and they were...OK. A ceviche was what I call Texan style (I've only had it here): with tomatoes, and much less sweet than a horrible version I had a goode company. The seafood was fresh. I just prefer mine with lots of lime. Corn puppies were heavy. The vegetarian burger on its own is one of the best I've tasted (texture was varied, it was spicy, robust) but paired with the sweet bread was sub-par. I was assured by the staff that it was a random evening for veg burgers. They are still working out the kinks.The atmosphere is austere with monochrome, dampened colors. The acoustics are difficult if you want to talk with more than one person. Perhaps this kink will also be worked out.But in the meantime, I highly suggest visiting Beaver's to talk with the mixologist Bobby, the other very friendly bartender Kevin, and get your drink on. You will have an experience. And report back about the food.
<review# 2285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2007,5/1/2008,150,374,17,9,8>Coworker: "Psst, hey you."Me: "Me?"C: "Yeah you. I have an idea for lunch. It's the porn of greasy spoon burger joints. Wanna try?"M: "Greasy spoons have porn? Um, okay I guess, but only if it's legal?"C: "Don't worry!  C'mon, you can trust me! Have I ever steered you wrong?"M: "Well there was that time with the goat-"C: "Never mind that! This is beef! Charbroiled! And chili cheese dogs on a hamburger bun! Flames and meat - good stuff! I promise you'll love it."15 minutes later, we walk into a hole in the wall joint. The air is smoky from the grill. Dark and left in the 70's. A small bar in the corner - obviously for the regulars. Like being in "Pulp Fiction". A beautiful sight. The gal at the register takes our order with an emotionless expression on her face. She laughs politely at my crack about a menu item, but does so without smiling. Soon, our number is barked at us from the behind  counter for pickup.  The burgers are pretty good and really worth the price, which is low. We sat and ate silently on a gold glitter booth bench as we eyed the incoming customers, avoiding any eye contact and potential ensuing conversation. The food was good. Very good. I regret not ordering the heart-attack-inducing chili cheese dogs, but I knew I'd spend the rest of my next Sunday in a confessional if I did. Next time. After I spend a week on a colon cleanse.
<review# 2286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2008,4/30/2008,150,364,,4,5>I love Pho ... I mean, really really really love it.  And this pho place does not disappoint!  The service is very good and the food fast and fresh.  I like that they give you alternatives for healthier pho (I like 12b - the chicken pho w/white meat),  They tend to be a little stingy w/the bean sprouts, cilantro, mint, etc but if you ask for more -- they'll definitely bring more out.  This place should satisfy!Good eatin' folks!
<review# 2287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2008,4/28/2008,69,437,,6,5>Not quite as indie as River Oaks or Greenway Plaza, but they have more screens and show a lot of indie and foreign films here, mixed in with some of the more thought provoking mainstream ones. I feel like popularity has waned a little bit since the boom after it opened years ago, but i think its doing okay. Parking can also be kind of a hassle as you have to park in the garage underground and pay (be sure and get the ticket validated). There used to be a really good restaurant in the lobby but there was a fire in the kitchen and nothing has reopened (at least as of the last time i was there.) I like the other two indie theaters a little bit better, but it is nice to have a place that has 8-10 screens of 'alternative' films.
<review# 2288,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/22/2008,4/27/2008,519,263,,5,3>My friends and I stumbled upon Luling City Market after attending the Drift Showoff event in Houston. I insisted on having BBQ in Houston, so we decided to check out this hole in the wall...I liked the dark, woodsy, low budget ambiance of the place, and the meat was laid out behind the counter so you could look at it before ordering. My friends and I ordered a bit of everything so we could taste everything there...The potato salad and coleslaw were pretty good, but the sliced white bread that they serve with the BBQ was pretty unimpressive. I think they should have tried harder, maybe with some fresh, steamy buttermilk biscuits or something. Come on guys, work with us here.PRO! My favorite item of food, hands down, was the smoked sausage. Actually, all of us liked it alot. It was very flavorful and spicy enough to have some kick. Not bad at all.CON! I did not like the chicken at all, because it was super dry and flavorless. And the chicken skin wasn't even crispy, so I was thinking WTF the whole time, wishing I could trade the flavorless chicken for some more smoked sausage or tri tip or something. El Pollo Loco does chicken better, and that's a chain, so Luling's should be ashamed.The BBQ sauces at Luling were pretty good, so I won't complain about those at all.The beef brisket and tri tip were good and soft... however, I wish the beef (and chicken) had more actual flavor and spice to it, so I wouldnt have to drown the meat and bread in BBQ sauce.I ended up having to drink a ton of iced tea to quench my thirst from the super dry chicken. LCM overall was "okay." The smoked sausage was awesome, so I gave this restaurant 3 stars just because of the sausage! ......... but to be honest, I expected more from Houston. I thought all BBQ spots in Texas would have BBQ down to a science, but maybe the guys at Luling City Market didn't do their homework.
<review# 2289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2008,4/26/2008,121,865,1,5,6>It's all about the waitresses.  They wear school girl type outfits, and without this aspect of the bar it would be only a 4.  The beer selection is one of the best in Houston and they have a nifty system to track the beers you have ordered so that you can slowly work your way towards 200 different beers and get your name on a saucer on the wall.  Average prices, average food, but parking can be a headache sometimes.  Stick to the beer, their mixed drinks are not impressive.  Service tends to be good and of course I spend most of my time enjoying the view.Random Fact:  On the 4th Tuesday of each month the Houston Young Republicans tend to take over the upstairs from about 9-11 pm.  It's also a known hang out for the UH College Republicans.
<review# 2290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2008,4/25/2008,47,119,1,19,9>OK, I have to admit it. I am not superwoman. I cannot hold down a full-time job, take care of two kids, try to remain reasonably social and active, and cook dinner every night of the week. Enter Diet Gourmet.Diet Gourmet is a meal-service delivery company serving the Houston area and other Texas cities, with handmade, high-quality meals. There are no month-to-month contracts, no minimums, and no hassles whatsoever.Essentially, Diet Gourmet works on a five-week menu rotation. There are two calorie levels -- 1100 and 1700. You purchase meals for Monday-Thursday and/or Friday-Sunday, and normal pickup times are on Mondays and Fridays. They will also deliver, but there is a fee. You can select any combination of breakfasts, lunches or dinners, or purchase items a la carte. We order their regular and vegetarian options for Monday through Thursday dinners, and I also order lunches for myself for the same period. The food is high quality and tasty, but easy on the seasonings, probably to appeal to a broader market. Unlike other services, the food is not meant for the freezer though the meals can be frozen and reheated if desired. Diet Gourmet essentially plans each meal and assigns it a letter A-D to let you know in what order the dishes should be eaten; for instance, fish dishes are almost always Meal A, to be eaten earliest.I love the convenience of this service. I'm not organized enough to get into bulk cooking, where you spend Sunday cooking your meals for the week (also to be reheated from frozen). I also investigated the option of a personal chef to do my Sunday cooking for me, but I found that the cost of that service is prohibitive; they also typically come and cook in your kitchen, which I didn't want to bother coordinating. The price of meals is pretty reasonable. As advertised, you can eat three squares for about $20 a day. The a la carte options really give you a lot of flexibility in how much you spend though because even though breakfast, lunch and dinner prices vary, the caloric intake is almost the same for all meals. So if you eat breakfast for dinner, you're spending $4 instead of $10 but getting a similar nutritional intake. In any case, I know I am saving money on this service because Diet Gourmet has significantly reduced the Chinese takeout, pizza deliveries, and schlepping of small children to restaurants when I can't be bothered to make dinner. The food is healthy and flavorful, and we can actually focus more on talking and spending time together as a family. A wise businesswoman once told me that as you climb the corporate ladder you have to start hiring things out and not feel guilty about it because you can't reasonably do everything yourself. That's probably the best career advice I've ever gotten, and Diet Gourmet has been a real boon in helping me follow it.One star removed for there only being three vegetarian options on the four-day menu, and for the fish dishes to be slightly off the mark. The fish has always been fresh, but neither my husband nor I like them as much as the other dishes we've had.
<review# 2291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2008,4/24/2008,77,240,3,9,7>Awesome. This is what Downtown needs, an urban park to play, relax, read a book at the HPL express library, float a boat, run through a fountain, play bocce, eat and drink , take your dogs for a play date. The park is right in front of the George R. Brown convention center, there is a lot of parking available and street parking is free on Sundays. The thing that astonished me is that we watched the park during construction and were surprised that it seemed so small. Every week the City announced a new feature and we couldn't understand how it would all fit in such a small footprint. I visited on Sat. and I still can't understand how it all fits, but it does. It is like some grand astrophysics illusion, quite magical really.
<review# 2292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2008,4/22/2008,433,446,12,8,9>Here we were, 10 guys with engineering backgrounds all trying to look cool.  We were ignoring the fact that one of us screamed like a little girl when the cab driver started to make a right hand turn from the left lane in front of a semi truck coming up the right lane.  And not acknowledging that another guy almost peed his pants when the cab drive was driving on the wrong side of the road.  He won't admit it, but I think a little came out anyway.Fortunately I was in a separate cab.  Our taxi driver simply got lost on the way - twice.  But at one red light, we were staring across the intersection at car in our lane facing us.  See the above mentioned taxi on the wrong side of the road - it was them.  If I write a review of Houston taxi's, it will be a one star review. But this isn't about that.  This review is about some damn good Tex-Mex food.So we stroll into the original Ninfa's (and yes there were a couple of nerdy jokes about going to Nynpho's) to find that there was no bar area in which to wait.  So while most of the group milled around outside, I asked if we could have a margarita while waiting.  "No problem" they said.  Actually the answer was in Spanish, and I don't really know what he said, but a minute later a large waitress was there to take the order.  So I think he said something like "no Problem" (or maybe it was "F@&#*$g gringos, all they want is booze.").Yes, we waited a bit, causing a crowd to form since we were in the entry area where others ended up waiting with us, but 10 people walking into a small place expect to wait.  It was a fun crowd and a good mix of ages.  We chatted, checked out the coeds, and basically looked like a bunch of 40+ year old married engineering types trying to be sort of cool..Several of they guys in our group clearly like to eat.  Nobody left hungry.  Everything we got was tasty.  We had several apps, such as the Queso, Shrimp and Snapper Ceviche, and the Dos Camerones - several orders of each.  For the main dish we got two large fajita platters with beef, pork, chicken, and shrimp.  They of course came with the other fixin's.  Everyone ate a ton, all were happy, and each person had a hard time getting up from the table. Even the guys from Texas.We called for a hotel shuttle to take us back, no more Taxi's that night.
<review# 2293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2008,4/21/2008,100,447,1,6,6>There's nothing more convenient than walking to Late Nite Pie after doing some nostalgic Friday night 80s/new wave dancing at Numbers at 2am.  It's a pizza place that is housed in a former auto repair shop, and it's great when they have those garage doors open.  Plus, the artichoke/sun-dried tomato/goat cheese flavor combination on our pizza really hit the spot.  It's flavor over grease here, so load up on the garlic butter dipping sauce if you need some grease to soak up the booze.It's hilarious to fit a Britney Spears song like "Toxic" into the mix of songs you select on the jukebox.  Everyone stops what they're doing and looks around, confused.  Heh.Great, laid back service.  I just wish they could have beer after 2am.  I'm so spoiled now that I live in the Miami area, where bars and late-night eateries stop serving at 4 at the earliest.
<review# 2294,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/26/2007,4/20/2008,26,52,3,6,5>Live music and crowd interaction are always a good combination for a fun night!   The show opened with dueling pianos and then eventually progressed to a full band.  I had a great time singing along while my friend enjoyed the fabulous crowd watching.  The waitress was prompt and friendly.There was a definite slow down in pace/humor when the two guys who started the evening took a break and others musicians took their place.  I wish that the mystifying "High Rollers" and "Phrase of the Nite" (which seemed to be based on tipping) had been explained, as I spent some time trying to puzzle it out.  I think this would be a fabulous place to go as a big group.  Although I was warned to get there early, there were still open seats at the beginning of the show.  The place ultimately was PACKED, so if you want a seat, try to get there before 8:15pm.I almost forgot to mention that the club decided to try out a smoke machine a few minutes before the show began.  Apparently their fire alarms are very sensitive (safety first!), so there was over five minutes of shrieking fire alarms while the staff struggled to turn them off.
<review# 2295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2008,4/19/2008,20,333,7,13,10>Yay for yoga!  I hadn't done "hot yoga" for a while, so I let my awesome co-workers drag me to class at Bikram's last night.  I was ready to settle for just making it through 90 minutes in the 105 degree room without getting sick, but I managed to do the majority of what was required.Bikram's yoga is not like yoga you're used to.  The instructor wears a headset mic and talks a lot.  A LOT.  During my class last night, the instructor was worth about 3 stars - she corrected what needed correcting, motivated everyone through the disgustingly sweaty class, and kept everything going at a smooth pace.  I felt better when I mostly tuned her out, but to each his own.The atmosphere is friendly but a bit awkward...some people definitely fit the know-it-all stereotype that another reviewer mentioned, but others were really nice...just another slice of Houston humanity.  Don't be afraid to wear skimpy clothing (trust me, you will want to!!), even if you aren't in love with your body...everyone is too busy trying not to die of heat exhaustion to care what you look like.   There's no music or new agey crap during class (unless your instructor happens to talk about sharing energy, at which point you can decide for yourself)...just a lot of sweating.Bring: water, a mat (shared mats? ew!), a big towel, and a small towelWear: As little as possible.  I was somewhat overdressed in bike-type shorts and a tank top.Don't: push too hard, worry about what you look like, feel like you have to buy in to everything the instructor says, or get discouraged.  This is the hard stuff!!The best thing about this class is how you'll feel after.  It's a great way to get grounded, to push yourself, or to recover after an icky day.
<review# 2296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2008,4/18/2008,131,188,2,7,6>When it comes to pizza, NYC has the best hands down.  It doesn't matter where you buy your slice, the crust in New York can't be matched anywhere else.  Heck, the worst pizzeria there in my opinion is still far better then any pizzeria Houston has to offer.  Well that was, until Dolce Vita arrived on the Houston scene.  Sure it's not the same crust, however Dolce Vita's thin crust holds its own.  It alleviates any cravings that I have for a NY pie.It was a Wednesday night, and the parking lot was jammed with cars pulling in.  It almost deterred from coming in, but I figured if it's this crowded on a Wednesday then my butt needs to check it out.  After a 20 minute wait for a table, I found myself confused deciphering their menu.  They had all these subsections (Verdura, pesce, carne,fritto, formagio, etc.)   Each had 5 or more selections...  I thought they were toppings for you to make your own pizza.  Wrong!  My waiter stated that they were all just appetizers not pizza toppings.  Wow, so many appetizers!  So I ordered a calamari and the "speck" alto adige (like prosciutto its a type of cured meat) as starters.  I also ordered the vongole (clams, garlic, cherry tomatoes, mozzarella) pizza w/ an egg while my friend ordered a gnocchi al Ragu.  The calamari w/mint, oranges and olives was very good and light.  A nice little starter dish while the "speck" came out in strips of eight or so pieces like bacon.  Not bad either, I saved some and topped it on my pizza.  When my 12" pie came out, I was so afraid that I would not finish it.  Yet 10 minutes later I was wondering where it all went.  At first I was hesitant on ordering a pizza w/ clam toppings; I'm sure glad I ordered it.  It was so darn delicious!  Without all those carbs weighing me down, I was able to enjoy every single topping on that crispy crust.   Every crunch and crackle just made me wonder why I hadn't come here sooner!  Great pizza has finally arrived and I'm glad it's only a 5 minute drive from my house... and not a 5 hour flight to New York!!!
<review# 2297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2008,4/17/2008,69,44,1,8,6>I just plain love this video store.I (still) have a TV with a VCR on it, so I was thrilled to find that there is actually a video store out there that hasn't converted fully to DVDs. But, if you're completely converted to the digital age, fear not, there is an ample selection of DVDs. I wouldn't say they have *all* the latest new releases out there (fear not, I Netflix to get hard-to-find titles), but enough to make the average video store patron happy. There's a *great* selection of older titles (back to the late 80's or so), both run of the mill and somewhat obscure. (And if it's something you're looking for, there's an adult movie selection in back...not my thing, but now you know in case it's yours.)They also have some movies for sale, all super cheaply priced, and a decent selection of typical movie-watching snacks.And, better yet, they have generous rental times--5 days for VCR titles, 3 days? for older DVD titles, and 2 days for new releases, all of which are pretty darn cheap.What completes the experience is the owners, an older Asian couple who remember you when you come in and who are genuinely kind, helpful, and pleasant. Even if they don't have exactly what I'm looking for that trip (which is rare), I leave there content because the owners (who are the only folks I've ever seen working there) are committed to making coming in a satisfying experience for everyone. (Also, I appreciate that while I often come in with my backpack since I'm on my home from or to school, I've never once gotten the evil eye or overly-vigilant attention, and I've certainly never gotten a request or implication not to do so.)So, if you're looking for a really pleasant rental experience in the area, I'd highly recommend PS Home Movies.
<review# 2298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2008,4/16/2008,110,659,3,4,3>Despite what another reviewer said, I think Love Field has Hobby beat in the ghetto category, at least in the area past security. Hobby is an airport that can't decide if it wants to be a modern, 2008 airport, or an airport circa 1978. I like it for the relatively close location to downtown (especially compared to IAH), and for the relatively short security lines (at least when I've been there). Throw in some Pappasito's and Pappas Burgers, and a long wait at the gate isn't all that bad. Bonus point for the bathrooms that have doors large enough to actually bring your suitcase in without dragging it over the piss stained floor (hello Love Field).
<review# 2299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2007,4/15/2008,30,39,10,11,7>I've ridden the metro rail almost every weekday for the last year and a half and love it.  There are so many things wonderful about this system that I must use list form:Metro Rail is...1) Clean, both for the environment and, in general, inside the cars too.2) Convenient, no driving required!  Just grab a seat and read on your way to your destination3) Consistent, if you miss the train during a week day, another train will be along in 6 minutes4) Cheap - $2 a day round trip beats driving or paying for parking, whether your work downtown or in the Medical center, parking both places is expensive5) a great way to get to entertainment - you can find all sorts of places within walking distance of the metro rail: the zoo, science museum, museum of fine art, Rice University, Theater District, Downtown, Reliant Stadium.  The downsides:1) While there are a lot of places on the rail line, the rail doesn't cover much ground.  If you want to go elsewhere in Houston you have to either just drive there yourself or take a bus to where you need to go3) Really only useful if you either live on the rail line or use the park and ride.2) If the train breaks down, hope for a swift death, they usually don't have enough buses to spare in order to get you to your destination.  Granted, the train hardly ever breaks down, I've been on it only once where it was a huge mess and a handful of times when drivers were stupid and caused the train to be delayed for about 30 minutes.Now there are some odd people on the train, people with horrible B.O., people who you would swear just broke out of a mental institution, but they are mostly harmless.  Just ignore them and choose another seat or, if you feel brave, chat them up to see what crazy stories you can tell your friends about.  I've talked to some amazing people on the train, and yes, some not so amazing, but you find people on both ends of the spectrum just about everywhere.  Besides, most of the people who ride the train are Medical Center and Downtown workers.  As a side note I'd say the most memorable moment I've had riding the train is getting hit on by a guy singing "My Humps" by Fergy.  I wasn't amused, but it took the top spot for most memorable from the guy who looks almost exactly like Bill Murray getting harassed because someone though he actually was Bill Murray.
<review# 2300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2008,4/14/2008,23,86,,14,17>Best service...consistent all the time. Quiet and romantic. Great for a party of 6 or 8 and even on a date.Everything is great on the menu, even their desserts. I normally order pad-thai at every Thai restaurants on the first visit to measure their authenticity and quality. A good Thai restaurant must have good pad- thai. (you'd be surprised). Ask for additional spice condiments. Each of their three spicy condiments changes up your dish. I don't have a specific favorite dish because all the curries are delicious, their spice level is perfect for us because we can really take on heat. We usually request for additional heat - fish sauce w/ fresh lime & chili peppers. If you like spice, you should try the fish sauce condiment. Its not your typical fish sauce mix, they really put effort into this little sauce.Very elegant from the decor, staff and presentation.Ginger hot tea is excellent. (I love teas). Of course, Thai iced tea and Thai iced coffee are always impressive. Prices are perfect for the quality. Whenever we're in town, we head straight to Thai Bistro. This is our favorite Thai restaurant, unfortunately we do not have great Thai restaurants in New Orleans.
<review# 2301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2008,4/13/2008,393,766,7,11,9>Okay, so after reading all the reviews for Ragin Cajun, I knew we'd have to check it out this crawfish season.  Sure enough, we started seeing all the crawfish signs going up and it wasn't long before the hubby was begging for a night of little critters.I'd like to take a moment and encourage proper attire.  I happened to be coming straight from work hence the work clothes.  Evidently that's strange.  Everyone else seemed to be very weirded out by the fact that I wasn't in jeans and t-shirt and understandably so.  I mean, eating crawfish is a messy ordeal, but I just didn't have time to change!That being said, we go in line (which moves pretty quickly, I might add) and looked at the menu.  Online, they just say that the crawfish is market value and as of yesterday, you could get 3.5 lbs for about $20.  Not the best deal I've seen, but I'm also weary when it seems "too good to be true".  Before I even had time to fill two soda cups, our number was called and our bucket of crawfish was ready.  We found a table in the back that was a little quieter and got movin'.  I'm personally a fan of putting the empty shells into another bucket (just seems a little less gross to look at for those with weaker stomachs), but since no one at our table was squeamish, putting the shells on the tray (covered in newspaper) was fine.  The seasoning on the crawfish was great.  It was nice and spicy and gave you that nice burn around the lips.  They weren't huge, but it is still early in the season, so I wasn't expecting much.  My huge disappointment (ahem, notice the lack of one star) was in the fact that they evidently boil their potatoes and corn separately.  What?!  Isn't it commonly understood fact that you boil it with the crawfish so you get the yummy juices and flavoring all over the veggies?!  It wasn't the end of the world since they had plenty of seasoning to choose from and I ended up fixing their mistake.  Hmph.The checked red and white nylon tablecloths gave it that cheapy feel, but the prices were a bit high to match that decor.  'Course, they also had about a billion flat screen tvs everywhere playing sports, and that seemed a little off as well.  The restrooms were disgustingly filthy and luckily all I wanted to do was wash off some of the seasoning from my  hands.  All in all, I'd be back in a heart beat.  I can't wait until it is a bit warmer so we can sit outside and get as messy as we want!
<review# 2302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2008,4/12/2008,94,117,3,6,3>Don't delay - try today.  I waited far too long to step into this mecca of Belgian and French cuisine.  A few things need to be cleared up since the Venu N. review did no justice to this fabulous eating establishment.  They are Belgian fries since it was, in fact, the Belgians that concocted the whole idea - and the frying process is different at Cafe Montrose (you'll find them to taste much better and have the perfect consistency - ideal for the fry enthusiast).The food is more Belgian than French, though the requisite French items appear on the menu.  Let me state that nothing on this menu can dissapoint - from the Cabonnade Flamade to the Pate - your palate will explode as an orchestra of food senses comes alive as a symphony in your mouth.I will state that I almost knocked them a star for their wine selection - I did expect more, but that was me being picky and there is something for every level of wine enthusiast from the amateur to those of wine fancy.  Though that being said, their ale selection was phenomenal and I applaud the choices being able to mix in so well with the dishes - as we often forget that good beer can also bring flavor to a dish like the wine can.While the menu is not wholly exhaustive - it does ring true to serving a diverse range of dishes all prepared in true form to their native regions of origin.  Expect a long stay - this is not a sit-down-and-go suburban Chile's or Appleby's, folks - this is pure Houston inner loop goodness with culture, sophistication and taste.  If you are hankering for horrible food served horribly fast, please head to Sugar Land, Conroe, or some other remote land of disillusion and eat at a chain restaurant. This is a place where you take your time and the kitchen takes time and it all comes out superb in the end.I read a review on here that stated something about vegetarian options on this menu - allow me to interject with my simple philosophy on this matter: I did not get to the top of the food chain to eat rabbit food.  You eat meat because it is part of a balanced diet, it is that simple.  So, you will never read a review I write to ever complain about such a thing nor shall I ever write about your vegetarian options as (in my humble opinion) your vegetarian option is always available: get a salad.  Leaves more meat for me.
<review# 2303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2008,4/11/2008,22,28,6,10,9>I have not had pho in any other place besides Pho Dung in years. Before that, I'd tried it in many different spots all over Houston, but now that I've seen the light, honestly, nothing else compares. First, you have to start off with the imperial rolls. They are fried to perfection, and come with crispy, cold lettuce for wrapping. Imperial rolls are one of those appetizers that you think are pretty standard everywhere you go, until you have some really exceptional ones. These are it.  Next is the pho. The deeply flavorful broth has a lightly oily and rich beef taste to it, and when you add the basil, bean sprouts, and squeeze lime (LOTS of lime, oh god yes) into it, it is absolute heaven. The red onion slices compliment the the thin pieces of beef perfectly, and the lime rounds off the broth with a little bit of tanginess. I cannot praise their pho enough. I don't know how they do it, and hell, maybe I don't want to know (voodoo?), but they do it well.PS. Cash only, suckers!
<review# 2304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2008,4/10/2008,839,439,3,8,7>Amen to Fayza and Stephy cause they are spot on about the place!! We headed there before a night in midtown and it was the best meal I've had in a LONG time!!First, the atmosphere was conducive to a night out, lots happening. The music was great but the acostics may need to get looked into because it was a little loud.We ordered a couple of iced teas and some cocktails. My drink was very strong!! So much that my cranberry and vodka was pink, not red like at the club!Our waiter was very busy with a large group that needed all separate tickets, so he wasn't exactly attentive. But other waiters checked on us occasionally. This usually would have cost them a star but I just can't do it. The food was that remarkable that they earned it back!!I had the herb crusted trout. I'm a bit of a seafood groupie since my dad has been a fishing captain and we always had the freshest seafood. My fish was fresh and delicious. I don't know what they did with it, but it was the best trout I've ever had!! It came with a nice amount of garlic mashed potatoes which were also great. Everyone else at the table had one of their pastas. One with chicken, another with shrimp, and one of the spicy creole. All were great. (By the way, this is one reason I love yelp- I can taste everyone's under the guise of "research" for a review lol)But the highlight of the dinner was the dessert! I insisted we order something and split it even though everyone was quite full. They were a little bummed to learn the only choices were bread pudding or creme brulee. We picked the bread pudding and have been thanking God ever since!! It came with a drizzling of a warm caramel cinnamon sauce that was quickly scooped up by us. Oh and it was huge! All four of us got a slice. It was warm and soft and melted in your mouth. Hmmm!! You HAVE to try this place!!
<review# 2305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2008,4/9/2008,123,317,12,13,10>Alright, I will nip this one in the bud.  I HAD to go somewhere for Mexican food close to my house because I had a guest from out of town here, and Ninfas was ridiculously packed.  Who knew they took reservations... not I.  Who knew they only took a certain number of reservations which already filled up by Saturday at noon... not I.  (both of which are shameful since I go there so often)So off we went to Merida to try it out.  It was recommended by my neighbor, so I thought it was worth a shot.  So in I go with my family friend from Japan, my roommate and my parents.  Our friend from Japan is a Mexican food novice, so we got him the Merida Special which was basically 3 different Yucatan specialties all on one plate.  I was jealous.  He loved it, and did what he joked he always does when he travels to America: ate entirely too much.  I got the Carne Guisada, which was cubed steak marinated in this mild sauce.  It had a decent flavor, but the meat was only just slightly above room temperature, so I was hugely disappointed.  My roommate got the chicken tamales which I tried and they were absolutely delicious.  We also shared a pitcher of margaritas which will definitely get a second try soon.  Oh, but by "shared" I mean my parents didn't want any, our Japanese friend had one glass and quit, my roommate was sensible since she was driving across town and only had one-ish... so I did my best to take down the pitcher.  Wow.  I am lucky I live close and didn't have to drive.  I usually don't even like margaritas on the rocks, but ya... they did the trick.All in all it gets 4 stars.  Not for my meal at all, but for the margaritas and the meals the rest of the group ordered that I got to steal from.So ya, fine, I guess I cheated on Mama Ninfa... but it wasn't my fault... she cheated on me first with all those pre-bookers.(oh, and they apparently have a good breakfast, so I will have to check that out and update)
<review# 2306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2008,4/8/2008,101,122,6,8,7>Sweet and sour shrimp delivered to my work? Oh.. why, yes please :D I wish I could tell you how many times I've eaten from here already, but it's kinda a lot. I've never actually eaten there at the restaurant, but I can vouch for the food and the delivery service.This poor restaurant gets that dreaded call from us at least once a week. Really, I wouldn't blame them if they got caller ID just so they can ignore our calls. They have a $15 minimum for delivery, and none of my co-workers carry cash... so of course we call them with 6 different orders that total over $15... but each order is paid for with a different debit/credit card. I really do feel bad sometimes for that unfortunate soul who has to bring our food and get all of our orders straight and all of our card receipts signed. They never complain about it though, and they're very friendly to us. Thumbs up on the service :)As for the food, the sweet and sour shrimp and eggrolls are tasty, but I really don't like their fried rice. Every time I've had it, it's been really dry and flavorless. Their potstickers are really good, though :D And the price is awesome
<review# 2307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2007,4/6/2008,562,618,6,9,8>Finally.. a place in Houston that has Soup Dumplings (Xiao Long Bao- en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xi) worthy of my arrogant, haughty tongue! =) Ever since I had some badass soup dumplings in Toronto a few years back I have been on a quest..  a energy drenching mission to find some in every popular Asian area. New York has Joe's Shanghai while Los Angeles has Din Tai Fung. Everywhere else I've tried has been dismal.. extremely dismal indeed. From Lai Lai's to Dumpling King everyone has been an imposter. Quite depressing for a city like Houston with such a great Asian population. Have we no pride in ourselves to have a place for all the soup dumpling lovers???Enter 2006 and 2007 with the great expansion of Chinatown on Bellaire.. and with it competition to light a fire under all the restaurants with the same boring food. Enter Fu Fu Cafe! My cousin who is from Taiwan and living here for a year to take classes at UH told me that there was a place in Chinatown that had pretty good xiao long bao.. and I was like shut up no way..  so we went and my expectations were low because I just expected it to suck like everywhere else we went in Houston for soup dumplings. Oh and they are called Steam Pork Buns on the menu. They only come 4 to an order.. I was thinking they were the small kind like at Din Tai Fung so we ordered 3 of em.. haha.. when they arrived I was like wtf these are fucking HUGE for soup dumplings!I wasn't quite sure how I was going to get the soup out with the normal strategy since they were so big so I just kinda bit the top off and slurped the soup out. Being the soup dumpling snob that I am I was pleasantly surprised at the flavor of the soup, the filling, and the texture of the skin! Its not quite as good as Din Tai Fung or Joe's Shanghai but close enough!! I was also quite impressed with the Green Onion Pancakes (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gr). Oh and there are also some people who think the dumplings here are better than San Tong across the street but San Tong is still the Dumpling King on the block!
<review# 2308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2008,4/5/2008,24,39,2,5,6>I really like the casual, no nonsense atmosphere of this place.  Everyone in there is pretty cool, but not in a "trendy hot spot" kind of way.  It's nice to go somewhere where the patrons couldn't care less what you look like or how much money you have.The beer menu is good, the prices are great and the bar is a fairly nice size for the space.  I will say however, the bartenders seem to be just a little bit apathetic about serving and serving quickly.  I'm not saying they are mean or bad at their job, I just think they think they're too cool for school because they work at Poison Girl.  They're fine.  Just don't expect to be best friends with anyone who works there because I'm pretty sure they think they're better than you.  Or maybe they're just exhausted.  Who knows.One of my favorite things about this place is the fact that they don't have music blaring so loud you can't hear your friends.  It's actually at a normal volume level, which is utterly fabulous in my opinion.  There seems to be plenty of seating inside and out.  It was crowded when I went so I wasn't able to find a nice place outside, but it looked fun out there anyway.  The bathroom is fairly clean.  When I was there it looked like someone had a toilet paper fight in it, but that's ok.  The stalls are nice and big, which is a big plus.  I'm not much of a pinballer, but by the looks of it, if you like pinball, this is the place for you.  They had like 6 or 7 machines all lined up and ready to be played.Parking is very iffy because I don't think they have their own lot, but you can probably find a space somewhere around the block.  It's worth it.  It's a great place.
<review# 2309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2007,4/4/2008,89,231,22,18,17>If, after reading all the previous 5-star reviews, you don't feel an urge to feast in this meaty paradise, allow me to take a more graphically persuasive approach:For those who find sex an apt metaphor for a culinary experience, dining at Fogo de Chao is a big, beefy, hardcore orgy. Every time I engorge myself here, I happily commit lust, gluttony and a host of more venial sins.From the moment the first tenderloin is forked, the meat never stops coming. I stab succulent moist flesh again and again but can't sate my desire. My rhythmic mastication evokes waves of intense pleasure until, in a climax of savory rapture, I moan, "Bring me my wine!"Its bold pungent bouquet and earthy nuances constrict my tongue and I gasp in lingual ecstasy as fluid pours into my mouth. Juices mingle and meat is eaten until, spent, I finally flip the coaster to red.Get the point?One of the cool things about Fogo is the opportunity to compare different cuts of beef one after another. Their subtle differences become very apparent. The last time I dined there, the sirloin was absolutely divine!I used to entertain large groups of International colleagues by taking them to Taste of Texas. I've now switched to Fogo for the ultimate carnal experience in Houston.Disclaimer: Any provocative imagery this review may incite is strictly a product of your own imagination. I have only described a dining experience.
<review# 2310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2007,4/3/2008,40,363,14,9,9>Ulta 3 saved me from thousands of dollars in therapy.  After my daughter's best friend cut her hair, my daughter wanted a major change too.  With a little bit of prodding, she convinced me to get out the scissors and get to work on lopping her hair off.  Then, disaster stuck!  As I was chopping off a length of hair, my daughter jerked her head and 'SNIP', a big uneven chunk fell from the side of her head.  I called my husband in and tried to mouth the words, "help me" without sending my daughter into a panic.  She picked up on my attempt to get aid and started to cry.  At that point, I knew I had to call in the professionals so I got an emergency appointment with Ulta 3 at the salon.We rushed over to the store with an 8 year old crying in the back of the car.  "I don't want to look like a boy!" she sobbed.  Although I assured her she could never look like a boy, my daughter was not very convinced.Our appointment was with Charlotte and she got us in immediately and told me I had done the right thing by just giving it up to the professionals rather than potentially inflicting more damage.  Then she calmed my daughter with another reassurance that she wouldn't leave the salon looking like a boy.  It sounded a lot better coming from her than from me.  Charlotte used all of her professional tools to trim down, even out and sculpt the hair that was left into a cute little style.  I am grateful to Ulta for quickly jumping in and fixing what could have been a tragedy for an 8 year old girl.  Now everyone talks about how cute my daughter's hair is and I know I have Ulta to thank for getting us through the hair emergency and helping me keep from deeply scarring my only child.
<review# 2311,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/18/2008,4/2/2008,0,0,8,7,8>I have one word for Kobain. Jukebox.And not one of those crappy internet jukeboxes, a real jukebox with real grunge and Seattle sound CD's. Listening to the bartenders iPod of bad nu-metal really sucks. Just because the bartender likes Korn, Blink-182 and Green Day, doesn't mean I like it. At least with a jukebox, even though my tracks may not get played while I'm in the building, I at least feel like I had a hand in what will be played.The sterile atmosphere of Kobain is made soothing by the comfortable leather couches and chairs as well as enough wood to make you feel like you are being held in the hull of an antique wooden ship. The main room feels like it was designed by a hospital architect that was given a budget to build a lodge but failed miserably.Great place for strippers, industry types, midtowners, jocks and frat boys.This place exudes everything that Kurt Cobain and Eddie Vedder despise(d). Sadly, Kurt is turning in his grave and Eddie is too busy ranting political to care.This is not the place Kurt or Eddie would frequent. They'd probably be at Poison Girl.
<review# 2312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2008,4/1/2008,45,20,17,25,22>Inspired, yet again, by an episode of Tony Bourdain's No Reservations, I found myself in search of the north Vietnam lunch staple called bun cha.  I reached out to a friend, who pointed me in Thien Thanh's direction without hesitation.  I then asked my barber, who replied much the same.  "Go west, young man.  But only a few blocks."  Don't let the exterior facade fool you.  Granted, it looks like a weathered, Full Metal Jacket set piece, but after living in Taiwan and traveling through Asia, I've learned that dilapidation ain't necessarily a bad thing.  Some of the best food I've had, I've eaten in the most humble of surroundings.  So imagine my disappointment when I realized the interior was clean.  Dammit!The bun cha hanoi blueprint: a Himalayan mound of snow-white rice noodles.  Another gigantic plate, practically a vegetable and herb jungle - lettuce, basil, and something that appeared mint-esque but tasted way different.  Finally, a bowl filled with warm pieces of grilled pork and meatballs (more like sausage patties), bathing in a sugar and nuoc mam (fish sauce)-based liquid midway between sauce and broth, and topped with slices of pickled carrot and daikon.Chopsticks poking at the clumped-together noodles, I manage to tear away a chunk and dip into the sauce, where the strands miraculously separate into slippery, slurpy goodness.  The idea here is the interplay between both taste and texture in every bite.  Smoky, charcoal-y flavor from the grilled meat (the black specks are your friend).  Salty, sweet, and a wee bit sour from the sauce.  Add to that the different consistencies of each ingredient - the slick noodles, firmness of the pork, and the fresh veggie crunch.  My one suggestion would be to include temperature in the equation and complete the trifecta - refrigerate the greens until service and watch as the teaming of cold and warm contribute to a mouth ballet.Fairly expensive considering the area, $8.50 an order, but easily splittable between two people.  Maybe that's what you're supposed to do...Full name: Banh Cuon Thien Thanh.  Cash only.
<review# 2313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2008,3/31/2008,43,17,,8,7>I love this place! This is the ultimate hardware store that also offers gourmet coffee, a whole section of specialty stationery in another building, fine china & crystal... it has so much more to offer than just hammers and plumbing supplies!This is the original Bering's location and I have been coming here since I was a child. My father and I would make trips on a Saturday, just Dad and his little girl... it was such a treat for me because I always got a bag of the freshest yummy gummi bears (yes, they sell candy over in the coffee section) while I spent a day with Dad.There is so much in this store! My father would *always* end up back at this store after looking all over town for whatever item he needed and sure enough, Bering's always had that obscure tool or hardware piece he needed.You can also tell that they take pride in their store (always have and still do). Employees work certain sections and know their section well. They offer help with a smile and are knowledgeable.If you go, be sure not to miss the upscale high-end gift store in the back of the store where you can buy the latest Baccarat piece or fine china. At Christmas wander back there for a gorgeous spectacle of adorned trees with the most beautiful glass ornaments.Also near the gift store is the gourmet coffee - you can smell the aroma as you get close. Get some gummi bears when you are there and think of me. :)And last but not least, head across the parking lot to the free-standing building in the back and check out the huge selection of specialty stationery.Love this store and am so glad to know it has survived the years and is still thriving!
<review# 2314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2008,3/30/2008,12,6,2,15,6>I can't say enough about Dr. Kathy Frazar, her entire staff, and the facilities! I love their passion, cheerfulness, and the individual care that they give to their patients. It truly is a breath of fresh air!Dr. Frazar is a graduate of the University of Texas Dental School and the Las Vegas Institute for Advanced Dental Studies. One visit to her office and you'll immediately know that she is at the forefront of the latest technologies for dental care.She and her staff really do want everyone to have a beautiful smile. As if she and her team weren't enough, her office is like a spa. It is not like a typical dentist and doesn't have the smell of a typical dentists office. So instead of the horrid smell associated with most dentist offices, hers smells of freshly baked cookies which are baked every day and are available in the waiting room. Now some would say she is trying to convince people to eat the cookies so that they'll develop cavities and in turn need to spend more money on her services, but let's face it, we all have sweets and sodas (or other things that aren't great for our teeth). I personally wouldn't eat cookies before my dentist appointment, but I love the smell that they bring to the office. The smell of a normal dentists office will bring on an instant anxiety attack, therefore I refuse to step foot into any dentist office that has the terrifying smell.Besides the cozy smell of freshly baked cookies, her office is modern, bright, and trendy. All the work is done in private rooms which are equipped with chairs that have tempurpedic cushions, and of course flat screen TVs with numerous channels to choose from. You can also opt to listen to your favorite music.For $120 you can get your teeth cleaned and a free hand paraffin wax while you are being worked on. It will have your cuticles looking awesome for days.I honestly believe I have found my dental home, and it is one that I actually look forward to going to. I highly recommend Dr. Frazar to everyone, but particularly those who are afraid to go to the dentist. One visit to her and you'll never fear again.
<review# 2315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2008,3/28/2008,37,51,,5,6>Long lines and hustle are right.  But, the food is pretty authentic (reminds me of Astoria, Queens) and their baklava selection is pretty unbeatable. The hummus is awesome and is served with fresh cut bell peppers, tomatoes, and pita.  The pitas are great and the service is speedy.  There's a ton of food on your plate but I'm pretty sure you'll finish it all; I've never seen so much rice pilaf on one plate in my life.Parking is a total buzz kill but if you know your way around the neighborhood, it's not that bad.  I'd recommend this place for a quick lunch, lunch with friends, or a "let's grab that booth" kind of date.  Not sure what this place is like in the evening.Four stars for a clean bathroom, fast service, hot-delish food, free refills, the bomb baklava, and a cute hummus boy.  Minus one star for the uncomfortable and awkward booths.  It's a little "fast foody" for my taste but I'd definitely come back.
<review# 2316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2008,3/27/2008,5,21,,7,8>I fell in love with Whole Foods Market on Kirby when I walked in the store mid-July right after moving to Houston.  It was the colorful heirloom tomatoes of gold, purple, green, orange, and red that seduced me.  Some striped like sugar candy, and I couldn't help myself.  That day I spend over $20 dollars on tomatoes (a total splurge I know) and that night I had the best BLT that I have had in my life with a tomato and fresh basil salad.This store has beautiful food that will tantalize anyone inspired by seasonal, fresh, and real food products with no junky fillers, no trans fats, and no unpronouncible ingredients.  I am inspired each time I walk in, and I love to see the produce change as the seasons change.They offer the best, of seafood, produce, meat, cheese, wine, and chocolate.  It is all about the experience of shopping here, and the friendly and intelligent staff.
<review# 2317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2007,3/26/2008,1651,2742,3,17,13>For a place called "Gringo's" my expectations were certainly not high.  For crying out loud, the sign is an altered "Welcome to Las Vegas" which made it extra cheesy, but probably more approachable for the average gringo who is intimidated by the more dive like places. But by the time I had left the door, I was instantly floored by an amazing experience that was not soon to be forgotten.While it may seem like Olive Garden's equivalent corporate chain to Mexican food, its certainly not on par with the El Torito's brand or even Chevy's.  This particular location had it all:  spacious seating, solid ambiance/decor, great for groups, extensive menu, good prices, free ice cream dessert (yes, I know), a full service bar, clean bathrooms, excellent service, and most importantly, superb food.I was so hungry that I wanted to try just about everything on the menu and being that I live in a city where affordable dining is $15 a person, this place was an absolute steal.  The complimentary chips with salsa was a nice touch, as the chips seemed fresh out and not greasy but almost tasted as if they were baked.  The various salsas provided were also good, though the salsa verde was a little too creamy but still really good.For an appetizer, I decided to order a border sampler that essentially included everything.  What was slightly amusing was that shortly after the appetizer came, literally within 10 minutes our other 3 entrees came out and sprawled across our table like one big Mexican feast. The chicken quesadillas and southwest eggrolls were insanely good, as were the greasy chicken taquitos that were crisp and delicious.  The family style fest was to the tune of 3 entrees which were El Presidente (Two cheese enchiladas, chile con queso, bean chalupa, taco with ground beef, and beans and rice), fajita combinacion, and the tamales platter with 3 tamales.  Each of them were great, but the tamales were almost perfect and tasted almost like it melted in my mouth.  All in all the food left me unbelievably stuffed (and incredibly satisfied) to the point where I was walking funny out the door.Things got interesting as I was taking pictures and the manager noticed I was very involved with the food.  After some questions he concluded that I might have been "in the (restaurant) industry" and provided me a card with a discount for my next meal while offering to show me the kitchen.  He shook my hand and proceeded to tell me that their ingredients were always fresh and they that they take their food seriously here to the point of attempting to keep the prices low enough so that people can continue to come back.  The service was already excellent to begin with (we had a very witty and charming waiter who was extremely attentive), this was really just the icing on the cake.
<review# 2318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2008,3/25/2008,31,15,9,8,7>I went here for a quick bite yesterday before a Refresh Houston event in their Oak Room. A friend and I were very patient with the waitstaff. I don't want to be mean, but our waitress looked like she was seriously on something. Our guess was some type of prescription medication. We wanted to switch tables, but were afraid our waitress would not be able to find us. It took a while to get our drinks/food. Not too long though, just long enough to wonder what was up. I ordered the grilled chicken salad with honey mustard. It was really good. In the past I have ordered the grilled chicken sandwich which is really really good. They have great mood lighting. So if you have a casual date you can pop in here and feel like your Michael Jackson traveling around town with your own light crew. wifi = good food = goodlighting = goodbeer selection = goodex-boyfriend favorite place = bad
<review# 2319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2008,3/24/2008,1439,1280,,8,6>Pretty cool place if you're into anime (Japanese cartoons) and manga (Japanese comic books).  They have a pretty good selection of DVDs, Cd's, books, figurines, wall scrolls, and other miscellaneous accessories.  I was able to find a few hard-to-find items at this place (more specifically Cowboy Bebop stuff!  =^^=).It can be a bit hard to find if you're not from H-town (particularly if you're not familiar with Rice Village) and the area tends to get easily congested with people and traffic because of the high concentration of specialty shops and restaurants.  With an added bonus of one way streets and housing you'll have to literally come here early for a parking spot (not even a decent one - just a spot!).The store is also a bit small but I don't discourage you from looking around if you're an anime fan since they do tend to cram quite a few items into this place!  OH - and they'll also do special orders for you if you ask and are willing to put a deposit down.
<review# 2320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2008,3/22/2008,50,108,3,5,5>Using airports like LAX and OAK, you get used to a certain kind of airport food.  It's usually really expensive, like a $9 "value meal" from the McDonalds in the terminal, a $5 slice of pizza, etc.  You figure they can rip you off because you have no other options.  When I was in IAH for a layover, I was pretty amazed at how pimped out terminal E was.  There were tons of stores and places to eat, it was like being in a mall.  Even better, the food there wasn't a horrible ripoff!  I chose Le Petit Bistro semi-randomly, but was amazed that I got a whole plate of  bourbon chicken, rice and a salad for just $5.95.  The food was even tasty.  It absolutely raised my opinion of Texas as a whole, which had previously been a mushy glop of opinions formed from watching King of the Hill, cowboy movies and the last stand at the Alamo.  Now, Texas is in my mind as a place where you can get cheap cajun food and the servers call you "y'all."  Rad.
<review# 2321,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/10/2008,3/21/2008,15,38,4,9,6>I used to spend a lot of time at the Mink, and I still enjoy it from time to time.  The Mink actually broken up into about 4 separate areas: (1) the front bar; (2) the patio; (3) the back bar; and (4) the upstairs bar/dance room.  The front bar is a prototypical bar, but usually more laid back than the other areas.  Here you'll often find the regulars, and if it's busy, small clusters of people (the room is a bit narrow except for the front).  The atmosphere is pleasant, and the clientele usually somewhere between respectable and nicely dressed.  If you come on a weekday or before midnight on the weekend, though, it'll probably be pretty empty.  The patio is where a lot of people like to hang out, mostly because that's where you smoke.  This area is pretty much restricted to people in groups, as it's a bit odd to the standing there alone.  The back bar is TINY, though there is another room in the back whose purpose I've yet to really discover as there's rarely anyone in there.  I think it's for reserved parties.  It's more intimate than the front bar, though, and is a nice place to have a chat with one or two people.Upstairs is the "show" room, where they have live bands and or DJs play.  The lighting and sound setup is actually pretty sophisticated for such a small place, although the "stage" is literally like 6" off the floor.  Still, not a bad place to dance if you feel so inclined.  There's also a separate bar upstairs.  For the most part, the bartenders are friendly, even if they don't appear particularly invested in your presence there.  The drink prices, though, are a tad expensive (guess by virtue of being in midtown).  As for the clientele, it's a mix, but depending on the day and who might be playing, you might notice that a lot of people are hipsters/scenesters.  But it's by no means to an offensive level, and there will be a nice mix of "normal folk", bohemians, and yuppies there too.  Mink is pretty welcoming to all types, though, as I mentioned earlier, people generally come looking a small step above "I just rolled out of bed and this is what I look like."  Valet parking is available, but its usually easier to just park somewhere on the adjacent streets, which are high traffic and well lit, so you feel safer about leaving your car there.
<review# 2322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2008,3/20/2008,666,1833,25,20,21>Wow. This was a serious cultural experience!! Definitely not something you find in NYC. Definitely not something a city slicker was prepared for.Step 1: Purchase cowboy hat.Step 2: Purchase large beer.Step 3: Wander around livestock show. Look criticizingly at cattle while thinking about burgers.Step 4: Buy another beer.Step 5: Watch the rodeo, duh. Pray no one gets killed by a bucking bronco. Followed by John Fogerty, rock!Step 6: Smoked turkey leg. drool. Take this step slowly as you could hurt yourself. S-M-O-K-E-D T-U-R-K-E-Y L-E-G. MmMMMMmmmmMM.Step 7: Breathe. Wander through carnival as digestion sets in. realize if you do the whirly teacup ride, that smoked turkey leg is going to reverse Step 6.Step 8: Take photos on mechanical bull. Yee haw!Step 9: Realize you just got a real taste of Texas.What fun!
<review# 2323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2008,3/19/2008,3,12,6,6,6>These people rock! The mere thought of going to a liquor store on your lunch break is just fabulous. I love to peruse the isles and imagine myself throwing the Calpine badge on the floor, kicking off the heels , breaking into song and popping open a bottle of my new favorite - 2003 Big Ass Cab, right in the middle of the isle. One can only dream...so, back to my review. The service is fast and friendly and I can not even attempt to finish a sandwich that the sweet little lady orders up for me, I just want to squeeze that woman, the sweet grandma type taking my order is just wonderful and she never fails to call her customers by name, so personal and all for a cheap $6.99. Besides the wonderful sandwiches, they have single serving pies, chips, drinks and did I mention the opportunity to peruse a liquor store during your lunch hour? 5 stars for sure! Looks like me and Kelly G. could definitley be drinking partners.
<review# 2324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2008,3/18/2008,19,93,19,11,7>Come here if you want real vintage instead of stuff the hipsters have cleaned out of their closets.  (I'm looking at you, Buffalo Exchange.)  Make sure you have time to dig through everything, because there is a lot.  Shoes, bags, and random housewares too.It's the kind of place that makes me (mistakenly) think that I can wear, say, a red jumper from the 50's that says "bus captain" across the back.  I came to my senses when I became distracted by another rack of stuff, thankfully.My only complaint is the size and state of the dressing rooms, I may have given someone a peep show through the curtain.
<review# 2325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2008,3/17/2008,26,11,15,25,21>It's funny, but I feel like it's deja vu all over again.  It wasn't planned, but I happen to be doing my second review on the same restaurant, that the same two talented writers wrote upon.  However, I have to rate this restaurant between the two.  I agree with Teresa T. and say that their food is really good and it's possible to have a good experience.  But then again, Keith D.'s review of having a "not so caring" wait staff peruse your table is possible, too.  I have actually had both.  A pleasant experience and a not so pleasant experience.  I guess it's just like any other restaurant.  Sometimes you win and have a great experience and sometimes you lose and have a crummy one.I still think it's worth the trip and eating here from time to time.  If you are not liking the atmosphere, then get an order to go and create your own.  Get a bunch of friends and have your own Mexican Fiesta!
<review# 2326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2008,3/15/2008,18,39,3,9,7>Lupe's is my favorite Tex Mex place in Houston.  I get the "Cheeken Leetle" (really, it's spelled that way on the menu) and I have since I started going there (seven years ago).  They did something recently to make the chips a little bit less greasy, but they are still every bit as delicious as they were before.  My family always orders the fajitas and I eat off of that plate as well - the beef and chicken fajitas are the best in Houston, hands down.The service really is the only reason this place doesn't get five stars.  To be fair, they are open and honest that when it is busy, the wait will be long and the food might take awhile.  My family eats here once a week to once every two weeks, so we are friends with three of four of the waiters and Brady, the manager.  This has helped us get seated more quickly and our food come out more promptly.  Also, we eat late (usually show up around 8:30-9:00), so the hour long waits have usually cleared out.  If you do come during the dinner rush, take a seat at the bar and let your kids play in the sand - the food is worth it.
<review# 2327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2008,3/14/2008,347,105,4,7,6>Finally, after trekking all these years to Dallas for decent sushi-buffet my prayers have been finally answered. Tokyo One has arrived!!!!! Houston we have liftoff.......After seeing the previous posts I must say that I hope my humble offering that I bestow upon my fellow yelpsters might shed some enlightenment. First off let me start by saying, I have tried this place THREE TIMES since its previous incarnation of DOZO (which I found out stilll retained its ownership, just a name change). They've only been converted over for three months now. You can tell this used to be a oyster bar type joint (Maybe Captain Benny's). I have gone for lunch on a weekday, dinner on Friday and dinner on Saturday. All three encounters were radically different experiences. As expected, the lunch menu was scaled back. No dungenous crab or boiled shrimp here but it was decent for the price. My best experience came on a Friday evening. Even though the restaurant was bristling with customers the waitstaff were still attentive.Some menu items that are only found on the Friday menu are escolar (super white premium aryan tuna). At $2 a piece at other places you can bet I piled them high on my plate. Other items of note were the sea bass and dobinmushu (custard) and lamb chops were all excellent. Although the rolls and other nigiri were so-so, I kind of expected as much from a sushi buffet. This was offset by the fact that the waitstaff re-stocked the items quickly. Now Saturday was my worst experience because there were wall to wall people and the waitstaff was running around like chickens with their heads cut off and the other customers were ruthlessly cuthroat literally running to the front of the line everytime some new item came out. It wasn't worth it battling the crowds. Overall, I still think Tokyo One is a great value but like they say...TIMING IS EVERYTHING.....ENJOY~!!!!
<review# 2328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2007,3/13/2008,168,64,2,8,4>I'm one of those people that didn't know there was a 'yogurt craze' going on having enjoyed regular live culture grocery store dairy section yogurt all my life. When my friends talked about frozen yogurt, I thought of it being akin to the kind you get at fast food restaurants which tasted more like fast food ice cream rebadged as frozen yogurt to make people feel better about pigging out. That being said, I'm happy to say that I actually feel pretty good pigging out on this 'healthy' trendy dessert.In California, frozen yogurt is practicially everywhere, and though you'd think that I wouldn't think Berripop was all that special, I actually thought the venue was really nice and found the yogurt to be very tasty! Berripop has all the fruit, cereal, and dessert toppings you'd find at any other yogurt place, but the yogurt itself is quite delectable and tangy as aforementioned by the other yelpers. I personally liked mango, strawberry, and mochi for toppings since the fruits complement the original yogurt's tart flavor while the mochi adds some chewy sweetness to it. I've seen people go crazy on toppings, but if you're going to get fat eating sweets, better it be frozen yogurt than ice cream.Berripop is an excellent yogurt parlour and I'm sure you'll appreciate the friendly staff, the modern decor, and of course, the delicious yogurt.I didn't have the tap water (it's a yogurt place after all), but they have free wifi (ask for the key) so take your laptop, some friends, and just enough room for dessert from wherever you're coming from for a delightful experience.
<review# 2329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2008,3/11/2008,9,4,1,7,5>I've searched and searched for truly quality espresso in Houston, and Catalina is it. By far the best latte I've had in Houston, smooth and rich, with great foam and crema, and pretty consistent latte art, too. Max and his staff are very knowledgeable and friendly, and they routinely host events to educate coffee consumers (e.g. cupping 101, roasting class, etc.).All in all, the best coffee experience in town. The atmosphere is enjoyable, usually good music on. I'm usually there on Saturdays, so I can't speak to the other days, but the pastries on Saturday are quite good... a decent selection of croissants and other goodies. The ham and cheese croissant is quite good.I've only bought one pound of coffee from them (Gunslinger espresso blend), but it was quite good, well roasted without going too far. Last I knew they were using Hopson Coffee for their roasting, and I was pretty impressed with the Hopson guy's knowledge and willingness to discuss and share.These guys are the real deal... go check it out!
<review# 2330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2008,3/10/2008,13,15,5,8,6>Michelle always starts with a short consult where we talk about what I would like and I always tell her that I don't want to have a high maintenance 'do and I don't want the layers to be too thin on the bottom (to safeguard against mullets :P)  and she always listens! You don't know how hard it is to find a hairdresser that actually listens! Hahah.  Don't get me wrong, my friend also goes to Cut Loose for John and he has his own vision for what her hair should be and it always looks fab on her.  Anyway, back to Michelle, I love trusting her.  This last time I asked her to do whatever she was feeling and I now I love my hair. Am I feeling controlling about my hair? Do I want something new but don't know what it is? Michelle can totally roll wit the punches.
<review# 2331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2008,3/9/2008,45,24,3,5,3>Yea I'm in ... btw what kind of food do Hobbits eat? Word. I currently live in Austin but fam is in Houston and somehow we always eat here on any weekend visit. Why do you drag me here folks? Oh because you want to cater to me as I'm visiting ... and I'm begging you for the Hobbit. Yes bring me one of those Wizard sandwiches and easy guac b/c you always give me too damn much. Sike. They do give you too damn much (unheard of in this country) but no don't go easy on me.. instead pass me a straw. Ok lets get real now. They got some good food, veggie opts, and a cool patio. Seriously I heart patios and any place with one is set up on my auto star program.
<review# 2332,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/29/2008,3/8/2008,4,3,4,6,6>Everyone, have you met my new friend Todai?? This isn't the Todai you remember. That old Todai fell off the face of the earth. The Todai I'm talking about has metamorphosized into part BRAZILIAN, part seafood and part sushi. I kid you not-- Brazilian like churrascia style. Like Fogo de Chao and Nelore. Still with me?For a birthday celebration, we decide to hit up Todai for an all out affair with sushi. Upon entering the restaurant, we were suspicious of a barbeque scent surrounding the Marq E center. Mmm...smells gooood, we should've done bbq we said to ourselves.Lo and behold, we step inside and what do we see? They redecorated! The bright, family style dining atmosphere transitioned into a more dim lit, romantic, smaller table setup. Upon closer inspection, we noticed nicely uniformed waiters sporting over the ear headphones with the mic and walkie-talkies, roaming around with swords of meat to serve the customers. Did we walk into the wrong restaurant I wondered to myself. The hostess seats us and she basically says (allow me to sum it up), "Waddup newbies, have you met the new Todai? We did away with the cafeteria style buffet and upgraded! Our buffets now offer side dishes for the churrascia (cooked and salad bar) and a few sushi rolls. If you want other sushi stuff, you gotta order from us so we can make it fresh. Kapeesh?"Okay so let's break it down--. Cooked side dishes included things like roasted potatoes, grilled vegetables, rice, etc. No more of the chinese buffet offerings. . Salad bar offered different salads, artichokes, dolmades, banana peppers, a few asian salads, etc. . Sushi bar only offered rolls. If you want nigiri, it has to be ordered from the menu to guarantee freshness. . Dessert bar has nicely upgraded in aesthetics to a more pleasing setup with nicer server ware but offers the same desserts. However, two chocolate fountains are now available in white and dark chocolate. No more crepes! . The churrascia aspect is still a work in progress, in my opinion.Let's further explore this. To me, the churrascia and sushi concept is much like Madonna being the queen of pop and jumping into acting. One should stick to where one's strengths belong. While there was a huge variety of meats being offered from sirloin, to Korean ribs, to fajita meat, sausage, chicken, filet mignon, etc...a lot of it seemed dry and not to the standards of a real churrascia (one that doesn't double dip in food genres). The service was amazing. They were always on the lookout to make sure our plates were removed and our drinks refilled. While we were assigned to one waiter, several others stopped by to make sure everything was going well.As for the interior design-- with everything else being aesthetically pleasing to the eyes, the one complaint I have is that the tables are too small. For a churrascia, each person usually has two full sized plates, one for the meats, one for the side dishes. It seemed that 4 plates was hard to work with as each time the server came around, we had to shift our plates around so that the meat palate could be placed down for cutting.The owner is said to be Korean and lived in Argentina, and in breaking away from corporate, he decided to use his cultural influences to come up with this unique dining concept. So far, this Todai branch in Houston is the only restaurant that offers this style ("IN THE WORLD" our waiter emphatically stated) so if you're a meat lover, sushi lover and seafood lover all in one, this is THE place for you. Oh and the price hasn't changed.
<review# 2333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2008,3/7/2008,22,27,,7,5>Come here when you want to escape the chain restaurants for somewhere unique and local.  This place doesn't look like much, just a storefront wedged in between the others, but it's got a menu full of good, solid meals.I was impressed by their efficiency.  I came on a Sunday morning when the place was just packed.  In spite of the crowds we were barely kept waiting; they got us seated and served quickly.  And despite the rush, our server was attentive and came to check on us frequently.Besides, the fact that it gets so packed, that alone shows you they must be doing something right.  Their customers clearly keep coming back for more.It's a diner, and you will be served diner food.  But it's GOOD diner food.  I can only comment on the breakfast, but I was very satisfied. It's a bit crowded, and the tables kind of spill into the waiting area.  Like I said, it's a diner.  This is a great stop after you've been out with friends, you're hungry, and you just want a good satisfying meal without the fanfare.
<review# 2334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2008,3/6/2008,14,8,5,4,5>I almost don't even want to write this review because the line is LONG enough as it is. But here goes anyway. Brother's Taco has the best tacos in Houston!There, I said it. If you've never had real Mexican items like Lengua, then please make this the first place you ever have it. The bar gets set pretty high, and I've not had tacos this good anywhere else. And to all of you who already eat here, what in the h**l is the purpose of holding the door open when there's no place for you to stand inside? They have an air conditioner...It's burning hot in that kitchen...Why let all the cool air out...TRY THIS: Sometimes when I'm here, waiting in line, people behind me, I get to the door.So I stand in front of the door, with it closed, waiting for the line to move just inside so I'll have room to stand, in or out I always say. As I stand there with that door closed, I can feel the tension building behind me. You can cut it with a knife. It drives people CRAZY for that door to be closed. So when you get to that door, about to go in, stand just outside and leave it closed. But sure to notice the feeling of the tiny invisible daggers being plunged into your back, all because you won't hold that door open.Bon appetite!
<review# 2335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2008,3/5/2008,10,10,,7,8>Reason to love Warehouse Live;1. It's set up extremely well.2. It's in the middle of an Asian Ethnic area with plenty of food to choose from.3. The Security guys look out for the people who come early for a spot in line & give them numbers so that they can take that much needed bathroom break and still get in first.4. It's immaculate as far as cleanliness (though it's still new..)5. The sound is perfection, and the barrier isn't too far back so it still feels more intimate than other medium-sized venues.Reasons not to like Warehouse Live:1. The fence around the parking in the back.
<review# 2336,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/20/2008,3/3/2008,40,58,,7,7>This is one of the places at which I have to eat at least once a month.  It is far from my house and usually crowded.  Don't let my 3-stars fool you, it is one of my favorite restaurants.  The turkey burger is what I always get but they have some great salads I like as well.  The burgers are perfectly spiced and juicy, the fries are amazing.  If you want a new addiction, try the Butter Finger shake.  It is really good.While I love the food enough to return several times, the service set up leaves a lot to be desired.  Ordering at the counter, sitting down, then having your order verified, waiting for your order, and then still having to wait for the check is really annoying.  The beauty of a normal order at the counter place is that you can scram right after you gobble down your burger.  My personal opinion is that they do it this way so you will have to tip more and they won't have to pay their staff minimum wage.  If that is the point, then they need to just make it a complete sit-down experience.I have also had bad service experiences there usually involving slightly large parties.  The last time I was there my friends and I arrived at 7PM with 5 kids and 6 adults.  We did not get our food until 45 minutes later and the kids, including my two year old, were wiped out by then and EXTREMELY grumpy.  It was so frustrating to see everyone around us (including a similar table of 5 little girls and 7 parents) get served well before even though we asked that everything come out as it was ready.  I think there needed to be a little bit more manager interference at that point.  To top it all off it took us about 20 minutes to get the check which we did not separate, we put it on one card.  And of course since we were a large party, they automatically added gratuity.  Stinkers.The only saving grace for this place is the awesome food.  So, if you have patience, go for it.
<review# 2337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2008,3/1/2008,68,101,19,19,17>It was a night like many others, my "friend" was out with more friends catching a concert and having a good time. As the driver, my "friend" thought it would be a good idea to limit his drinking to only 4 drinks since he was indeed driving not only himself, but 2 other friends. When it came time to leave the concert in downtown Houston (an area very unfamiliar to him) my "friend" realized he had a tail light out and would for sure be pulled over if a police officer found his way behind said "friend".Sure enough, within 5 minutes of leaving the concert, those red and blue lights started flashing right behind "friend". "Friend" pulls over, cop walks up to the door:Cop: Have you been drinking tonight?"Friend": YepCop: Step out of the car sir"Friend": Really?Cop: Don't make me ask you again"Friend": K then (friend steps out)Cop: Please spit out your gum"Friend": Wouldn't that be littering?Cop: Okay Smart Ass, we can do this 2 ways, the easy way or the hard way. Which is it going to be?"Friend": (Spits out gum) Cop: How many drinks have you had tonight?"Friend": 4Cop: I'm going to do a sobriety test on you"Friend": Sweet!Over the next 20 minutes a sobriety test is preformed in which my "friend" does an impeccable job.Cop: Okay, I am going to put these hand cuffs on you while I search your car. You are not under arrest yet."Friend": Good, because I would like to go home and I...wait, did you say yet?Cop places "friend" in 'cuffs and sits him down in the back seat of the cruiser. Cop searches car. Other two friends come to window of cruiser and tell "friend": We'll get you out of jail as soon as possible! To which "friend" shockingly replies: Jail!?! I'm going to Jail?(More on local jail: yelp.com/biz/harris-coun )When my friend arose from the pits of the Houston Jail he immediately searched furiously for a lawyer that would fairly represent him and hopefully be able to get him out of this "ALLEGED DWI". After much research and debate, he chose Johnson and Johnson Law Firm. After a few months of court dates and a few $100 dollars in parking at the court house, his lawyer from Johnson and Johnson Law Firm looked at him, smiled, and handed him the paper work that said:CASE DISMISSED.My "friend" highly recommends Johnson and Johnson Law Firm to any of those people out there who may find themselves in a similar situation. They are very compassionate and understanding of your situation and do what it takes to get the job done.
<review# 2338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2008,2/29/2008,120,129,8,14,9>Yelp, you've saved me yet again from turning an important dinner date into potentially disastrous dining situation and transformed it into a superb, foodgasmic experience.  I've been eying this little place for quite some time and decided to choose this place instead of Tony's because of the laid-back attitude yet dressy flair (after reading Christa L.'s description that they weren't looked down upon dressed in jeans and t-shirts, we were so there) and the excellent cuisine that was described by others.  Needless to say, this restaurant did not disappoint and greatly exceeded my expectations.  First, the waitstaff was extremely accommodating and attentive without coming off as fawning.  To the dismay of my boyfriend, I was running late (hey, looking beautiful takes time and effort!), so he called and we easily moved our reservation from 8pm to 8:30pm.  We made it there in the nick of time and I was shown promptly to our table while he was parking the car (Dolph - you are not the only one averse to valet parking).  After we were all settled, I noted to the waitress that it was a bit chilly.  She informed me that they cannot turn off the AC because of the wine, but offered me a shawl...problem was solved when we got the wine. :)  We had chosen a Rioja, but unfortunately that was out.  She recommended another Rioja, which was her personal favorite, that really complimented our dishes of the evening well.  She also complimented our prudent decision to celebrate Valentine's Day the day after--apparently it was a mad house the night before.  Second, the food.  I cannot rave more, but the fare is excellent, excellent, excellent.  We started off with a bit of salmon topped off with wasabi on a fried wonton sheet.  The textures really went well together --a little bit of crunch here, a bit of soft delicious gooeyness there, topped off with a little zing and salt.  We then started off the night with the beef carpaccio, which are very thinly sliced of raw sirloin with various dipping sauces, eaten with small slices of toast.  I particularly enjoyed the basil essence--it went well with the meat and the cheese on top.  We ran out of toast and started using the focaccia bread loaded with herbs to wipe our plate clean.  By the way, this bread was like no other focaccia I've ever had.  It was soft, moist, and perfectly seasoned.  Dipped in olive oil, the bread is pure ecstasy.  This small sample has whetted my appetite just thinking of what's yet to come.  I probably shouldn't have eaten so much bread because we barely had time to savor the appetizers when the main courses were whisked out.   I had the short rib, which literally melted off the bone and into my mouth, complimented by a very healthy and crunchy risotto and baked asparagus.  My first bite of the bed of shittake mushrooms that the meat lay on told me the masterpiece sitting in front of me is a piece of heaven fell onto earth--the savory juices that the mushrooms soaked up was not greasy at all--it was simply the succulent essence of the meat.  I can tell that it was slow-cooked with strong hints of tomato.  It really reminded me of the beef that my mother cooks to make Taiwanese beef noodle soup, except this was a HUGE chunk of meat instead of the chopped up version that is put into the noodle soup.  My boyfriend got the meat and potatoes--his steak frite was a worthy challenger to my dish in both size and taste.  I personally thought mine was far tastier after a bite of his steak, but his meal looked very appetizing as well.  The Rioja was charming and really brought out the flavor of the ribs.  The pairing left a pleasant smoky aftertaste in my mouth.  I tried to be a good girl and clean off my plate, but the gargantuan portions made this feat nearly impossible.  I surrendered myself into my meal's loving arms, and the short ribs overtook me at the end.  We contemplated getting the apple bread pudding, but decided to end the affair then because we simply had no more room.Lastly, I do want to make a note about our surroundings.  We were seated in the wine cellar with high vaulted ceilings (is that an oxymoron?), and antique-looking chandeliers made out of wood suspended from them.  The acoustics were just right--we were seated far enough from other patrons that we couldn't overhear their conversations and I didn't feel the need to whisper.  The lighting made the place look warm and cozy, and the fact that I am able to see my food makes this experience visually pleasing as well (who would've thought that?  I hate fancy places where the place just looks so ascetic and I can't see a damn thing.)Overall, it was an outstanding celebratory dinner.  Considering the amount of food, service, and quality, the prices are not outrageous.  The unassuming ambiance, professional and friendly staff, cozy and artful decor, and most importantly of all--exceptional fare--make Mockingbird Bistro worth every penny.
<review# 2339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2008,2/28/2008,18,39,8,8,7>OK, on the topic of Ethiopian food, raise your hand if you have:A.  Heard someone make a comment akin to "food in Ethiopia?" or "what do they serve, dirt?"B.  Made a comment/joke similar to those above?If you are "A", please join me in rolling my eyes and feeling superior but if you are "B", shut up and eat the food.Ethiopia has a wonderful tradition of cuisine that follows the patterns of most every culture in the world - a main starch staple combined with various combinations of vegetables and proteins.  In this case the starch is injera, which is a unique tasting crepe-like bread.  Some people find the slightly sour taste of the fermented teff flour comprising injera to be off-putting but it really shouldn't be.  The sourness is generally mild and should not take long to acquire the taste and the texture allows for the bread to be the perfect food distribution method (from plate to mouth).Proteins and vegetables are generally "stewed" in sauces that range from subtle to spicy and always with an ease of scooping philosophy (meats are often minced, for example).Blue Nile is not the best Ethiopian I have had but it is the best in Houston.  Unlike many other restaurants I have found that their food has gotten better as I have revisited.  More superficially, they have also dramatically improved their dining atmosphere over time.  It has gone from a plain plastic table feel to an atmospheric cultural environment.  Sure, it is still located in a strip center that is depressing and inner-loopers must pack a medium-sized travel bag for the trek down Richmond (hint: don't just drive down Richmond - take 59 to Westpark {regular road or tollway} then Fondren up to Richmond) but the Blue Nile staff is fantastically friendly/helpful and the restaurant will deliver a solid dining experience.  Not Ethiopian nirvana, but enough to either satiate your craving or introduce you to what the cuisine is and can be...and especially what it isn't ("dirt", "air", "disgusting", etc.).
<review# 2340,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/18/2008,2/27/2008,11,13,2,6,4>Ok, critics, be nice this is my 1st review. (The "cherry" phase)  Well, i have been going to this particular restiraunt for lunch for the past 2 mos.  From the great atmosphere to the food, it is a good pick.  The price is definitely affordable for the quality.  From lunch to dinner there is an item on their menu for everyone.I am not a huge chinese food lover, however, their shimp, beef or chicken fried rice had a great taste!  It made my top 5 places in the U.S. My 1st place to eat asian food belongs to my friends up in the NW (Seattle/Bellevue) :)  Teriakki chicken Rules!Anyway, I am not a Sushi lover but from what i have heard, it is very neat, clean and decorative.
<review# 2341,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/15/2008,2/26/2008,6,5,1,3,3>I really liked the atmosphere at Zimm's.  The warm colors and low lighting gave the place a nice ambiance.  Though the low lighting and glass tables were not a good combination, the possibility of spilling drinks is very high!  The drinks were good, but pricey.  As the night went on, the music got louder, loud to the point where you can't hear the person across from you.Parking...oh my.  Small vallet parking lot, but other than that you have to park on the street, so be very careful of the no parking signs.  Overall, the place is pretty nice, but not for everyone.
<review# 2342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2007,2/25/2008,14,0,5,4,6>Yes, Hilton Furniture is best known for *that* commercial which makes you cringe. You know the one - the annoying "That's a Fact Jack" guy running around with a chainsaw. (Not to mention his child's name is Paris, who will no doubt have to face years of torment in her upcoming years..) ***I stand corrected, the owners' first name is Hilton, not his last *** But let me tell you this place is the real deal. There's a lot of hype but don't let it weird you out. My parents, for my last birthday bought me a beeeeyutiful bedroom suite.. Gorgeous sleigh bed, dresser with mirror, extra other dresser, nightstand in exquisite cherry wood finish... Now, they are folks who value their dollar (my dad, coupon clipper, my mom an artist..) We are not rich people. However, my bedroom is nothing less than pure quality. I mean it's fancy. It was delivered (to my surprise) and assembled in my apartment that same day.So today, I needed a couch. I looked around at some discount stores and yeah, I probably could have found a couch for less. I really didn't think I could afford a nice couch for what I was looking to spend. On the drive from Seabrook to Houston, my parents stopped at Hilton.  The chainsaw wielding crazy eyed owner himself, Mr, Hilton, made his rounds, shaking every ones' hands and making sure we were taken care of. Tony Mack is who got them a deal on my bedroom suite and Tony Mack could probably hook it up on a nice couch. (My parents know this type of stuff, they got the "connection" haha)So I found the couch I wanted. I jumped onto it and sank into it like it was a big 'ol pile of marshmellows. It was even the creme color I had my heart set on. I had to have it. Tony Mack worked out a deal comparable to what I would have paid for a worn display couch at Big Lot's. And my Pa doesn't even have to strain his back..Tomorrow they're going to deliver it. I can't wait. I've never fell in love with furniture, but Hilton seriously makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.
<review# 2343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2007,2/23/2008,120,112,3,3,3>I have to say that this Pappadeax location is Pappa- DO!  I know, that's pretty bad, but hey, my creativity was severely taxed picking out gifts and wrapping and decorating for Christmas.On a recent shopping excursion, Starving Football Player, Sultry Latina Financial Planner, her hubby and I opted to stop for some nibblies.  It was necessary that our restaurant choice have a complete array of adult beverages.  Fuddrucker's was out, as was la Madeleine .    Pappadeaux was nearby and someone remembered a comfy bar area.We sat at the bar.  Being that it is curved on one end allowed us to see each other.  We seldom see one another, so it was a nice surprise.      Speaking of surprises, Starving Football Player ordered a side salad only.  Cheapest meal he's eaten since I've been feeding him.  I heard that the Fried Alligator was the best here.  I tried the Boudin as well.  Add a Crown and Coke and I was in nibbly heaven.  I ordered the Alligator to share, but once I had a couple of bites, I watched with great interest as the perfectly cooked pieces diminished in mouth's other than mine.  No one wanted to share the boudin.  Their loss.Service at the bar was less than consistent; however, I kind of expect that at a restaurant bar.  Being with good friends while munching on good food with an adult beverage is my kind of shopping day.Pappadeaux provided the perfect ambiance and just the right options of food and drink to make our day of shopping well worth it.
<review# 2344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2008,2/22/2008,251,723,1,8,7>This is how a campy music store should be.  They sell music from artists that perform at both the Big Top and the Continental Club and some classic stuff, too, e.g. the Ramones, Al Green, but I saw some Putomayo CDs, and used stuff, too.  They offer vinyl upstairs.  But there's so much more!  Dresses from a local artist featuring skeletons a la "El Dia de los Muertos" style, vintagey cool shirts for guys, books on Houston music history and a Field Guide to Star Wars, plus tons of cool devil duckies and toys from accoutrements.com.  I'm totally getting the Crazy Cat Lady action figure for my cat-obsessed friend.
<review# 2345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2008,2/21/2008,171,66,2,10,9>I'm going to admit right away that I'm biased.  I've been coming to this bar very regularly for probably two years.  This place is my "Cheers" - as soon as I walk in the door, my drink (an apple martini with sugar on the rim) is being mixed and as soon as I set my purse down, it's place behind the bar so I don't have to worry about keeping up with it.  For over a year, you could find me there every Tuesday.  I love this place and it loves me.However, before I became a regular, I could tell this place was just what I was looking for and it's why this has become my favorite bar in Houston, why it's my default bar and place to go.To begin with, let's talk about the music.  There's a live band every night of the week and they are always, in my opinion, spectacular.  There's the Zenteno Band every Thursday (a family of talented musicians) and the Blue Monks every Sunday.  Every other night is rotated through talented musicians ranging from the George Coward Austin Biel Trio to Tommy Dardar to The El Orbits to the Shape Shifters.  The music is also loud enough so that you can hear the music and dance or sing along (as I was quite prone to do when David Beebe fronted The El Orbits), but it's hardly ever so loud (especially early in the week) that you can't carry a conversation on with the people that you've got with you.Next, there's the bar.  The bartenders (Carson, Christian, Chris, and Jimmy) are wonderful - they're attentive, nice, and know how to make some damn good drinks.  When I drink at other places, Carson's martinis are always my standard to judge by.The food here is also excellent, though their head chef last year went to the Nashville restaurant and the au gratin potatoes and twice baked potato has never been the same.  I also mourn the removal of the shabu shabu (a plate of raw beef that came with sauces and blue cheese that you yourself cooked on a hot rock) from the menu, the cause rumored to be so that people wouldn't burn themselves and sue.The upstairs also has a private dining area that has its own bar.  I've been to and thrown several parties up here and have always been very pleased with the results.  The main area holds probably around twenty people or so comfortably.Also, Sambuca offers happy hour prices on drinks and appetizers before 7:00 for those that like to start their merrymaking early.Basically, you can't go wrong here.  And if you find yourself here on a Tuesday, look for me at the bar and come say hi. It's likely I'll be around.
<review# 2346,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/28/2007,2/20/2008,0,0,,6,3>Tasty mango margaritas, fresh chips and salsa, and spicy beef and queso dip make this place ideal if you want to unwind with some friends after work. The colorful pinatas decorating the ceiling, accessible dinner choices for the picky eater, and the laid-back atmosphere also lend itself to being family-friendly.The food comes super-quick here, even by Mexican restaurant standards, and our server was quite attentive. I was a bit underwhelmed with the beef tacos and bean tostada since I prefer heavier seasoning to my Mexican, but I think that the best bets are Jose's dip (spicy beef and queso), William's special (carne asada and cheese enchiladas), and of course, the margaritas.
<review# 2347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2008,2/19/2008,231,235,1,9,8>this was one of the first places i actually went out to during my first trip out to houston. i went on a monday night and there was something special going on so it was packed but the music was dope...they were playing some old school hip hop, funk, and some neo soul. i've been back every time i get the chance, but i still wanna check out tuesday nights because i heard that there's some good house music that night and after reading tatiana's review i'm gonna try to make it out during the work week. i took my friends from cali here one friday night when they were visiting and the vibe was great. it was chill and there was still enough room to dance, but most of all the frozen mojitos won everyone over!
<review# 2348,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/28/2007,2/18/2008,28,59,8,9,9>(NOTE:  This establishment is in the SIXTH ward, not the Fourth.)1.  It never fails to be funny when someone says beaver.  That alone is reason to go.2.  Parking is AWFUL.  There is a tiny lot in the front - if you are lucky enough to get a spot there, take it - and a tiny, narrow lot in the back.  I suggest parking on the street.3.  The menu is interesting.  We had the beer cheese dip (a little runny but tasty especially after it had sat for a while) and the beaver log (a nice soft white cheese with apple/fruit chutney) while we waited for our group to arrive and to get a table.  Since we had a big group we ended up ordering about half the menu.  BBQ got thumbs up.  The mac n cheese is more like pasta with a tomato cream sauce but still tasty.  The Beaver Nut Burger (vegetarian!) falls apart when you eat it but it still tastes good.  The only thing about the burgers is that is comes with smaller, rectangle shaped buns that only cover about half the burger.  The Fried Pickles were hands down the best thing we ordered.4.  This place is small.  The tables are small.  The servings are small (not a bad thing).  Apparently they are still in the process of doing some work which I hope includes real bathroom doors and more beaver decor.  The menu is a little short but the beer/beverage menu more than makes up for it.5.  For having a group of 10+ in such a small place, the staff was so nice and accomodating.  Seperate checks?  No problem.  Needing extra seating at our table?  No problem.  They don't take reservations so it is good that they will be flexible.  I've rated it at 3 stars only because I am not quite sure what to make of it yet.  6.  This is a neighborhood place for me, so I will be back regardless of the interesting-ness.  Plus, I can't pass up saying that we should have Beaver's for dinner.
<review# 2349,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/28/2008,2/17/2008,150,374,6,6,6>Okay - here I go - reviewing tapioca ball drinks. Swimming in icy fluid. Sucking the balls up through a straw. Chewing. Ahem. Flavor? Not really. This place is nice, eclectic, albeit a bit cramped. The only reason I'd ever stop in here was a UYE such as this particular visit. (Fayza, consider yourself a business driver for this place.) I like the fact they have free wifi and the cool little lounge in the back can be missed if you're not wandering around looking for the bathroom like I did. But this is definitely not my kind of hangout. Give me a coffee joint any day. I just don't "get" the tapioca drink trend. Maybe I'm too old.Suffice it to say, I am not a fan. Next time, if I'm gonna do weird fru fru drinks, they sure as hell better have a lot of hard liquor in them.
<review# 2350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2008,2/16/2008,47,119,2,10,8>Kim Son is my favorite place for dim sum with Golden Palace and Fung's Kitchen in not-so-close running. (I find the dim sum at both of those restaurants to border on the greasy side.) If you get there early, around 11 am, you will have no problem getting a table. For the uninitiated, dim sum is a veritable feast of dishes pushed on steam carts around the restaurant. You select what you like and the waiter marks your ticket with the number of ]dishes, which are tallied and totaled at the end of the meal. It can be intimidating to venture out to dim sum if you've never been because there will be a language barrier with at least half of the wait staff, but if you're reasonably adventurous, all you have to do is point, smile and eat, and you're golden.I can't think of any dish that I've had at dim sum that I didn't like, but some of the highlights are Char Siu Bao (BBQ Pork Bun) as mentioned in Alex's review, and the Pork Siu Mai. Siu Mai are like steamed dumplings, but the wrapper is much thinner, and the top is open instead of fully enclosed. So very tasty. The shrimp dumplings are also delicious, the wrapper is light and melts in your mouth. There are also wide rice noodles filled with either beef or shrimp and topped with soy sauce that are a must-get. To keep things on the lighter side, I would also suggest the Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, and the chicken and rice soup. You may experience a problem with the steam carts passing right by you if you are not attentive and assertive. If this happens, it is perfectly legitimate to get up and walk to a cart that just passed if you need to. There is also a table up front that you can walk up to and get dishes on-demand. As your confidence builds, on return visits you will be able to make eye contact and order like a champ.On the sweet side, give the sesame balls a try. They are round sweet rice balls filled with red bean paste and rolled in sesame seeds. They come three to a plate and my husband and I always ask for them to be cut in half so we don't have to fight over the third one. The other dessert to try is called puto by Filipinos. I have no idea what the Chinese or Vietnamese name is, but these will look like white, pink or green flat cupcakes. It's a steamed sweet rice cake served with coconut milk. The saltiness of the coconut perfectly offsets the sweet cake for a nice treat to close the meal.Dim Sum is also great for angry toddlers. My son loves dim sum because food is served on-demand and in great variety. In fact, that's the same reason I love it too.
<review# 2351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2008,2/14/2008,3,6,8,10,8>Well, I don't want to tell you how good the kolaches and donuts are at Christy's.  If I do then we'll be fighting over a parking spot.  Somehow the word is out though and everyone is breaking the fast at this corner spot.  Stop giving away all of Houston's secrets please!!!To note:  no flashing your plastic...it's a cash/check place only.  Wow.To double note:  You can multi-task and eat your calories while repairing your windshield rock chips in the parking lot kiosk .  BTW our frequent rock chips seem to be a Houston (dirty) secret too.
<review# 2352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2007,2/13/2008,27,8,,7,6>It's always a refreshing experience to walk into a restaurant who's decor was clearly not decided upon by committee. The menu is more of a suggestion than the rule and the waitstaff regularly take orders for "the usual" without blinking an eye.For lunch or dinner on any given day you could have among many things chicken fried steak, baked chicken, tuna salad or a catfish fillet. Your tea will be served to you in a glass jar and, whatever you order, it will probably be much more than you can eat in one sitting.But where Stracks' really shines is their breakfast. The biscuits are hearty, eggs plentiful and gravy rich. Wake your friends and come early. As you drink your coffee, participate in what is quickly becoming a lost art in the urbanization of America: the morning gabfest.Sit amongst the young and old and discuss whatever is on your mind: local politics, High School sports, the weather. The topic doesn't matter, it's a means to the true purpose: community. Through laughter, arguments and simply just listening, these people haven't forgotten the elemental value of simply being in community with others. No need for any other agenda except as a reward for getting out of bed.It wasn't too long ago you had to head towards town from here just to reach what would be considered the "outskirts." With new homes, shopping strips and retail banks popping up nearly overnight all around, Strack Farms remains stoic and dedicated to good food and great community.
<review# 2353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2007,2/12/2008,26,52,4,5,2>When I worked in midtown, Cali's was my everyday lunch place.  Nothing can beat the $2 Vietnamese sandwiches (watch out for the hot pepper though!).  The owner is a character too.  When a coworker on his first visit tried to pay for his sandwich with a credit card, she told him it was too small to charge and to come back during the week with cash.  He was surprised that she would wait to be paid and she told him that she knew "he wouldn't screw her over $2."I just wish it didn't smell like bleach at the beginning of the lunch service.
<review# 2354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2007,2/11/2008,11,111,4,8,8>A unique wine bar for Houston. Why?a) it's about the wine. it's not fancy, it's not a typical Houston "to be seen/ to see" locale. it's a place to drink wine*.b) minimal decor: a gutted medium-sized warehouse space, and the only (to the eye) refurbished things are the floor, the bar counter, and the wine storage area behind the bar. the lighting is DIM, you'll need candles to read the menu but your eyes adjust after 20 minutes. When I'm 50 I'm REALLY going to appreciate this bar. Now I just like it!c) a long wine list, nice owners to explain what's on the list.d) i ate an excellent prosciutto, piave (italian cheese), arugula panino: savory, spicy arugula snap, and crispy bread. if I were a bigger person I might find the portion small for the $8 price tag, but it was good for me. We also tried the porchetta which was expertly sliced (thin) ala Dolce Vita.e) if you want to buy wine or beer to go, you can, and it's cheaper than in house.My only complaint is that most wine by the glass is pretty pricey so two glasses of wine, one panino, and the (generous) slices of porchetta came to $40. Maybe I'm just miserly. even with that, I enjoyed the experience and I"ll be back. 13 has a great vibe. and it's walkable from the rail!* they also serve beer, but the place LOOKS like it's only about wine.
<review# 2355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2007,2/10/2008,20,333,3,5,5>I didn't know why the reviews for Empire were so bad until I saw that everyone had been eating the *food*.  Silly Houstonians - you don't go to Empire for the food!  It's just not that good!  (Some of their soups are ok, but never order a sandwich or anything with eggs from my experience.)You DO go to Empire for the coffee, the cake, and the outdoor seating.  You go to drink endless refills, accompanied by tiny shortbread cookies.  You go to devour any of their tasty cakes or cookies (huge portions usually, so plan to share).  You go because someone wants coffee and someone else wants wine and there's not a lot of places that do a good job catering to both in Houston.  You go because it's a nice night outside and you feel like lazing around, or you want to get some work done or talk to a friend and your house is a mess.Don't leave your food unattended outside - I once lost a whole chocolate chip cookie to the birds.This is not an impress/be-impressed kind of place, but it's extremely reliable.  They close earlier than you might anticipate, so don't plan to make Empire your last stop.
<review# 2356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2008,2/8/2008,69,44,,6,7>This place is just plain fun.(In case you've never had a Chinese hot pot, it's a large pot on a burner, full water or broth into which you put an assortment of veggies and/or meat and/or seafood and/or dumplings. It's fun because you get to play with your food and fish everything out as you want to eat it. It's a little like fondue, but with more variety and its own distinct flavor. If you like new and different food, especially of the ethnic variety, you'll probably really enjoy it.)I've had hot pots before both in friends' homes and my own home, and in restaurants. I love them and will basically take any excuse to eat 'em.But I'd not before been to a place that serves them at a U-shaped counter, where everyone gets their own burner and pot.They have a simple menu with a few basic combinations. There's a meat-lovers with beef slices. There's a seafood-lovers with squid, shrimp, mussels, etc. All of them come with a generous assortment of veggie goodies to help flavor your broth and eat. There was a good selection of sides you could get. I got the squid and it was a surprisingly generous portion and really fresh tasting. There were two sauces that came with (one soy sauce-y, one peanutty) that were pretty tasty. For those that wanted spicier additions, there was some red pepper sauce and shake seasoning. We had to ask for rice, which was kind of weird, but there wasn't a charge for it. The service was kinda eh. There were two waiters that had to keep up with 20-ish guests. They acted (and in reality *were*) too busy to take your order without making you feel rushed. They were relatively attentive, though more so to how close to being finished and gone than how you were doing and what you needed. The owner/manager came out from the kitchen a few times to glad-hand some regulars and seemed kind. The food came out quick and was very fresh and nicely arranged on the plates.The price for the meal was a little steeper than I'd preferred (my meal was $14 with regular meat-y plate and an order of squid and a friend's was $20, I think). It seemed kind of inflated for what was actually served, but it was rather convenient to have someone else to do the shopping and prep for the hot pot!!!If you're a seasoned hot potter, you'll probably enjoy it, but it probably won't be the best hot pot of your life. If you've never had hot pot, this is a very good place to give it a try. It's a non intimidating atmosphere with simple choices from which to order, with all the good things you need to make the hot pot tasty, at a reasonable price for the experience.
<review# 2357,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/19/2007,2/7/2008,19,42,4,7,3>When you charge $13 for a ham and cheese sandwich, you had better be able to wow people with your food.  They did not bring the wow factor...The service was very good, and the waiter was attentive and very polite.  But, when the people and hotel location make the restaurant, you're in the wrong business.  Punto.I'm also not a fan of eight keystone cops trying to force me to valet my car.  Seriously, it looked like a clown car scene at the circus...You look around and nobody.  Suddenly 4 guys at each car want the keys-after I parked the car.  Funny, but not so much, really...Food is a passion for the French: besides the Louvre, its their National Pride.  At Bistro Moderne, it seemed that the chef's menu was on par with an upscale seafood kitchen that Tilman Fertita owns (ie.Pesce) and that's a real shame.  For my third visit I really wanted the menu to have evolved.  Unfortunately, it seems they've taken a cue from my nemesis: take the mundane, and keep it there.  They get three stars because of the service and modern room, food was ehh. My rec: skip it, and go to the Column D'Or.
<review# 2358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2008,2/6/2008,839,439,1,8,6>A friend recommended this cleaners not for drycleaning but for shoe repair. I didn't even know Pilgrims did that. Maybe they all don't. But this one does, and it does it well!!My FAVORITE pair of tall black boots lost the little bottom doodad on one so it clicking and a little uneven. Me limping around isn't exactly the look I was going for. I didn't really want to leave them with just anyone; they fit just right, cost a good amount, and I love them. For those of you (men) who can't understand this, think of your favorite meal, how it tastes, how much you crave it. This is how I feel with these boots. Ok, now that we're clear back to my story...I took my favorite boots over Friday afternoon and showed her the problem. She was very friendly and said she could fix it easily. I also loved the fact that the cashiers both times not only spoke excellent English, but were also dressed and acted accordingly. (I can't stand when I can't understand them like the nail places argh!)I was told I could pick them back up Saturday! Wow. I didn't get a chance to get them until today (Monday) but when I did they were quick, nice and cheap. About $8 for a new heel and shine!! Me like!
<review# 2359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2007,2/5/2008,367,667,2,4,3>I stated the weekend at ZaZa last Sept for my bday, and had a BLAST!!! The weather was till good enough to enjoy the pool outside, we had cabana service and there were pretty people strewn about. The bar was nice, yes the cocktails were $$ but its a hotel bar what do you expect? The rooms were GORGEOUS some with some amazing views of Houston! Great flat screen tvs int he rooms and awesome showers. There were no tubs in my particular room, but no biggie. The only downfall was that the room service took FOREVER and the food wasnt that great. Other than that, the service overall was outstanding, and the hotel was beautiful!!!! Will stay again and plan to go back soon!
<review# 2360,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/1/2007,2/4/2008,77,240,8,7,5>This place has everything for $1.19, which technically makes it "Just a Dollar and nineteen cents", which doesn't have the same ring to it. On a typical visit you can buy cleaning products, party goods, losing lottery tickets(sigh), a wrench, fried chicken (if you have a death wish), and be propositioned by a one-legged, one-eyed homeless guy. Pity they don't sell body parts too. The clientele are occasionally hygiene challenged and several of them have the whole Tourettes thing going on, but what do you expect for $1.19 smack in the middle of downtown?
<review# 2361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2007,2/3/2008,123,317,9,10,8>Mike S... you, my right honorable gentleman, are mistaken.This place is incredible.  Mama Ninfa is not only my hero... but she is the mexican grandmother that I never had (may she rest in peace).I went simple, I just ordered the El Eddie, which is 3 soft tacos.  They give you two options of meat, so I ordered 2 shredded beef and 1 ranchera chicken.  They were incredible!  Not only was it a ton of food for the price, but the meat was tender and seasoned beautifully.My friend got the Chimichanga, which was a feast of a meal.  Whoever thought of wrapping meat in a tortilla, frying it, and serving it with chile con queso should have a statue made for them.The atmosphere of this place is a really nice touch as well.  It seems really small, the ceiling seems low (most likely getting lower as it gets older), and the waitresses all wear "traditional" dresses (I put that in quotes because I don't know what is really traditional and they could have just fooled me).All in all, this is a brilliant place, and what is even better is I just bought a townhouse down the street so I can walk there for dinner... and then roll back home after wards.
<review# 2362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2008,2/2/2008,0,0,3,9,13>To me, the epitome of cool lies in one's ability to be comfortable in one's own skin.  To be like, "Hey, look at me - or don't look at me, I don't care - this is the way I am, and hey, I actually like the way I am."  To me, that's a James Dean sort of cool.  And to me, Shoeshine Charley's is that sort of cool.Yeah, you might think anything to do with a circus is passe or kitsch.  That's fine, because Shoeshine Charley's doesn't care what you think, really.  Besides, it is a dive bar so void of pretentiousness (and there's truly no circus theme evident at all) that I don't even think the self-proclaimed hippest of hipsters could survive here.  Its interior is dark and moody, accented by some mellow red lighting surrounding the bar area.  The step-up seating area is haphazardly dotted with throwback-era furniture, featuring deep wood coffee tables and studded chairs, and virtually zero intrusive lighting, save the glow from the performance area.  The live music acts are so varied that you never know what to expect, but no matter what genre or what band they are covering, you can guarantee that you'll be entertained.  Hell, they might literally "take it to the street" for you, if you're lucky.And that's it.  That's it, in a nutshell.Yet, something about this conglomeration, this "circus," if you will, adds up to perfection in my book.  It's the little things that make this experience worth it - the immediate sense of belonging, the lack of any sizable crowds or shrieking collegiates, the friendly bartenders, the unassuming patrons.  But these are all things you'd have to experience first-hand in order to understand their true impact on an evening at Shoeshine Charley's.  I invite you to do just that.At any rate, Shoeshine Charley's gets my Dive Bar Seal of Approval.  So when you're hunting down grub at Tacos A Go-Go, do yourself a favor and at least poke your head into this little gem, and at most, bring your Tacos A Go-Go here (you can!).  I dare you to exit disappointed.
<review# 2363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2007,2/1/2008,0,0,6,5,5>I am no vegetarian, nor have I ever entertained the thought.  I sometimes lose sleep because I'm haunted by visions of a world devoid of In-N-Out burgers and bacon-wrapped hotdogs.  Maybe that's a little extreme, but my point is that I rarely find a veggie meal I would order for any reason other than curiosity.  Well, I ordered Brasil's mozarella sandwich for the second time the other day.  The heart of palm and club sandwiches - meatless as well - are also delicious.  I haven't gotten to any other sandwiches yet, or the pizza, but I anticipate that their meat-packed fare will be just as tasty.Hint: If you are a carnivore taking a fussy vegetarian on a first date, and you're still trying to decide whether she's worth faking your own abstention from meat for the foreseeable future, bring her here to at least fake it in the short run.
<review# 2364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2007,1/31/2008,23,38,,5,3>Reef is definitely one of the new restaurants in town with a lot of buzz so I went with high hopes and walked away fairly pleased.The restaurant itself was not as "fancy" as I imagined it would be. It was definitely trendy and very modern. The glass wall wine room was a nice touch as well as the soothing light blue color of the wall. They have an open kitchen where you can see your food being prepared. It wasn't as loud as I've heard from other reviews so maybe they have worked out that kink. Our waitress was very friendly. I ordered a bottle of Riesling without recognizing the name but when she brought it out I recognized the bottle as being one I previously tried and did not enjoy. She had no problem taking it back and even recommended a nice pinot.For an appetizer we ordered sweet potato and apple wood bacon ravioli. It was fantastic.And to prove just how great it was: Everyone was eating their appetizer, no one said a word the only thing you heard were occasional mmmm's and then my friend broke the silence, "Uh, is this a piece of plastic?" Sure enough it was a hard piece of plastic in her portion of the ravioli. But even as she held up the plastic in one hand she was eating the rest of the dish with her other hand. It was just that good. We told the waitress and she apologized genuinely and said that of course the dish would be comped. For an entree I had the roasted grouper with pecan shallot cracklins, braised collards and pot licker jus. It was very good. The fish was fresh. The outside was crispy and the inside was moist and sweet. I love collards and the way it was served in the jus with the cracklins on top was fantastic. We shared our food around the table and I was able to sample the crispy skin snapper (fantastic, similar to the grouper, the brown butter went well with it,) the slow baked salmon with lemon risotto (the salmon was good and the risotto was flavorful and cooked just right,)and the grilled scallops with truflled polenta and mushroom ragout (the scallops were huge and meaty and had that nice sweetness to it.)For dessert we ordered a vietnamese coffee tart which was good but nothing to rave about. When we got the bill we noticed that  not only did they not charge us for the ravioli the wine we had was rung in at the price of the wine I chose instead of the one she recommended which was more expensive. That's good customer service. Overall, it was a great dining experience. I took off a star because there are definite kinks they need to work out but with the freshness of the seafood and the innovative dishes Reef is a good edition to the houston restaurant scene.
<review# 2365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2008,1/30/2008,393,766,11,10,7>I love a good dive bar.  There's just something about disgusting bathrooms, dingy tables, and low lighting that get me excited.  That being said, Rudyard's epitomizes these qualities to the max.  Fantastic.The first bartender I had was great.  And older guy who knew how to talk to customers and did me a favor by not only recommending beers to me, but also recommending food (I ended up with the bacon cheeseburger).  I ordered tater tots since everyone raves about them, but somehow I ended up with fries.  No biggie since the fries were actually pretty good.  The other two bartenders weren't nearly as friendly.  They seemed very caught up in being "cool" and seeing as how I was coming straight from work, I probably looked too corporate to be considered "cool".  Evidently there are amazing bands that play upstairs.  Seeing as how I'm not a music person, this really didn't get me all excited.  It did, however, make me want to double check before just showing up here on a random day so I won't have to pay a cover charge.  I'm cheap like that.The beer selection was pretty extensive and I was happy to see so many beers on tap considering how much they have by the bottle.  I'm not sure how crowded it gets on the weekends, but I had no problem going straight to the bar to order drinks and never had to wait.  Big plus in my book.On the downside, the parking isn't fun.  Nor is it great when you're trying to parallel park in front of the bar with a huge audience that is just making you more nervous.  And it definitely isn't fun to do a 30 point parking job.  And to receive a standing ovation when you finally DO end up parking in the spot.  While my terrible parking skills are not the bar's fault, I do wish they had better parking.
<review# 2366,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/20/2008,1/29/2008,101,122,1,8,8>I'd passed this place about a bazillion times while going to or coming from other stores in the plaza, and the restaurant always caught my eye. The only things keeping me from trying it out were lack of time, and not knowing if they did take-out orders. After finding out that they did, I decided to give it a try.I sat in the bar while I waited for my order to be ready, and the bartender, Tracee, was really friendly and chatted it up with me a bit. The wait wasn't too bad, and the price wasn't too bad either. I ordered the seafood fondeaux and the BBQ ribs. To be honest, I SCARFED the seafood slop (and what tasty slop it was!), but I was completely unimpressed with the ribs. While they were VERY tender and literally fell right off the bone, they were severely lacking in flavor. Overall a good experience, but the food wasn't outstanding. I'll probably be back to at least try out a few other menu items, and if anything impresses me, I'll change my review. But as of now, 3 stars for Tracee, the entertaining bar decor, the ooey gooey cheesy seafood, and the wait time. :)*****************Update: 2/3/08===============So, I went back today, and Tracee let me down, folks. I wanted to cry in my Sam Adams while I sat at the bar waiting for my order. I'm not changing my rating though, because I had the cheesesteak sandwich and it was nommylicious! :)
<review# 2367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2007,1/28/2008,40,363,21,17,9>Cindie. Cindie. Cindie.  One part of me feels ashamed to walk through your doors.  I am a mother, after all, and every child knows parents don't go to places like this.  Even as an adult, I will continue to firmly believe my mother and father have never set foot in a store with more lubricants than a Jiffy Lube.On the other hand, I learn something new every time I browse through the store.  Sometimes things I don't want to know are burned into my brain forever - but to each his or her own, right?  Thanks for being educational, Cindie's.In addition to all of the adult novelties, Cindie's carries lingerie and Halloween costumes.  If you want to be the Naughty or Sexy version of just about anything, Cindie's has the Halloween costume you've been looking for.  Of course, it's not anything you can wear if you're taking the kids trick or treating.  The Naughty Nurse isn't well received when handing out candies to the neighborhood kids.Cindie's keeps late hours too.  If you need something, they're open until midnight.  Because, you just never know what you might have to have after the sun goes down that you can't find at your nearby grocery store.  Bravo to Cindie's - a place I swear my mom and dad have never been.
<review# 2368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2007,1/27/2008,0,0,1,9,9>One of my favorite neighborhood bars. Great drink prices, lots of pinball (at least 6-8 machines and they rotate them out) and a good crowd makes this an enjoyable place to drink. Never pretentious, no ridiculous bouncers who deny you entry, nothing but just straight up bar fun. The bar is narrow, so it can get crowded. If it gets too crowded you can venture out in the back yard patio area. The Poison Girl is a cool place to get your drink on. See ya there!
<review# 2369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2007,1/26/2008,45,20,6,10,8>Zagat?  Wiggity wack!  Michelin Star?  Who cares!  When I want a reliable recommendation, I'm listening to my Nai Nai (grandma... on my dad's side to be exact).  With the considerable weight behind her 80+ years of eating AND cooking, if a restaurant gets a thumbs-up from her, it's golden in my eyes.  Add in the praise of my aunt, who's been around the world many times over, and I almost don't have to say another word.But I will.My aunt makes a beeline for the fridge in back displaying an array of cold appetizers and returns grinning, setting down a small plate of chicken feet.  Unlike the kind you get at dim sum, these are simply boiled and chilled, with a slightly sour taste.  Here's a tip: there is no polite way to eat something that's all skin, tendon and bone... just GNAW, baby!  It's not the prettiest thing to do in public, but damned if it ain't addictive.We order from the lunch special menu - which does not mean "would you like steamed/fried rice, egg drop/hot and sour, egg roll/crab puff?"  It just means the prices are reduced.The salted fish, chicken, and eggplant claypot was excellent.  Salted fish, due to some kind of curing and fermentation process I'm guessing, can be overpowering and somewhat of an acquired taste.  But here, its pungency is muted and a perfect compliment to a bowl of rice.  The same can also be said for the mapo tofu, which was spicy but not overtly so.  I could actually taste the pork, tofu, and chiles.  The same dish made by an inferior chef?  It'd be like sticking your tongue in a volcano.The dried tofu, pork and celery dish really represented the overall character of the food at Fu Fu - it tasted CLEAN.  Not greasy.  Not salty.  Not flawless, mind you, but just about right.  The orange peel beef was OK, and I did appreciate that it was coated and then fried, giving it a crunchier texture.  Everyone else adored the shengjian bao - think big ass potsticker with fluffier dough - but I lived in Taiwan more recently, so I know better, heh.  Even then, good stuff.All tables were full - which is normal - so the service was rather slow.  Fu Fu is super hot right now, so if you arrive around noon, you'll be waiting.  Best to come before or after the lunch rush.  I've never tried it, but the hot pot is very popular.  Technically a 4.5 on my scale but my family's raves pushes it to 5 star territory.
<review# 2370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2007,1/25/2008,36,40,10,1,5>OK. I think it's time to talk about our incident at House Of Pie.It's time for our confessions.It was long time ago. I was drinking at the bar with friends. Even after they closed, we kept talking and bullshitting with bartenders.After countless hard-to-breathe laughs and coughing, we decided to go to House of Pie to chill down,If three stupid drunk men are hanging out with no girl after 2am, you could probably imagine what we were talking about....... girls.... "How we used to do stupid stuff 10 years ago" and stuff.. Well, we were still stupid that time - probably less stupid.We started talking about how we used to ask out girls.At the House of Pie, waiting for our seat, we start betting "Oh she must be dating with that guy sitting next to her." "No way, you go ask him."And we really started asking the girls to find the answers of stupid questions. "She must be working as a secretary." Blah blah blah.And then, we sat down at the counter. We still kept talking about very very stupid stuff.As we are about to check out... the guy who sat next to us couldn't hold his breathe.... and start calling us "fag," and "bullshit".And the waiters who are working behind the counter started agreeing with him and support him."Shame on you, guys." "You should not treat the girl like that." (Well, I don't really remember what they said exactly to us.)We left the restaurant.We had a small meeting at the parking lot."We can't come back here for a while."We became older.House of Pie will never close as long as they have strong waiters who knows how to deal with drunk people.I thank House of Pie for this priceless moment although I paid in Visa (Not Master Card).I usually give 3 stars to this quality of service. But I will give 4 stars for bringing us back to sober. And I will never forget the taste of three scramble eggs, bacons and pancakes that I ate that night.FYI, nowadays, I am an innocent, older and naive guy :-p
<review# 2371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2008,1/24/2008,89,231,2,13,12>"Es tan corto el amor, y es tan largo el olvido."(Love is so short, forgetting is so long.)--Pablo NerudaThe poignant verse of this Chilean poet and Nobel Prize laureate reflects the bittersweet sentiment of lost love. It could equally describe my taste buds' recollection of last night's meal at Churrascos. It will take me a very long time to forget the all too brief love affair that my palate had with 8 ounces of Nicaraguan style tenderloin called a churrasco.Lovers of Latin cuisine in Houston should all be eternally grateful to Michael Cordua who has given us not only Churrascos, but Americas, Amazon Grill and Artista (in the Hobby Center for the Performing Arts). My passion burns brightest for Churrascos though. Upon entering their Westchase location on Westheimer, you're immediately impressed by the darkly rich and heavily carved wood accents that contrast with the fertile yellow-gold walls. Last night, our party of six were greeted warmly and seated at a large table. I confess I amorously devoured too many of their addictive fried plantains before being introduced to a beef connoisseur's love incarnate. But before that luscious encounter, I warmed my palate with a black bean soup in a sourdough bread boule. It was covered with partially melted slices of Queso Chihuahua which had a slightly smokey mozzarella quality. The bread itself thickened the delicious soup that quickly disappeared as I shamelessly binged like the true soupaholic that I am.My entree was one of the evening's specials: their 8 oz churrasco covered with lumped crab meat and smothered with a rich reduction of Riesling. It was accompanied with grilled stalks of asparagus and portobello mushrooms in a Bearnaise sauce. The combination was a sensual delight. My very rare fillet didn't really need to be chewed - it simply melted in my mouth like a magnificent culinary French kiss.  The other special being offered last night was a seafood platter of lobster, Chilean sea bass and scallops. Based on the reaction of my dinner companions who ordered it, it must have been equally divine (although that is hard to imagine).I selected a "safe" Argentine Cabernet to appease the diverse tastes of our dinner party. It was a bit too smooth to match the carnal character of my churrasco. When no one else wanted a second bottle of wine, I asked for another glass. When it came, I smiled because they had mistakenly given me a glass of a much bolder Malbec that suited me just fine. I didn't say a word.I was simply too stuffed after my deliciously lusty encounter to even consider dessert. I left besotted and only a bit more than $100 poorer for my wife's and my fare."y hambriento vengo y voy olfateando el crepusculo buscandote, buscando tu corazon caliente como un puma en la soledad de Quitratue."--Pablo Neruda
<review# 2372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2008,1/23/2008,43,17,,16,5>Back in high school (about 15 years ago) I worked with an antique jewelry vendor. She trusted no one but Galaxie Jewelers to work on her fine antique jewelry and with good reason.This business is a locally owned & family run led by a father/son team (one of them seems to always be there when I drop by). They provide courteous, friendly and knowledgeable service and really make you feel at home and comfortable. They do all the work in-house and their workmanship is way above those mall jewelry stores, all at very reasonable prices. The one time a pendant they fixed for me didn't stay welded, I returned and they immediately took care of it at no charge and apologized for the inconvenience, no questions asked. The pendant has never fallen off again and its been years since the repair.I suggested Galaxie to my husband when he was getting my engagement ring made and choose them to make it. He says he never felt pressured to buy above his budget, they treated him really well and worked with him to design a beautiful ring for me. I can now go in whenever I want and have the ring cleaned and checked for free.They also sell a small selection of mostly vintage or newer unique but elegant, classic jewelry. My husband bought me a beautiful gray pearl bracelet there for a recent anniversary.In short, I would never go anywhere else to have my jewelry repaired or custom-made while I live in Houston! Their staff is extremely pleasant and often remembers who you are. Just such a nice change compared to the lack of service so common nowadays.
<review# 2373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2007,1/21/2008,30,39,,9,2>Half price books is a dangerous place for me and my husband to be.  No matter how much self restraint we have, we usually end up with $30 of books each.  When some of the books are fairly old and everything is half off, that equals a LOT of books.  We are seriously running out of space in our apartment.This particular location has a decent selection of books normally.  I have only once gone in and not found something of interest to purchase.  That being said, like all half price books, you usually have to go in not having your heart set on a particular book (and when I say this, I mean that you won't feel a trip was wasted because you couldn't find a particular book).  Because they rely on people selling their old books, their selection is very random.  I have found some books for great prices that I wouldn't be able to find elsewhere.  For instance, by chance I found a full copy of Black's Law Dictionary in great condition for $17 (the pocket version of the dictionary is $35 new).  As a poor college student, I love finding deals like this.The staff is generally helpful, though, like all half prices they can't tell you what they have because they don't keep an inventory.  Come on though, going is an adventure!The one downside is that since it is located in the village, parking sucks.  But I feel it is worth it.  Just grab some food in the village and head over for some books.
<review# 2374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2007,1/20/2008,19,51,,5,5>What a great atmosphere.  One of the only places that I can remember off the top of my head where I want to actually sit at the bar and talk to the bartenders opposed to grabbing a table with friends.  I kind of get the impression that this is a dive bar that serves wine, opposed to a wine bar.  This is great for creating a non-pretentious, laid-back atmosphere.  However, it does not lend itself to a very extensive wine list, and even less "by the glass" selections.  On top of that, two of the wines that we ordered were out.  Yet the bartender was gracious enough to turn this negative into a positive by pouring samples of some options that we may like based upon our earlier, more not-available selection.  One of which turned out to be a tremendous recommendation.  The parking situation, not their fault, was pretty terrible, and we ended up paying $5 to park in a garage.  Please note that it is cash only, which I can appreciate, but it does not seem as convenient as just signing out the tab at the end of the night.  All in all, a great bar, with an exceptional amount of character.
<review# 2375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2007,1/19/2008,41,128,,8,3>This place rocks basically because it's the only restaurant that serves authentic PERUVIAN ceviche that I have found in Houston. No, the ceviche isn't a tomatoey salsa with shrimp in it, it's fish cooked in lime juice with onions. That might not sound exciting, but just wait until you try it...Minus a star for it being way out in the middle of nowhere, like 45 minutes to an hour from downtown, it's practically in a different city!
<review# 2376,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/18/2007,1/18/2008,9,120,1,6,2>i guess this place is hit or miss based on all the mixed reviews, but i had a good experience.  i went in the early afternoon, there is a convenient parking lot in the back so parking was no problem.  the place was empty when i was there, but the two people behind the register were friendly.  they only had 2 choices for the day, chocolate and vanilla with various frosting. it looked really good, but based on the prior reviews i thought looks could be deceiving. when I got home and bit into the cupcake, it was quite good, the frosting was sweet and the cupcake itself was soft and fresh. i'll be back to try it again.update since CRAVE and sprinkles opened:  i honestly think sugarbaby's will have a very tough time competing with these two awesome cupcake places.
<review# 2377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2007,1/17/2008,31,15,,4,2>raven is my alternate kitchen! it is the perfect place to meet up some peeps for some catching up. the blackened chicken pasta is ridiculous, as in awesome. and dont even get me started with the tower o' rings! another item that is really good is their ceviche. my friend almost always gets the new york strip with garlic mashed potatoes... parking can be hard to come by if you visit during peak hours. the waitstaff is very attentive and cool. The best thing about this place is that even with the corvette driving doctors type of customers you can still get a generous pour glass of wine for under $5!
<review# 2378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2007,1/16/2008,9,5,,8,6>Husband and I just ordered it on the advice of friends, and to say we were happily surprised is putting it mildly. This is the best pizza we've had in quite a while (and we're true pizza lovers). Delicious crust, generous toppings and a pleasantly spicy sauce make this our new go-to pizza place when we get a craving. Service was great too -- and the delivery guy was here much quicker than we expected. One more great place for the Heights!
<review# 2379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2007,1/15/2008,12,20,,6,4>I visted this Midtown cafe on a Sunday afternoon, and I enjoyed the crepes and the coffee.  I ordered a special savory crepe, cesar salad, and a soy latte.  The waitress was great and very accomodating of my requests.  I wanted a small side salad, and she was willing to cut their regular salad in half and charge me half price.  My orders came out very quickly (I barely had time to read my newspaper), and the waitress was very courteous.  The latte was good (no burnt taste like Starbucks), and although the crepe was a bit soggy, it was very tasty.  (I attributed the soggy crepes to the mozzarella cheese so I didn't mind.)  I'm definitely coming back again.Pros:  good food, good coffee, excellent service, indoor and outdoor seating availableCons:  metered parking, bit pricey, not much seating  - this will be an issue if you come during peak time
<review# 2380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2007,1/13/2008,1,5,1,3,3>I grew up in Aransas Pass, Tx, which is a town where back in the day thrived on the shrimping industry.  My grandfather was a bay shrimper in Rockport, TX, and my father worked as a gulf shrimp boat captain from time to time.  When he wasn't shrimping, he worked as a supply/crew boat captain and port captain.  If there's one thing my family knows, is good seafood!  And around here, Sartin's is the place to go.The owner of the restaraunt has his own shrimp boats, so the seafood is always fresh.  The first time I walked into Sartin's, I felt like I had stepped into a little piece of heaven.  The entire place smells like fresh, home-cooked seafood.  (Okay, I'm salivating right now just thinking about it.)  The appearance of the restaurant is not fancy smancy, but that makes it even more authentic.  They do have a large flat screen TV, if you want to watch Monday night football.  They have $2 domestic beers during the game.  The barbeque crabs are to die for!  I had been searching high and low for a local establishment that serves a crab and shrmip boil, and could not find one.  I still haven't found one, but the crabs at Sartin's are incredible!  They also get big props for not over battering the fried food.  They do it just like we did at home....a little corn meal, thank you!I really do love this place, I can't say enough about it.  Let me just say that my entire family loves it, too.  My father even bought a shirt that says, "I got my crabs at Sartin's."
<review# 2381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2007,1/12/2008,54,200,,5,2>Very good....actually very, very good.  BUT it adds up very quickly even though the menu doesn't look too bad.  Me and my girl went there and got brussel sprout salad, salmon appetizer, pasta with slow cooked pork, a pizza (cheese, arugula, and pears, I think the same as Andrew M.'s) and torta nera -- really good dark chocolate cake. -- $57 (after tax and tips)!And we don't even drink!  (my friend says the wine ain't cheap either)But if you're hungry for good pizza and you want a casual place with good service that gets packed even on Tuesday nights....4-stars=if you can afford it.PS i should mention that most of the seating is outdoors but they do have it covered and climate controlled.  Its definitely expensive casual.
<review# 2382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2007,1/11/2008,6,28,,6,5>Well, I have been to many sushi bars and Asian fusion place all over the country...but mostly LA and NYC, Not to mention Japan itself. SO when I was given the recco to try this AMAZING lo key place when i moved form LA over 5 years ago, I was immediately struck by the 99.99% Japanese clientele coming to this well kept secret.They have two traditional dining rooms in the rear. That if in use are Japanese folks. It is very traditional so if you're looking for the latest fad in rolls don't come here. This place is about the "FISH" it is the freshest in town (Thursday yields the freshest). The amazing skill of the owner and his family in providing a true and authentic taste of Japanese sushi and sashimi and many item not on the menu. Service is wonderful, clean and a secret I wanted to keep, but know if I put this out someone will tell  me where to get authentic hand-pulled Chinese noodles. I just got back form china and am jonesing for some real bad.
<review# 2383,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/9/2007,1/10/2008,158,252,3,10,4>I have lived in the area for a really long time (too long actually) and i have always wanted to try this place..they have "bald mondays" where the balder you are the deeper the discount you get - kinda odd but i enjoy looking at their weekly bald celeb or random person's caricature that is hung on the side of the building..I finally made it and went for something simple - a home made chicken salad sub on wheat bread..The thing was huge. Seriously, I only ate one third of the sub and was stuffed, not to mention it was only like $4. They definitely are not shady with the ingredients, i had a mess of lettuce on my plate so make sure to get lots of napkins..The chicken salad was fresh and reminded me of the kind my grandma makes which is definitely better than your normal franchise sub shop where many items taste like they came out of the freezer. The place was overall clean and the staff was friendly but the parking situation is retarded. I just got lucky cutting out across the freeway in Bayport but I could totally see getting out of here becoming annoying really easy.
<review# 2384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2007,1/9/2008,29,22,2,6,4>Go by this place once every week.Usually order one fajita chicken, one beef and a fish taco.They use an avocado sauce in the chicken fajita...i dont know if i like that that much. But the chicken fajita distracts me and i pretty much forget about it after awhile.Once in awhile i'll order their carne guisada, pollo guisado, or barbacoa...and venturing into the breakfast tacos if its late/early enough.The carne guisada and pollo guisado are a bit runny so you should eat it qucikly.The barbacoa has gotten rave reviews but i think it tastes a bit gamey...is that the right word?And they also serve mexican coke in a bottle..the good stuff with sugar cane.Prices arent bad...they aint Ruchi's or Tacqueria good..but they aint bad.
<review# 2385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2007,1/8/2008,0,33,,5,3>A quintessential East Coast -esque experience.  I entered from the left and was confronted with a long line. As many at Yelp have previously mentioned in many places this would indicate a good thing. In Houston however, a long line usually just means a pokey service. I was pleasantly surprised however that the line moved very fast. The lady in front of me was immediately passed over when she could not order rapidly enough (after standing in front of the menu for ten minutes ...) The bagels are very good, chewy, warm. A good variety of flavors without too being cutesy-blueberry-bran-apply-oatnuty. Only one complaint - salt does not belong on an everything bagel! It causes a bizarre, nearly instantaneous dessication. I must say though, this is the closest thing to a real bagel I have found in Texas.
<review# 2386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2007,1/7/2008,13,15,1,5,3>I love it.  The location is awesome, right next to edwards greenway, awesome music, free wifi, cozy atmosphere, super nice workers and manager, fresh fruits and of course the yogurt.   Try the peach yogurt with cocoa pebbles, strawberries and mochi.  Its like a party in your mouth!  I'd pick it over Swirll in houston and Pinkberry in LA any day!  All 'round good experience in every way.  A must go.
<review# 2387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2007,1/5/2008,4,17,,12,5>hot waiters and great food.  Fusion is great because I think they pay more attenton to the blending of flavors.  The naan is excellent as well.  I suggest the vegetarian sampler to try the best of everything but all of my friends thought that their meals rocked as well.  One weird thing, I tried to make reservations for eight thirty and they said that they couldnt accomodate us, so we made it for seven thirty....the whole time we were there (which was until nine) there was barely anyone there!
<review# 2388,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/9/2007,1/4/2008,20,37,1,6,6>I think maybe I need to go a bit later to get the full effect of this place (my friend and I went on a Friday from 8:30-10:30, but it was really slow when we were there.  They played NON STOP two-steps (which I am not a huge fan of) and a bit Top 40s - please NEVER two-step to a Sisqo again, it's just not right!Good points: really really big so I bet when it gets crowded you don't feel claustraphobic.  The bartender was also VERY nice and remembered what we ordered (maybe that's because I'm blonde haha).  I'd like to see Tumbleweed when it gets POPPIN'.
<review# 2389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2007,1/3/2008,3,34,2,7,1>My friends and I always go to Thai Cottage for lunch, we've been loyal patrons for at least one year. You have to go early or late, otherwise there is a huge line and you have to wait for about 10-15 minutes for a table. The restaurant is actually facing Wesleyan, and its in a shopping center that whole-heartedly believes in "quantity over quality" when it comes to parking spaces. Huge Mr.suburban-tahoe-anything bigger than a mini cooper, you might want to get your friend with a small car to drive. SUVs have a hard time fitting in the spaces.I always order the Green Dish or the chicken pad thai. The green dish is vegetables (cabbage, bean sprouts, carrots, baby corn and other greens) and tofu chunks sauteed in a clear, light brown sauce served with steamed rice. I LOVE the cabbage and bean sprouts. The sauce is also delicious with the rice. The chicken pad thai is good, not the best I've had, but certainly edible. All lunch items come with soup or salad, and a fried spring roll. ALWAYS go with the soup. The salad is iceberg lettuce with a whole bunch of shredded carrots on top. The soups are quite delightful- there is a different one everyday. The beef with bean sprouts and the chicken egg drop are my favorites. Every item on the menu seems to be good, the service is a bit sketchy, especially when they are busy. The waiters have a slight problem with filling up water/ice tea glasses, which can be a problem when you are eating spicy thai.
<review# 2390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2007,1/1/2008,70,186,2,4,4>I never even knew Houston had a revolving restaurant.  This place is definitely classy, and if you time it right (during the golden hour) the view can be fantastic, even if it is just Houston skyline :-)Fairly expensive dishes, but you get the quality cuisine you'd expect.   It is a bit weird to get up to go to the bathroom (in the central hub) and not be sure which way to turn to get back to your table.  And some of the decor seemed a littttttle bit out-dated, but maybe that means it's classic or something.Anyway, a unique place to go for a special evening.
<review# 2391,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/16/2007,12/31/2007,5,22,,7,2>Like most good Thai restaurants, Thai Lao is family owned/operated and is a hole in the wall.  After driving by and seeing the name I got excited about the prospects of having found a Laotian restaurant.  The food has some Laotian influence (try the papaya salad with fish sauce and sticky rice), but does not get too exotic.  Menu is fairly scaled down, but typically Thai.While the food didn't blow me away, the two most distinguishing features of Thai Lao are the friendliness of the proprietress and the overpowering smell of donuts from the shop next door.  Worth a visit if you're in the neighborhood.
<review# 2392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2007,12/30/2007,19,93,,5,3>Wow, you guys weren't kidding about the tortilla soup.  I don't think I've ever tasted anything quite like it.  I ordered it thinking I'd bring it for lunch tomorrow, but after a bite I knew it would be gone way before then.The fish taco was also quite good.  Shrimp tempura taco wasn't bad but that has more to do with the simple truth that almost anything fried will be yummy.Cheap too!  My only complaint was that it was the slowest drive-through experience I've ever had.  Maybe it was a bad night.
<review# 2393,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/15/2007,12/29/2007,0,14,,6,1>A friend and I went for lunch on a Saturday afternoon after some shopping in the Heights.  The decor/ambiance of the place is lovely. We were promptly seated.  All was going well until my friend and I each ordered a glass of wine. The wine was brought to the table and we told the waitress that we needed a few minuets to look over the menu.  Unfortunately my glass arrived with lipstick on it.   I politely informed out waitress of this and she honestly seemed ANNOYED.  She took my glass and for some reason bringing me another glass of wine took 15 minutes...and we still have not ordered. She was short  with us the entire time. I was quite perplexed by this.  This person's attitude almost overshadowed the excellent meal that we had. Despite our server, the food was excellent!  We shared the pastry plate, I had the curried tuna sandwich. They have a very creative menu , everything that we had was great. I will go back once more and make another attempt at the place hoping that the service will be better..
<review# 2394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2007,12/27/2007,10,40,2,7,5>Honestly whoever decided to invent a restaurant/movie theater was a genius.  Now instead of sneaking in booze or food into a movie theater, you can order it and eat it while you watch the movie.  They have plenty of beers to choose some, mixed drinks, and wine.  On top of that their is a full menu to choose from, ranging from a salad to quesadilla to burger.  Another good thing about this movie theater is that it shows new releases unlike some other ones i have been to.  In conclusion, a word of advice is they do last call about half-way thru the movie, so you need to start off strong on the drinking part, if you are a drinker.
<review# 2395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2007,12/26/2007,16,14,,6,4>Please be warned...this is not a cheap restaurant.  If you are looking for quality food, atmosphere and service read on, but if you are looking for cheap (and do not have a company birthday lunch of your choice coming up) than refer to my post about Empire Cafe.I have only eaten lunch here, but based on my lunch experience I assure you dinner would be just as enjoyable.  From the cute brick patio with beautiful landscaping, to the intimate dining room, to the spacious upstairs you feel like you are eating in many restaurants in one.  This is a perfect place for a nice business lunch or just a nice lunch in general.  Come with a couple girl friends or bring a client you want to impress!  The menu might seem small, but each item is a trip down lunch luxury lane. You will not find the wild mushroom and blue cheese tart or grilled salmon tacos at your nearest Jason's deli. The service is fantastic, the food is a treat and the atmosphere seals the deal. Come dressed in your casual business attire and bring a big appetite for gourmet food!
<review# 2396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2007,12/24/2007,60,73,3,6,5>My take on the Black Labrador is unusual in that almost every time I've gone there, it has been with the Houston Harry Potter meetup group (houstonharrypotter.com), at which times we have booked the Churchill Room with about ten people or so at each occurrence.The wait-staff is very courteous and good, but I have to agree with other people here that they can be a bit slow at times.  My usual meal is Crepes Elsie, and my dessert has been bread pudding or apple pie.  Warning: desserts are huge here.The most-interesting part of the Black Lab is the building itself.  Not a gentrified square foot is to be had, and if you are into Sir Winston's life and history, you've come to the right place.Jeff
<review# 2397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2007,12/22/2007,120,129,9,17,12>What other park in Houston has ANIMALS such as (but not limited to), ostriches, peacocks, white-tailed deers, bison, goats, sheep, emus, and squirrels, in it?    They are fenced off like in a zoo, but all within petting distance.  (Though I wouldn't recommend that... the deers like to charge at you, probably because of the noisy kids taunting it).Did I mention this is free?  (Versus paying $10 to go to the Houston Zoo?  Ridiculous, might I add...)Yeah, eat your heart out, Memorial Park.  Bear Creek can kick your pretty little ass any day.P.S.  There's also soccer, a nice 2-mi trail, tennis, etc that all the other reviewers talked about in detail.  Did I mention it's all FREE?  This park makes a nice lazy Sunday complete. :)
<review# 2398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2007,12/21/2007,125,132,1,5,3>if you're looking for a good live music/bar spot and you're into texas country, the good ole firehouse saloon is a really great place to check out. we recently saw phil pritchett here and kicked back a few beers while people watching. i must warn you, be prepared to see some of the shiniest belt-buckles you have ever seen...and possibly some bedazzled jeans, but you'll undoubtedly be in for a very good time.
<review# 2399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2007,12/20/2007,68,101,8,8,6>While I do everything in my power to hang on to the few remaining hairs on my head, sometimes I feel the need to spoil myself in some of the little pleasures life has to offer. This is why I go to Sport Clips to get my hair cut on those few occasions I don't cut my own hair.For $20, you get what is known as the MVP treatment which includes: 1) A hair cut2) The shampoo: This is not just any shampoo, the shampoo treatment at Sport Clips last 5-10 minutes and they do a full scalp massage that feels so good, I feel a little guilty when I leave. They also have the perfect lighting in the shampoo room so you're not staring at a blinding light.3) Hot towel treatment: They put a hot towel over your face after the shampoo and then massage your face over the towel. I have to admit, this was all a little weird the first time I went but now I can't imagine going anywhere else.4) Neck and shoulder massage: They actually have an electric massage they use on you before you take off, it's great.If you have never been to a Sport Clips before, go. Go now before it's too late. If you leave this earth without getting your hair cut at this place at least once, you may very well have missed out on what life is all about.Insider Tip: On your first visit, they give you a coupon for $5 off your next visit. You can also find a lot of $5 off coupons on line
<review# 2400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2007,12/19/2007,14,0,3,6,3>I'm a fan of the Velvet Melvin. It may not be for everyone but it covers all of my basic needs. I'm easy to please so it's not much I warn you..Drinks: I've got a Velvet Melvin tall glass that gets its use on Sundays and Wednesdays (around $2.00 for a big 'ol glass). They have $1.00 jello shots. And what they call a "Tank" which is a mixture of potent liquors that comes in a nifty souvenir "I Drank the Tank" plastic container.   Food: On Wednesdays they have Steak Night ($10 plate, good sized steak, potato and green beans). Good sandwiches. I like the food here -  I was hesitant at first because the place does have the hole-in-the wall vibe going on. But sure enough, there's a kitchen in the back. And they don't just make deep fried b.s. (And you know, if anyone has a problem with the food they can walk across the street to Jack-N-The Box)..Fun: It's super laid-back. They've got a dart board, a pool table. One of those touch screens I can sit in front of for hours. The jukebox always rips me off but that's my own fault for not learning my lesson. Big patio for some fresh air. And on the 4th of July they have hot dog eating contests. They have cool little events going on, poker nights, trivia nights.. It's small, cozy.. one of those places that you can go to and relax, not worry about fixing your hair when you just need a night out of the house. The crowd is mixed with young and old who seem to all want the same thing. To just chill. It's just like your friend's house kinda..who always has a lot of alcohol, can cook really good and always has fun stuff to do.
<review# 2401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2007,12/17/2007,5,10,13,6,6>Hello you luscious stuffed grape leaves.  Come here you incredible hummus.  Talk to me dirty you slow-cooked beef brisket.  Let me rub my face in you baklava.  Tickle my tongue you saucy taziki.Yes, this is what went through my mind as I perused the buffet at this delightful little Mediterranean piece of heaven in the lush, tropical locality of Houston (around the corner from PetSmart!).  While the ambiance leaves much to be desired, the food makes up for what they lack in atmosphere.  The only thing that was remotely foreign in the decor was the overhead lights and they looked like they were from Turkey or India.  Ubiquitous tile floor and standard table and chairs.I liked everything I tried on the buffet ($10.00 for lunch), except the Baba Ghanoush, which was really more like hummus than what I am used to.  Oh, and the rice pudding was quite strange tasting with an almost liquor taste so perhaps they added a little love there.You must try this place.
<review# 2402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2007,12/16/2007,120,112,3,4,5>Grown professional women comparing bras and cup sizes, shirts over the head; adults losing themselves in the fake star ceiling of the back room; maxing out credit cards on chocolate martinis:  It's A Wonderful World at Zimm's on Montrose.  We've celebrated birthdays, holidays and just plain old hang-with-friends days here.  We come when they open and leave when the "trendys" get there.  Comfy, uber cool muzik (I've given them a couple CDs BTW) and next door to some of the city's best food.  Do Zimm's.  Do it now, but take your time when you get there.
<review# 2403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2007,12/15/2007,251,723,,7,3>Convenience, class, comfort, what more do you need?  I have been here many a time for various events.  Red and white ball in high school?  Check.  High school prom?  Check.  Romantic night to celebrate Valentine's Day?  Check.  Month-long high school medicine camp counselor?  Twice!  Because I need the money.  They are located off 59 South and Edloe, right next to Lakewood Church and the Greenway Landmark theater.  The lobby always has fresh flowers and fruit.  The employees are professional and helpful.  Many have been here for several years.  The accommodations are comfortable and clean.  They have a gym with treadmills, ellipticals, weights, tv's, and an outdoor pool.  The 20th floor Plaza level has great views of Houston from all its windows.  The ballrooms are all on the basement level so the only drawback is that the entrance to a nice function is in the parking garage.  It's a convenient location for downtown, Rice Village, and the Galleria.  They offer a free shuttle within a 3 mile radius.  Several airlines have contracts here so you'll see a lot of flight attendants and pilots roaming around trying to catch some zzz's.  Also, not kidding about the high school medicine camp.  It happens every year in July so be aware before you book.  There will be about 350-400 loud, hormonal teenagers cramming themselves into the elevators for 20 days.  But we find stuff for them to do so they're not in the hotel if there's a weekend wedding.
<review# 2404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2007,12/14/2007,28,59,1,9,4>Proprietress Laura Fowler has created a paint-your-own-pottery space right in the heart of the Heights!  She is full of helpful hints and creative ideas.  Feel free to bring in anything that inspires you - pictures, drawing, wine, snacks.  This is a very laid back place.  There is even a seperate area for kids.  (By the way, Moms, don't think you can paint and not watch your kids.  It doesn't work that way.)Young At Art is available for all kinds of parties:  kids' birthdays, showers, corporate events, adult parties.  Of course there is a minimum, but it's very reasonable.On the 19th of every month, there is a Ladies Night.  Bring your friends, food and even drinks for an evening of pottery painting!All pieces take about a week to be fired so this is not something that you leave with when you paint it.  But, don't worry, it's in good hands.Of all the paint your own pottery places in Houston, this is by far the coolest.
<review# 2405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2007,12/13/2007,21,24,6,10,3>Dr. Stephen Vaughn at Contemporary Dental ROCKS my teeth off.  I actually look forward to going to the dentist now and it's not just because the hygienist, Julia, is hot.  Dr. Vaughn and his dental assistant with the nifty glasses (her name is escaping me which means she'll probably glue my tongue to my palette) are gentle but thorough.  X-rays are totally electronic and much faster than traditional x-ray technology.  However, you should not expect that the bite wings are any more comfortable thanks to the new fangled technology.The biggest testimony to Dr. Vaughn and his compadres is how comfortable I feel in the chair.  Also, I don't feel like he's a used car salesman when he suggests procedures or gets back to me with findings, which was the problem with my previous dentist and led to me switching to Contemporary.
<review# 2406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2007,12/12/2007,0,0,2,5,4>Since the previous reviews of this place have been hit-or-miss, I thought I'd compile a little quiz for the uninitiated:1) Are you looking for the chef to make a statement with their food?2) Are you the kind of person that thinks that worn-out tables and chairs give a restaurant "character?"If your answers are "yes" and "no" respectively, directly go to Hugo's. If not, Felix's may be the place for you.Don't look to Felix's if you want originality and flair -- you'll be eating meat, cheese, beans, and rice via some sort of corn-based vehicle. In fact, to enjoy this place, you must enjoy meat and cheese in that particular order. Since those are the very things that make the eyeballs of me and my husband roll back in our heads, this is one of our favorite places in Houston.  In my opinion, there really are no "stand out" items that Felix does differently than any other place -- it's sort of like Mexican comfort food.  But if you order a combination dinner, the portions are big enough to warrant at least five Hail Marys while you confess your sins of gluttony.  Even then, you'll be living off the leftovers in your doggie bag for a day afterwards.A fun atmosphere, huge portions for the price, and a rock-solid selection of standard Tex-Mex have directly contributed to success of this long-standing Houston institution. Parking is a bit of a pain at night, but it's worth it.
<review# 2407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2007,12/11/2007,24,39,,8,2>The Red Lion is a good little pub to go to on those cold and rainy nights.  Their fireplace room is cozy if you can find a seat in there.  I went on a Saturday night and although it was pretty crowded, it wasn't out of control packed.  The crowd was young and nice, not a high-cheeze factor going on, which is refreshing.  It took a while to get a drink at the bar, but once seated, the cocktail waitress was really attentive and always coming around making sure we were all right.  They seemed to have a great selection of beers on tap as well.  My only real problem with the place is that the music was lame.  It wasn't very "pub" like...a little too "Top 40" for my taste.  I think I even heard Cher at one point.  Yikes. Overall, I think this place isn't too bad.  It's not my favorite pub in town, but I'll most likely go again.
<review# 2408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2007,12/10/2007,17,181,,4,3>So, I went to Mockingbird Bistro based on all the glowing previous reviews and everyone was spot on!  We had a great experience here.  The restaurant has a great atmosphere and feels quaint, without feeling small.  The menu and wine list were perfect, with choices to fit any taste.  I had the dinner special, which was the Red Snapper and it was amazing!  The other people at my table had the scallops and the chicken, both of which were prepared to perfection.  My only complaint would be that I thought the presentation of the food was just marginal, however the taste definitely makes up for it.
<review# 2409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2007,12/8/2007,150,374,3,5,2>Never been here before, but went with a coworker today, who swore the salads were the greatest ever. Now I don't connect salads with mexican food, so I found it hard to believe, however, I did have the Mexico City Salad, which was actually really good (not the best ever, but exceeded my expectations).  Prices are a bit on the high side, especially for lunch.The salsa here has garlic in it which basically means I did several bowls like shots. Who needs chips?
<review# 2410,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/8/2007,12/7/2007,27,8,5,6,4>If you ever go here and see me huddled in the corner with sunglasses and an over sized newspaper, just leave me alone.Bailey's is a guilty pleasure and I have no idea how to rate it. I mean, I never leave feeling happy or clean. But there's the rush of the moment: scarfing down a deep-fried chicken fried steak sandwich and a combo of fries and onion rings chased with a gallon of sweet tea - let's just say I challenge you to come up with any sorrow that greasy mess can't smother.I really hate to love this place. (By the way, the music store next door is amazing and worth the trip.)
<review# 2411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2007,12/6/2007,26,52,3,6,5>I love the idea of this place - mysterious "insider" bar - unmarked entrance, dim lighting, possibility of seeing someone making out, or making out yourself.  Marfreless does not disappoint.  My friend and I headed upstairs, where we had the options of choosing one of almost twenty couches to lounge on.  Some were grouped facing each other, with a coffee table and a candle in between, and some were solitary.  The waitresses made rounds every five or so minutes, the people (even the drunk ones) were subdued and quiet, jazz music traveled up from downstairs, and it was the perfect place to have a quiet talk.  The only negative was the pricey martinis (but I do recommend the  raspberry martini).Oh!  Did I see someone making out (or make out)?  I'm not telling!  :-P
<review# 2412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2007,12/4/2007,11,111,1,12,4>Bosnian Restaurant.The food was fresh and homemade tasting. In a word, totally honest. Additionally, the prices are low (less than $20). Grilled sardines: AMAZING. butterflied sardines marinated for 24 hours in olive oil, and "secret" spices. Some of the best sardines I have eaten. Plentiful serving as an entree accompanied with basmati rice (good quality), and roasted vegetables.Stuffed cabbage: cabbage pickled for 48 hours and then stuffed with ground beef and rice. Pickled taste reminiscent of kimchi, very filling. Cabbage wrapping was great.Fried anchovies: whole small anchovies bought that morning, fried with a light batter. Slightly bitter tasting (probably the fish, not sure) but served with plenty of fresh lemon.Eggplant dip: roasted eggplant - tasted like grilled eggplant but not a super grilled taste I've had in middle eastern places. fresh, with lots of lemon.The baklava is Bosnian style. Pastry (and filling) are made in-house. The walnut/honey stuffing is very wet compared to middle eastern baklava but much less sweet which made it a great dessert (for me). They also have a version with rose water, more akin to middle eastern baklava.Turkish coffee - served in a quaint copper coffee pot, and little copper and porcelain coffee cups. It is excellent (for Turkish coffee). As a tip - pour a little cold water into your cup, and the floating grounds will fall to the bottom of the cup.The bread is pita style on steroids (i.e., fluffy) , made every day, sometimes risen 4 times depending on the day's humidity. As one of the staff said, making the bread is like handling a woman, you never know what her mood will be that day (sexist comment, but perhaps a propos with regards to bread making).Although it is 17 miles from me, this is the neighborhood bistro I would like to be able to walk to any night of the week. It is located in a strip mall, off of Beltway 8, next to a liquor store which helps with the BYO status. it is small with 15 tables or less. Omer the owner/chef (I presume) is unassuming and extremely friendly, which made the experience even better!*next week they are opening a Bosnian food store nearby. EVOO from Montenegro (same stuff they use in the resto) will be available for sale.
<review# 2413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2007,12/2/2007,839,439,2,13,2>I'm pale. White. I mean 10 minutes in the sun turns me pink, then red, not tan. At all. So little red veins show up on my nose after a summer at the pool. And a scar on my leg gets discolored. Gawd, I sound old!So when a friend recommended this medispa center very close to me, I made an appointment ASAP. The receptionist was very nice, explained what procedures they provide, and the approximate costs, and even answered my questions and the medical licensing and such. Yes, it's done by an actual doctor and RN, not just somebody with a laser.They were running 20 mins behind when I showed up for my appt but once I got in, they were attentive, patient and helpful.  She performed a body check (since I have family history of melanoma) and performed the laser services, while telling me what would hurt/how much/ to let her know when it was too much. They also provide: laser hair reduction, age spots/vein therapy, microdermabrasion, botox (yikes!), fillers/peels, permanent make-up, lipodissolve, laser genesis and weight loss assistance.
<review# 2414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2007,12/1/2007,123,317,7,9,5>The only problem that I have with this place is that I am going to spend entirely too much of my money there trying to research (read: drink) all of the different beers they have to offer.The selection is incredible, and from my experience it is only bested by Brickskeller in Washington DC.Our waitress was pretty spectacular.  She had a vast knowledge of the different beers, and even introduced me to a phrase "creepy in your mouth" to describe a fruity beer she didn't like.  Now Cory O. said the waitress was flirting with me... I just think she was being friendly.  When I ordered a beer that she hadn't tried yet she did ask if she could share some.  I, of course, obliged... but you know, I was just being friendly too.
<review# 2415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2007,11/30/2007,26,32,3,7,3>One star for Democracy Now and important news and stories that you won't hear anywhere else (even on NPR).One star for the computer geek show on Wednesday nights.One star for new agey, vegetarian, and global voices.One star for bluegrass, blues and music you ain't gonna hear anywhere else on the dial.I can't give the last star because of the liberal fundamentalists (I can't stand fundamentalists even when I agree with them) and the three week pledge drive.
<review# 2416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2007,11/29/2007,283,153,2,2,4>Oh, I am so torn about rating this place!  On the one hand, I absolutely love everything they have to offer.  On the other hand, I can never, ever shop there if I have less than two hours to spend getting through and around everything.  I hate how narrow the aisles are because middle-aged friends always run into each other while shopping and feel the need to catch up on their husbands, children, church, and whatever else they can think of without bothering to notice that they've backed up their fellow shoppers for miles in either direction.  Frustrating!That said, I love the recipe cards they put out, the variety in selection, and their attention to promoting eco-friendly, animal-friendly and fair trade products.  As long as I never have to get anything on a weekend, I am happy to come here.
<review# 2417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2007,11/28/2007,69,102,,7,2>Originally I thought that the location of this hotel was odd but I can see how it's convenient to get to downtown, Museum district, medical center, and Rice village.  This hotel is extravagant and lovely. Any event held here is sure to be nicely done and go off as a hit.  The rooms are sleek, modern and comfortable. The Monarch lounge is  the new IT bar for night life, it's got a beautiful crowd and the interior to match.  I want to try the Za Spa next.
<review# 2418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2007,11/27/2007,17,10,,5,3>For those of you who have never met Rob Arcos, you should. Rob is Houston's greatest movie resource. And please, don't imagine a Simpson's Comic Book Guy type movie fan; Rob is a Hero, working tirelessly to bring great movies to the city of Houston. He has been manager of the Angelika, and the River Oaks Cinema, but now he has found his true calling, his Kingdom. It is called... Movies the Store.Unlike any other movie rental place I've ever been, Rob hand picks every movie on the shelves, and they're all there for a reason. At Blockbuster, it's hard to find any real gems because they're drowned out by all the noise. (One copy of Little Miss Sunshine, but they've got a whole shelf of Anaconda vs. Python, direct to video!) At Movies the Store, the selection is based on quality, not quantity.  The quantity isn't bad either, and it's always growing.  Rob is nearly always there, ready with a friendly and intelligent recommendation, and always happy to chat about movies. Going to Movies doesn't feel like renting from Blockbuster, it feels like borrowing a great flick from a friend. A friend who happens to be the city's greatest movie buff.Prices are reasonable ($3.25 for catalog, a dollar more for new releases, with weekly specials that really make you want to stop in on a Wednesday!)  The late fee policy is simple and fair.If you decide to become a member, make sure you get on the weekly email newsletter. I've never gotten more useful spam :-)   Rob does a great job of letting us know what's new at the store, and even keeps us abreast of what's notable in theaters around town.
<review# 2419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2007,11/26/2007,36,41,2,6,2>Eat your heart out Gwen Stefani. After finding a Harajuku store in San Francisco's Chinatown (where I bought my favorite trench coat for $40!!!), I decided to look for a similar store in Houston and found it. This place has clothes you'll never find anywhere else. They get new shipments every week so you won't get bored. And, they sell shoes, costume jewelry, bags and even dog clothes. Yes, I'm one of those people that dresses up their dogs.The selection is small, but unique, and they only carry a couple sizes of each, so if you find something you like, you better grab it right there and then. There are also a couple dressing rooms in the back to try on some of their stranger-looking items. I mean, I've had a couple of items from here I've adored, but sometimes I've looked at something and just stared and wondered how it was all going to work. The prices here are very reasonable for a boutique. I usually stop by here every once in awhile to see what they have, and I'd recommend it to anyone if they're in the area.
<review# 2420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2007,11/25/2007,393,766,1,8,5>So I have this friend who is incredibly indecisive--especially when it comes to picking a restaurant, so I usually end up suggesting places even though she's from Houston and I'm not.  Imagine my surprise and she actually had a restaurant in mind for our recent get together!  She suggested Cafe Malay (she's Malaysian) since I'd been wanting to try it after watching Anthony Bordain's "No Reservations" on the country's cuisine.Me, being the nerd that I am, immediately hopped onto the Houston Press to do some research--they were named Best Malaysian Restaurant of 2006.  (When I got there, I also saw an award for Best Roti Canai in Houston, but I can't remember who gave them that award.)  I was excited.It was little hard to find since it is really far out of town and in the middle of a strip mall, but there was plenty of parking and lots of empty seats when we got in there.  Of course, she knew everyone in there and broke out into Malay and Cantonese all throughout the meal.I basically had her order for me.  I ended up trying the tamarind squid and it was delicious.  Squid, if not cooked properly, can have a really chewy texture and people hate, but this was great.  The rice and all the appetizers were fantastic.  There was plenty to take home.The prices a pretty decent and the service was okay.  It is definitely a mom and pop shop and mostly full of Malaysians, so be prepared to stand out of the crowd if you're not from there.  It is definitely worth checking out if you're on that side of town.
<review# 2421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2007,11/24/2007,77,240,5,7,5>This place is a real find. High quality food with moderate prices. The taste is very good and the attention paid to the presentation is much better than most Indian restaurants. There are two bars and a club attached to the restaurant, check it out it is really cool. I am not sure why Yelp lists Indian and Pakistani food together, as one is Muslim and one mainly Hindu it is a bit like listing Israel and Saudi together as they are both in the Middle East.
<review# 2422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2007,11/23/2007,50,23,6,12,14>Flash back to summer 1979. Jimmy Carter is president, John Lennon is still alive, and I'm a kid having an awesome experience watching a Beatles double feature at the River Oaks Theater: "Yellow Submarine" and "Let It Be." Having been born the year the Beatles recorded their last album, I'm too young to remember what it was like when they were still together. The crowd is made up mostly of high school and college-age kids who grew up with the Beatles, and they're all singing the songs, laughing at all the dumb jokes ("I've got a hole in me pocket") and having a great time. I feel privileged to be there among them. Summer 1985. Julian Lennon is all over MTV. I'm at the RO Theater again, a 16-year old watching the Jonathan Demme-directed Talking Heads concert film "Stop Making Sense" for the first time, and it's changing my life. This film is a national phenomenon that has people actually dancing in the theaters. Flash-forward to December of this same year, and the RO has started showing "Stop Making Sense" every Friday and Saturday at midnight. On opening night I'm there, dancing in public for the first time. The balcony is still intact, although we all know we're about to lose it. The whole theater throbs with dancing people, balcony included. Summer 1987. U2's "The Joshua Tree" is playing everywhere. I'm graduated from high school, fixing to leave home for college and going through a difficult phase. The RO Theater is, too. Struggling to survive in the emerging multiplex market, it has broken character and started showing mainstream features. A friend of mine and I are working a crap telemarketer job that we can't stand. One day we both spontaneously decide to quit and drive straight to the RO Theater and watch "Robocop" instead. Inexplicably, things start to make sense, if only just a little.Summer 1990. George H. W. Bush is president. I'm struggling to put a new band together while attending University of Houston. The River Oaks Theater is now competing directly with the new River Oaks Plaza Cinema down the road, otherwise known as the "Evil River Oaks." As a result, the RO has started to remember who it is, leaning again towards quirkier, artier features. Many of the people working at the RO are friends of mine, and tonight I'm invited to a private after-hours screening of David Lynch's "Wild at Heart." The crowd is made up almost entirely of people I know, friends and acquaintances from high school, college, and the local music scene. The film leaves me in a philosophical mood. This is one of the last times we'll ever all be in the same room together. The nineties are poised to rip us all apart.Summer 2007. The John Lennon catalog is released on iTunes. The "Evil River Oaks" has been gone for years, long since replaced by a Marshall's and a fitness club. I go to see "La Vie En Rose" and "Once" at the RO within a couple days of each other with an old friend of mine who's visiting for the weekend, the same friend I saw "Robocop" with 20 years before. I'm stirred and inspired by both films, and reminded again how much I love music, how much I love this theater, what a valuable, wonderful place it is, how many times I've found and lost myself here. Even if the popcorn is sometimes kinda stale...
<review# 2423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2007,11/22/2007,19,42,1,7,4>Here's the deal, kid: I've eaten at this place about 50 times and they have a great happy hour featuring $1-$1.50 draft beer (frozen mug) and frozen margarita's.  Try the fajitas, tacos al carbon, or beef enchiladas: all are delicious, and will satisfy whatever craving for tex mex you may have.This place is an institution in the Pasadena/Southeast part of town.  Be prepared though, this place is a hole in the wall.  If you're not ready for the appearance inside, it will surprise.  My only recommendation is that  they clean up the inside and the bathrooms(they have been redone, so they're not too bad anymore).  Truly, go to eat, the food is great.  The drinks are awesome, especially on those hot summer Pasa-get-down-Dena days!
<review# 2424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2007,11/21/2007,40,363,11,5,8>As a parent, there are many things in Houston which can serve as an example of life lessons which can be passed on to children.The Astros are the embodiment of consistency. As soon as a winning streak starts to appear, they choke in some new and magnificent way.It is this proven pattern of behavior which serves to enlighten the little ones. First, be predictable. Surprises make people uncomfortable.Second, a "Standard of Excellence" can have many varied levels -- As long as it remains a "Standard".The important things to remember about the Astros are:1. Houston has a professional baseball team, with statistics and everything.2. Beer at a game costs like a jillion dollars, but I think financing is available.Hey. The giant screen at the stadium sometimes distracts the crowd with amusing animated featurettes. Let's not forget that, either.
<review# 2425,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/29/2007,11/20/2007,0,0,3,5,4>It does what it's supposed to do. Gets you down Main Street from UH to Reliant Center. There are a few things about Metro Rail that I am confused about and not happy with. 1. Stopping at all stop lights. 2. Who thought cloth seats on public transportation was a good idea.What's the use of a train if it's going to stop at every stop light? They could've just put an express bus lane in and been done with it. The city and Metro really need to get together to figure out this light situation. The lights should turn red as the train approaches and green as it passes. I don' t know the logistics of making this happen, but if all it does is make the lights out of sync, big whoop. Make it happen, if anything just for the conveneince factor for riders. I feel like I'm on a bus when I ride the rail having to stop at stop lights. Cloth seats. It's just not a good idea when thousands of people ride the rail every day and lots ignore the no eating and drinking rules. Cloth soaks up more than liquid, it also soaks up funky smells. I'm pretty happy with Metro Rail. I just wish it went in more directions and the seats were not cloth. Otherwise, $2 for a 24 hour pass is righteous.
<review# 2426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2007,11/18/2007,45,20,3,3,5>Resigned to the fact that I'd be looking like Jean-Luc Picard sooner rather than later, I decided long ago to stop caring about style and concentrate more on utilitarianism with regards to 'do-related matters.  Seven years later (minus the two wilderness years in Asia) and I'm still here, getting $5 haircuts from my man, Tom, who always has some goofy story to tell and/or innuendo to spread.  And I leave feeling like a big shot because I tipped 40%.When Tom's AWOL - which is seemingly quite often despite his insistence that his off-days have always remained the same - I do fine with one of the other stylists.  But it's not like you can really mess up my hair... I'll just go shorter.  He's hardly there nowadays, but beware of the old fella in the back: you'll be needing another cut by the time he's done.I do sorely miss the de rigueur pre-haircut shoulder massage they give you in Taipei though...
<review# 2427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2007,11/17/2007,89,231,9,11,9>I first encountered the term "over-Yelped" when reading Martin W's ( yelp.com/user_details?us ) review of Zuni Cafe in SF. The description fit Zuni perfectly because it had been bombarded by 381 reviews at the time of this writing. In the less mature Yelp community of Houston, no establishment can claim anything close to this, but in Houston terms, Star Pizza is one of the most over-Yelped businesses. Because of this, restating what has been written numerous times before would just  be an exercise in platitude deployment. I'll try to avoid this as best as I can by presenting a reasonably fresh and crisp perspective.In a nutshell:(1) Every word of praise written by previous reviewers about Joe's spinach and garlic pizza is 100% spot on. This is a truly unique signature dish that deserves its own separate 5-star review in Yelp.(2) Star also has a unique environment best described as perky and quirky. This is a reflection of both the clientele and the wait staff. If you like to eat your pizza in a diverse setting, find a table at Star.(3) You will have to wait a while to get your pizza. This ain't fast food. This represents a great opportunity for consenting adults to dive into several pitchers of beer.(4) Because of (2) and (3) above, this is a lousy place to take kids. They'll be going ballistic with impatience at about the time the pizza finally arrives and, since their little palates have been conditioned with Cici's cheese pizzas, they'll more than likely diss the Star masterpiece they've been served. This would be a pointless waste.I am a huge fan of their Chicken Alfredo pizza.A decade ago, I used to come here without fail in December to try my best to up the quirkiness factor at Star. Back then I was a member of the bass section in the Houston Symphony Chorus. Every year the chorus participates in a "Messiah Marathon" where four performances are jammed into the space of three days: three at Jones Hall and an encore performance Sunday night at First Methodist Church. After the Sunday afternoon concert, I'd drag a large contingent with me down to Star. We'd invade the place in our tuxes and concert dresses and be the focus of many a quizzical stare from the other patrons. After downing dozens of pitchers and Joe's pizzas, we'd move on to First Methodist to sing a spinach, garlic and brew-enhanced rendition of Handel's masterpiece (pity the choristers directly in front of us). The diminished accuracy was definitely offset by our rousing enthusiasm and verve.Hallelujah! And Star shall reign for ever and ever...
<review# 2428,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/9/2007,11/16/2007,20,333,10,12,6>You will find this Diedrich location in one of three states:1. Full of busy St. Thomas and HSPVA students and their accouterments2. Full of miscellaneous area people reading, working on their laptops, or discussing their tattoos3. Empty, which probably means they're about to close and you shouldn't bother the baristas.The coffee at Diedrich (yes, we have all noticed that its name reads "died rich") really varies from day to day, and the espresso drinks do likewise with each new barista.  I've gotten a few undrinkable creations, but infrequently enough that I still go here.  Their seasonal drinks are pretty sweet (as in sugary).  There are a few board games here, as well as one of the most used neighborhood bulletin boards/piles of flyers in Houston.  Promoters (or those with free kittens), take note.  There aren't any comfy couches like there were at the former Westheimer location.Karmic caution: in my single days, I took three first dates here inbetween a gallery visit and dinner.  All three turned out to be quite creepy, but in the kind of way you don't notice until you're already two months into a relationship.
