<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,11/28/2013,41,50,,1,1>In a nice little house on Virginia Street, this little homey eatery serves up simple wholesome food to the Midtown Reno Crowd. The kitchen is small but runs like a Swiss clock. You order, you pay, you get a number on a stick and then you wait. You don't wait long and they deliver a very nice super affordable meal. The hummus plate was fantastic, the soup, or sup is brilliant and the veggie sandwiches are the real deal. Go there, eat the food.Boom.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,11/27/2013,300,454,,5,1>September 7, 2013 Saturday - dinner 6:00 PM2 adults Atmosphere - 4 starFood - 4 starsService - 4 starsBackground - The wife did not know what she wanted for dinner, and she loves Chinese food.  I wanted to try some where new.  Atmosphere - A dive, they can work on hiding the bus boys stations and the drink stations.  But love the open kitchen, the cook in woks and interesting to watch him use it and toss the food like it was no big deal.Food  Drinks - Hot tea, you can see that they brew it like coffee here.  They serve the tea in coffee mugs too, no tiny cups for you.  Appetizer - Add a medley of appetizers as we went with Meal Plan B.  They use Asian Five Spice and for me the cinnamon really popped with the hint of ginger on the egg roll  My Main Course - I had a scramble for breakfast, and I commented to my wife that the fried rice was like a scramble as it had so much egg and veggies in it.  We had the Mongolian beef which again had the Asian five spice, it did not work for me but the wife loved it, one of the spices came through too strong for me.  I love the sweet and sour chicken.  It crunchy and the sauce was really good.  Dessert - I do not remember even seeing on the menu, but I was stuffed.Service - It was good until the end when it took a while to get the to go containers and the bill.Future - Sure.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,11/26/2013,572,138,3,7,3>Frankly, I've been holding off on writing a review of Thai Lotus because it's pretty small. If they get TOO popular, I'll never get a table again!  :)There are several good spots for Thai cuisine in Reno these days, but Thai Lotus is now the only place my wife and I visit with any frequency. It's not the "perfect" Thai experience; there are a few traditional items actually not on the menu. But what they do serve is OUTSTANDING, and the service is among the best of any restaurant in any category.My wife is completely addicted to the pumpkin curry, whereas I'm a combo pad thai kinda guy. But if you want a really amazing experience, try one of the lunch specials! For an unbelievably reasonable price you get jasmine rice (unless you specify otherwise), salad with peanut sauce, soup (great flavor), and an entree of your choice. It's really one of the best lunch deals available anywhere in town.If there's anything bad that can be said about Thai Lotus, it's that the lunch specials aren't available on Saturday, and they're closed on Sundays. Other than that, this is one of the best restaurants in town, hands down.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,11/25/2013,130,231,4,5,4>Sterling's in the Silver Legacy has one of the best Sunday Brunch buffets in Reno. It is also very expensive ($30 per person). I feel is is definitely worth the price. The setting is formal but the atmosphere is friendly and welcoming. They will ply you with champagne and or mix you a mimosa and will continually top it off during your stay. The food is excellent and elegantly presented. There is just about anything that would typically be at a brunch buffet. My favorites are the shrimp, veggies, fresh fruit (they had luscious strawberries today) made to order omelets,  and of course an overwhelming selection of breads and desserts. My husband had roast beef and ham from the carving station and he said both were good. The coffee! I would be remiss if I forgot to mention the coffee. It is a special roast produced locally and exclusively for Sterling's. It is strong with good body and a hint of cinnamon. Not in the least bitter. Our waiter, Scott, was attentive and personable. Our used dishes were whisked away as we finished and our coffee and mimosas were kept fresh. The only thing preventing us from making this a regular Sunday outing is the potential damage to my waistline.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,11/24/2013,44,19,,1,2>I love this place.  The enchiladas are my favorite.  I tend to order ala carte here as I don't need a large portion meal.  I tend to order the chicken enchiladas but have loved the cheese in the past.  I notice that a lot of people order super nachos here but I haven't tried them (trying to watch my waist line).  I love the homemade salsa that they offer with each entree.  Yum!
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,11/23/2013,99,68,,2,1>Finally found a Mediterranean restaurant in Reno and it was worth the wait!  The owner/chef seated us and was so friendly, he took the time to tell us about his restaurant and about the specialties. We ordered the sampler for an appetizer and everything was fresh, flavorful, and gone in minutes! We both had the steak kabab and rice and it was cooked to perfection. Our server was very friendly and made sure to make recommendations and when we told him we were in a time crunch he made sure our meals were delivered quickly.  Located across the street from the Peppermill, there  is plenty of parking in their private lot.  We are so excited to have found our favorite food in Reno and will be frequent customers! What a jewel don't miss it!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,11/22/2013,105,130,2,3,4>This happens to be our favorite sushi restaurant for good reason. I am observant about restaurants from everything from their service to the food and food-handling practice, and this one impresses me.The fish tastes fresh and the rolls are delicious. The Banzai roll is my favorite. Putting aside some other reviewer's snobby and seemingly invalid "complaints", this place is better than most places in Reno for sushi, and we have tried a lot in the area. Honestly, I'm not sure how anyone could be less than satisfied dining here. To each their own I suppose. I can honestly say that this is one of the best in town.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,11/21/2013,133,146,1,19,6>1864 Tavern is a classy bar with old west flair. You don't need to step off of California Ave. to be transported back in time where the drinks are strong and the hallway to the bathroom is built like a mine shaft.I was here for the grand opening last week, and had a blast at this unique, new, cocktail bar. There was a very diverse crowd, and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. The decor is very Virginia City, which is great for those who don't want to take the long drive out there. I ordered the VC Mule, which was their take on the Moscow Mule. No copper cup, but there was definitely some kick in it. All of their drinks are made with quality ingredients, and definitely worth the above-average Reno cocktail prices.I was impressed by the skills of their mixologists, and the fact that they had mostly independent beers on their menu. It will be interesting to see the type of crowd that eventually calls this place their home bar. Next time I'm dying to grab the Abraham Lincoln booth.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,11/20/2013,126,122,6,7,3>"It's perfect."And while you might think that your painting resembles more of what a third grader with a serious case of ADD on a grape soda sugar-high might paint, the instructor TRULY believes that what you've created is perfect. And it is. They all are. Because, at the heart of it, that is the point of Picasso and Wine. You're not there to become the next great artist (although you'll likely tap into some latent creativity). You're not there to get frustrated with your less-than-graceful paintbrush handling. You're not there to impress your friends or compete with the amateur painter next to you. You're there to have fun. You're there to play with paint like you did when you were in kindergarten and a piece of white paper was nothing but an invitation to capture a moment of your imagination. You're there to laugh, to joke, to get to know the people around you...people who all have the same desire to create.So check your ego at the door, as well as any inhibitions or preconceptions. You'll get a glass or two of wine (which will help with all of the above) and a canvas. Step by step instructions from an encouraging and supportive instructor will set you at ease. And after a while you'll realize that yes, this IS perfect, because the last two hours absolutely flew by in a daze of color and creativity, wine, laughter, music and fantastic company. Tips:1. Take a class from Michelle.2. Men: don't dare think that this is a women-only activity. Step out of your comfort zone and take a chance. Plus, you might just meet a nice girl. :)3. Excellent couples-date venue4. Tip. Tip the artist and the bartenders. This is the kind of business you're going to want to support. Happy painting!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,11/19/2013,279,192,,5,3>Cafe DeLuxe is a great addition to the Wells Avenue neighborhood.   Located in a former industrial laundry, the restaurant's interior space is open and inviting.  One can sit at the bar, at a table, or in a booth.  Vegetarians, vegans, meat-eaters, and folks who like raw food can all find something on the menu, which is reasonably priced.  One can get breakfast foods like frittata, tacos, burritos, and scrambles, as well as lunch foods like sandwiches, soup, and salads.  I had the apple cheddar melt ($4.50) and the side salad ($3), and both were delicious and made with ingredients that were locally sourced.  The folks associated with this place are friendly, competent, and super hip.  I have to detract one star from their rating for their lack of a place to wait while waiting for a table during the lunch rush.  When I arrived, there were two other two-person parties waiting for tables.  It only took ten minutes for a table to open up for my two-person party, but the gaggle of us were clearly in the way of the staff as they went from the kitchen to the dining area.  I have no beef with waiting for tables at super cool places like this: ya just gotta figure out where to put us while we wait!  Cafe DeLuxe has outdoor seating, but it is too damn hot in the middle of the day to eat outside or to wait outside in the sun for a table inside.  It's only their second week open, so perhaps they can fix this in the near future.  Oh!  And they also sell beer, in bottles and on tap ($3 PBR and $4.50 Sierra Nevada), and have a smoothie menu.  I hear that they also have a dessert menu, which I did not look at on my most recent visit.  So many reasons to return!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2014,8/29/2014,99,68,5,11,8>Great food and great company! Took the family to this restaurant today and met some fellow yelpers...what a great time.  We arrived at 11 (ish) so it seemed the perfect time to enjoy brunch.The vibe reminds me of an upscale pub that you makes you feel very welcomed as soon as you walk inside.  I love to visit places that do not feel like they have a cookie cutter design and the Brasserie has succeeded in providing a warm environment.I had the eggs benedict, which was served in a short amount of time with a beautiful presentation. (see pictures)  It was served with fresh fruit and seasoned potatoes with a cheese sauce.  While all of this sounds very heavy, the sauces were surprisingly light.  The eggs were cooked to perfection, although one of the English muffins were chewy (the other one was delicious).  I loved the seasoned potatoes and the fresh fruit gave the meal a very balanced feel.  I did have the bottomless mimosa's (who would not enjoy that?) where you get as many mimosa's as you want within an hour....brilliant!Hubby had the biscuits and gravy (hey we are from the south) served with poached eggs on top.  They were served with seasoned potatoes with an artisan cheese sauce that he stated  "were to die for" and fresh fruit.  As a southern man he has been pretty disappointed in the west's inability to capture southern cooking, but he said he very much enjoyed their version.  The gravy was lighter  with an herb sauce that was a new twist for him on an old classic.Loved the restaurant, the food, the vibe, and the company.  I can definitely see this being one of the family favorites.  When our 13 year old looked up from his phone (rarely) he seemed to enjoy it as well...so that seals the deal.  Make sure you check them out!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2014,8/28/2014,117,281,1,6,5>Reno does a few things really well, and pizza happens to be one of them. The nice thing about Eclipse is that not only do they do pizza well, they do salads well. And desserts. So while I enjoy going to places like JJ's for fried deliciousness, I enjoy going to places like Eclipse for the variety. If you're looking for delicious, fresh salads, look no further than the Apple Goat Cheese or the Greek salad. I've had them multiple times and I'm always impressed with how fresh the vegetables are and how tasty they make dressings. One of my favorite parts of their salads is that they include a small piece of cheesy-pesto bread along with them. This allows me to be healthy, but also to take the edge off my pizza addiction.Their pizza is also pretty delicious--I tend to get either the Downieville (sausage, pepperoncinis, jalapenos, artichoke hearts, and roma tomatoes) or the Combination (sausage, pepperoni, olives, mushrooms, and sundried tomatoes). Nice, crispy crust. Fresh toppings.Every time I've been there the staff has been really friendly and helpful, but beware that it's a bit of a small restaurant--beware of large groups.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,8/27/2014,38,16,2,7,5>So I have been searching for a salon that can do a great set of gel nails. I wouldn't say that I am picky but if you cant do what I want then tell me don't try and make my hands look horrible! Kathy at Glow is AMAZING! She did a perfect job on my nails! I have received more complements on my nails from her than any set I have ever had! (I have consistently had my nails done for 5+ years) I cant say anything about consistent yet as I have only been once, but for my nails I will only go to Glow!
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2014,8/26/2014,31,13,2,3,6>I've only eaten here a handful of times but every time i get the tacos -- they are fantastic! The shell is a soft shell but fried just enough to make them crunchy, both the beef and chicken is moist and flavorful, and you can get guac! The service was superb, our waiter checked in overly much to make sure we had everything we needed and out drinks were full. Can't wait to come back.. I'm craving those tacos!
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,8/25/2014,279,192,9,15,9>Sometimes I am a total cheapskate.  Sometimes I'm not.  When friends suggested a celebratory brunch, initially I thought $35 plus tip... ehh... it's near the end of the month, and I can convey my excitement for my friend at a different time and in a less expensive manner.  But Sterling's Sunday brunch has such a reputation for awesomeness that I committed to it.  It will be worth it, I told myself.  And, lo and behold, it was!Buffets: love the concept.  Buffets with fancy pants food: oh my Lord.  I love meat but don't often cook it at home, so I loaded gleefully my first three plates with all kinds of meat: bacon, lamp chops, filet mignon, shrimp, and oysters.  It was all delicious.  I skipped the other foods they had on offer--fruit and vegetables, grains and pastries, and traditional breakfast foods--and rounded out my meal with three dessert courses, including an ice cream sundae.  Many of the fruit-based desserts are made in small pastry cups and the cake slices are cut small, so it's easy to sample a number of desserts.  Oh, and then I had more bacon.  The bacon was so delicious.Unlimited mimosas and Bellini's: YES.  Our flutes were never ever less than three-fourths filled.  The coffee was also delicious.  The service was above and beyond excellent.  We started as a party of six, but told the host that we might have eight.  Our party of six was complete at 10:45 am and we did not have to wait to be seated at an appropriately large table.  But then three, not two, friends arrived at 11 am.  No problem!  Although the table was set for eight, the floor manager and our server quickly acquired an additional chair and table setting and made it work.  Checks can only be divided between seven people, but our server did his best to make everything work out with respect to splitting the bill.  The brunch ambiance is just right: fancy but not too fancy, serious but not too serious.  I can see how the roving flute/sax/clarinet player could come off as tacky, but our table LOVED his playing and he even played a request for us.  Would I come back here again?  Yes, if I were celebrating a special but lighthearted occasion with friends or family and if I were in the mood to pay $45 (buffet including tip) for the experience.  Sometimes special occasions are best celebrated when everyone is at the table for the entire meal and the meals are plated, so it'd have to be an occasion in which a buffet setting is appropriate.  Nevertheless if I'm going to do a buffet and do it right: Sterling's is it.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,8/24/2014,126,122,28,12,13>Growing up I was an extremely tall, skinny, super shy nerd with big teeth. And now I'm an extremely tall, athletic, super outgoing nerd with big teeth and no control over the volume of my laughter. Point is: I know awkward. And Heritage....is awkward. It's not that I mind having dinner in a gymnasium, it's just that in the past that experience has been more of a paper bag/juice box / fruit roll up sorta thing. And trying to savor my $25 scallops amidst the vapid musings of the Real Housewives of Reno understudy team who'd parked their botox-ed buns across the restaurant....is less than ideal. The decor is cool but it's all hard surfaces, and so sound competes and clashes and builds and assaults your eardrums with news of Patricia's latest mani pedi debacle!!!!!And what's more awkward than Fran from Oakland, boasting a neon fanny pack, a blood alcohol content of "fully saturated", and a hairdo that says "I haven't done shit to this mop since '87" wanders in off the street looking for an opening at her favorite Kitty Glitter slot? Meeee-yowza! And nothing says awkward like playing Sophie's Choice with your arse because the chair is so hard that one or both cheeks will most definitely be numb by the end of the night. "Do I save the left one? Or the right? Left? Right? Left, right...."My scallops, though barely discernible amidst the sound of a fully packed high school gymnasium at a homecoming rally, we're delicious. In fact, they're the best scallops I've had in Reno. Ever. Sautéed perfectly over bacon and green beans with a garnish of thinly sliced pickled red onions? I think? 'Twas divine. My boyfriend's steak though...was kinda sad. Flat and cooked medium/well instead of medium/rare, and a few sad potatoes as a garnish. No one likes sad potatoes. I'd mention the strangely painted wood paneling and the obscenely high bar that boasted rocks in chicken wire; a bar that had no extra bar seating but rather a, yes, awkward high-backed sitting area that looked more like a bus station than a place to sip a drink. But that'd be overkill. To be perfectly honest, I want this place to work. I love the idea, I love that the owners are giving a very sketchy side of Reno a chance. But I'm afraid this might be a bit too "going through an identity crisis, hipster/polished/quirky/refined, too-many-contradicting-genres" for this part of town. That being said, if anyone can figure out how to make this place work, it's these owners. I hope the best for them. And for no more sad potatoes.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2014,8/23/2014,381,562,9,14,10>I've lived here longer than this Festival has been around and have never been.  Not a huge fan of any of the B's listed in the name.  I do enjoy all of them but not a huge fan.  So why go?  Well, Yelp had teamed up with the Eldorado to do some sort of scavenger hunt and it sounded interesting, so that is why I changed the plans for this windy evening derailing time at the water park.First we headed to the Yelp booth to get going on the scavenger hunt. Then chatted up a few people we knew and headed out to start taking our photos.  Well, it ended almost before it started.  We did the first one, but then I decided to actually participate in the drinking and bought a wristband and got my mug.  At this time the "hunt" for photos ended and the hunt for good drinks started.I took my mug to numerous places and tried the available drink!  There were some good (beard beer) and some bad (2.9%?!?) but there was way more to sample than I could have drank.  Luckily, I told all but one vendor to pour small so I could make it much further in my sampling rounds.  The offerings I was able to sample were either unique and different or coming soon.  Leading me to believe that there are more than enough new and unique offerings to make it worth your while and money. This is another thing that had kept me away before.  Why go to a brew fest if there is only beers from the Eldorado?  I'm guessing I had been misinformed.A few pointers.1. The festival goes to 8.2. But they stop serving for wristbands at 7.3. So they stop selling the wristbands at 6.4. I've been told Saturdays are just crazy slammed.5. If you can drink two days in a row, there is a $10 savings if you buy a two day wristband.Not being a "B" lover when it comes to music, I didn't really pay much attention to the acts.  I do know the south stage was WAY too loud so trying to get drinks from vendors in that area was a bit more of a hassle."I'D LIKE THE HIBISCUS MIXED WITH THE LEMON!!""WHAT?""I'D LIKE THE HIBISCUS AND LEMON MIXED!!""I'M SORRY WE DON'T HAVE CHICKEN."But I did enjoy the bands on the north stage as I drifted past.  I'm not sure why they put the north stage where it is, but it just doesn't seem convenient.  Probably has to do with using the power from the building or something.We grabbed some handy grub of wieners and wings.  Luckily my wife got both kinds of wings and I liked the one she didn't like so much.  They were affordable at $10 for 12 wings I think.  My brat was good ($5), but what made it GREAT was the house made relish and pepper condiment!  If the Eldorado is reading this, bring that back next year for sure.  We didn't try any of the traditional BBQ because the line was so long....later we found out the line moved pretty quickly.  The prices for the BBQ were standard festival pricing.  But the portions seemed to be adequate and not skimpy like you sometimes get at these things.I will be back..not this year, but next year and with a better plan, maybe I will even take the afternoon off.  I missed the Brew Haha and I missed the Alumni Beer Fest..so at least I got one in this year.  Oh yeah and parking at Circus Circus was fine.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,8/22/2014,183,76,2,13,8>I walked carefully into the small shop, the floor creaking loudly but assuredly, as if to welcome me and alert the shop to my presence. Tranquil string music played lightly in the background--the air cool yet heavy with the aromas of essential oils. Sounds heavenly right? It is. I could have stayed all day just smelling the different products. The shop is well organized and has an inviting feel. The shelves are teeming with bottles of essential oils, oil blends and many other massage accoutrements. After a few minutes of poking around on my own, I heard a woman say hi from behind a curtain. The voice was very pleasant and eventually a very helpful and friendly woman appeared. She was very knowledgable and obviously knew what she was talking about.I purchased a few essential oils which were very affordable. I asked for some sandalwood which she pointed out and then educated me as to how its become endangered due to immature sandalwood harvesting (I might have screwed that up). I got the distinct feeling that she's passionate about these products, and that is why I adore my new mid-town find. I will definitely be coming back.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,8/21/2014,64,38,2,10,6>After hearing about this nice little place from a friend I decided to pop over and give it a try. Greeted with a smile and a hearty hello welcome. The staff was friendly enough that it made eating alone not so bad. After looking over the menu and deciding what to have it all sounded so good. I went with the Ortega Burger. When it came out it looked as good as it sounded on the menu. Lots of nicely melted cheese with a great bun and the bacon,well there was plenty of that. I ordered it medium rare and it was just that. After taking my first bite I knew this was gonna be a very pleasing lunch. Taking another bite it only got better. I then thought to myself what a great choice for lunch, thanks Dave Mencarelli. I would have been more than happy to give this GREAT "Little House on Center" all 5 stars but no one is perfect and thats what makes it nice is to come back over and over and watch them grow and get even better. Great Job Little House.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,8/20/2014,161,52,3,9,6>DID YOU KNOW....That the DMV now has this new system, that you can TEXT them to get seen?? You don't have to wait in line anymore (but you still can), and they text you back letting you know how long you have, so you know when to get there?? Baffled is what I am... and pleasantly surprised!! Granted, I didn't know that before I went today... NEXT time, I'm going to check this out! LOLThe people that I worked with there today were all very nice. I even got one of the supervisors to fill out an I-9 form for my upcoming employer (the closest office my employer could send me to is in Salt Lake City, UT), and I've been trying for 2 days to get someone to fill out this form for me. THANK YOU DMV!!! I was able to get all my car stuff done finally... and things are looking much-mo-brighta!!!   :-)
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2014,11/27/2014,39,101,3,8,6>My 100th review goes to this great little local  favorite. For 28 years they've been serving up home cooked, belly warming, good ol' fashioned fare. With service as sweet as pie, it's definitely worth checking out! I had the quiche, delicious! Generous portion, lots of bacon, ham, spinach. Rich in flavor, light in texture. An extra large mug of coffee seals the deal. Kid had the french toast, complete with blueberry eyes and a strawberry nose, he ate it up. A lovely little patio for outdoor dining, and a full bar inside, makes it a great casual dinner spot too. Support your local businesses, and give PJ's a try!!
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2014,11/26/2014,24,26,2,4,3>Real Deal Carpet Cleaning is the REAL DEAL!!!!!!I called yesterday in an emergency.  I needed our carpets cleaned including and most importantly, pet soiling repair.  A lovely lady named Pat answered the phone.  She gave me a good estimate, scheduled a carpet cleaner to come out same day, and she was an absolute pleasure to chat with.  She must be one heck of a lady to deal with a team of male carpet cleaners and also interact so well with her customers.Paul came out to clean our carpets.  Our pet soiled areas were much more affordable than I anticipated, especially after making the mistake of using Evergreen Cleaners the last time.  They only charged $25 each pet soiled area, keep in mind that the areas were relatively small.  When it came time to estimate the general cleaning, he gave me a good deal there as well.  Our couches in the living room and family room take up a great deal of space, there making the area Paul needed to clean smaller.  It was only $150 out the door.  Paul was in and out in about an hour and a half.  While chatting with Paul, I learned that he had 25+ years experience in the business.  This is not your average college kid doing your carpet cleaning; they have real experience.My husband and I can be picky customers but Real Deal exceeded all of our expectations, cleaning quality and customer service.  They are now our one and only go to carpet cleaning company.  I would highly recommend giving Pat a call.  She and the team will take great care of you and your home ;)
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,11/25/2014,7,22,2,3,3>I took my wife and kids here today (ages four and almost two) for some outdoor fun in the summer heat.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars is that there isn't one closer to my house (This one is in Stead).  It's like the one in Spanish Springs, only somehow better.  We came on a Sunday morning about a half hour after they opened, and I was pleased to see that the place wasn't insanely packed for a weekend.  Awesome water features!  Like a big, water-emanating playground.  Nice shaded picnic tables to stage your stuff at.  Clean restrooms.  I think they even had food somewhere to purchase.  Admission prices were more than reasonable at three dollars for each of us, and my daughter was free because she was under age two.  I believe that seniors are free as well, so bring the grandparents.  Great place for the kids to have fun and stay cool in the summer, as well as the adults to stay cool and get some sun.  Needless to say, bring your bathing suits and sunscreen.  It was a fun place, and we'll be back.  Great job Washoe County Parks!
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2014,11/24/2014,66,213,2,4,4>This is a old school mini golf place with a classic arcade to match.  There are newer shiny mini golf places, but this one has my heart.  I love the big cement sculptures that are incorporated into the course, a lot of fun for little ones to explore and gawk at.  The course is well maintained and clean.  The water features were drained when we went, but it was late fall.  $8 per person, and my little got to play for free with his own plastic putter.  At the end you drop off your ball into a slot machine to spin for a prize.  We got a free round for future play!
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2014,11/23/2014,71,22,1,3,4>Heating and Air Conditioning -- we all use it and maybe even take advantage of it. When something goes wrong, what are you to do?Call this guy! His name is Clinton and he is a bad-ass at what he does.Clinton is reliable and knowledgable. He has helped us multiple times but one incident that stood out the most is when the water heater at our new house stopped working. Given that the house was vacant for 4+ years prior to moving in, something was bound to go wrong. I was not ready to replace the water heater, so Clinton gave it another life. He didn't leave the house until the issue was fixed. We haven't had any other issues since. It's never fun when you are out of hot water, especially with the seasons changing -- who would want to take an ice bath in this weather?Clinton is prompt and friendly. He has answers to all your questions - true story. Proficient Heating & Air Conditioning is the perfect name for what Clinton offers. He will always get our business from here on out.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2014,11/22/2014,572,138,2,9,5>Sometimes the toughest act to follow is your own. How else to explain leaving behind an award-winning business in order to begin anew with 10 times the challenges? People of lesser ambition might be content to let the good times roll, but not Jessie Watnes and Haley Wood of the GourMelt food truck. Two of Reno's favorite road chefs have parked their wheels and opened Two Chicks, a brunch restaurant located in the heart of Midtown.The space is open and welcoming, with very hip, bright decor sporting a ketchup-and-mustard color scheme (including strawberry and lemon garnish on egg-shaped plates). Plentiful seating includes a mix of high tables with metal stools, booths, low tables and a handful of counter seats. On a slow morning, you can seat yourself--Early Bird specials are available 6-8 a.m. on weekdays--though business was anything but slow for my trio's Saturday morning visit. The hostess seated us at the first available table in less than 20 minutes, and our server was ready to take our beverage orders just moments later.The locally-roasted coffee, a special blend created just for this restaurant, was very smooth and low acid ($2.29, free refills). As a true "only in Reno" brunch joint with full bar, they offer draft beers from local breweries and a cocktail menu full of interesting selections. I opted for the Kimchee Bloody Mary ($6.75), a mix of vodka, house bloody Mary mix, Sriracha sauce, and kimchee (Korean-style fermented cabbage and vegetables). Delicious, not too spicy, and full of flavorful, chunky bits rounding out a great "hair of the dog" morning indulgence.My dining companions and I ordered a mix of breakfast and lunch dishes. The biscuits and gravy combo ($9.49) was served with locally sourced eggs and hardwood-smoked bacon, the latter being just a tad overcooked. I prefer bacon with a little chew, but it was fine if you like your bacon on the crispy side. The gravy was excellent, with tons of sausage and just enough seasoning. The "biscuits," though, were more cakey than flaky and appeared to be square-cut from a sheet pan. The dense-yet-light texture was reminiscent of angel food cake, which is something new to me for this dish. They weren't grandma's buttermilk biscuits, but they did a fine job serving up that tasty gravy.If you were a fan of GourMelt, you'll be happy to hear all your favorite cheesy sandwiches are included on the new menu, along with some new goodies. I ordered the Two Chicks Burger ($10.99) and was delighted with the dish. A fresh-ground beef patty was joined by melted cheddar cheese, avocado, grilled red onion and fried egg on toasted "Icky bread" from Great Basin Brewing. I ordered the meat medium rare and the egg over medium, adding plenty of gooey goodness to the flavor collective. The meat had just enough pink to be perfect, and although the bottom of the toast got a little soggy, it didn't last long enough for me to care. I chose their signature garlic-parmesan fries and basil aioli--a favorite from the old menu--and it was like greeting an old friend you haven't seen in a while. Brings a tear to my eye just thinking about it.Rounding out our meal was a well-executed plate of eggs Benedict ($10.49), including veggie fritters that resembled hash browns, yet crispier and with more flavor. The usual suspects were in the mix, including thick-cut ham on an English muffin topped with perfectly-poached eggs and a very light, creamy Hollandaise sauce. Classic and satisfying, yet I look forward to trying all the other variations the menu has to offer. In a town full of brunch options, these two chicks have just started their climb to the top of the pecking order.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2014,11/21/2014,28,73,1,8,7>OH YES! Finally, Great Full Gardens Express is at UNR! I have been waiting for several months for it to open and boy it did not let me down! My friend and I shared a turkey pesto sandwich with quinoa on the side. It was incredible. The pesto aioli was delicious. We added some guacamole that made it all come together in an explosion of taste! We ordered the multigrain bread which I have to say was the best decision. It was a-maz-ing! I love how they had sunflower seeds on the crust. It added just the right amount of crunch to my sandwich. We went early for a brunch and it seemed like a really good time to get there. I was pleasantly surprised there was such a large variety for an "express" location! They had their fabulous bowls, salads, sandwiches, etc. They even had baked goods. I appreciated they had some samples of the chai cookie, which was incredible by the way. Way to go! I know I will definitely be heading back!
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2014,11/20/2014,281,194,10,13,7>This joint is re-dang-diculous!!  My little and I like to have lunch here.  After trying several things, we have both settled on the carne asada tacos.  I get three and she gets two and together, it's less than seven bucks.  I mean...  c'mon man!!  Seven bucks?  For these little gems that I have fallen in love with and would eat 50 if I could?  It gets no better - anywhere.I don't wat to discourage you from other menu items.  I have had caviche, burritos, mole, and several other items.  All deserve 5 stars on their own.  The carne asada, on the other hand, deserves i medal or trophy or possibly a statue erected near town hall.So do yourself a favor - go to Tacos el Rey and order anything.  Enjoy it immensely and then invite me the next time you go.  See you there!
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2014,11/19/2014,9,7,2,4,4>Really good real Mexican food! I have eaten here several times and it has been very consistent.  Free chips and salsa brought to your table! We brought my big family here and the service was fast, friendly, and delicious. Kid friendly! Drink was always full even when they were busy. In a strip mall so it might be easy to overlook but don't miss this one!
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2014,11/18/2014,4,16,2,5,6>Wow!! That is how I feel about this amazing fitness studio! They have some top of the line instructors that like to ensure your safety and what your body is capable of! some of my personal favorite classes are Gentle yoga to restore your body after some challenging Pilates reformer classes! Give this great place a try and you won't regret it! I have arthritis and there classes have been improving my joint/muscle health and I have been losing some pounds which is an extra plus to feeling lean & healthy which is more important of course! :)
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,3/4/2014,25,16,5,6,4>Great selection of beers!! Scrimshaw, Stakeout Coffee Porter, Racer 5 IPA, Red Rocket, Tangerine Wheat, Black Butte...among a large bottle selection as well.  Full bar!! Location is awesome...gives that local feel to it.  Patio is beautiful!Pizza is really good, lots of choices! Try the Super Slice. Its 1/4 of a large pizza with a soda, one topping is $6!! charge for additional toppings as expected. Plus, they make it to order so you can choose any toppings/sauce that your little heart desires...Staff is pretty awesome as well.  Helpful, attentive, great personalities and good conversation. I highly recommend this place!GG
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,3/3/2014,4,19,1,4,4>We live less than 2 minutes away and for 2 years never knew this place was here since it's hidden behind the old Terribles gas station. They had a sign waiver out the other day that got my attention by STAYING STILL so I could read the sign that alerted me about them. Food was very good and presented well, Salsa was thick, flavorful about the best I've had. The service was nothing but cheerful, personable, attentive but not pushy and accurate. Great with refills too. I was only slight irked because it was a bit chilly for me so I had to keep my coat on and I'm a sucker for chili pepper lights that they forgot to turn them on outside. I'll for sure return.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,3/2/2014,0,5,1,6,6>Hands down, I think this is the best Thai food in all of Reno. I have never been there and found the place full which surprises me. Maybe the location? Spring rolls with chili sauce is light and each bite is delicious. Rad nar noodles with beef is my all time favorite but tonight I branched out and tried the duck curry - made light on the spicy per request - and it was amazing. Coconut cake for dessert was a generous portion and so delightful that I ordered one to go. So much for my New Years resolutions!  If you have not been here yet - you must go. Reasonable prices. Modern, clean simplistic decor. Friendly staff. Fantastic food.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,3/1/2014,166,134,1,13,7>Why go into an employee cafeteria, especially if you don't work there? Because I'm always up for an adventure, the reviews piqued my curiosity, and it's open to the public.  Hubby and I ventured here for breakfast, and we entered an open rectangular space that invites one to partake of choices of infused water, made to order omelets, hand made sandwiches, wood oven pizzas, salad bar, make your own smoothie bar, and specialty coffees made from Starbucks coffees. The prices are amazing, and the customer service is friendly.  It's clean and modern, with plenty of seating.  The food choices are healthy and sustainable, made fresh daily, and served in recyclable (and probably compost-able) packaging.  The hubby got an omelet, I had the 'special' breakfast chimichanga, and we shared some French toast.  My chimichanga had egg, potatoes, and bacon, wrapped in a flour tortilla, topped with a hot salsa verde (which added a nice kick), and was accompanied by avocado slices.  It was very tasty, and had a nice crunch.  The French toast was also delicious, though I could have gone for some orange zest, for an added touch.  We tried it with their Walden Farm syrup, a zero calorie alternative that seemed to taste no differently from your typical table syrup that might have high fructose corn syrup (no thank-you).  For my drink, I got the 'seasonal' sugar-free brown sugar latte with soy milk.  The temp was perfect and the first couple of sips were super sweet, but the rest of the drink was to my liking.  There were a handful of televisions about the dining area, and we caught some of the previously recorded sessions of the winter Olympics while conversing our thoughts of our meal.  There's also a calendar at the entrance of the cafeteria, where one can see the special of the day.  After we finished, we cleared our table.  And then we hung out in the lounge, and hubby played the XBox One while I sat and skimmed over the daily paper.  It just might be a hidden gem, certainly worth the treasure hunt, and maybe more worthy kept a secret.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,2/28/2014,573,637,,140,2>After all these years and incarnations of business' that have occupied this building I have never been inside.I really like the look and feel of the interior, well exterior too. It reminds me of my childhood. We were seated right away and soon after asked what we might want to drink. I did order wine, something I very rarely do and it was good. A person I believe the bus person brought a very small white place with three very small lumps of bread. When he placed it on the table all three of us just broke out laughing. For heaven sake folks why bother? It had no real flavour and if anyone of us waned to use a bit of butter to get some flavour it would have been gone for the other two since that too was minuscule. We at that point were hoping this is not a sign of things to come.Gus ordered the lump crab for a starter, but they has just sold the last one so he opted for the Grilled Scallops and Calamari Steak. He said it was wonderful and was quite pleased. I had a Romaine "Wedge" Salad, I know boring but I did very much enjoy it as it was crisp and the blue cheese was fantastic. My sister has the Spinach salad and she too enjoyed. The one thing I did notice at all other tables getting salad they were offered ground pepper, we were not.For our mains Gus ordered the Rib Eye Steak medium, although it did come out a true medium rare it was very tender and tasty. The steak came with very white mashed potatoes with horse radish. If it had been for me I would have found it too strong in flavour, but Gus liked them and ate it all. My sister got lucky with one of the specials it being Short Ribs, something she really enjoys and did so here. Her potatoes too were of the horse radish flavoured and they were a bit much for her and did not eat most of them. I had the Fettuccini Pescatore which had scallops, shrimp and lobster in a parmesan cream sauce which turned out a bit more loose than I had expected but was very good none the less. So yes we all enjoyed our dinners and this is one of the few times in the last couple of years where we went for a birthday dinner and it actually turned out well, so Thanks.Oh and the service was very friendly if not a bit disjointed.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,2/26/2014,4,19,,7,5>My friends and I used this bus/van service on New Year's Eve for scheduled pick-ups and drop-offs so we could enjoy partying without having to drive or rely on the scarcity of cabs in South Lake. Steve, the owner, was the nicest guy to deal with and gave us fair pricing for that night, instead of ripping us off like a lot of cabs/transportation companies do just because it's NYE. The driver was very friendly and engaging and even helped make our short trips more fun, as well as being early for our pick up times. At the end of our night, while hundreds of drunk people were begging for rides and waiting in the freezing cold outside the casinos, we had a nice, warm van there to take us home! I highly recommend reserving a van or bus in advance like we did, especially on any big night.  Also, I can't help but note that some of the other negative reviewers sound awfully whiny and immature. My interactions with this company have all been very positive, and I've heard the same from several of my friends. We will definitely book them again!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,2/25/2014,24,43,,7,2>Fantastic!  Laurie was prompt, friendly, and very thorough. I took my 5-year old Prius in to get the "Complete Detail" just before selling it to my sister. The pricing was very reasonable, and at the end of the day, my sister and I were very happy!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,2/24/2014,1,39,1,5,3>This place gets five stars because I am never disappointed in the food here!  The diner itself is outdated, but I think that's what they are going for because their new restaurant in west Reno has the same decor.  Just a heads up...they are always BUSY so expect to wait.  The best time to go (or the slower times) is between 10-11AM, 90% of the time we are seated right away. My favorites:  Country fried steak & eggs and French toast with banana foster!Banana Foster on any of the off the griddle items (pancakes, waffle, etc..) is AMAZING!
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,2/23/2014,40,16,,6,4>These guys are awesome! Johnny's is a Reno Institution! I had my 20th Birthday party here with myself and my family members, and our server, Brent, was awesome, and was so polite and helpful with recommending items on the menu.The Petrale Sole is by far the best fish in Reno and is served perfectly cooked every time.So I just want to thank the great staff at Johnny's for making my Birthday even better!!! You'll be seeing us next year!
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,2/22/2014,128,23,,6,3>I can't speak highly enough of the Grill at Quail Corners. I have been there countless times for business and also for a couple date nights.The atmosphere of the grill is great. Very nice finishes and setup and a wonderful staff that has been very polite and friendly.The price at the grill is a little higher than other dinning options, but their food quality makes the extra price worth it. I have never had a bad meal! I recommend all of the salads and the pizza. You will not be disappointed!In addition, the owner and his family are great people and are very attentive. Highly recommend!
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,6/9/2014,0,34,12,6,4>This hike is a great example of why I prefer Reno to Las Vegas. You get all the benefits of living in America's last bastion of freedom (guns, gambling, hookers, etc) plus a world class outdoors experience just up the road. Leave your guns at home because they're forbidden here, but take a gamble on spending the day with your favorite hooker hiking MtRose. You won't regret it.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,6/8/2014,15,21,2,2,1>This bar has awesome cocktails, great bartenders, and a wonderful atmosphere.  I recommend it for a mellow night out.  The bartenders are always coming up with great beverages suited to my personal preferences, and they're always super nice.  If they're rude to you, you're probably a jerk or an idiot.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,6/7/2014,161,52,,7,4>Michael T. Recommended coming here for breakfast, and after reading all of the reviews I decided to check it out. Let me just say, the chicken fried steak was amazing, and their gravy... YUM!  Super friendly staff, she kept my coffee full and was at our table checking on us and clearing dishes at all the right times. The only thing I could even begin to have an issue with, is the seat in the booth wasn't too comfortable. If that's the worst thing I can say about this place, then I'll shut up and give it a 5* rating... because we WILL be going back!  :-)
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,6/6/2014,64,38,1,6,5>Heard about this place through the word of mouth. Let's start this by saying these wings are HUGH!!!! Not a bone in guy but I thought what the heck. Chipotle BBQ and Garlic Parmesan. And a ton of sides. Well priced and great flavor and great service. Wings are huge. The fries were very good. The drink was never empty and the staff was great. 3 TV's and a well stocked bar. A great menu with great choices. Bathrooms very clean and the whole place was very clean. I would say if your looking for great wings and a good time. Come see these guys.HEY FORGOT TO TELL YOU ALL!!!Monday and Tuesday all you can eat wings and side for 14.99.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,6/5/2014,20,78,,5,4>We tried this place over the weekend because I heard it is owned by the same outfit that runs the Twisted Fork, currently one of our favorite restaurants.  The first impression when you walk in is that it looks like your typical sports bar (i.e. Bully's).  But don't be fooled.  The food here is WAY better than Bully's .  There is just an edge to the menu that kicks it up a notch.  For instance, I have an Ahi Tuna sandwick on  grilled sourdough.  There was avacado and what looked to be jalapeno peppers in there also.  Yum.  The rest of the food on the table looked good as well.  Service was fine, but of course it was a slow Sunday afternoon so I cannot say how it would be on a busier day.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,6/3/2014,24,50,,4,4>I'm giving this a 5 star for the Korean food as this is the one out of two Korean restaurants in Reno/Sparks area.Dined in here for my boss's birthday and we had a bunch of special dishes and soup. The spicy broth was mixed with a bunch of my favorites, it had ramen, kimchi, tofu, veggies, some seafood, and traditional rice "cake". Service was pretty fast and checked up on us regularly. As for the sushi, there are plenty and definitely plenty of competitors but I have not yet gotten a chance to try it myself. I come here for the Korean food.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,6/2/2014,19,14,4,12,5>Robin and I hit the new location of Beaujolais last night. It was pretty damn amazing.We tend to like to sit at the bar whenever we can, especially on the first visit to a place to scope out the kitchen, the staff, and the vibe. We got immediate, friendly service and ordered some drinks. The bar staff was trained by Duncan at Chapel and it shows. The cocktails they were serving were uniformly excellent. We split the Chacuterie plate, a butter lettuce and crab salad, and the Steak Frites. The chacuterie was traditional but tasty and I'll be dreaming about the duck rillette for a long time.The butter lettuce salad was served with a heaping serving of delectable crab. Nothing awe inspiring but solid and oh-so tasty.The Steak Frites were clearly the star of the show. The steak had that lovely crusty sear on the outside, the fries were top notch, and the bernaise was a work of art. Top shelf, all the way.The new location is lovely inside. The staff is attentive, friendly, knowledgeable, and...oddly...seemed genuinely nice. Look, this isn't a cheap meal. It's just not. But it's worth every penny. Save up some dough and head on down to Beaujolais. You won't be sorry.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,5/31/2014,22,9,2,10,4>We kept driving by this place and never got around to trying it out until the other day. Boy, have we been missing out! It's what we've really missed while living in Reno. Fresh, flavorful food that just genuinely tastes like it is made of real food! Lots of options, even for vegan, gluten-free, etc and they try to get a lot of their supplies locally so it's good even for slow food peeps or localvores.Food took a while to arrive, which is good in my eyes, it means it is actually freshly prepared. The wait staff was great, and our waiter a sweetheart. There are lots of little considerate touches and the place is simple but relaxing.My boyfriend and I both loved the food. Even though he usually only eats the junkiest of foods and candy, the food was so good he even loved it even though it had vegetables. My salmon was perfection and had a wonderful white sauce. The roasted leek and potato soup was so good! The tomato soup was so thick it almost seemed like tomato sauce and it tasted like summer. The salad was good and fresh and not the pitiful iceberg you often find. It was all perfect and just the right amount. We had ordered an extra salad and soup, so we ended up with more food than we could eat, but it would have been just right otherwise.We will definitely be going back, though probably not often since it was a little out of our budget. Fresh food costs more, so their pricing isn't too much for what you're getting, but it's just over what we can normally afford. It is worth it.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,5/30/2014,8,57,2,8,5>Right down the street from our original "hidden gem" (Hometown Cafe) in Lemmon Valley, we thought we had found another. Little did we know at the time that this is Jaliscos 3rd location. No problem though, many things out in this area are still hidden gems to us.The location was actually one of our other favorite Mexican restaurants but, sadly, that one closed a few months back. Fortunately the wife saw that Jaliscos opened and we knew we had to try it.First things we noticed when we drove up; a nice sign, well lit location and THE PARKING LOT WAS PACKED. We saw that it was a restaurant and cantina so our initial concern (being a Friday night) was that it may just be a large bar crowd since the last owners had a large bar inside and limited seating. None the less, we were there, trudged through the rain and mud (couldn't get on the pavement because it was packed) and made our way in. What a GREAT surprise - well lit, active and the dining area had been greatly expanded and there was just a small bar now. It was a restaurant through and through. As for the dining experience itself:  the staff was AWESOME. It seems everyone was cross trained to a certain point (good thing on busy nights) and they were all very nice. The meal took a while to come out but, luckily, that is because everything was very fresh and worth waiting on. My wife had the chile relleno combo (one of our "test foods") and a quesadilla. Special note here; may sound odd but she always orders her combos without beans. Surprisingly, 9 times out of 10 she ends up with beans anyway. One wouldn't think it would be tough to write that down. But, her combo came as ordered here - big bonus points and the rellano was very nicely done. I had the house special with beef, chicken, shrimp and chorizo in a spicy red sauce (forgot the name). ABSOLUTELY AWESOME!!!!  For those spice lovers out there: YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS MEAL. It tasted of sweet habaneros along with the spicy chorizo and served with fresh tortillas. So, so good.Lastly, they have a full breakfast menu that looked as authentic as any I have seen so look forward to checking that out and we will definitely be back. Though many people don't drive up north for meals, this one is worth the trip.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2014,5/29/2014,113,346,4,7,5>My last visit to New York was ill timed as the Cronut was released shortly after I returned home. Sadly I dreaded the reality of my palette being forced to wait until my next NY visit for a taste of the hype. Until today.I had read Rounds update about having Cronuts. We decided to call and place a few on hold this morning and then run down and grab them. When we called they listed the flavors off and we picked Mexican Chocolate and S'mores. As someone who doesn't enjoy chocolate I was disappointed it was a cinnamon sugar or citrus glaze day. Oh well. I'll try S'mores for now and try again another time.Much to my surprise, when we arrived to pick them up they had a surprise Vanilla Chair Cronut hiding in the case. We added that to our order, grabbed a few bagel breakfast sandwiches and paid. Small concern when paying as I tried to use the Yelp discount for checking in (one free donut) and the cashier was unsure if it was still valid. Small conversation with the manager and she decided we were good to go! Added a regular donut to the mix (coupon only covered revalue and non speciality) and we were set. Then I took a bite of my Cronut (after stopping to snap a few pictures of course). Crunchy. Flaky. Sweet flavor but not too sweet or heavy. The Chai flavoring was extremely faint but the sweet sugary powdered sugar glaze made up for it. It was dense enough to know it was a donut but light enough to mimicking the crunch and flake of a croissant. I could only eat one so the S'more Cronuts remains safely in the kitchen waiting for me to rally. The wife enjoyed the Mexican Chocolate one. She said she'd chose a Cronut over a donut if Mexican Chocolate was an option.Though I cannot compare it to an 'original' Cronut, this is a delicious breakfast treat and I will be back again... And again.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,12/8/2013,0,10,,5,2>Absolutely my place of choice for manis, pedis and facials (things I've tried so far; so many more services to try!). Seriously the BEST facial I've EVER received... and I'm a "spa junkie", lol! The staff is the best, love the environment, especially the classical music overhead vs. the typical, standard "spa soundtrack" (that honestly I'm bored with at this point). Just another example of how Lime Spa is 100% class, 100% service, 100% quality. Midtown's best kept secret.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,12/7/2013,0,21,,3,1>We had the best party there. Had 50+ kids and parent too. Staff very helpful with set up. We had babies to 15 year olds. All ages had a great time. A great value too for such a big party. Will be back again soon. Looking forward to the cafe to open to hang out there while the kids play.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,12/6/2013,13,5,,2,1>I absolutely love the atmosphere in this shop. It's packed with awesome things but not over crowded. I stopped to look at the vintage cameras (of which I would love to take them ALL home) and the employee that assisted me answered all of my questions and was a pleasure to talk to. I love love LOVE coming here.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,12/5/2013,13,31,6,5,4>I didn't get along with the old Bibo on Mt Rose but this location has totally won me over. BFFs4lyf. It's right across the street from the Nevada Museum of Art, so on Sundays after my shift I'll pop over here for a bit.The guys behind the counter are really friendly and welcoming. A while ago I couldn't decide what tea I wanted and they took the time to get to know what I like before making a recommendation. That kind of patience makes a huge difference to me and I appreciated it.Their coffee and teas are delicious. Pastry selection is minimal and "meh". They should definitely add some more options.This location has very limited indoor seating. Not good for winter, but they have an outdoor patio so it'd be a nice place to chill during the summer!Not a lot of skinny hipster butts to stare at, but the patio outside is prime people-watching real estate so that makes up for it. I realize this sounds creepy and that is a-okay with me.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,12/4/2013,188,210,,3,3>Legends is the "Cheers" of Reno.  It's a little neighborhood bar, off the beaten path, friendly staff and boy do they do bar food right!  This is definitely the best spot for wings and burgers in Reno.  Seriously, the chef here takes pride in his food and his customers experience.  The BF and I come here often and will meet up with some other friends here to grab a quick dinner.  It's a really casual atmosphere with mostly regulars, but always very clean and welcoming.  We usually order wings because they are just so good, but occasionally we will do a burger and wings to split.  The chef takes such pride in his food that one time the server actually came out and said they chef felt like he overcooked our burger and wanted to fire a new one so it would be another few minutes.  That's quality service!  So many places we have been to overcook the burger (we like medium rare), serve it anyway, and then argue if we say anything about it.  This place knows how to do a serious burger and definitely does the best wings in town!
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,12/3/2013,120,179,1,4,3>LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Nadia! Every 3 months or so, I go to her to get a Brazilian Blowout. She makes my cave woman hair not only tame, but GORGEOUS! She works with me and my crazy schedule, and she is always fun and friendly. $250 for the treatment but having her do my hair is extremely worth it!I went from having unruly, frizzy, and uncontrollable hair and then when Nadia gets to it, my hair is luscious, shiny, and completely malleable. I bascially went from only being able to braid my hair, put it up, or straighten my hair to death. Now I could enjoy having my beautiful hair down, curl it, or style it anyway I want!
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,12/2/2013,50,71,3,3,1>I love Martinis. Over the course of years I must have had all martinis that Roxy puts on the menu. Always perfect. Not too cold, not too warm. Not watered down. There is live music. And adorable older couples dancing. The happy hour is a steal. Sure there are few minuses, like cigarette smoke (seriously ban that shit already), the waitresses are tiny bit sluggish, and they might have done away with the salty almonds (or maybe I just missed them?). Either way, still four stars because the martinis are great!
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,12/1/2013,17,4,,2,1>Some friends, my girlfriend and I stopped in here last night during a midtown collective and we had a blast! We came in and found a table to sit while our friend got us some drinks. Once the drinks made it to the table, an older gentleman that was working came and ask for our ID's and was VERY nice and funny. He was cheerful and kinda teased us for "trying to act old" (we're all mid 20's). I'm always appreciative when asked for my ID because I feel like the establishment is being a responsible contributor to the local economy. Shortly after a waitress came and took a drink order and I asked for a red or brown ale and she brought me a Smithwick's Irish Ale. I've never had it before but it was very good! I'll definitely be looking for this more often. While having the drink I started to take in the vibe of the place. Everywhere you looked there were smiles and friendly faces. Everyone seemed to be having a great time. There was a live band playing called The Clark Brothers. Two guys playing very authentic sounding Irish music. One song I think was a well known folk song because there was an audience participation part where everyone was clapping in unison. The bar (and even the bathroom) was very clean and the decor was relevant to the Irish pub theme. Overall we all ha a blast and we will be going back, hopefully often.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,11/30/2013,18,37,2,1,1>Yesterday was the second time I came into this store and I was less overwhelmed now that I knew the general layout. There is a lot of stuff here EVERYWHERE you look. It is a shop you have to spend some time in to really get a good look at everything. Luckily, I had plenty of time and was willing to take the time to move about the displays in a cat like fashion. What? That made no sense. Anyways, I didn`t break anything is what I`m really getting at. If you're looking for a unique gift you might find it here. They have lots of super neat items like zodiac candles, tapestries, incense, Buddhist figurines, LOTS of jewelry, clothing(hippie,steampunk, awesomely strange, and even fun lingerie), smoke shop items in the back, tarot decks, boots, little trinkets that will make you look closer and ask yourself "and just what in the hell is this?". It is really a pack rat's dream of odds and ends. On some items, the prices are quite high, but considering this is the only shop in Reno of it's kind, with this much inventory, they can kind of get away with it. I would personally rather shop for the stuff online and find it cheaper, but if you need a quick, unique gift, or you just want to browse the shop's selection, stop by. Staff was generally very nice and helpful. It smells good in the shop, and the atmosphere was comfortable with the music at just the right volume, and the temperature comfy. Maybe you don`t care about the temperature but I do so there!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,11/29/2013,5,10,,1,1>Yes this is as good as it gets for a Reno lunch out. LOVED IT!!! Quick and Easy and a great patio. I had a big salad with grilled peaches, candied nuts, goat cheese and grilled chicken. I loved the ice tea, lemonade and fresh mint sprigs. I will be back. Again, best lunch I have had in Reno!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,4/6/2014,92,204,,5,2>My 3.5 year old daughter started taking classes here three weeks ago. She loves it. Every day she asks if it's dance class day. Her class is for ages 3-6. Miss Katie is absolutely amazing with the little kids. She's very patient and encouraging. The thing that I love most about Dance City is their values. Cara, the owner is very into giving back to the community. The little girls are preparing a routine right now for a preformance at a fundraising event. I couldn't be happier to have my daughter learning to dance here. Give them a try - they let you try a week free.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,4/4/2014,237,16,3,5,4>a little pricey for my taste - but alas, super delightfulness in a cup- so I guess overall, kinda worth it - especially when I'm crying and craving something sweet and yet not too fattening like regular ice cream - Plus sugar free / gluten free is a great option /choice with fresh fruit on top! - Oh and add white chocolate yogurt chips and marshmallow sauce = DA'BOMB!!!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,4/3/2014,126,122,9,9,8>I'm both proud and confused that Reno has this little Thai gem in its pocket. Proud for obvious reasons, and confused only in the sense of...."how did we get so lucky?". I mean, Reno isn't known for its winners. Amirite?      ...ahahaaaaaaa-aaaaanyway. Besides the fact that the tables at the South location are a bit too wide for an intimate dinner, the decor and ambiance are delightful. (I'm not kidding about the table thing though. Holding hands across the table looks more like a desperate attempt to save each other from falling off the edge of a cliff all Indiana Jones style. "I love you" looks more like "DON'T LET GO! I'LL SAVE YOU!!!".If you're a fellow non-gluten-ite like myself, you'll be pleased to find that many of the items on the main menu can be ordered "gluten free". My favorite by far is the Green Curry with Tofu. Gotta love the classics. I typically order both the red and green curry with brown rice. Bam. And I'm a happy girl. Their Pad Thai is spectacular as well. And the spice-factor can be adjusted to your taste. Just keep in mind that Thai "medium" isn't like Mexican "medium". Bangkok's spice factor runs hotter than most.Lovely and extensive wine list as well, especially for a Thai restaurant (which, in my experience, have been limited in the past). So go ahead, THAI one on! BAHA!....sorry...
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,4/2/2014,279,192,,13,9>I love brunching.  But I'm relatively new to town and my boyf lives ~2,000 miles away, so I don't yet have a go-to crew with whom to brunch.  Thanks to Robert S., however, I received an invite to brunch with mutual Yelp acquaintances!  Oxbow Cafe was an excellent place for an early Sunday morning brunch.Oxbow Cafe is located on Dickerson Road, which is what west Second St turns into past the downtown area.  The cafe is located on the north side of the street (that is, the "right" side if one is coming from downtown; also, the side opposite from the river) in a building that is near the road.  A large cloth stand-up sign that reads "food" is set up in front of the building to mark it.  But, as I had thought the address was 3365 and not 2365, I totally missed it the first time around.  It was an easy error to fix: just turn around in a driveway before road dead-ends into the Oxbow Nature Study Area.The cafe was just the right amount of busy at 9:30 am: full enough to give the place a good vibe, but not so full to make it difficult to nab a table for seven people.  The menu is organized in a clear manner--one page with no distracting graphics--and it contained just the right amount of options.  I ordered the French toast, which was sizable and scrumptious and only $4.99 (!), and my dining partners ordered the special of the day--eggs Benedict ($7.95) and the breakfast skillet (also $7.95).  My French toast was plated plain and simple, which was just fine for me, but the plating of the more expensive breakfast options was delightfully exquisite with a colorful arrangement of fresh fruit.  One can order regular coffee or a wide variety of fancy coffee drinks, such as lattes and mochas and cappuccino.  One downside is that they do not offer fresh-squeezed orange juice.  There is also beer on tap and wine available, as the cafe is open for lunch and dinner as well as breakfast.  The service was prompt, pleasant, and unobtrusive, and the interior of the cafe is pleasantly decorated and just the right noise level.  I am a fan of Oxbow Cafe and Bistro and look forward to taking the boyf here next time he visits.  It is a perfect place to eat after a short morning hike in the Oxbow Nature Study Area.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,4/1/2014,68,60,5,6,5>We've been to Ijji 3 quite a bit since they opened.  Funny, you walk out and they say "see you tomorrow"...many times we think that is a good probability.My hubby and I enjoy sushi.  We like a few rolls, but mainly prefer nigiri.  We aren't into the stuff that is way outside of typical sushi...I don't like fruit and nuts in my rolls, but I do like spice.  With that being said, I haven't tried a ton of their rolls.  What I have tried was pretty good but as I eat more sushi, the more I like the less fancy, more straight forward sushi.The salad bar is kinda cool.  I love the cucumbers and even though I am not a fan of imitation crab, that darn crab salad is addictive.  The miso soup was on par.  The appetizers are pretty good.  We love mussels and one thing I have noticed is that sometimes they are tiny, sometimes they are big.  Maybe something to do with their supplier?  The big ones are better, just sayin'.  But, I'll take down half a dozen of the little guys, too.Having been a regular at Sushi Pier, I do appreciate that Sushi Pier's lunch AYCE offers more exciting nigiri.  If Ijji could improve on anything, it would just be that.The service is always excellent.  Last time, our waitress was seriously the most pleasant customer service person I have met in a loooong time.  She was so polite, courteous, and quick.  Can't ask for better, especially on a lunch break!
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2014,3/31/2014,381,562,4,8,6>Finally, after years of trying to make it to Daughters Cafe, we made it through the door for a meal.  Of course we had to make it a special dinner meal where there is a lecture that comes with dinner.Daughter Cafe has been running a lecture series all last year and into this year.  Not sure if they are going to continue the series but this last one was very entertaining.  It was about Lewis and Clark.  Lots of stuff I knew, but tons more I didn't know.As for the food, it was great.  The set menu for the dinner was a caper mustard sauce salmon with a arugula blueberry salad and succotash.  Served with wonderful rolls.  The portions were very filling and surprisingly I ate the whole thing.  Everything was properly cooked and the salad was perfectly dressed in my opinion, not too much not too little.  And I had never had succotash before so I can't really compare it to anything.  But it was tasty and everyone at my table finished theirs.The ambiance of the place is what you would expect from a home turned into a restaurant.  Not a ton of space but enough for the "ladies who lunch" crowd.  It's very authentic feeling, and how we sat last night with all the tables pushed together, made it feel a little basque.  I regret having not made it in here before.  For some reason I had the sense that this place was more posh than it is.  It's not posh, it's homey and warm.  It's lovely people making very lovely food.I can't really comment on the prices for this trip because of it being a special event.  But I'm hoping to make the one or two of the remaining lectures.  The speaker (I'm horrible with names) had a good sense of humor and kept it interesting.Parking is street parking so just be aware of the places you park.  It's close enough to downtown to be under the scrutiny of the parking patrol.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,3/30/2014,6,10,,3,2>I have had a great experience for every treatment I have had here.  Matt gives a terrific massage and I go every month.  The monthly membership is a great deal for massages and facials.I have also gotten quite a few waxes and facials here and never been disappointed!  Every staff member is very friendly.  Highly recommend!
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,3/29/2014,24,105,2,4,2>I committed the sin of gluttony at the 1/2 price social hour at Bistro Napa. I had dinner there once, it was good but I wouldn't call it 'great', but the small plates that they serve are really, really good.   My husband and I started out with  very good Napa wine (don't remember the name, sorry) . It  was a very nice cab with black cherry/currant flavors. You get an 8 ounce pour, so at  $8.50 a glass it was a steal.  A single glass each would have been plenty, but we split a third glass because it was so darned good.We ordered way too much, chicken wings, greek flat bread, kobe sliders, crab cake sliders and ate every bit of it, The Honey Bourbon chicken wings were amazing, the chicken was not overcooked and the sauce was excellent.  We assumed we would get 5 or 6 wings, but there were at least  8 or 9 on the plate.  You get two sliders per order with fries.  The meat in the Kobe sliders was slightly overcooked but still delicious.  The caramelized onions on the sliders were so good I wished that I had a whole plate of nothing but caramelized onions.   I didn't try the crab sliders but my husband loved them. Crab sliders are served with sweet potato fries which were very good but not nearly as good as the  "Sexy Fries" (their term, not mine) that came with the Kobe sliders.  Those 'sexy fries' are delicious and definitely addicting, and they served us a ton of them. They are very thinly cut fries with white truffle oil and Parmigiano Reggiano. If I had to pick one french fry to eat for the rest of my life it would be that one.I will withhold judgment on the Greek flat bread because it was slightly dry and cold when it was served to us.  I noticed that quite a bit of food sat at the pass with servers seemingly oblivious to it and they were not very busy so I can't offer that up as an excuse.   Our bill was around $50 which was a steal for the amount and quality of the food and wine, we will return!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,3/28/2014,6,18,141,7,4>My boyfriend took me to 4th Street Bistro for my birthday and it was one of the best meals I've ever had. I had a filet with Cabernet butter. The way that the butter melted into the meat and flavored it with that amazing wine flavor was heavenly. It was really one of the best things I've ever tasted. We also had some of the signature cocktails and of course we split a bottle of wine. It was a pricy meal, but there were no regrets because I feel like it was worth every penny. The food was amazing!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,3/27/2014,22,9,1,5,3>This is a great little place I consistently recommend to friends. It's in Midtown, but since it's just off Virginia many people aren't even aware it exists. It's a nice place to go have a drink with friends, or even meet a date since it's very relaxing and calm inside unlike bars. They have a huge selection of beers and wine, and if you are like me and have no clue what to get they can recommend something. Some drinks seem expensive to me, but they have some that even I (cheapskate that I am) consider inexpensive. There is so much selection that you have to ask if you're looking for something specific. The people running the place are super nice and kickback and Craft is a good place to visit if you're in Midtown or just want to pick up some nice drinks.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,8/19/2014,19,14,5,6,5>Miguel's occupies a bit of an "in-between" space in Reno's Mexican food landscape. Old school Reno folks will remember it from long ago as it's been open forever. Newer folks might have dismissed it as one of the "Americanized" Mexican food joints in our fair town.And yes, sure, there are some very Americanized bits on the menu. And sure, their rice and beans have never been anything to write home about. But look a little closer....There are some very strong items on the menu. The Carne Asade is one of the better skirt steaks in town, nicely marinated, flavorful, and served with an odd but delicious tostada. The Chile Verde is really good if not revolutionary (try it with an egg). They also serve an amazing Chicharron dish. Yes, it's pork skin and fat, and yes it's as if angels descended to grace your tongue with porky flavor. The chicarron is served in a mix of their red and green sauce with onions and jalapenos. Try it, you'll thank me.They also serve a bigger than your head Margarita. Yum.While their chips are good it's their salsa that stands out. I think it's one of the tops in Reno. An extra star for a very pleasant waitstaff. Give it another chance, and do me a favor, look past the chimichanga...
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,8/18/2014,105,130,1,5,5>Wow, I am pleasantly surprised with Thai Lotus! I met my friend during the lunch hour today, by her recommendation. She is a picky eater so I thought it would be good if she decided where to go. I'm glad she did because I had no idea about it! I have not had Thai prior to visiting, so I was interested in trying something new and popular by Yelp. Well, the high ratings don't lie and I can't wait to return!Upon walking in, I noticed the dining room is small yet decorated beautifully. The service was nice and efficient as well. We both ordered the orange chicken lunch special, which was served with jasmine rice, salad with what tastes like a peanut sauce-like dressing, soup, and another thing I didn't know what it was. The soup tasted like wonton soup, sans wonton but instead with tofu. The other thing appeared to resemble an empanada but had a filling I couldn't quite describe. It was a bit sweet and the filling reminded me of squash for some reason, and delicious nonetheless! Orange chicken was not that of a Chinese orange chicken. Instead, the bits of chicken were more like breaded tenders and very dry. The orange "sauce" was more liquid-y than a syrup consistency. The flavors were great but I wish it had been not as dry. I also ordered a Thai iced tea and found it refreshing for such a hot day it's been. The prices were fair and it was a filling meal despite the dishes to appear on the smaller side. I imagine someone who has a large appetite thinking it may not be enough food, but it surely is! I see myself returning soon.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2014,8/17/2014,170,213,1,7,6>I love this place!  It has some amazing plants and flowers.  You will find stuff here that you will not see at Home Depot that is for damn sure.  They have a lot of wrought iron decorations (inside and out) and they have quite a variety of beautiful greens to plant in your garden or inside your home.  It is more expensive than HD or Lowes but, like I said the quality is fantastic.  The people who work here are very friendly and helpful.  The only complaint that I have is that the place seems very understaffed.  There were quite a few people there today and I only saw one person working.  Maybe I was in the wrong areas but I did wander all over the place.  I love to treat myself to something here every once in a while.  Check it out.  It is a great place to browse.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,8/16/2014,94,403,5,10,7>Received an email from La Vecchia about Ravioli Mondays yesterday.  Here are the details:Enjoy an order of Ravioli, your choice of a starter salad or dessert and a glass of house wine for $20.00. Your Ravioli choices include: Roasted Mushroom Ravioli in a Cream Sauce, Pumpkin Ricotta Ravioli in a Brown Butter Sage Sauce with Italian Sausage Ragout, Spinach Ravioli in a Brown Butter Sage Sauce or Meat Ravioli in a Bolognese Sauce. Needless to say this got us to book a table and invite some friends to join us.  The six of us all had the special and tried all the different raviolis.  The standout to me were the mushroom raviolis, Carpaccio (thinly sliced (raw) beef, capers, Arugula, and parmesan), and the tiramisu.Our waitress (L'erin) was funny, engaged, and attentive and the food was excellent!  They never fail to impress.  Now a reason to eat out on Mondays.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,8/15/2014,113,346,5,9,6>After attending many a movie in Germany at movies with assigned seating I was quite trepidatious. After just a few moments inside the spacious lobby we found the kiosk. I had an insider tip to skip the standard line and head straight to the kiosk. We chose our seats, printed our tickets and headed to the concession line. Concessions were standard price for a theatre visit. The addition of higher quality food and drink options was a nice touch - beer and an italian sausage while enjoying the movie was great!We grabbed our snacks and hit the theatre. We were ushered to our seats, the policies of the theatre were explained and we sat down.Then magic happened - I found the button to adjust the seat into full recliner mode. Instantly I was transported to my own couch just with a much larger screen. Instantly in love.I've now been here every few weeks since opening and it is always my first choice for a theatre. I now find myself disappointed when I have to visit other theatres because this one is not offering the movie I want to see.I'll be curious to see how well maintained this theatre will remain. It's brand new and shiny right now, but where will it be a in a few years. If it stays at a quality this high, I will stay a loyal patron. I shudder to think of returning to a theatre without fully reclining seats. Oh the dread... I need to patronize this, and only this, theatre forever.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,8/14/2014,144,209,1,5,7>wow, I am such a fool. I have lived right by this place for over a year and I had no idea what it really was. well, until I actually went in there with a pal. What a great place. no wonder I always see a bunch of happy people sitting outside drinking wine.The large inventory of great wines was great. Prices seemed really good and I was able to try some new wines that were delicious. Service was great too.A table next to us had their dog there so if you sit outside, you can drink wine and have your dog. Heaven.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,8/13/2014,8,42,2,7,7>For a thrilling hike, full of new sights and sounds, we headed west from Reno to Verdi to explore the newest section of the Tahoe-Pyramid Bikeway. Opened in 2013, the Verdi Upstream section follows the Truckee Meadows Power Authority (TMPA) utility road approximately three miles from the gravel parking area at the south end of Quilici Ranch Road to Fleish Dam and Bridge.  We walked parallel to the California state line, Truckee River, Interstate 80, and the Union Pacific Railroad. Along the way, the whistle of a freight train heading west and an Amtrak train heading east punctuated the background sounds of the rumbling interstate and roaring river.The wide and graded service road passed the Fleish Power Station, side-stepped into California, and wandered beside the Truckee River Flume and Steamboat Ditch. The power station, built in 1904 to supply electricity to Virginia City and its mines, runs on river water diverted upstream and carried to its turbines in the timbered flume. The climax of the hike came at the end, with a crossing of the Fleish Bridge. The 200-foot long pedestrian span suspends above the spillway of the Fleish Dam, which impounds the Truckee River for diversion into the Steamboat Ditch and Truckee River Flume.  Our footsteps on the narrow wooden deck created out-of-sync waves, that generated an electrifying finale to our thrilling hike.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,8/12/2014,23,46,1,4,4>Nyla Allen is one of the best massage therapists around. I first started seeing her at Mind, Body, Pilates... but now she has her own setup off Mt Rose Hwy on Wedge Pkwy. This location is beautiful and they've done a good job of making it more of a spa experience than just a massage parlour. There's an infra-red sauna and lockers to put your things in. They've made it a great place for groups, such as a bridal shower location. I do believe all of the rooms have two tables for couples massage options. I love the decor of the rooms! My favorite thing is how a good portion of the massage is done face-up, using your own body weight to get an even deeper massage (if you have knots and enjoy firm pressure like I do!). I also really like how they put the orange and peppermint essential oils on your hands to put over your face and breathe away the nasal congestion that massage often causes. I wish I could afford to go more often. It's definitely worth it!
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,8/11/2014,24,26,3,5,5>Concepts is the best high-end boutique in town.  The store is in an old house converted into retail space, very chic.  They carry all the current trends as well as a lot of basics/staples.  Some of my favorite brands are Sinclair, Free People, Wild Fox, Splendid, and Elizabeth and James.  They have the most amazing selection of denim.  Check out the shoes in the back, surprisingly they have a lot of affordable options intermingled with higher end items (Frye).  Great sidewalk sales; "like" them on FB to get notifications.  Items can be pricy; don't be afraid to ask for a discount on full price item.  The girls try their best to work with you (up to 30% in my experience).  A couple statement pieces each season go a long way!  Stop b Concepts, you won't regret it.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,8/10/2014,15,27,2,2,4>The papusas here are homemade and amazing!!  They have several different kinds, I personally love the queso and the cheese, meat and bean ones.  A lot of the time we order a bunch of them for lunch from work and they are only $1 each!  They get crazy busy at lunch but are really fast with the food, so don't be afraid even if there is a line at the counter, totally worth it!   They also have this seafood burrito that one of my co-workers just raves about so it might be worth checking out as well.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,12/20/2013,38,77,,4,3>This place rocks. I've ordered many menu items on many different occasions, and it never fails to amaze. I've tried a few other similar restaurants in the area and this is the best. The only reason I'm giving four stars is because of the service. It sometimes seems that, besides who I believe is the owner/manager, no once can really speak English. So communicating with anyone else for any reason can be difficult.The Chicken Jalfrezi is my absolute favorite. The vegetable Samosa and garlic naan, are hard to beat anywhere. Top that off with a mango lassi and Gulab Jamun for dessert, and I am in heaven.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,12/19/2013,10,44,,2,1>Fantastic food! I had a half chicken salad sandwich on wheat for lunch. It may have been the best chicken salad I've had. The wheat bread was also very fresh and tasty! I still cannot get over how good it was! My dining companion had the quiche and she said it was really good; she finished it all so that's a good sign. We also shared the key lime cupcake. The keylime frosting was amazing! The cake seemed a little dry for my taste, but it still tasted good. My lunch left me full all afternoon!Great local business!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,12/18/2013,1,11,,4,2>The place is freakin amazing. My first time I was here,  I was with my friends.  My friends refused to help me so I had this waitress (I forgot her name) but she helped me a lot!!! I ordered Szechuan chicken and I absolutely fell in love.  The chicken is most and has so much flavor. The milk teas are very delicious and I always go get my milk teas from there.  Very much recommend this place!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,12/17/2013,46,140,,4,4>I recently attended a small conference (about 30 people) that Dish catered breakfast and lunch.  Both were delicious.  The breakfast quiche was simple and flavorful.  The lunch assortment was unique - fresh salad with two different dressings and a flat bread with pesto spread and chicken, or pretzel bread with steak and a delicious sauce.  You assembled the sandwiches yourself, so I suppose you could mix and match.  Again, such a simple idea for a working lunch but full of flavor.  The desert tray was to die for (I may have sampled more than my fair share...)  I don't know the logistics side - how much, was it ready on time, and such.  But from the putting food in face side, it was a win.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,12/16/2013,32,59,,1,1>My favorite breakfast spot. A little spendy but worth it.  I recommend the berryliscous waffle with yogurt and any of the Eggs Benedict dishes.  They also have amazing coffee! If you go on a weekend morning be prepared to wait (but its worth it!)
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,12/15/2013,128,132,,4,3>I have been coming to Boulevard for many years. I went to Sparks High back in the day so it was one of the go-to lunch spots for a long time. I still remember the "two and a coke" deal they had (two slices of pizza and a fountain drink) for five bucks. Although I graduated quite a few years ago I have been to Boulevard a few times since "the good old days" and not a lot has changed. The fact that not much has changed is a good thing. The prices are still great and the food is still really good. They have really cheap lunch specials with a personal pizza and a salad bar for like five dollars or so. The salad bar is pretty good, with a decent selection of toppings.  The interior of the place is definitely outdated but doesn't feel dingy like other places I've been. The last time I was in, the girl taking my order was pretty short with me which kind of rubbed me the wrong way but I'm sure there was a reason and I let it go. As I discover more and more great pizza places in Reno, I'll be sure not to forget Boulevard and will most certainly return.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,12/14/2013,112,249,,3,1>I love taking my son here. It's a little expensive so I would suggest if you have a big family or you go frequently, that you get the season pass. The gift shop area is also pretty spendy, but I can find that same stuff at Walmart or Target for much cheaper!We could spend all day playing here. It's two levels with a lot of rooms each with different kinds of leaning. There's things to play in, on, and with and they offer classes to make crafts and such. Our favorite part is the downstairs area with the water. The staff is always friendly and willing to help or make suggestions for play. You can throw bday parties here which I've been seriously considering. I'm just not positive on the pricing and what is included yet. There's plenty of space here that's for sure! There's stuff for parents and kids to play with together or if you want to sit down there's that too! They have a huge cafeteria with numerous vending machines if your hungry. Just an overall great experience every time we go.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,12/13/2013,240,847,3,6,5>Good local Chinese restaurant. Sesame chicken and orange chicken both taste the same except the Sesame chicken has some seeds thrown on it.Lunch specials are until 3. For $12 I got chicken, rice, an eggroll, and a tiny salad with a yummy peanut dressing. Prices standard for Chinese restaurants. Would definitely go back to.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,12/10/2013,20,6,,2,1>My boyfriend and I had breakfast here before he went to work since he lived and works in the area. I had a simple 2 eggs and potatoes breakfast and he had the Joe's scramble, which is a new item. The food was really good and the service was super fast and our waitress Shannon was awesome. The biscuit was probably the highlight of my meal. Seriously that thing was great. My only complaint was that there wasn't very many options for me to eat as a vegetarian. Now I totally get that breakfast tends to be a meal for meat eaters but I was hoping for a veggie benedict or the option to have fruit instead of the standard bacon/ sausage or something a long those lines. But overall it was a great breakfast and I would eat here again.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,12/9/2013,7,76,2,4,4>Disclaimer: I am a meat eater and meat lover. I have no plans of ever being a vegan/vegetarian That being saidI did meatless for one night at pneumatic diner and I almost had a change in philosophyFood was amazing. I had the falafel sandwich and was beyond satisfied. The diner is tiny (might even be an understatement). And the kitchen is right in the center of it all. It's a fun artsy place to enjoy a meal with your meatless friends without sacrificing satisfaction.The food was a 10/5, the only reason I gave this place a 4 was the wait- we waited over an hour for our 3 meals... And it felt much longer. But it was definitely worth the wait Prices were good as wellI will return!
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,9/18/2014,13,40,9,10,9>GET LUCKY BY THE TRUCKEE!  I love me a good hot dog and this guy does it good. I walk past this guy's cart on my days off while trying to get into shape and finally my will power tanked and I stopped. I chose the polish dog (change back from a $5) which was grilled to order- nice touch on the flavor there. The guy was great, personable, and explained that he lets the customer put the condiments on so the dog comes out just right.  I got my polish dog to go wrapped up in a bag but that only lasted a couple blocks before I chowed down and seriously regretted having not bought 2! Make sure to get a punch card when you buy your dog- I got one and the dude got me started with one punch for my dog and a free punch to inspire me to come back. I will be back. Get your puncher gizmo ready!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,9/17/2014,300,454,9,14,11>July 12, 2014 Saturday - desert 1:30 PM2 adults and 1 kidAtmosphere -5 starsFood - 5 starsService - 5 stars Background - Been here during the Dine the District Food Tour.  Today we were walking the river and decided to stop in.Atmosphere - On a hot summer day the coolness of the place was very welcoming.  Love the wood cases.Food  Dessert - Bought a 5 piece of Sea Salt Caramels.  The three of us each had a piece outside under an umbrella picnic table.  The sea salt on the caramel makes the flavors pop.Service - They cut up pieces for us to sample as soon as we walked in.  We were paying we got more samples.Future - Please I want more sea salt caramels.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,9/16/2014,147,96,2,8,10>I absolutely love coming to this park! It's a little, wonderful piece of Reno that makes you forget you are even in the city! There is tons of green fields, where they hold a plethora of different events, whether it's a public event like the Great Balloon Race or a private event, like a Wedding or company picnic. They have an assortment of different pavilions and gazebos. The arboretum is filled with all kinds of different nature life and makes for a lovely stroll. They also have longer trails, for someone looking for more than just an easygoing walk, as well as, frisbee golf (on a rather challenging terrain, if you ask me!) I don't have a dog, so I don't wander through the dog park but I always see lots of pups with their owners. For the little ones, there are a couple different playgrounds, my favorite (of course!) is the dinosaur playground! Such a cute concept for the little ones! I adore this park; it has a little something for everyone! And, it is kept clean and beautiful! I feel the people, who maintain this parkland, really do the best they can! It is a place my parent's brought me, when I was younger and it is a place I will continue to visit and bring my children, as well. It is a great, family-oriented recreation area for the Reno/Sparks area!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,9/15/2014,44,188,1,8,6>A group of 5 of us went in last night and after a handful of visits I can now say this tops the list for renos best sushi AND service! Our waitress and sushi chefs were so fast and so happy to make things not on the menu and offer us new things to try. Everything was very fresh and not doused in sauce like I hate. I also had a large bottle of cold unfiltered sake that was very reasonably priced at only $7 a bottle! The server was on top of clearing plates and offered separate checks without even making the request. Lots of sushi places to choose from in town but this is constantly one of the best and worth the praise.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2014,9/14/2014,39,101,5,7,9>I hadn't been here in a decade, glad I came back! Really nice selection, hot stuff is hot, cold stuff is cold. That's important to me. As most have mentioned, this place is small. Like the size of a large living room. Don't let that sway you, it creates a "welcome to our home!" kind of ambiance. Our chef was a hard workin' little lady who answers to "Mama." No bigger than a minute, and nice as pie. Presented us with some amazing rolls, so precise, and pretty. Our drinks were tended often, and with a smile. My favorite was the unagi. So many places just can't get it right. Here, it was sublime. Served warm, caramelized sauce clinging to the tiny crispy edges. Melts in your mouth like an eel should. (Wow, not a phrase one utters everyday!) Thanks Mama and the friendly staff! The original Pier since 2000 and going strong!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2014,9/13/2014,142,283,1,12,9>I've been here twice now - once during their soft open, when it was only Chinese, and again tonight for the debut of their crawfish.The decor of the place is interesting.  It's going for a sleek, modern vibe - there's some color LED/polycarbonate wave accent lighting, and the lights over the bar are these bright white LED, rectangular prism lights (with Eiffel Tower designs on them).  The tables have dark marble surfaces, and there's some black/gold tile work.  The individual pieces all look decent, but taken as a whole, it doesn't quite come together.  There's no real synergy, and it's clear that this was a DIY project/remodel.In any case, the standout dish from the first time was the salt and pepper wings.  Probably some of the biggest wings I've had, and a great flavor and texture.  Their hot chili paste was also a standout - lots of flavor in the fermented paste, and a good heat to it as well.  The GF mentioned she thought this might be her new favorite westernized Chinese.Tonight, I had a pound of crawfish and a pound of shrimp (market prices of $12 and $11 respectively).   Menu is a little confusing in that all four proteins (crawfish, shrimp, clams, and mussels) are marked as Market Price.  Hot N Juicy was similar, but they at least had a board that showed the days prices.  The table was covered with white butcher paper, and the food was brought out in plastic bags that the server pulled out of a silver bucket (think like for wine) and placed on the table.  I had the crawfish in the "Sweatin" style, which is a combo of the AZN (house special with salty egg), American, (garlic butter) and Thai (basil).  They have you pick among beginner, intermediate, advanced or pro for spiciness (I went with advanced).  The Sweatin sauce was great (better than the Hot N Juicy I had a few weeks ago in Vegas), though the crawfish seemed a little strange.  I've only had crawfish a handful of times, but these had the largest bodies to the smallest tails I'd seen before.  Good for the experience of having crawfish, but not a great value.  The shrimp on the other hand were large and delicous.  I didn't like the AZN sauce as much as the Sweatin - not enough heat for me, and there was a hint of sweetness that I wasn't expecting.Two misses here.  First, they brought out a roll of paper towel, but it was on a holder that pinched the paper towel so you couldn't easily unroll it.  The second was the butcher paper, which just didn't hold up to the juices and drippings; clearly this is why Hot N Juicy uses plastic instead of paper.The staff is super enthusiastic and attentive, obviously very excited and wanting to make this place a success.  Maybe a bit too attentive, but that's a minor sin.  Chatted with one guy, (maybe the owner?) and he was saying how he's chosen to use the Tahoe Lobster Company's crawfish since you can't get fresh crawfish (only frozen) elsewhere as we're out of season now.The decor and atmosphere is a bit disjointed (marble and silver buckets don't quite work with the butcher paper and plastic bibs), but the food is good, and I definitely want to go back to try the mussels and clams, and maybe more of their Chinese menu.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,9/12/2014,38,77,6,12,12>One word can only describe this place...WOW! I must share my secret, I had passed by this place many times on my way to another restaurant right next door, yet had never stopped in, until a day spent buying organic seedlings at Whole Foods with some friends, left us starving, and wanting to try something...well, Organic! The first thing I loved about this ADORABLE restaurant was the simple fact that there were fresh flowers adorning the front doors. Silly maybe, but it made it feel welcoming to me, which this place has definitely already achieved! We decided to eat outside, seeing as how the seedlings were in the car with the windows down, and it was at least 85 degrees out.The huge umbrellas shade diners from the blistering sun and glass jars of water sit waiting to quench your thirst. Some of the bottles have little sayings on them like, "Peace and Joy" to remind you to smile, the salt and pepper shakers were all unique, ours happened to be cats! Even the coffee mugs were all different with sayings and things, as if they came from my grandmother's kitchen and not a restaurants kitchen. These little touches really add to the truly organic and almost home-like feeling of this eatery.The waitress was prompt with a smile and answered every crazy question we could come up with, even when we asked about the fact that they get some of the products from the local Whole Foods and even the Great Basin Co-op! Not only are the fruits and vegetables they use organic and local, but the beef grass-fed, the chicken free-range and they even offer gluten free, vegetarian and vegan options for everything. Talk about hitting the nail on the head! We ordered our sandwiches with salads and I ordered the, "Mediterranean Manta," soup...I hope I spelled that right, (Probably not) regardless, Holy WOW. Boca crumbles in an amazing broth with veggies, bow tie pasta and a dollop of Greek yogurt on top! I only had to ask the waitress 1000 times what the name was so I could absolutely remember the name...in which she replied with the name...again...with a smile, sweet as can be. To top it all off, the literal and actual owner of the restaurant, Gino came over and talked to us. His enthusiasm boiling over as he gushed about his passion, his restaurant, how they grow their own tomatoes, and how he sells his soups (Gino's soup) at Whole Foods in the freezer section... (Not the Manta though, not yet anyway, I looked today!)  He showed us his (pretty fricken awesome tattoos), Tomatoes on a vine on one arm and his logo for the soup on the other. His passion for what he is doing in this community was truly moving and quite the inspiration for this 25 year old Culinary Student! What struck me the most about him, was not only did he take the time to make damn sure, everything was running smoothly, and every customer taken care of with 100% customer service, but that he took the time during such a busy lunch rush, to visit each and every table, and talk to anyone who wanted to listen about his passions, his restaurant and why he does what he does. The fact that he is so involved only made this place that much better! I just cannot say enough, how much I loved this place and cannot wait to go back!
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,9/11/2014,45,23,1,7,8>I am a huge fan of Mediterranean, and particularly Greek, food.  Nikos is "off the boat" and he and his wife Jacqui are beyond awesome.  Nikos Greek Kitchen's location in the West Street Market and open seating, inside or out, provides a free and casual atmosphere in which to enjoy their delicious food.I think my favorite thing about Nikos's food, besides the fabulous flavor, is how fresh and homemade it always tastes.  You can watch them cook it on the grill right in front of you, and the portions make every choice a great value.The gyros, spanikopita, zucchini sticks, and tzatziki sauce are just fantastic.  I want to try the fish & chips, but have yet to do so because I'm so stuck on the traditional Greek dishes!Definitely worth the time to try if you're even remotely a fan of being fed Med!
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2014,9/10/2014,189,507,1,12,7>Midtown was already spoiled for choice when it comes to Mexican restaurants--Miguel's, El Adobe, Si Amigos, and El Barracho are all within walking distance of each other, and that's even before you count any Wells Ave. joints.  So my first thought about Mari Chuy's was "Why?"  But, everyone really seems to like this place, so Friend and I went to check it out last night.It is definitely different from the other Mexican places in Midtown; you sense that the second you walk in.  The atmosphere is light and hip, and on the colorful wall of specials, you immediately see menu items that you aren't going to find in any of those other restaurants, like molcajete and cilantro margaritas.  So it would appear that they do, in fact, have a niche to fill.I ordered the carnitas, and Friend the carne asada, and I added an appetizer of guacemole to go with our chips because I was wary of the pico de gallo that looked less than spicy.  I need not have worried, though, because the pico turned out to have great flavor, and it was the guac that was disappointing--oily and bland.  Of course, two top-shelf margaritas to wash it all down, which were very tasty.The meat in both dishes was fantastic.  The asada was well seasoned, the carnitas tender and sweet.  Friend was a bit disappointed with her portion size, but I had to ask for a to-go box.  I wasn't thrilled with the little cup of pinto beans and the small scoop of rice, but what I really felt was lacking were carnitas fixin's.  No onions, cilantro, or lime.  I asked for and received some limes (which has actually been difficult to get at a lot of restaurants, due to the 2014 lime shortage) and used the pico from the chips, but it still felt like an oversight.Although our waiter was nice, he was inattentive, and towards the end of the meal we had trouble getting service even though the dining room had mostly emptied.  I was wavering between a 4- or 4.5-star rating, when we got the check.  Wowza!  That was some pricey Mexican food!  The price tag made my decision easier...a solid four stars. Mari Chuy's has a lot going for it, but I don't think it's enough to drag me away from Miguel's.  There's just a lot of places nearby where you can get equally good Mexican food for less money with better atmosphere.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,9/9/2014,58,211,1,8,11>Mother of god.  This is what a gourmet pizza place should be.  First off is the location which we love a) because it's on the south end of town and b) Southcreek has become it's own bitchin' little mall.Once you walk into SouthCreek Pizza you realize that the proprietors knew what they were doing - double doors.  May seem like something simple but with the cold winters (well they used to be) we have in Reno, double doors are a godsend if you're sitting inside and someone walks in.   As soon as you walk in you'll feel nice, warm and cozy with the use of wood all around.    It's not a large place but it's not to small either.     Your options are to sit and the bar or grab a table but I have to say if this is the first time you are going make sure you sit at the bar, right in front of that nice warm pizza oven.    You'll get to see exactly how they put these pizzas together and cook them and how the whole process works.  Plus, everyone working in the kitchen is friendly and happy to answer your questions.While my end goal will be to have tried everything here, so far we've had the CeCi for an app  which is essentially deconstructed hummus but quite delicious in its own right.When it comes to the pizzas, these guys have nailed the dough and crust. Keep in mind this is Neapolitan/Naples style crust which is nice and thin, crispy on the outside and softer on the inside.   For myself and my wife, its the best kind of pizza.  We've tried the Razza so far and it was absolutely delicious - we'll definitely be going back to try the others.Lastly - they have a great menu of different beers and wines that compliment the pizzas extremely well.   I found that the staff does a great job of recommending things here because thankfully, they've actually tried the food and drink.Reno is finally getting the food it deserves.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,5/8/2014,18,155,,5,3>I am so happy with the sod I got from Western Turf. Yes, I just put it in yesterday and today but it is beautiful. It is so much better looking than the sod I've seen at the big box stores and other sod places in the area. I called them multiple times because I decided to add sod knives, checked on my delivery time and then ended up with some extra sod... Every single time I talked to them they were friendly and helpful. They couldn't take the extra sod back but I understand that, plus they were very pleasant and helpful about it! It's nice that they deliver, because having to pick up a bunch of sod would be a huge pain! The driver was very nice, when I said I wanted it left in my driveway he had me sign a release to come onto my property, yes the fork lift left some marks but they were long gone by the time I was done putting everything in. Now I hope I never have to but if I do I will buy sod from them again without hesitation! Now to just keep the darn rabbits off my new lawn!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,5/6/2014,24,43,6,6,5>My favorite bar. I'm a beer and wine girl and this is definitely a beer bar, but they have a full bar, including a nice whiskey selection. And they have GREAT beer, with fun seasonal choices. In the summertime, the back patio can't be beat. Friendly, patient bartenders. I'm a little on the old side for the large crowds of Soul Night, but the music is pretty darn great. Lastly, the mug club is a fun and delicious way to pack on some pounds ;-)
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,5/5/2014,166,134,5,6,6>Little known fact about me...I was a Hooters girl.  Why share this with you here?  Well, Tommy, of Tommy's Grand Stand, was one of my managers.  It was really cool to come here for a Yelp event and see him after all this time...talk about a past time. Big hugs for Tommy!I didn't grab a bite to eat because I was full from a late lunch I had had with the hubby.  I did get a hot dog and fries for my princess, and she seemed to enjoy every bite of it.  Considering she's a very, very picky eater, I would say it was pretty good.Our service was fantastic and the atmosphere seemed to be packed with lots of fun, especially if you're a baseball/softball enthusiast.  I didn't scope them out, but I did notice a wall full of arcade games as well.  So, this seems to be a place of fun for all ages.  My hubby and my daughter tried out the batting cages and enjoyed themselves for several rounds.  I passed up on the cages because I have very little hand-eye coordination, especially for something small coming at me at rapid speed.  I was entertained as I admired my man's ability to make contact with pretty consistent precision.  I hope to return, with friends, to say hi to Tommy, try some of the food, and maybe venture stepping up to the plate.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,5/4/2014,34,340,3,5,4>Great coffee in a great location.This riverside venue brings the same great coffee The Hub has been serving up in Midtown to another revitalized area of downtown.  The mocha, as always, is made with homemade chocolate syrup and some of the highest quality coffee you'll find in Reno.  The interior showcases the bones of a great old building right alongside the Truckee River.  The seating can become scarce (especially on the weekends), but the location, service, and product all make it worth the wait.  The staff goes out of their way to talk to everyone who comes through the door and make them feel welcome.   When the weather is nice, nothing beats grabbing a seat at one of their outdoor tables and picking up some chocolates from Dorinda's right next door.  The Hub has been in the forefront of several revitalization areas downtown and this location is no exception.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,5/3/2014,1,3,,3,2>I used Sparks Florist for my August wedding and I just have to say how impressed I was with them. I had a fairly small budget for my flowers and I was very picky about what I needed and wanted but Sparks Florist was amazing to work with and my flowers were absolutely beautiful. Thank you so much for working with me Terry! I would definitely recommend them to all brides.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,5/2/2014,442,183,,7,6>Yummy AYCE sushi in Reno! Very glad to try this place for my best friends birthday and ate it again the day after when friends from the bay came to visit. Overall had an awesome foodie experience. First off the bat, I love the airiness of the restaurant and the view of the Truckee river.As for drinks, they have an impressive drink menu like The Kahuna and Mai Tais...if you like those tropical coconuty drinks. Food is great. Must get Cheese Knots! I am addicted to those cheese knots alone to get me to come back. Also the Peach Dream dessert is a must -- deep fried peaches and vanilla ice cream. The Kona Girl is a yummy roll and if your a fan of salmon nigri...their salmon is on point! None of that crazy icey/frozen fish slices...the fish is actually supple and not slimy or thinly sliced. Plus they are easy on the rice and they do not over do it. And theres actual Snow Crab mix, none of that artificial crab stuff! Love all the ppl who work here, much kudos to the wait staff, hostess, bus boys...all are very nice and courteous and the food runners know everything on the menu. usually food is just thrown on your table, not here...the staff is trained well in knowing the numerous rolls and fish when the plate is on the table. Will be back and will bring new friends and coworkers to try this gem! Parking can be a little tricky since street parking is best, but I feel its better than Sushi Pier and Hiroba and Sushi Minato!
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,5/1/2014,92,53,,5,4>Sunday night pizza with the hubby.  Because pizza has been our Sunday night tradition for years to try to sneak in some veggies I have started to add a dinner salad.  I ordered the Wedge Salad.  It was a huge wedge of lettuce with their homemade blue cheese dressing, bacon and cherry tomatoes.  It was scrumptious! It had a tad to much dressing, next time I will ask for it on the side, but delicious none the less.  For our pizza we ordered the Paulie Gee pizza.  Yum!  It had a hot honey drizzle that was very unique and added a very nice flavor.  I am looking forward to going back and trying many of their other pizza's.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,4/30/2014,56,54,,9,6>Hands down, one of the best places to buy cheese, could be the best if you factor in the personal touch.  Every time I've been in, Laura is there, she knows what I like, she can recommend cheese for any meal or pairing.  The service has always been great and I've been multiple times.I would also check them out if you need a platter of cheese with fruits, nuts, honey, etc.  Just yesterday she put together an amazing platter for us to use for a catering we were doing and she has also provided cheese for dinners we have done.  She gave us a cow, sheep and goat cheese, all super interesting, all tasty and nothing pedestrian. I trust her judgment and knowledge and look forward to opportunities to work with her.A trip to Midtown is not complete without a stop at Wedge.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,4/29/2014,114,105,3,9,7>This was my first time at Brew HaHa, and now I'm super bummed that I've been missing this every year!  Why haven't I gone before?  Well....I'm not really a beer drinker!  So I'm writing this review for all of you non-beer drinkers out there who think that you wouldn't enjoy an event like this!This is a showcase for breweries, with lots of options and tons of varieties.  The first time I went to BJ's in town I ordered a Coors Light and I thought the waiter was going to stab me.  Last night, I unapologetically approached tables and asked for something light, something fruity, something fun but PLEASE, no hops!  While some tables didn't have anything matching that description, most did, and were more than happy to find something suiting my tastes.  No attitudes, no eye-rolling when I politely refused beers that I thought I wouldn't like.  I stepped outside my boundaries, tried lots of new things, and was pleasantly surprised with a lot of the brews that I tasted.  I didn't acquire a taste for wine all at once, but I haven't put as much effort into developing a taste for beer.  Last night was a good start!  I took pictures of the brews that I liked (a trick I picked up at wine tastings - you never remember what you liked the night before!) and I will seek those out in town.As for the event itself, the ambiance was great - good lighting and great music.  I really enjoyed the band (sorry, I don't know the name), and there was a nice dance floor up by the stage.  The Yelp table was a highlight too!  We got some great Yelp swag thanks to Michael T., the Reno Yelp Community Manager.  They had a variety of fun costume items and a Yelp backdrop making up a portrait studio for all attendees to dress up and have their picture taken.  Pictures were instantly uploaded onto the Reno Yelp Facebook page and Instagram page.  Now I have some great pictures to remember the night.  Suggestions - Brew HaHa makes the same mistake that most large Reno events make.  The breweries all set up tables in two main areas - in an attached room off to the right of the venue and along the left wall.  It seems like those two places are where 80% of the people spent 90% of their time.  Down the middle of the room were rows and rows of tables that sat empty most of the time.  As this was not a food event, ditch the dinner tables and leave more space for people to move around.  Add some tall bar-style tables if you must so people can congregate, but dinner tables are not really necessary.So, great review right?  Why four stars?  Two words: food, water.  My husband and I go to lots of events in town - Vintage Nevada, Fantasies in Chocolate, various charity events at casinos, etc... There is always a table with free bottled water and there are always tables with food from local restaurants, casinos, grocery stores, etc.  Maybe this is unfair because this is a brewery event, not a foodie event, but even Vintage Nevada, which is all about wine, offers a ton of food options.  Yes, I saw the table with popcorn, hot dogs and nachos and other random items being sold by Nugget employees, but I didn't see many people walking around with $4 nachos or $3 bottles of water, and the food fare was not very enticing to me, either.  In the end, it was not a spinning head (I was pretty responsible about pacing myself), but my grumbling stomach that eventually forced us to leave.  All in all a great event.  I will definitely go back, and I would definitely recommend it to beer lovers and beer rookies alike.  But please be sure to designate a driver or get a room!
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,4/28/2014,14,9,,4,2>Great prices and specials! Me and my friends think this is the place to go. Happy Hour runs 4-7; $1 draft beers can't be beat. When I go into a bar, usually the 1st thing I look for are TVs. The Corkscroo has great variety. Behind the bar are three big, wall-mounted TVs that can swivel your direction. There is a TV above the pool table, and a humongous projector accompanied by low tables. Whenever there is a game or event that you'd like to see, ask the bartender and they'll switch it over for you. Speaking of bartenders, they are all friendly and have speedy service. Cameron and Madeline are my go-to's, and I hadn't befriended them until I started going there. It seems as though the majority of the bartenders know most of the people that come into the Scroo. I'd recommend the Corkscroo over the Wolf Den, Little Waldorf, or Archies any day. If you're hungry, the Scroo is also connected to the Blind Onion that serves killer pizza.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2014,11/7/2014,19,14,8,10,8>Ernie C and Michael T are men of refinement, men of taste. When they both told me that my knowledge of Reno's taquerias was incomplete without a trip to Los Gallos, I had to listen. So, yeah I went, and yeah, they are were both right...it's amazing. As nearly everyone has noted, unless you are a huge fan of murals depicting Riña de Gallos, the decor here is nothing special. Lots of seating. Of course you'll want some tacos. Seriously, get some tacos. The al pastor is nicely done, the lengua satisfying and toothy, the cabeza is exemplary. Their carne asade is a stand out. It's flavorful, delicious, with just the right amount of char. The carne asade plate comes with rice and beans (nothing earth shattering here), lovely grilled onions, a little guac and thin sliced steak. Not the best in Reno, but in the top 3 certainly. While they do serve the standard ceviches, it doesn't seem to be their "thing." Los Gallos is about meat. Seriously, get meat. There is, of course, a nicely appointed chips and salsa bar with pico de gallo, a red sauce, a green sauce, pickled carrots, and radishes. The chips are fresh and you can serve yourself. If you are still with me, gentle reader, I've saved the best for last. The spicy chicken is not even really on the menu, it's on a kind of side menu, so that you might not notice it. But notice it, and order it, you must. It's grilled chicken chopped and slathered with a slightly tomato-y sauce (bbq?), and loaded with spicy sauce. Get it. Savor it. Use the provided tortillas to mop up the sauce. It is, indeed, somewhat spicy. It's distinctive. It tastes GREAT. They do not have iced tea, which is a shame. But otherwise it's a great place to watch some Mexican Variety Shows, people watch the folks strolling on Virginia, and eat some amazing food. Highly recommended.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2014,11/6/2014,161,52,4,11,7>Albita's... Oh how I've missed you!! It's been a long time since I've come in here, and for the life of me, I have no idea WHY!! This small unpretentious husband and wife owned hole in the wall place, has the best shrimp tacos I've EVER had!! Put your shirt sleeves up, and be prepared to experience the juiciest, tastiest yumminess to ever hit your mouth!! When you walk in you order at the counter, and then they bring you your meal. It's nothing fancy, but you'll feel like you've put the best tasting shrimp in your mouth... Seriously!!! I'm going to stop writing now, so I can stuff my face!!!   :-)
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2014,11/5/2014,72,29,1,10,9>Finally, great cocktails in downtown Reno! The bar owners are friendly and craft their cocktails with care. So if you're looking for a quick drink, you're better off at a dive bar.The atmosphere and music take you to a different place. You get the contrast of a classic but modern atmosphere with the old-school tunes. It's also a great plus that they care about keeping the place clean and neat.It's a great addition to the downtown area which was in great need of a cocktail bar.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2014,11/4/2014,5,5,1,3,5>Love it here!! Have been twice now and it just gets better and better!!! Beautiful, clean and relaxing. I have had the Tuscana facial, Swedish massage,  and the new Morrocan oil hydrating body wrap-let me just tell you, my skin feels like silk!! Plus, they do a personalized scalp treatment while your wrapped up in the goods. Everyone here is so nice and professional.  My Mom and I were able to use all the amenities and order lunch poolside. It was busy, but there was a concert in town and it was a Saturday.  I never once felt like I couldn't use anything because it was busy, this place is huge, so there are plenty of places to go and relax!! If you are local and sign up for their passport card, you get 20% off, which is huge!! They have monthly and weekly specials, so keep an eye out.  You will love it here and will never want to leave!
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,11/3/2014,56,58,5,5,7>I absolutely love coming here for sushi. It is excellent and totally worth it to get all you can eat. The fish is always fresh. Bryan, is the best sushi chef. He will definitely make you some insane and creative specialty rolls. I personally, LOVE the Sunflower Roll. It may sound strange because it has banana on top of it, but the sweet really compliments the hot siracha sauce and spicy tuna. It is sweet and spicy.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2014,11/2/2014,60,13,1,4,4>Dr. Baker has been my pet's veterinarian for 7 years now. She is attentive, responsive, and has a huge passion for pets. She spends ample time with me and my fur kids in the exam room, out in the waiting room, or even over the phone. She answers all my questions throughly. In all the times my fur kids got sick or needed routine exams, Dr. Baker has been great. Each time my pet has gotten better, which in-turn, made me feel better. Once I was out of the country scuba diving and my mom had to bring my dog by for an injury. Dr. Baker and her staff treated my dog and more importantly, my mother very well and with compassion. I would recommend Damonte Ranch Animal Hospital to all my friends and family.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2014,11/1/2014,20,78,1,3,5>I have eaten here several times since it opened and never been disappointed.  My go to seems to be the Gyro Wrap.  I know, I know, Gyros are generally done in a pita and this is a wrap.  But I am not going to get all technical when the flavors are good and this place does it right.  The ingredients are fresh and crunchy.  Today I had an order of red potatoes with a garlicky sauce also and was impressed by the bold flavor and simplicity of it all.  I really like this place and hope it stays around for a while.  It is nice to have an option for a quick and relatively healthy lunch in the neighborhood that does not involve the fast food chains or the highway robbery that is the food by the pound option at Whole Foods.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2014,10/31/2014,11,23,1,3,3>Fun place! Sort of tucked back away in a shopping center, but the coffee and food was excellent! We ordered a breakfast sandwich, berry turnover, a seasonal pumpkin latte and a cappuccino. Probably the best bagel sandwich I've had, it tasted homemade and had lots of fresh ingredients. The pumpkin latte was incredible, just the right amount of sweetness and spice. Turnover and cappuccino were also delicious, I could tell they were made with quality ingredients.Will definitely be coming back, this place is great!!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,10/30/2014,19,23,3,4,4>They're batting a thousand here!  Good old fashioned comfort food but in a contemporary way.  Great selection of beers on tap, good cocktails too.  Always a friendly greeting when you enter.  Chocotini makes a perfect dessert, says the wife.  The 8oz rib eye sandwich is great!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,10/29/2014,7,2,2,6,6>Great burgers. The Ernie's Monster Burger is a must try, but beware! It's more burger than most men can handle!Burgers do take time because they cook 'em fresh. If there's a line prepare to wait.All in all great place.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2014,11/17/2014,417,979,1,4,7>I've always had this place on the back of my mind...especially for Sunday brunch.  Just never made it out here to give it a whirl.  Finally had the opportunity and didn't regret a bite.  This is probably the best upscale restaurant in Reno that I've tried thus far.  We made a reservation on opentable...had no problem when we arrived.We got a booth and were given a traditional menu and also an iPad.  The iPad was brilliant.  You could scroll around and even look at pictures.  Every restaurant should have that option.  Fantastic.So we started off with 2 glasses of wine...one white and one red.  Both were delish.  Shortly after, they brought over our complimentary cheese bacon bread.  I was a little disappointed because the bread was quite hard.  I did love the concept.  Maybe a bad batch?As an appetizer, we ordered the oysters rockefeller.  It was a half dozen for $18.  They weren't anything to write home about.  Not bad...but not great.  I'd pass on these when I come back.  The house salad was fantastic.  It was wrapped with a tuile cooke...that was a first for me.  Great presentation.  Clam chowder was also tasty.  For our entrees, I got the filet, medium rare, with tiger prawns served on a bed of parm risotto.  The steak was cooked perfectly, tender, seasoned well.  The prawns were the opposite.  I could've done without em...overcooked and underseasoned.  The risotto was delicious although I did get quite a few uncooked chunks.  It was easy to overlook though because it tasted great.  We also ordered the sea bass with crab risotto.  I wasn't too much of a fan of this plate.  The fish was slightly overcooked which left it a little dry.  The risotto was very good but also had uncooked areas.  Overall, it was just an ok dish.  Service was a little slow at first but he picked up immediately.  Our waters were never empty.  The pace of the meal was perfect.  We opted out for dessert this time but that won't happen the next.  Great place for dinner...can't wait to try brunch.  4 stars.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2014,11/16/2014,117,281,1,8,7>I'll start off with a disclaimer: I grew up in an Italian family. We had meatballs and lasagne and sausage for Christmas dinner. I am an INCREDIBLY picky Italian food eater. Most time I leave Italian restaurants displeased with my food and wishing that I had just made my own. With Sardina's, it's a pretty significant complement to say that it's not bad.Start off *with* the bad: The restaurant has a weird ambiance. The downstairs has one table, which is also the entryway, and then you go upstairs where there are a few more tables. But it's just weird. Also, they have to find a good balance between the small plates of entrees (which are really too small), and the large plates (which are a decent size). It can be frustrating to someone to order a small plate and find out that it's REALLY small. Finally, texture seems to be an issue here. Their gnocchi is made from ricotta (definitely in the *good* column), but then when you combine that with a soft sauce you end up with a whole lot of soft and not a whole lot of anything else. The same can be said for the cheese ravioli. Because the pasta is handmade (definitely a plus), the soft texture is almost indistinguishable from the soft texture of the ricotta filling. For the good:The server was super friendly and helpful. I think he had the whole restaurant to himself and he managed to do a great job of taking care of his tables.The sauces were super flavorful and (a complete pet-peeve of mine) not watery. I hate when you pick up the pasta with a fork to find a puddle of water underneath. Yuck. The pasta was well-cooked and made in-house. Awesome. The fresh mozzarella sticks were a great take on an old bar classic, and the house wine was a really good wine for the price. My mother-in-law had the butternut squash ravioli and continue to talk about how delicious it is and how much she loved it.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2014,11/15/2014,108,55,2,11,7>I am working this week in South Reno and decided to head over to Yosh's for lunch. I have been there before and they never disappoint. Yosh's is located on Foothill Blvd across the street from Winco on South Virginia. It is a cute place with a very clean, fresh atmosphere. Upon entering I noticed a very long counter with a refrigerator case in the middle. To the right on the wall behind the counter was a rather large menu board.Today I had the half smoked tri-tip sandwich and salad. Just the right amount of food for lunch. I felt satisfied but not weighed down afterwards. The meal arrived quickly and looked appetizing. The house salad comes with croutons, cranberries, candied nuts, tomatoes, caramelized onions, and cucumbers and is served with shallot vinaigrette on the side. The sweetness of the nuts and cranberries were complimented by the tangy flavor of the vinaigrette.Yosh's has a variety of bread to choose from including dutch crunch, pesto parmesan, sweet French, sourdough, and Swiss onion. The Swiss onion caught my eye as I had never heard of that before and when I asked the server what she recommended with tri tip, she also suggested the Swiss onion.  Great choice. The bread was soft like it had just come out of the oven and tasted wonderful with the combination of flavors in the smoked tri tip. The sandwich comes with grilled onions, havarti cheese and aioli. I was really taken with the creaminess of the cheese. I think I am a fan of havarti after this. I know I have had it in other things but for some reason, it really stood out in this sandwich. Another thing I was impressed with in this sandwich was the meat. The tri tip was so tender I could bite through each piece without pulling the meat out of the sandwich. There was absolutely no gristle.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2014,11/14/2014,279,192,7,10,11>Oh, school Bibo.  I love you so much.  Your coffee is great and inexpensive ($2.25 for a large to-go cup, free refills).  Your fancy drinks are equally delicious.  The folks who work here are friendly hipsters and not condescending hipsters.  You open relatively early (6:30 am on weekdays) and close relatively late (9 pm every day of the week). Seating is plentiful and comes in a variety of forms: indoor, outdoor, 2-person tables, 4-person tables, relatively hidden, relatively exposed.  You have two unisex bathrooms and both are always clean.  You have a frequent customer card and ten drink purchases earn one a comped drink.  Even more reason to love this Bibo location: as of July, they will be selling gelato! GELATO!  Be still my heart!  Why four stars rather than five?  A few reasons.  Most significant is the sparse food options.  Their bagels are delish, don't get me wrong, but other than cookies (plastic-wrapped but handmade) and baklava, there just ain't anything to nosh on here on the regular.  I saw fliers during the school year for a food truck that is parked here on some weekday afternoons, but come on, Bibo would be able to get so much more money from me if they sold, say, slices of cake or fluffy danishes.  Another issue is the parking.  I'm an adult now with cash and a moral conscience strong enough to deter me from parking in the Bibo parking lot when I need to dash on campus but am too lazy to park in my paid university parking spot.  I have the sense, though, that others abuse Bibo's parking lot when classes are in session, both in the traditional school year and in the summer.  It's only been twice that I've wanted midday coffee and have not been able to secure a legal parking spot in the lot, but each time it leaves me shaking my fist at Bibo.  I don't want them to have to take on the role of parking police, but still: when someone can't get coffee when they want to get coffee because there is no place to park, that's just not cool.  Bibo does not offer free WiFi, which may bum out some folks.  Meh, I say, that's what one's cell phone data plan is for.  Bibo scores high in almost every other criterion by which I judge coffee shops.  Oh!  And they also sell beer!
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2014,11/13/2014,99,68,2,9,8>What a wonderful date night! Hubby and I had the chance to steal away for a date night tonight and this was the perfect place to do it!First of all I loved the decor! Very chic, intimate and romantic. It was definitely a great way to spend an evening connecting and to kick off the weekend.We started off with drinks and this was probably the best summer drink I've ever had! It was called a Cucumber Lemonade and was served with fresh rosemary....delish! How did I not know about putting fresh rosemary in a drink? What a refreshing drink after a hot day! Hubby had the Melonade and he loved it (I do not like sweet drinks but of you have a sweet tooth...this was perfect!)We started off with the tomato and Brie soup....loved it! Great consistency to the soup with just the right amount of Brie.For the entree I had the Pesto Chicken with sun-dried tomatoes. This dish was so good I will definitely order it again. The only minor thing I can say is that it was a tad overdone but even with that it was a great dinner.Hubby won the entree war with pan seared scallops and grilled peaches! The peaches were perfectly grilled and fell apart on your mouth and the scallops prepared to perfection!Our entrees took a little while BUT it was wonderful to have such a romantic and fantabulous dinner! Definitely recommend for a night out.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2014,11/12/2014,63,58,5,11,8>Awesome find!!My wife has a sixth sense when it comes to finding culinary jewels in odd places. We were in town for a few days and just exploring the area when she got the urge to stop into this little Hispanic store-front in a somewhat shady-looking strip mall. The store was tiny and packed with tons of stuff from batteries to liquor. However, step a few feet into the place and you move beyond the store, into the meat market and fresh grill. Oh man! What this place lacks in ambience, it more than makes up for in food quality/quantity! If you want authentic latin food, tacos, burritos, etc.. and you don't mind cafeteria-style tables and a fresh meat display case in your face, you are in for a treat! We ordered a couple of burritos and gorditas, just to try the place out. The prices are super cheap but the quality is through the roof! I watched, in awe, as a little lady hand-made the tortillas for the burritos and gorditas and put them on the grill. The meat was very well seasoned and there was so much in each of the things we ordered, we were both stuffed miserably!! There is a small bar with sauces and fresh seasonings to add to your food, if you want. Forget about ordering a drink unless you want to be overly full or you have a bottomless pit for a stomach! This is now my default, go-to place for incredible food, ambience-be-darned!!
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,11/11/2014,126,122,8,14,9>I've been waiting to use my 100th review for a restaurant I felt was/is really special. And so I'm thrilled to be reviewing Zagol. Reno, that's exactly what this little hidden gem is: truly special. Now i'm no connoisseur of Ethiopian cuisine (I imagine there aren't many in Reno who are) so I can't offer anything as far as how it compares to other Ethiopian restaurants. What I CAN say, though, is that the food was a treat, the experience was eclectic, and the service was delightful. Here's what you NEED TO KNOW:1. You'll be eating with your hands/fingers so don't be a baby about it, er, okay maybe be a baby about it...hmm. What i'm saying is, you'll need to wash your hands before you eat and bring a CLOSE group of friends. Leave the weird roommate who hoards his banana peels and you suspect might have a crack problem..... at home. 2. The owner is the waitress is the hostess is the chef. So BE PATIENT and considerate. She's trying to make a very unique restaurant work in a weird part of town with little/no support. 3. Order the lamb and the chicken dish....especially if you're a fan of spiciness. 4. Be prepared for traditional Ethiopian music and decor. It's culture. Or have you forgotten what that is, Reno.... *tsk tsk*5. If you like Thai and Indian food, you'll feel right at home here. Lots of spices, curry-esque textures, a variety of meats. My friends and I agreed that if Zagol were in South Reno, it'd be packed all the time. Sure the location isn't the most desirable, but the rent is cheap. And when you're trying to make something work on your own, you have to make those concessions. So here's the deal: If you enjoy delicious and eclectic food, a snippet of culture, and a change of pace....then you simply must try Zagol.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2014,11/10/2014,33,49,7,10,7>Tonight I needed to eat my feelings and they tasted like a bacon cheeseburger. My husband called in an order at Juicy's and I picked it up on the way home. The place itself is a little dive-y. Nothing fancy, smells like fries. I didn't have to wait long. The price was reasonable for the size of the burgers and bags of fries.I burnt my mouth while sneaking fries out of the bag on the way home, so they were super fresh. And oh maaaaan were they good. I usually don't like thick cut fries but these are exceptional. They're very crisp and  taste like rainbows and magic. So, I get home, half a bag of fries gone, and we sit down to eat our burgers. So good! Craving completely fulfilled. This was one of the best burgers I've had in a while. The one and only thing I could complain about is that they didn't have pickles. Still though, SO GOOD. I like that they use cheddar cheese. Melty cheddar cheese on a burger is perfection. We all enjoyed our burgers. My  seven year old son... He's a bit of a cheeseburger fanatic and he said I should give it 1,000 stars.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,11/9/2014,381,562,5,12,12>Orange is the new black? Hick Hop is the new Country?Well for us...Thai seems to be the new Sushi.  We used to go to Sushi multiple times a week or at least once a week.  But now, it seems that Thai food has taken that spot.  So this week we wanted to try out the new second location for Lanna Thai Cafe.  This spot has housed a few different Thai places in the past and now Lanna Thai is taking on the challenge of making Thai successful up here off Caughlin Ranch Pkwy.We met up with Erica T and Dale G for a nice relaxing evening and it really was.  The place is still in the early stages of appointment so not much is on the walls, but they did have some stacks of decorations sitting about, waiting to be put up.  The round table we sat at was nice and could easily hold a party of six.  I really like these larger rounds where people can converse with everyone instead of just the person in front of you.We were seated, watered and menued promptly and were given ample time to check out the menu.  We broke down the menu by meats and ordered up a pretty good variety.  Black Pepper Stir Fry with Seafood, Pork Pad Thai, Green Curry with Chicken, Beef Basil and a bean thread noodle dish with shrimp.  I made the mistake of ordering 4 star spicy.  They were just slightly too hot for me.  Most of the flavors disappeared behind the heat.  3 stars next time.  A few beers were ordered as well as my wife's requisite Thai Iced Tea and a glass of pinot grigio.  You will have to check out their reviews because I didn't taste those drinks.  My beer was good though.  Singha is the Thai beer and it's pretty good.The service was nice, but as they are still working on getting things up and running it may have been a little much for the amount of people working.  The prices were reasonable and flexible.  If you wanted seafood on most dishes it was gonna be $15 but you could opt for the less expensive pork or chicken for only $10.  So this is a great place to take people with differing food budgets!The vibe was different from the downtown location.  But after they get the decorations up and things dialed in, it might just attain that same chill vibe.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2014,11/8/2014,183,76,15,15,14>Someone once told me that good coffee transcends space and time. That you can jump between events in your life and the future simply by cradling a hot mug of coffee near your face--drinking in its aroma. I think we can all agree that's a whole lot of BS and flowery nonsense. But a good cup of coffee should brighten your day and put some pep in your step.As much as I love coffee I don't get all precious about it. I take my coffee black. I think it should taste like boiled pine needles and roofing tar. It should be so black you can't see past the coffee oils floating on top. Every sip that takes you closer to the bottom should only reveal more murky depths of black coffee and bold flavor. When I bring that cup to my mouth I want to stare into the abyss.When I stepped into Homage today, that is what I found. Murky depths, People. Murky depths and bold flavor. The floors creaked underfoot as my daughter and I made our way down the narrow hallway to the heartbeat of this cool little bakery. The aroma of baked goods and ground beans dragged me in off the street. I love this little bakery so much. I want to retire here. I want to have a destination wedding here. I want to change my address and get my mail here. I want to lounge in the front yard and eat snicker doodles and pound coffee. On this particular trip to Homage I ordered an Americano. Not a huge change in my ordering habits, but a change none the less. It was brewed well and I could taste the roast. I barely waited till my Americano was a drinkable temperature because years of drinking scalding hot coffee has helped me build up an immunity to the heat. And spicy things. And things in general. Anyway, I actually could taste this coffee. It was bold and beautiful and made me feel like I could take on the entire Cobra Kai dojo.Do yourself a favor. Next time you're at your local coffee digs--when asked if you'd like room for cream simply reply, "No thank you... I take my coffee black." You will not be disappointed. Well you might be. I honestly don't know what I'm talking about. You should probably just order your normal beverage.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,1/20/2014,8,103,,3,1>Very nice.  They pamper you as if you were royalty.  I was a bit taken aback that they automatically figure in a 20 percent tip but was told I could change it if needed.  (that's STILL intimidating). The service was excellent and soothing and the tip was warranted.  The pool area is relaxing and great for the skin and sinuses as it was quite steamy yet not uncomfortable.  I was told that with any spa service, you have access to the spa anytime that day.  A bit pricey compared with local establishments but you get the use of the spa....
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,1/19/2014,40,45,,2,1>I found my heaven of cheese! I was lookin for Sheeps milk cheese with truffles and they had something very similar. They let us taste so we can make our own platter and have us advice on type of wine to pair them with! I think they will need more sitting space very soon! Great staff, very knowledgable! I want to make my own cheese and they have a book for it!
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,1/18/2014,107,10,,5,3>For a grocery store, Carniceria La Chiquita is the best place in town for pre-seasoned meat and all your food needs.  Their pricing meets or beats all large grocery chains.  They are locally owned and operated.   If you like making your own carne asada - La Chiquita has the best, ready to cook in town.  Additionally, they have a deli where the horchata is unbelievable and a wide range of tortas and other great menu items.  Staff is great, butchers on staff are experts, clerks are fast and friendly, and the place is clean and bright.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,1/17/2014,21,14,,1,1>Hiroba is my favorite sushi place in Reno.It starts with friendly staff that greets everyone on the way in and out of the door. The menu has lots of different offerings, and food gets served quickly after being ordered.Sure, it's busy and usually a long wait... but it's defintely worth it.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,1/16/2014,24,105,2,4,3>Without a doubt this is the best Thai food I have ever had in Reno, and it is close to being the best Thai food I had anywhere.  As Kara mentioned in her great review, the spring rolls are fantastic.  What a delightful touch to find a large shrimp still warm from cooking in it, that is a fresh spring roll.  The tables are odd, the 2 tops are long and narrow but at least there is room for more than one entree so I won't complain.   I ordered the Orange chicken and it was just heaven, perfectly cooked chicken with some kind of amazing combination of spices that left me saying "wow".  I could eat that every night for a very long time without getting tired of it. My husband ordered the salmon, and it was a good sized portion of correctly cooked salmon but the vegetable accompaniments  on the plate were fairly mediocre, his reaction.. "hey can I have some more of your orange chicken?" A pleasant young man served us and told us he is the son of the owner. The place was fairly empty and service was a little slow but when we received the food and realized that this is not 'steam table' Thai food we were glad to have waited. I want to go back at least once a week until I have tried everything on their menu. Yes, it is THAT good =)
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,1/15/2014,44,31,,4,2>We had a wonderful dinner here. Plenty of healthy options. I usually think that means that the flavors will be bland, but Great Full Gardens negates that quite well. My wife had the raw power bowl with Quinoa, I had a Sea Bass Special. Both were quite tasty. We topped it off with the banana split waffle - left very satisfied and with leftovers. We were happy to see this place hopping on a Monday night.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,1/14/2014,93,62,,3,1>Yummy bbq, good service.The "kick ass" fries are SO GOOD. I will probably just order those as a meal next time. I only deduct a star because my pulled pork was a bit on the fatty side, whereas the pork on the fries wasn't fatty at all. And I wasn't a huge fan of the mac and cheese or the corn bread, so I will try different sides next time. The medium sauce is really good, too. Looking forward to trying more at BJ's!
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,1/13/2014,92,49,,4,1>this is the most eclectic store in our area.  Lauren has a great selection of tie dye, costumes, wigs, and boots.  She also carries lots of "Burning Man" oriented goods, much of which is also useful for camping and any project on going green. (talk to her about solar ovens...)  She is a supporter of the themed crawls, carrying costumes that are related to them, and the cups.  If that is not enough, she supports SEVERAL local artists, selling their goods as well.  You literally never know what you are going to find when you walk into her store...  As a side note: I buy  tied ye onsies and socks for babies every time someone I know has a baby....lol
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,1/12/2014,26,8,,4,2>I'm gonna have to give them a 5 for this one. Ok, the atmosphere is cheap chairs, cheap tables, but what they do is serve DELISH food for cheap. I haven't had any of their sandwiches yet, but I have drooled at the ones others have ordered. I have tried 5 different salads of theirs so far and every one has been good. All of their ingredients are fresh, and their salad dressings are YUMMY. They've got salads figured out. And to have as many options as they do and to hit every one spot on is really impressive. This is definitely my goto place for salads. I find myself recommending it to everyone who asks about grabbing a salad in Reno. You can't go wrong with Michael's Deli.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,1/11/2014,17,15,,4,2>My favorite place in town! It seems that every time my husband and I go we order the wood grilled burger and then whatever is new. There is something really special about the burger cooked medium- the meat is soft and succulent- toasty bun- just the best. The Scallops are also amazing and have never disappointed me. The pickled vegetables and devils on horseback from the starter plates are flavorful fun- go for happy hour and pick 3 for $10.This is my first recommendation for travelers who appreciate well curated ingredients and a farm to table, vintage style hospitality, comfortable dining experience without glitz. It's all about the FOOD at this restaurant!Also, one time I had a less than par piece of pot roast- told the owner about it- and received a generous giftcard asking me back to try again. They CARE. Which is a huge deal in my book.LOVE the patio seating when weather is nice.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,5/18/2014,99,68,2,7,4>Great place for dinner and especially drinks! We have visited here several times for a drink before the movies (right next door) and are always impressed with their martini and specialty cocktail selection.  Personal favoritedrink is the German Chocolate with fresh coconut...so Delish!Anyway we had dinner this past Friday night and I was really surprised at how much I enjoyed it (not sure why)!! Started with the Caprese Salad...OMG it was topped with chocolate pepper! Huge fan! I wasn't sure I would like that combination...now I never want to eat it any other way.  My hubby started with Broccoli and Cheese soup he wasn't as thrilled.  I had a little taste and I am not sure if it was an off night for the soup but it didn't taste like broccoli and cheese soup (still good).Steaks came out perfectly timed and prepared! Awesome service....never had an empty glass and was very attentive.  Great romantic night out!
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,5/17/2014,544,272,13,9,10>When someone says "I'll meet you halfway," it generally means that they are NOT willing to meet you midpoint.  In my experience, "I'll meet you halfway," means "No, your curfew is still 9:00 p.m., you still don't get an allowance, and you cannot go see a movie with a boy unless I chaperone."  These early life lessons force me to regard anyone who says "I'll meet you half way" with the utmost distrust (Mommmmm... I'm lookin' at you!).But, "I'll meet you AT the Halfway"... That's a different story!  Now we all know that East 4th Street is scattered with tremendous sights.  But if you tear your eyes away from the lovely ladies and the well-manicured lawns for just a moment, you will find that Casale's is the brightest gem on the block.  The pizzas here are the quite possibly my favorite indulgent lunch.  They are small enough that I can crush a whole one by myself.  This isn't to say they are small, but rather the kind of delicious that will make you keep eating even if you're full.  It seems like the pizzas are exactly the size of a frying pan, which begs the question- are they made stove top?  If yes, I love it.  If no, I still love it.  After lunch, yeah, you may find me at my desk, reclined in my chair, self-administering a digestory (is that a word?) belly rub.  But that is merely testament to the tastiness! So Mom, want to meet me Halfway?
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,5/16/2014,6,13,2,10,4>Pro's: The quality, the freshness, The DuckCon's: Maybe the seating, but not much else.Nit-Picking: Maybe a pony-tail for the chef's long hair instead of loose?Bottom Line: GoThe Details:It will be hard for me to return to Bowl and not have The Duck, every time. Although there are other great sounding items on the menu...maybe I will talk a friend into ordering those so I can taste them and still have The Duck. But who would deny The Duck to a friend?  I've never been a huge duck fan. It's not like I see it on a menu and have to have it. I've had it a handful of times and it was ok. I never met a duck I wanted to see again until The Duck.  It was crispy crunchy on the outside and the meat had flavor that was deeply flavorful. Served over polenta, a personal favorite, with sliced-thin baby white turnips (lovely way to temper the flavor of a turnip - this way they are not over-powering) and chard that was beyond al dente, nicely limp but not too wilty. This dish at Bowl was terrific. What else could one want but for this meal to be served in a table-clothed dining room with cool servers? But that's not what the owner meant it to be, clearly. It is what it is, with find your own seat, so be delighted by true deliciousness and enjoy. I have to give it 5 stars because it is clearly exactly what the owner meant it to be and it is awesome.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,5/15/2014,44,34,,7,4>My co-workers always stopped by here when they surprised the staff with donuts. One day it was my turn to get a dozen, so I stopped in and chose 12 random donuts. The guy was super friendly, added "an extra here and there" (maybe cause it was later in the morning/early afternoon?) and the donuts were great! I think I paid about 9 bucks for a dozen (actually 14 donuts with the "extras"). They also bake cakes, wedding cakes, etc. The donuts were awesome; real fresh, flavorful and delicious...I mean, it's not hard to screw up a donut!I live in Spanish Springs, but I'd definitely make the drive to come here on the weekends!
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,5/14/2014,23,46,2,5,4>Last night was my first time here and I can't wait to go back! Don't let the outside of the building sway you, it does look pretty cheesy... but inside is so quaint and nicely decorated. It is a very clean and friendly atmosphere. I have been to 2 other VERY popular thai restaurants, and this one trumps them both. We started off with the chicken satay appetizer, which was served with a tabletop grill to keep the kabobs warm. Since we also shared a medium crock of Tom Ka Gai soup, it was nice having the "grill" there to keep the chicken warm. The flavors of that soup, oh I was in heaven. I have had coconut milk soup with chicken at other places, but the lemon and cilantro really make this something else. I love that they serve it over a flame, to keep it warm as well. For the main course, I had the Drunken Noodles. Very good, but it is a bit spicy (as indicated on the menu). I like spicy so it was all good for me! My friend ordered the Thai Spaghetti and I sampled it, also very good. If you like chicken satay you will like this, it's served with the same peanut sauce. We were stuffed and both had to take home half of our entrees. The staff was also super friendly and attentive. I'll be back VERY soon!!!
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,5/13/2014,10,32,,3,1>I love The Niche Boutique! I know I will find something unique and stylish every time I go there. I always have to set a budget for myself before I go into The Niche because I know I will want to take home so many goodies! The home decor is adorable and I love that there are new things constantly being added to The Niche.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,5/12/2014,20,21,,3,3>The folks here are just the greatest people, love spending time here drinking a few beers and enjoying their company and a few laughs. The owner is a super good guy married to an incredibly warm and sweet lady. All the bartenders are funny, wicked smaht (remember the accent is required when reading that) really enjoy these people and this place.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,5/11/2014,40,174,,7,1>My husband and I recently discovered this place when we moved to this side of town last year.  We were craving Chinese food one night and found this place located across the street from one of our favorite pizza places.  We have never eaten in the restaurant, but have gotten food to go from there quite frequently.  The menu is surprisingly large and there is quite a variety of options to choose from.  One of the things I liked the most is that each of their dishes is just a little different from what you would usually find.  For instance, their salt and pepper chicken actually has jalapeno pieces in it and it's not covered in a sauce which is nice.  I had a bit of my husband's pineapple fried rice and found it quite intriguing.  The mix of sweet with more typical Chinese flavors was delicious.So far, I haven't found anything on the menu that I dislike.  Every time I've gone to pick up my food, it's always been ready in the time-frame they give and the wait staff is extremely nice.  This is definitely a place to go if you are looking for good food!
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,5/10/2014,31,174,,3,3>The food and service were both great. Food came out fresh. We had salsa verde tacos which were really tasty. Although I would ask for them without the pink sauce they put on the top. The pupusas were smaller than I'm used to but they are one of the better ones we've had in Reno. Not much for a view while in here but the food makes up for it. A small dish of complimentary chips and salsa was a good way to start the meal. The salsa had a nice roasted flavor with a bit of heat, not too much that the wife wouldn't eat it. The salsa verde on the tacos was really good too!I'll be keeping this place on my list for the next time we have a taco craving. The verde burrito sounds good too. Only thing I'd like to see them add would be some beer selections.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2014,5/9/2014,4,26,3,6,4>Love the location, I've always liked sitting outside and daydreaming of living in the Methodist church across the street. Seriously. Plus it's next to food and the theater and the river and the parking garage, so it's a fun spot to hang out.Despite the horrific "art" hanging inside, it's a fairly spacious place with a funky interior decor scheme that kind of makes one feel as if you're in a hipster's vision of what a coffee place should be. It would be nice if it had more seating inside.The service is mediocre at best. The staff is regularly gloomy, because obviously they're too cool to care about customer service in the first place.  However, the crowning achievement is, of course, the coffee. My favorite thing (what I always get) is the spiced chai latte, which I was quoted as describing back in 2006 when I had it the first time, as tasting, "like the sweet, hot tears of a thousand singing angels." I've been to Chicago, NYC, Seattle, etc. and it's the best chai latte I've ever had. Their other stuff is very good too and priced at about the same as Starbucks with better quality coffee. I've had one of the sandwiches too and it was decent, but not extraordinary.If you want good coffee, don't mind maybe not being able to sit and don't expect great service, then this is the coffee place for you.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,4/16/2014,188,210,1,9,6>Thai food should be delicate, light and flavorful - and this is exactly what you can expect from Lanna Thai.  My BF and I came here late on a Tuesday night and we were the only ones in the restaurant.  Not wanting to keep them open later than they intended, we asked if it was too late to be served.  Without hesitation, the host insisted that we stay and enjoy a private dinner.  It was lovely!  We started with the spring rolls which were the freshest spring rolls I have ever had, most certainly rolled to order, and absolutely delicious!  We then ordered a papaya salad and two of their special dishes - a beef curry dish and a shrimp dish.  WOW.  Each dish was better than the next.  The shrimp were some of the largest I have enjoyed in Reno and the curry was perfectly balanced and unexpectedly light.  Amazingly, we polished off 3 beers and 4 dishes because everything was just that good!  I love thai food and this is most certainly my new favorite!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,4/15/2014,120,179,,9,3>As a teacher, I love supporting the "under dogs" and Grassroots seems to be the 'little guy' when it comes to books as compared to Barnes and Nobles or even Amazon. Here was my experience with this business: 1) ordered class set of Divergent for my students and they gave me a great teacher discount. 2) didn't have the goods ready for pick up time. 3) second time around, books were delayed again which equaled angry me and disappointed babies (my students) 4) they apologized profusely, delivered the books directly to my school as soon as it came in, gave me the publisher's cost so they made no profit on the sale, and also gave me $50 in gift certificates5) I once again adore this business. 6) they also have warehouse events where people can walk out with boxes of decent finds! My students loved the free books! 7) the place has a strange odor to it but one can get passed that because the staff is friendly and everything is fairly priced. The End.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,4/14/2014,144,209,,4,4>Delicious! We went there last night for dinner. We are very un-cool so we got there around 5:30pm so the place only had 2 tables filled. The bar is very cool. Kind of made me want to go out and order a gin....Great Service. Scott our server was completely charming. Wine isn't too pricy. We ordered the delicious and tasty Arugula Salad, Osso Bucco, Classic Burger and a creme brûlée for dessert. Wow! Have to go back for breakfast.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,4/13/2014,5,8,4,11,8>I heard all the rave about the Hub from Yelpers, and today was the day! I visited the Hub after my friends and I had lunch at Créme Cafe (on St. Lawrence Ave). I have seen pictures of the Hub and how small the interior is, but that's not why I give this place five stars. The employee greeted me and my friends right as we entered, so it made us feel welcomed. Also, the instant you walk in your senses will be bombarded with the scent of good coffee!There are limited seats in this place, so you gotta be quick. Or you can always chill outside where there are a good amount of chairs and tables, also a picnic table, on a marvelous day. (You can only get so lucky with Reno weather.)She, the employee, brought out our drinks in no time and they looked phenomenal. The coffee art gets me hyped up, which is expected after looking at all the pictures that have been posted. The service we received was great; she was running the place by herself, and efficiently, too. The other great thing about getting coffee at the Hub is that you get to pay for what you ordered after you've finished, just like you would at a restaurant. I'm really glad that my expectations were met after I left. In fact, I feel like they exceeded my expectations! I can say that I definitely was not disappointed.Please come here! The employees will treat you with care and generosity and the coffee is magnificent, strong, and affordable. Where have I been this whole time?
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,4/12/2014,58,211,,12,6>Mario's Portofino has become our new favorite Italian restaurant in town both for lunch and for dinner.First off, what I love about lunch here is thata) The food is goodb) The food is well pricedc) The service is greatd) Proper table service (linen napkins, etc)The menu items for lunch are different than dinner (I'm not a fan of places that just charge your more for the same exact meal because it's dinner) and they are DELICIOUS.  They are being made fresh with fresh ingredients, even at lunch, and it shows.   We had a fantastic lunch for two for less than $20 and the quality was top notch!Now onto dinner, there are many reasons we love this place for dinner.First off the service is really good, we've had the pleasure of Stephanie being our waitress and she does a great job.  One thing we like is that it seems that everyone that works here has actually tried all the food, so when you ask them "How does this taste" or "Would I like this" they can give you an honest answer about taste and texture - this is huge.   Secondly, the ability to articulate the details of the meals is huge, and they do it well.  Usually you will find yourself drooling after they explain the specials for the evening.They have some amazing salads, one has these lightly fried (and I mean lightly) goat cheese balls on it with mixed greens and an amazing dressing (of which I can't remember the name) and it is SPECTACULAR.Also, I'm a huge fan of gnocchi.    My first time I was at Marios I decided to do gnocchi with the white sauce (Gorgonzola I think).    Then, on our next visit I had tortellini with pesto for lunch - this was REALLY good.     So this last time I was at Marios I asked if they could do the gnocchi with the pesto.   Stephanie let me know that they could BUT, it's even better if you do 1/3 pesto, 1/3 gorgonzola and 1/3 marinara sauce and then mix it together.   This is what I went with and when the order came out, the presentation was beautiful.  Now interestingly the color of the 3 sauces happen to match the colors of the Italian flag (I'm sure they figured this out a long time ago), and each sauce with the gnocchi was good.  However, once you mixed everything together you had this truly amazing flavor that at the moment, is indescribable.Now that I'm off my gnocchi-love-fest - the rest of the meal was equally fantastic.   They have great apps (bruschetta that is actually on nice crunchy bread), amazing salads, homemade lemoncello and amazing cheesecakes for desert.We will definitely be back - Marios is awesome!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,4/11/2014,133,146,3,7,3>If you get easily overwhelmed by menu choices, Newmans Deli may not be for you. I've been here a few times, so because I didn't want to be that weirdo that I usually am who becomes completely incapacitated when I have too many choices, I checked out the menu online.One small thing I always love about this place is that an employee opens the door for you when you come and leave. It's just a little touch that seems so friendly. Also, you really don't want to come here at noon. 11:30 is usually ok, but noon = mega line, which gives you more time to look at the menu, but it's written so tiny on the chalkboard that you won't be able to read it unless you have laser eyes, which you may have.Everything I've had here has been de-lish. It's a great place to come for a sandwich or a salad, and the portions are a good size. My favorite sandwich so far is the Turkey Sonora Melt, with turkey, jack cheese and guacamole melted on jalapeno jack bread. On the lighter side, the Hearts of California salad is something I could eat every single day. It's fresh and organic, and will fill you up for the rest of the day. None of this salad nonsense where you want to eat your arm off come 3pm.Parking is usually pretty easy, but make sure you don't park in any of the Wild Orchid spots.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,4/10/2014,300,454,4,7,5>March 1, 2014 Saturday - breakfast 9:00 AM2 adultsAtmosphere - 5 starsFood - 5 starsService - 5 stars Background - My wife had a pedi in the area so we decided to have breakfast before her appointment.  She is also trying to be gluten free this month so Yelp helped with finding this place.Atmosphere - A small cafe in a repurposed laundry, can you guess what the business was called?  I ain't telling.  Clue the history of the former business is on the back of the menu.  I love reading stories like that.  Food  Drinks - Water for me, I had three cups of coffee at home before we left.  The menu does indicate that coffee is locally roasted.  Appetizer - none today.  My Main Course - I had two egg tacos.  They use corn tortillas which help make this meal gluten free.  The black bean salsa is black beans and corn.  Then you have some fresh avocados on top.  Those two tacos went down so easy.  I could have eaten four.  But instead I stole half of my wife's breakfast.    My Wife's Main Course - My wife wen with the scramble.  They have several choices to add to your scramble and get to select three of them.  My wife went with sausage, mushroom, and tomato.  The scramble also came with potatoes and sweet potatoes.  My wife ate a majority of them, but I got a few.  I love that mix of regular and sweet potatoes.     Dessert - I do not see getting dessert after breakfast.Service - Walked in a greeted by our waitress.  It was helpful, friendly and fast.    Future - Oh yeah we love to come back.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,4/9/2014,281,194,5,8,6>Had a fantastic lunch here!  To save time, we sat in the bar area.  There are two or three nice private booths in the bar so don't hesitate (unless I'm there first).First we started with a half order of escargo.  Two words - duh-lish!!!  It is my favorite escargo on the west coast and I get it every time I come here.  So tender and loaded with butter and garlic for dipping bread...  Love it!I had the Catfish and sweet potato lunch special and my friend had a grilled salmon that was the special.  My catfish was sauteed in a lemon butter sauce with  capers and (I think) and was crazy delish.  The sweet potatoes were the perfect consistency.The salmon was fresh and cooked well - absolutely no complaints.I love the food, the service wasn't awesome, but wasn't horrible either.  Would be five stars except for the location.  Hey - it works on St. Patrick's Day, but sucks every other day.  Keep up the good food and service!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,4/8/2014,142,283,2,8,7>So, we're two years in now for Homage, and they've definitely hit their stride.  There's definitely a part of me that misses when this was the hidden gem, and the GF and I would be the only ones in there.Back in the summer of 2012, Homage flirted with a very ambitious brunch menu (see my previous review).  They weren't quite ready to maintain that back then, but now are running a lunch menu from 11 to 2, which is why we had stopped back this particularly Saturday.The GF and I still had memories of our brunch from 1.5 years ago, and were looking forward to it.  She ordered the croque madame ($12) that I had had back in 2012, while I had the curried Israeli couscous salad ($9).  The croque was slightly different than back then, but still fantastic - a great mix of sweet waffle, salty ham, savory egg, and a decadently rich, melted cheese to tie it together.  The couscous salad was composed of large, Isareli/pearl couscous on top of a bed of spinach.  Nice curry flavor, though the harissa that was provided as a dressing could have used a bit more kick.  We "shared" the soup of the day ($5), which was a red pepper bisque.  Good flavor here as well, though the GF didn't like the slightly chunkier texture.They've still got some nice beer choices, and I had a Mikeller Spontanwildstrawberry lambic with my salad - was a little disappointed with this beer since it was neither as tart nor as strawberry as I had hoped.  That being said, it seems like it'd be a great beer to be drinking on a warm spring day in the sun - very light and highly carbonated.As a note, they've started turning off their wireless Friday through Sunday, which makes sense with their limited seating.The only negative for Homage in my mind is the limited seating.  Whenever we go now (and that's generally on the weekends), you play the wait-and-pounce-on-seats-when-someone-gets-up game.  This last weekend, we ended up sitting on a couch with a coffee table, and sharing with two other folks.  Warmer weather should help with this as they've got some outside seating, and Nichole mentioned they're going to set up picnic tables along the south side of the building.  There's a part of me that wishes they'd get a bigger space, but I also get the appeal of their current space and the "boutique" atmosphere.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,4/7/2014,572,138,3,9,6>I was hesitant at first to review Rawr, because I'm neither vegan nor vegetarian. Then I realized I enjoy plenty of raw foods, and ended up being delighted, entertained, and utterly fascinated by this tiny island of haute cuisine located in the West Street Market.To start off we ordered a couple bottles of Kronenbourg 1664 Blanc ($3.00 each), a spiced, French wheat brew. It paired quite well with the creative dishes we were served by one of Reno's most talented chefs and his friendly assistant.The menu is organized into Garden (vegan), Sea (fish), Land (mammals), and Flowers (dessert). From the Garden we went with curried, pistachio-crusted "scallops" (actually scallop-shaped chunks of trumpet mushroom stalk), with sprouted lentils and a cardamom chia sauce ($10.00). The texture was very similar to a cooked sea scallop, but the flavor combination was earthy, tangy, and delicious. The sprouted lentil concoction was so good my wife wanted just a bowl of that.That is until she tried the avocado-jicama-yuzu tartare, served towering atop rapini leaves, held together with spicy chayote crisps, caramelized onions (dehydrated), and a cilantro-apple chutney on the side ($10.00). This dish was impressive both for its flavors as well as sheer engineering prowess in the construction. I'm still not sure what was holding the whole thing together, but it didn't take us long to demolish it. Of everything we tried, my wife loved this dish the best. There are many items from the Sea on this menu, but I knew I had to try a pair of Connecticut Blue Point oysters, topped with shiso (an Asian herb of the mint family), yuzu (a small citrus fruit with a flavor somewhat like lemon-lime), and pink peppercorn mignonette sauce ($3.00 per oyster). Although I did enjoy the oysters, I guess I'm a bit of a purist. I love fresh, raw oysters, and I think the complex mix of flavors detracted more than added to this bivalve. It wasn't bad at all, but the oyster's melody was a bit lost amongst the other notes.Having said that, the Nantucket scallop ceviche (combined with cilantro sorbet & jicama) was mind-blowingly good ($13.00). The acid of the marinade gave the scallops a texture somewhere between raw and lightly cooked, with all the flavors combining extremely well. When I return, that dish will be first on the list.By the time we got to Land, I knew I had to try the antelope carpaccio with indigo tomato chips, pickled mushroom, and calabrese pepper, served with dehydrated fennel crisps ($13.00). My wife, who enjoys a short list of raw sushi items, was not exactly excited about trying this. Yet, she was pleasantly surprised by how much she liked it. As for me, I was stunned by the buttery texture of the meat and the perfect composition of flavors. I didn't mind a bit that my wife only ate one slice.To finish we tried both of the available desserts. First, a plate featuring small wedges of Barinaga Ranch txiki (a semi-hard cheese made from raw sheep's milk), served with small clusters of red grapes and dehydrated onion & fennel crisps ($9.00). Next, two dainty balls of vanilla bean ice cream were served on a bed of thinly-sliced apple, topped with walnut pralines and a sprig of fresh mint ($7.00). Very refreshing.The portions aren't very big, and I may have paid more for less food than I would normally be comfortable with. Yet, I feel like I came out way ahead in this equation. The experience & deliciousness was worth every penny, and the atmosphere was sophisticated yet casual. Want to impress a date? Take her to Rawr and she'll never forget you, although she might fall in love with the chef. It's a risk worth taking.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,8/9/2014,43,82,2,2,3>The name gives it away...a favorite and the folks here are fantastic. Love the outside seating during the summer and the warm hospitality year round!  Every pallet will find a flavor if grape and you will love the nick-naks around the store.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,8/8/2014,32,6,2,3,2>Thank you for the amazing lunch! My daughter and I shared the Hand Salad and Grilled Cheez, and everything was so fresh and unbelievably delicious! They packed so much amazing flavor and texture into every bite. The service was really friendly and fast, and we will most definitely be back again and again! Seriously some of the best and most creative food I've had, and incredibly healthy.... If you have taste buds you will love this awesome food-truck! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,8/7/2014,4,5,1,7,4>The staff is super sweet. I hate doing laundry at a mat but they make it as fun as it can be. The facility is clean and I love the super big washers and dryers. I just moved to reno from California and I thought it was super cheap. 4.50 for a 3 load wash. That's super cheap! And you get 10 min for a quarter on drying... I love it! They have a bar and snacks. Until I get a working washer and dryer I will always only go back there. The staff is always willing to help and is always around!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2014,8/6/2014,29,17,3,4,4>I love this place. It is delicious and I can actually eat it! Their food is better than food with gluten in it. I do not even miss gluten when I eat here. The jalapenos cheese rolls are amazing and so are the chicken enchiladas, waffles, pizza dough crust and loaves of bread, cupcakes, scones and red velvet donuts.. Thats what I trid so far. :)
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,8/5/2014,442,183,1,9,6>Had an anniversary dinner here last night, and it was fantastic! Our server was sweet, informative, and easy going. I wish I could of had a glass of wine, but it was a work night and I had to be up early the next day. The wine looked very tempting though.Appetizer: Chorizo Calamari - I usually love calamari, but maybe it was off that night because it was extremely rubbery, greasy, and too much batter. However, the entrees redeemed their rating...Plate 1: Prime Rib with Onion Rings - its definitely the most flavorful Prime Rib I ever tasted, lots of garlic, good amount of salt, and perfectly cooked Medium. Plate 2: Rib Eye with Baked Potato - Steak was nicely charred, and it came with with a huge potato, where they dress tableside with chives, sour cream, butter, and bacon. No dessert, but they looked DELICIOUS, maybe next time I would pass the appetizer to get their dessert.Love the atmosphere, and charm of this restaurant, its quite unique with its Southwestern flair of decor, but the service is top-notch!The servers KNOW the menu, and they actually get to KNOW you. Not very pushy at all. Overall this will be a #1 spot the next time I want a great time and great steak in Reno.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,8/4/2014,12,29,2,7,4>Had the chance to try the Mount Mogrits food truck this evening at Under the Rose Brewing. Grits and beer? That has to be a combination that has been around for a long while. It certainly hit the spot tonight.Had the cheddar rosemary grits with a kielbasa on top, and it was great. Looking forward to trying some of their other options in the future. One minor gripe - the person taking the orders didn't seem to know the menu. I asked a few quick questions about the food and she wasn't quite sure how to answer most of them.Next time I'm definitely trying a burger with a side of grits.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,8/3/2014,112,249,2,11,10>Now THIS is my new spot to get my nails done. Ashley Storey is very talented at what she does. If you show her something off of pinterest,  somehow she makes it better! I am so in love with my nails right now it's not even funny! The salon is beautifully decorated, the manager is very nice and it seems like the hairstylist is sweet as well. While getting my nails done, I watched the way they interacted with customers. I must say, these ladies take care of their customers and make each one feel special. This salon is what I would consider to be the definition of a hidden gem because it's actually located in the retirement home, but if your a first timer like I was the friendly staff up front will gladly point you in the right direction. You would think that with it being such a "lavish" salon that it would be more expensive, but I think that their prices are actually a little cheaper than other places.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,8/2/2014,176,206,6,8,7>I love the martini bar here. At happy hour there are over 102 martini options for the amazing price of $5 each. For me, that means I can get a really good buzz going for the awesome price of $10-15. Whenever we have out of town guests visit we come here. The price is great, and the live piano bar is a nice touch. It can get really crowded in here around happy hour, so we always try to come right at 4:30 to be sure we get a good spot. Some personal favorite martini options are: Chocolate Raspberry, Birthday Cake, Mojitotini, and the pink lemonade martini. Seriously, if you're in the El Dorado at 4:30 the prices and atmosphere can't be beat.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,8/1/2014,10,32,5,5,6>I love Beach Hut Deli...delicious sandwiches. Despite my love for these sandwiches, I always feel little guilty after eating one. Cream cheese, melted cheese, bacon...sorry waistline. Also...sorry wallet...this place is on the more expensive end for sandwich places, but they have a very quality product. PLUS, they have beer...so when you have to wait a bit for your sandwich because they are crazy busy, you can enjoy an Eye of the Hawk!They used to include the calorie count on the menu...eeeek...it's not there anymore however...I haven't decided if that's good or bad.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,7/31/2014,544,272,14,7,9>I just changed our wedding RSVP cards.  The used to read, so very tiredly:__Chicken  __Steak  __FishBleh!  For a person who is hell-bent on *never* wasting a meal, the proof of my RSVP card left my stomach less inspired than when I saw the very short list of things you are allowed to eat on the paleo diet.The card now reads:__Duck Confit  __Filet Mignon  __FishTwo out of three options just became more delectable.  But the point is, that we scrapped chicken for duck.  Why?  Because my venue serves duck legs confit, and nothing screams love louder than a salt-cured leg of dark meat cooked in its own fat... Nothing!So why would I order a burger just anywhere when Midtown Eats serves a duck confit sandwich? Why would I waste a meal?  I wouldn't.  #yolo.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2014,5/28/2014,170,213,,5,4>The other night a group of friends and I decided to have a get together here.  We provided our own food and bottles of wine and for $35 each we were taught a Monet water lillies painting.  The girl who taught the class was very knowledgeable and she did an amazing job.  The place is clean and located downtown.  It has its own parking lot which it made it easy to park.  The downside is that the "fun" factor isn't what you would get at Picasso and Wine.  If you are looking for more of a fun girls night with great music and atmosphere I would recommend P&W over this place.  The music they played was classical (which is very nice) but when you are out with girlfriends and want to live it up a little you want to hear music that is more upbeat.  I think this place would be great to have a children's art birthday party at.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,5/27/2014,105,130,,11,4>I had lunch here today and I must say, I am very happy with this place. We had AYCE per usual when we dine where there is sushi. The price is fair because I feel you certainly get quality sushi. Every roll we had came with quite a bit of fish and not too much rice, which is how my bf and I prefer it. We have been places where they stuff the rolls with more rice and less ingredients, which isn't very satisfying. The pieces are on the smaller side in comparison to other places, but they are packed with the fish versus rice. Our usual go-to sushi joint around here is Kitzmo, which I do still adore. This place is definitely a close second. Having gone here only once, I'm pretty confident in this one.Now if I can recall, I ordered the 11AM, Playboy, and Chelsea rolls. All were very good and very fresh. The playboy was impressive because of the variety of fish and just how much came with it. They definitely do not skimp on giving you what you ask for here. I totally dig that. Plus, all appetizers and a dessert is included with AYCE lunch and dinner. I was really full after those 3 rolls and an appetizer, but I had the tempura ice cream and I don't regret it one bit. It was soooo good! The service was really good as well. A super nice waitress and two cool dudes who make everything REALLY fast! One of them made a roll for us to share that was not on the menu and it was amazing. It was my bf's favorite out of them all. I recommended coming here today because of the fantastic ratings on yelp and I'm glad I did. We love our sushi and I have been waiting to try this place for a while now. I know this is going to be somewhere we go for sushi often. I say here and Kitzmo are the top 2 in Reno!
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,5/26/2014,94,403,,10,4>Great trail to take your dogs on.  It is mostly shaded and access to water is easy.  To the Joy Lake bridge and back is about 3.7 miles.  If you proceed under the bridge, the trail continues past some old outhouses to make the trek about five miles.  Lots of mini waterfalls to enjoy.  I've encountered some horses and a few bicyclists but the main crowd are hikers.  The grade is gradual but the trip back down is rewarding.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,5/25/2014,176,206,1,4,4>Hooray! Another awesome sushi restaurant in Reno.This place is brand new, and nestled in Sommerset.  The staff is friendly and attentive. The Nigiri is generous and delicious. Seriously though, the salmon nigiri is amaze-balls.Other wining rolls: The Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon Roll, the Sakana Roll, The Cherry Blossom, and Upside-down Shrimp Roll. Everything was great and the sushi chef was very attentive and made us all our food in a timely matter. I also enjoyed the fact that the sushi wasn't overpowered with sauces like some other places I've been to. The fish was allowed to be the rel star of the show. I'll be coming back here again soon for sure. Try them out!
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,5/24/2014,112,249,,7,5>I've lived next door to this place for a year and just now finally got the chance to eat here!The very first thing I loved when I walked in was I was greeted with a smile. Not just any smile, it was a GENUINE smile. Our server was really nice and our drinks were never empty. I feel like the food was reasonably priced and pretty good. I ordered the biscuits and gravy. The biscuits were a little too much for me, but I still enjoyed my meal. My son had the Mickey Mouse pancakes with a side of eggs and bacon. He devoured everything! My man ordered the eggs Benedict and said he enjoyed his breakfast too. I would recommend this place to anyone in need of a hearty meal and I would definitely come back to try some of the other stuff on their menu.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,5/23/2014,1,7,,4,2>We recently remodeled our kitchen and used Advanced to do our counters. I can attest to the fact that this company is top-notch all the way around.The ladies in the office were very patient with our endless requests for samples and our design modifications.The quote was fair and reasonable....the materials high quality....the fabrication precise and quick.The installation was done perfectly by the owner and was done with amazing speed and efficiency.I love my beautiful new countertops, and I'm very pleased we chose Advanced to do the job.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,5/22/2014,26,22,,6,3>I went in here late afternoon this past Tuesday. WOW!!! This place is GREAT!!! Yes fans a place in Reno I approve of. The service was not fast but what it lacked in alacrity it more than made up for with friendliness. The burger was FANTASTIC! Among THE best I have ever eaten. Great size, cooked exactly to my specifications. The fries were phenomenal as well.The prices are quite reasonable too. The place is a classic dive. Great old school vibe. Overall 9/10 only because 10 is impossible & you can not smoke inside. I will be back
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,5/21/2014,0,24,,5,2>Duck confit bruschetta with mascarpone melted on it.  Yum!  Three of us had the veal scaloppini piccata, the risotto with lamb shank and the old stand by, pumpkin sage ravioli with wild boar sausage.  All were excellent and very filling.  No room for dessert.  of course we will return when we want a special Italian meal.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,5/20/2014,10,23,,5,4>This is a new favorite little spot of mine. I stumbled across it a few weeks ago and it is now an establishment I visit at least once a week (but usually 2-3 times.) I LOVE their Blue Lady Black Tea with just a touch of Strawberry Green Tea (sounds nuts, but delicious!) My brother and I often make a brother-sister date out to this cute little orange building on Tuesdays and Thursdays (or whatever day we feel like having a "Tea's Day".) The price is pretty fair and I like supporting a small local business opposed to a big chain like Starbucks. They have free wifi which makes it an awesome study niche as well!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,5/19/2014,71,22,,4,2>We needed help getting our faucet fixed outside since its split during the cold winter months. Lamont came with a smiling face and was very friendly. He figured out where everything was right away and had no issues fixing it. And Allen's Plumbing was definitely affordable. If you want it done right and not pay arm and a leg, call Allen's Plumbing.What I appreciated the most with Lamont is his personality. He enjoys helping people and enjoys his job. And that shows through his quality work.We will be sure to recommend him to friends and family, and you should give him a call too.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,2/21/2014,23,46,1,5,4>Had a wimpy burger on my first visit, it wasn't wimpy at all. Delicious and so were the steak fries. I like that they automatically bring ranch as if their psychic powers told them how I like it :) On my second visit I had the breakfast burrito. It was big and tasty. I only ate half of it and took the rest to go & made it my next meal. I loved that they psychicly brought salsa and sour cream on the side automatically. This place just does everything how I like it! Including friendly staff, quick service and reasonable prices.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,2/20/2014,56,54,5,8,5>Okay first off I usually don't care much about my hair. I'm married and getting old, so you know... Second off I usually don't go to a Salon. In this case, my hair dude, Vasili moved to this salon after his old place sold last year. I can not say a darn thing bad about Vasili. He loves the SF Giants and knows the game, I love the Sf Giants. He loves the 9'ers, I love them. We both can talk about any sport or almost anything and getting a cut just feels like visiting with a friend. Best of all, he takes his time, does an amazing job and is reasonable, even after a nice tip.If you are looking for a great guy, give him a call.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,2/19/2014,58,236,5,8,5>I received "admission" (whatever we want to call it) to their Ladies Night - Bites and Bubbles class as a Christmas gift. I have never, ever taken a cooking class of any kind so had no idea what to expect. But with "Bubbles" in the title, I was pretty sure I would enjoy myself :)The class was on appetizers to serve with bubbly. I personally believe bubbly goes with everything. And I love small bite food so this was perfect!We made mini beef wellingtons (O.M.G), Goat Cheese Poppers (O.M.G.), Smoked Salmon Mousse Canapes (pretty good and I'm not a fan of salmon) and Chilled Champagne Sabayon (very tasty!) We also got instruction on making Caramelized Shallot and Bacon dip which was already prepared for us when we arrived to snack on with chips. This should really be called Crack Dip.  I'm not really a cook. Frankly, I get almost no enjoyment out of food prep at all. BUT, I do enjoy when the end product is enjoyed by others (if it's just me, I'd prefer to make scrambled eggs or a Lean Cuisine and be done with it). But making these apps in a group was fun and we all had a good time (had a fun group of ladies!) and I would say that I would definitely make these for a party (especially those mini beef wellingtons!)Plus they have a retail front and plenty of fun kitchen gadgets! The instruction was easy to follow and the instructor and her assistants were friendly and easy to engage with (ask questions.) So yes, I would even consider more classes if on food I would realistically make/eat. :)
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,2/18/2014,26,11,,7,2>I have been going to see Ricky for the past 3 years. As an archaeologist I put my body through a lot of physical strain. Three years ago my back felt the pressures of the stress and demands of my job. I started seeing Ricky weekly, then biweekly, and eventually down to once a month. The experience from the beginning through my monthly checkups has been exceptional. Ricky is professional and truly cares about the well being of his patients. One of the added benefits is the affordable price if you don't have insurance. I highly recommend Ricky and The Joint to anyone that need chiropractic care.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,2/17/2014,128,132,,10,8>Coffeebar is a good option for a coffee or a quick breakfast or lunch. I honestly don't care much for regular coffee but I'm a sucker for mocha. Their mocha is awesome, I'd say its in the top three that I've ever had. I tried their Giuseppe bar and their chocolate bread pudding on different occasions. Both were big enough to share and tasted great. Well worth the almost four bucks they charged for them. The service is superb. The employees are super nice and quick too. They do some pretty cool latte art that never seizes to amaze me. With exposed ceilings, modern paint colors, exposed brick, cool wall decor and a really cool looking chandelier, the place is inviting and fun to hang out in.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,2/16/2014,14,31,,6,4>Looks good, feels good, tastes good! It's rare I go some place and all my senses are satisfied. The place is small and has a kitschy urban feel and the staff is warm and welcoming and very knowledgeable about their goods. I had a custom scramble and the better half had the pot roast. We both had coffee and it's miles better than chains I won't mention.  Full flavored without the burnt taste :3 will be coming back to spend my art hours here.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,2/15/2014,39,101,5,5,3>These guys host our company Christmas party every year, and man, I'm surprised they let us all back in! They are troopers. Great bartenders, and awesome food! (Some of the best chicken tacos ever.) The cooks work really hard getting everything out hot and fresh for us. We are a loud, drunken crowd of random folks, and these guys are nothing but friendly and fun.Thanks guys, and sorry about the 6 drunk girl karaoke rendition of Beyonce's Single Ladies, complete with ass slapping. "Put your hands up!"
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,2/14/2014,130,231,2,8,9>I don't usually get all excited about dry cleaners, but Peerless is really great. I usually take my laundry home and wash it because we do not have a washer and dryer in our Reno condo yet. I had heard they do pickup and deliver at my condo, so I decided to check it out.  I bundled up my sheets and went by their place on Forrest. The young lady who waited on me was most helpful and got me all set up. They pick up and deliver at no additional cost. She was very nice and very helpful and walked me through the whole process. I got all set up with an account, handed her my dirty sheets and was promised delivery the next week. There would be a delay as it was Thanksgiving that week.That very next Tuesday my sheets were delivered all clean and folded in a big shopping bag with my very own personalized canvas laundry bag. Now all I do is put whatever I need cleaned in the bag, drop it off in the collection bin at the condo and they do the rest. For a king-sized set of sheets with four pillow cases it was $17 all nicely folded and delivered. Worth the cost of wrestling with them myself. I repeated the process with some slacks and sweater that needed dry cleaning and they came back perfect. The sweater was folded with tissue in it which was a really nice touch. I am very very satisfied with the cleaning and the price and the convenience.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,2/13/2014,2,26,1,4,4>If you're into supporting local businesses over mega-chains as much as I am, this is the place for you.I go there every work day and most weekends for an inexpensive cup of great coffee. The servers are really terrific and once they know you, you don't have to order, they know what you like.The current owner, Sarah is really nice and her staff is genuinely friendly and often, a kick. Really great to start your work day off with a laugh or nice conversation.Shortly after Sarah took over she had to deal with four employees (all siblings), who walked out over a disagreement with the former owner. It was tough to deal with and some people blamed Sarah for the short-staff situation which was unfair. "The Bean" has come back better than ever and I pledge never to darken the bath towels of Starbucks while my buddies at The Bean are serving.Long live the independents! Keep Reno money in Reno!!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,2/12/2014,114,105,1,7,5>Great menu, lots of flavor options.  I especially love the flavored wheat grass shots.  The employees are friendly and knowledgable.  My husband mentioned that he was feeling a cold coming on, and asked for a recommendation.  The clerk rattled off a couple of options including their vitamin content, and helped my husband pick a good cold-fighter.The prep area is all open, and you can see that only fresh ingredients are used, and the prep area is impeccably clean.They use an iPad for payment, so no receipts wasting paper.  I wish more restaurants would use technology in this way.Suggestion for improvement - the appearance of the store, while clean and bright, looks a little disorganized and unprofessional.  They have random baskets with random food items that don't really match their healthy/juicy persona.  For example, Nature Valley Granola bars - how about locally made Nature's Bakery Fig Bars or another healthier option?  Also, they have hand-written signs (marker on printer paper) for their merchandise taped to the shelf holding the merchandise along with a few ratty old magazines.  Coming from a retail merchandising background, I'm probably more sensitive to things like that than most, so that's why I didn't take a star away, but the nice little store seems to be begging for a bit of organization and spring cleaning!
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2014,9/8/2014,82,11,2,6,6>After hearing rave reviews from my fiancee about The Seed, I was excited to try for myself. I wasn't disappointed.As a Paleohead, I was used to consuming copious amounts of animal protein - bacon, bacon burgers, bacon and eggs, bacon with more bacon.  I was actually a bit worried that I wasn't going to be satisfied hunger-wise. But again, I wasn't disappointed in how filling the food was.  I had the daily special with zuchinni and kelp noodles. Awesome, great texture, and flavor. My only wish was that there wasn't more to eat. Ha!!   My fiancee had the sushi, which was REALLY goood!  Great balance of textures with the different veggies. The tamari dip went perfectly with it. And lastly we shared a smoothie to wash all the goodness down.  It was green and earthy, and sweet and wonderful.  We will be returning fo' sho'!
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,9/7/2014,74,19,2,8,8>It was Kentucky Derby Day and we were looking for a fun spot away from the casinos with our 7yo to watch the race. We were seated at a table right in front of their big screen with the volume turned up. I ordered a 24oz Stella and, noticed only after, that they had a lunch special of tri tip sandwich and 16oz 1554 for $10. When the waiter returned, I apologized for not seeing the special first, and without hesitation, he offered to allow the special with the beer I ordered. Nice!!!The tri tip sandwich was great! The barbecue sauce provided on the table is tangy, with a touch of heat. The rest of our party enjoyed their meals as well. It was our 2nd time there in five weeks and we look forward to returning.Service - accommodating and attentiveFood - fit the bill and appropriately pricedAmbience - casual environment and ideal for watching sports We brought our 7yo and he enjoyed it as well.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,9/6/2014,572,138,1,7,7>There are a lot of places to get a decent sandwich in Reno. So many, in fact, that if someone asks, "Where can I get a good sandwich?" the answer will likely be more about geography than anything else. Name a part of town and any longtime resident can tell you the closest place to get a good bite of lunch from a locally-owned purveyor of deli stuff. Then there's the short list of exceptional sandwich shops, those for which people will drive across town and willingly stand in line for something extra special. Paisan's Old World Deli & Catering is just such a place.I'd heard of Paisan's for years, even driving past it on occasion and thinking, "I really need to stop there someday." It wasn't until my wife and I moved across town that we finally stopped in for lunch, and we were instantly hooked by both the food and the above-average service. If I have to find something at fault here, it's that they're only open for breakfast and lunch Monday through Friday, closing at 3:30 p.m. I understand the catering side of the business keeps them busy on evenings and weekends, but I still hold out hope that someday they'll be open on a Saturday, even just once a month. Please?The secret to Paisan's success boils down to one of my favorite words: Family. Opened in 1995, the Angelis family is not just serving up tasty soups, salads and desserts, they've also lent their names to a series of "signature sandwiches" ($7.50) available on a choice of breads (sourdough, dutch crunch, rye swirl, nine-grain, and foccacia). From Jacob's Grilled Garlic Chicken (pesto, lettuce, tomato) to Noona's Pot Roast (horseradish spread, Swiss cheese, lettuce, tomato, red onion), there's something here you're going to like. Or love.Speaking of love, my wife has a fondness for Angelo's Hot Italian Meatball sandwich that borders on obsession. The core of this creation is the familiar combination of homemade meatballs and marinara sauce paired with provolone cheese and sourdough bread. All the ingredients are satisfying, but it's the way they magically seal the roll together that makes it special. Whoever heard of a meatball sandwich you can eat without wearing it? Angelo's is all deliciousness, no mess.Nonno Ben's Gourmet Sub (with salami, coppa, mortadella, swiss cheese) is great on any bread, but their sourdough is my choice of foundation. All of the breads served at Paisan's are above-average in texture and flavor, but the sourdough has that piquant zing and chewy crust that is often lacking at lesser establishments. And although Nonno Ben's sub is really yummy, I would literally drive from another city to get a taste of Sammy's barbecued garlic tri-tip on that great sourdough bread (with pesto, lettuce, tomato, red onions). The combination of garlic pesto with marinated and grilled beef tri-tip takes this western favorite to a new level. Paisan's tri-tip has become so popular with both deli guests and catering customers, they offer it pre-cooked and wrapped to go from its own refrigerated case next to the counter.The hearty soups ($3.50-$7.95) and wide variety of salads available ($2.50-$9.50) ensure that you could order lunch from this kitchen every day of the month and never have the same combination twice. Even with the busy lunch rush, orders stream out of the kitchen at a rapid pace, with indoor seating for perhaps 40 and several picnic tables out front. Don't have time to leave the office for lunch? Paisan's offers delivery service to your workplace. I haven't experienced an event catered by these folks, but their reputation is pretty solid. If you should happen to hire them for your event, I'd really love to be invited.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2014,9/5/2014,281,194,7,12,11>My favorite theater in Reno.  Love the location as it is downtown with all the action yet has easy, free parking at the garage a half block away.Because it's location, there are plenty of places to eat and/or drink before or after a show.  Just make sure you save your ticket for the parking garage.  What amazes me is that I have yet to see this place crowded.  Because of the parking, location, proximity to food and drink and plentiful seats, I'm going to keep coming here!  And I promise not to sneak in candy every time!
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2014,9/4/2014,15,21,3,4,8>I've been coming to this bar for a few years & it's been my go to bar on and off for the last two.  I love this place, despite its quirks & slight missteps.  They used to have an amazing craft cocktail menu, and I desperately hope for it's return.  However, even without the craft cocktails it's still a great place most days.  Most. Days.  Some times I come in and the crowd makes me run for the door.  Im not quite sure what it is that creates these weird crowds, but it's bad.  However, sometimes I come in and it's great!  The bartenders all know me and my drinks, they're fun & I'll spend hours just chatting with them.  Did I mention they're dog friendly?! Also, the patio is amazing and beautiful.   It's being said that they're getting a makeover soon, which os definitely needed, and I hope that all the old charm that got me here will return.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,9/3/2014,12,15,1,6,5>One of my top 3 lunch places in Reno. They're consistently on point. I've eaten here for 4 years or so, and I've never been disappointed with a meal. The tuna melt is delicious. I also love their grilled cheese and tomato bisque. Every meal is served with a tiny oatmeal chocolate chip cookie. It seems like they're always busy (for good reason), but the service is fast and friendly. Their new(ish) location has ample indoor and outdoor seating. Parking can be a real pain though in the midtown area.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,9/2/2014,71,22,1,6,6>We ordered to-go from Peluso's last week on a lazy Friday night. I read a few reviews from Yelp and it sounded like a place that was worth trying.And it was. Their 9" was the perfect size. We ordered the Chicken Florentine and my boyfriend ordered the BBQ Chicken. I wanted to try the Clam Florentine but I was a little scared. I like clams but I wasn't sure how it would be on pizza. I at least needed to try their normal sounding pizzas first. Next will be the Clam Florentine for sure.The crust was perfect. Not too thick, yet the slices weren't limping. The ratio of cheese and toppings were just right. I like that they used thinly sliced chicken which made the slices a lot easier to eat. The only reason why I gave them 4 stars was that the pizzas itself lacked flavor. It was a little bland and I had to add some salt on mine, this could also be by preference, though.We didn't sit at their diner but the dining area seemed a little small, but they do have outdoor seating which will help, especially come summer time. We live near this place so we are definitely coming back. We might have found our new go-to local neighborhood pizza joint.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,9/1/2014,68,60,1,3,5>South Reno is limited on good restaurants to needless to say, when I find one I like, I am there often.  If only I had checked in on Yelp every time I have been to Los Compadres.  Aside from when I am being really strict in my diet, we eat here at least 2-3 times per month.  It's sort of an addiction.  The lovely owner has given my kids a tour of the kitchen, we have ordered takeout for soccer parties, we have brought most out of town friends in...so, yes, I love Los Compadres!I tend to go for the seafood items.  I LOVE their fish tacos.  I make good fish tacos, but theirs keep me coming back!  The beans and rice are awesome and consistent (one thing I have learned to appreciate since so many restaurants are very hit and miss).  They have a medium and mild sauce that they bring to the table...the mild is perfect for the kids!  They get to enjoy the fun of chips and salsa, too!  We've tried most of the typical dishes at Los Compadres and all are really good.  No matter what you get, you won't be disappointed.  And, the margaritas...oh the margaritas!!!  Be careful...they will get you!  No skimping from these guys!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2014,8/31/2014,417,979,4,12,11>Kimchee bloody mary?!??!!!  Um...can I get a heck yes?This place was a breath of fresh air.  I loved the simple plate of food placed in front of me.  The service was also fantastic.  Super fresh food.  I ordered the sweet potato pancake combo with sausage and egg beaters.  The sweet potato pancakes were the highlight of the plate.  The texture was perfect and I loved the flavor combined with the syrup.  The sausage patty was locally homemade and delicious.  We also ordered the salmon benedict.  The hollandaise was perfect...not too thin and not to eggie.  The eggs were poached to perfection.  The salmon was cooked perfectly.  I was really curious about the veggie fritters and I'm glad they came with the bene.  It was basically broccoli mixed with carrots and egg whites...a healthy option that brought freshness to life on the plate.The bloody mary selection was awesome.  Can't wait to come back and try the verde one.  4 stars and a new breakfast spot to put on my list.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,8/30/2014,108,55,1,5,6>After reading the reviews and learning they have cheese curds I had been wanting to come here for awhile. I actually started to come for lunch one day by myself but got a little intimidated by the outside appearance. Today I went with my husband and will not be afraid to go back by myself. The bartender was super helpful. We ordered the cheese curds, a patty melt and a cheeseburger. He asked if we wanted the curds to start with while we were waiting for our burgers and he got those out to us pretty quick. I ordered iced tea and asked for sweet n low. He wasn't sure they had any so I said sugar was fine. He handed me the sugar then he and another gentleman searched for the sweet n low even though I told them it wasn't necessary. I was impressed that they went out of their way to try to accommodate me. I asked about their lunch crowd and he said it gets busier later in the week but if we didn't have much time we could call ahead.The burgers took a little while but we could see him cooking them so we didn't mind. I was afraid they might be overcooked but they came out fine, still juicy and the fries were seasoned with something like Lawry's. We were pretty full when we left. I am looking forward to going back and trying their wings or fingers and of course having some more curds.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,2/11/2014,35,39,6,10,11>I came here on a first date with someone. My date suggested we share the, " seafood voyage for two."  Well the name was the most romantic part of this dish. Imagine trying to be the best version of yourself while you are hunched over a bunch of crab legs like a Neanderthal with crab juice and butter running down your forearms. Not very sexy.  Although my date must not have minded too much because a year and a half later he proposed to me at this restaurant right after sharing this dish. Over a decade later, and we are still eating this dish here. Although the price has gone up slightly I have to say that you get a lot of seafood and we think it is a great value. The seafood tastes fresh.  There are not many children's options but the staff will bring you a menu from the restaurant downstairs to order from.  Ok so maybe I'm a bit sentimentally attached to this place, but I have to say I would highly recommend!
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,2/10/2014,109,173,2,5,4>This place is kind of buried in the El Dorado on the casino floor.  I never even knew there was anything back there.I had the Pho #1 - rare steak, well done brisket, fat brisket, tendon, and tripe (because if you're going to have pho, you may as well go all out).  My boyfriend had the General Tso's Chicken.  We shared the fried egg rolls and the fresh spring rolls.The pho was amazing and satisfied my craving.  The bowl is huge and even starving there was no way I could finish it.  The general tso's chicken wasn't anything to rave about.The egg rolls were a little overdone (they spent a little bit too long in the deep fryer), but not terrible.The fresh spring rolls were not my cup of tea - I would definitely not order these again.Overall, if you're looking for Chinese, go somewhere else, there a lot of places that do Chinese much better.  For pho, this is a good pick for a good price.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,2/9/2014,188,210,2,7,4>As a healthy food loving, gluten-free, self-proclaimed foodie, this is MY NEW FAVORITE place!  The BF and I split two tasty treats: I had the BBQ chickpea sandwich which included a delicious and moist homemade chickpea patty, avocado, red onion, cucumber, carrot, spinach, house-made raw bbq sauce all on a seriously delicious homemade gluten free bread - sooooo good!!  We also tried their ranch wrap which had the chickpea patty, tomato, jicima sticks, dairy-free ranch dressing, and all kinds of greens, wrapped in a rice paper wrap and rolled in toasted sesame seeds.  All I can say is WOW!   Seriously delicious food, so healthy and fresh, and even my carnivorous, gluten-adoring, process-food-loving BF thought everything was delicious.  Both sandwiches were so big that they were hard to finish.  My favorite was the bbq chickpea sandwich but that may just be because I rarely get to indulge in bread and this bread was amazing (plus I love avocado anything)!  Both were awesome though and the sesame seeds on the outside of the wrap added a special touch.  We were so impressed with this food truck - we can't wait to try more of their food again.  I wish more places would catch on to this healthy food movement and do it as well as the Electric Blue Elephant does!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,2/8/2014,4,19,,5,4>I think this is my new favorite sushi place! The decor is super awesome, and the wait staff is all professional, yet relaxed and nice. My friend and I came here before a concert we went to at the knit, and we had an awesome waiter. He offered to take pics of us together, and was very efficient. I love the menu here. A lot of sushi places do appetizers and dessert a la carte, so I was pleasantly surprised to learn everything was included in the 'all you can eat' price. They have a variety of rolls that stray from the basic most Reno sushi places offer. I had the surf and turf roll, among many others, and it was amazing! Can't wait to return.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,2/7/2014,44,40,1,7,6>I had a craving for a gyro, but being no where near a decent Greek joint later on a weekday night, I Yelped and this came up for their gyro burger. I headed out for the drive through, ordered the gyro burger, cheeseburger slider, and small order of garlic fries. The wait was longer than a typical fast food place, but really, this isn't a typical fast food place so I had no issues there. The kid in the drive through was super nice and helpful as well.When I got the food home, the fries were a little soggy, but that is the only complaint that I have. The small sized order was actually huge and more than enough for two of us to share. The burger was so very, very good. The lamb patty was super juicy, the toppings were in just the right amounts to really taste each and every one without anything overpowering the next, and the toasted bun was a great touch. The garlic fries, despite the sogginess, were also really yummy, with a ton of real, chopped garlic on top. My mom had the cheeseburger slider, and while I didn't try it myself, she loved it. If I could justify eating burgers more often (curse trying to be healthy!) I would come here all the time. I can't wait to go back and try the Italian Stallion...a burger with mortadella on it?! Sign me up.Tl:dr- great, juicy burgers, awesome garlic fries, mortadella on a bun! Can't wait to try more.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,2/6/2014,34,340,,4,3>We used Tiffany and Dean, the husband and wife team behind Follow Your Heart, for our wedding.  As part of that package, we also got an engagement photo session that gave us a preview of what we could expect.  In response to our request to get some "snow" pictures, they spent an afternoon posing and directing us up at Mt. Rose Meadows.  I'm not usually one for formal pictures (I distinctly remember hating the guy who took my senior photos in high school chirping at me to "give me something"), but Tiffany and Dean really put me at ease.  Dean did most of the camera wielding while Tiffany did her best to get us to loosen up and arrange our poses (she had a great eye for the tags on my scarf that kept hanging out).  Based on the previews they showed us during the session, we knew there were some great shots.  We were still blown away when we got the full set a month or so later.  We ended up using those pictures in a guestbook at the wedding.We had a similar great experience with them on the day of our wedding.  Tiffany was great working with and reassuring my wife (who was on the verge of going full-bridezilla over the schedule) and they were both very good at dealing with the various extended family members and their requests for photos.  We ended up way ahead of schedule with everything and they helped us out by getting my wife and I away from everything for some quiet time and a few more pictures.My favorite part about using Tiffany and Dean for our wedding was their ability to capture the little things that made the day special.  Anyone can take formal pictures of big groups of people and with a little bit of talent or practice, they should come out looking fine.  But it takes a good eye to be able to take pictures of things like flowers or table decorations and make them interesting.  Our wedding album is full of the big centerpiece pictures that you would expect, but on almost every page, there's a picture of something that captures the smaller details of the wedding.  These were things that we didn't request pictures of, but that based on their experience, they knew would look good later on.  Overall I can't recommend Follow Your Heart Photography enough.  Pictures were not at all high on my priority list before the wedding, but I couldn't be happier with how they turned out.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,2/5/2014,144,209,,5,3>I have been here a total of 5 times. Every time I have been here, we have had excellent service.  Each time has been for dinner.Even brought some friends there and we had a wonderful meal out on the patio.I recommend for the small plates:Kurobuta Pork TacosShort Rib ArepaSalads: all but the Herb Salad were delicious. Hubby orders fish there most of the time and loves it.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,2/3/2014,99,68,2,8,5>I just moved here from the East Coast and my hair was in bad need of a color. New town new color...right? Melissa talked to me about all of the different options because I already had bleach on my hair from prior stylist.I ended up with a gorgeous color that I can't stop looking at! She gave me a red that makes me look like a different person and I LOVE it.The salon is beautiful inside and I loved Shannon who offered me coffee when I walked in the door.  This will definitely be the only place I come to get my hair color or cut!
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,2/2/2014,133,146,6,14,7>I've been meaning to try The Seed, but honestly had no idea where it was. Note to all: It's right next to the Scotland Yard Spy Shop. I'm sure we all know where that is, because inside each and every one of is a spy just waiting to purchase a nanny cam. Once I found it and got parked (lots of parking - yay), I walked inside where it's quiet and very hippie/zen. There's a tea bar, whole coconuts to drink in the fridge, yoga clothes, and people who look like they eat raw food more than once every year. They have a great juice/smoothie menu, and a few lunch options, including a daily specialty.I had the falafels with garlic cashew aoli, and was a little surprised that they didn't come in a pita, but I'm sure that's much healthier. The aoli was light and almost whipped, and the falafels were moist as opposed to a crunch, dry falafel that I'm used to. It was filling and fantastic.Since I wish I actually ate like a hippie and recently purchased a Groupon to The Studio for yoga upstairs, you can bet I'll be back here all the time.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,2/1/2014,300,454,,10,6>January 24, 2014 Friday - 7 PM VIP time2 adultsBackground - Thanks to Yelp! And Mike T. for inviting us to another great event.  I love being part of the Yelp community.Atmosphere - The Rose Ballroom inside the JA Nugget is a huge space.  The center of the room was filled in with round banquet tables.  The Yelp group grabbed one which was in the VIP section.  I did not sit down until after 8 PM after the crowds filled in.  Really the crowds were not that bad by the area we sat, towards the inside of complex the right of the stage, the other side was different the brewers were closers so it was tight over there. Beers - They had more than just beer.  The name does not say Beer but Brew.  I saw at least three different ciders being offer, but I was not here for that.  I also saw Mike's Hard Lemonade.  I came with a game plan.  My first goal was to find Russian River Brewing out of Santa Rosa, they are small so no surprise that they were not there.  Next was to try beers that I cannot easily find in the area.  It was nice to see so many local breweries.  Sorry Great Basin I love you but I am not here to drink your wonderful nectar.  I have you in the fridge and love your two brewery restaurants.   AB InBev, you are the biggest boy out there and I was surprised to see you here with Goose Island and Shock Top, not here for you either.   I actually got to try eight different brews from New York to California before 8 PM rolled around.  Then I had one more after 9 before we left.Music - Vokab Kompany a San Diego band was a modern mix of current music which I enjoyed.  I have one lyrics still stuck in my head this morning.  Honk Honk Beep Beep, I think my wife enjoyed my sing of that line.  She was laughing pretty hard at it.  Yeah I was feeling good at this time but she was sober and my ride home.  JA Nugget did over $49 for the people attending, which is a great deal. Service - The Brew HaHa crew was great.  Remember to put your wrist band on the proper side, seems to be their biggest rule.  This is minor considering how many people and booze you have here.  As for the brewers some had better reps then others.  I was impressed with Green Flash and it was great talking with them.  Some brewers told me the IBUs to the gravity of the beer.  Might be a little more technical than some people need but I loved hearing their knowledge. Future - It has been too long, over a decade, since I have been here and I need to come back more frequently.  I think I might need to have a pizza delivered at 9 PM next time.  Blind Onion is nearby do they deliver?
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2014,7/30/2014,1,4,1,3,3>We had a chair and matching ottoman done that have been with us for 20 years. We loved the style, so wanted to "freshen them up". We live near Evco, so I dropped by to select a fabric. Wow, do they have a selection! We picked a print that had "direction" in it, sort of like stripes. We were thrilled when we received the finished product. The fabric was matched perfectly, and the workmanship superb. We were so happy that we had the chairs for our antique dining set recovered as well. Not only did they recover the chair seats, but they also replaced the webbing and padding so the recovered chairs not only now look fabulous, they are comfortable to sit on. I can't say enough about what great job they do at Evco. Great fabric selection and superb workmanship, one can't ask for more. We would recommend Evco to anyone needing quality reupholstering!
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,7/29/2014,59,298,3,2,3>2.95 miles nvtrailmaps.com/pdfs/mapGreat park to walk your dog.  Lots of things to smell.  The day Luna and I went we watched a deer cross the river over the Large Bridge. ( I shoulda got the name of the bridge )Along the dirt path you can see where the Beavers have come up and crewed down some trees...   Lots of butterflies also along the path.   All and all get there early the small parking lot was full when I was leaving....
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,7/28/2014,39,45,1,4,4>Loved that I was able to book within a 24 hour window.  Called on a Wednesday, was getting a massage on a Thursday.  I had Terrance and he was great!  Really liked that he didn't want to make small talk the entire time.  The only questions he asked me while I was getting my treatment were if the pressure was OK and if I was comfortable (PERFECT in my book!). This was my first time here, and i wasn't sure what to expect so I just got the introductory 60 min swedish massage.  I left sleepy, but feeling good.  I look forward to going back and trying out the other services.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,7/27/2014,40,22,1,6,3>I HIGHLY recommend Casa Grande. The food, service, and ambiance are all excellent. When you enter, you are greeted with a smile by everyone. It almost seems like you are actually wanted and welcome here (unlike some other restaurants).Our go-to-dish is chicken fajitas. It comes out sizzling and has a lot of flavor. Plus the chips, salsa, and bean dip (free) are all excellent.Casa Grande is our new Mexican favorite. Plus it's located near us in NW Reno.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,7/26/2014,110,38,1,3,3>Where do I begin!? I've been using Bouncing Around for several years. I think they've attended more of my daughter's birthdays than her own grandparents! They have a super easy website for selecting the right bounce house, as well as for reserving it and getting all the details taken care of. For my daughter's 3rd and 5th birthday parties I reserved one of the big bounce houses (with a slide), and requested that they go to my daughter's preschool. Let's just say Bouncing Around made it really hard for the "Cupcakes at Lunch Birthdays" to compete. A teacher told me later that all the kids at one point were chanting, "We love Franki's mom!" as they bounced! The teachers at the school loved the break, the kids were ecstatic, and my daughter truly felt like a princess all day. (Her 4th birthday was such a disappointment, that we immediately went back to the bounce house concept for her 5th!).Bouncing Around is responsive and responsible. I knew the birthday party would go off without any problems; and I didn't even have to be there! The staff has dealt with thousands of different install scenarios. They know exactly where to set up the bounce house and how to find the necessary electricity. They were also flexible with my schedule and that of the preschool. They knew how to provide the best possible birthday party, regardless of what it said on the clock!I have also used Bouncing Around on a commercial level. When we needed a fun way to keep kids out of their mom's hair (literally) at a party at Caliber Salon & Spa, I said "BOUNCING AROUND, DUH!" A bounce house at Caliber's events has become a staple for their parties. Moms can truly enjoy themselves, have a conversation and relax because their kids are busy bouncing in the bounce house! Moreover, there's nothing better to say, "STOP, WE'RE OPEN," than a big bounce house in the parking lot. For a charity event I rented Sumo Suits from Bouncing Around. They gave us some ideas on how other events had used the suits to raise money. We had a great time with those suits! And raised some money, too! I think we raised the most money by threatening the sumo wrestlers that we would blast their sumo pictures on the web if they didn't pay up. LOL.Thank you, Bouncing Around for giving the community a fun and healthy way to celebrate!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,7/25/2014,0,2,1,5,3>We were the first ones to be seated for dinner and we were treated like royalty.  We had our selection of tables to sit, the waiter let us take our time, and every one of our requests were catered to.  From the cold, crisp Pinot, to the fresh caprise salad, to the homemade ravioli entrée to the cappuccino and biscotti, we ranted and raved how amazing everything was.  Service was genuine, food was divine and ambiance was relaxing (I'm referring to the in-house accordion player!). I appreciate a true Italian experience, and this was definitely one I will go back to.  This has to be my favorite Italian restaurant in all of Reno. The experience is a must!!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2014,7/24/2014,11,8,1,6,4>Went here last Saturday with my husband for an assignment for school. The restaurant was empty when we showed up, but we did come early during the dinner service. We got the Meat and Vegetarian combo which was enough food to stuff us (we hadn't eaten lunch) and to take home for dinner the next day. Everything we ordered was delicious and the spiced Iced Tea we had was amazing. The place was very nicely decorated and the parking was convenient. We were both very pleased and we plan on coming back when my family comes to visit as it can be hard to find a place in town that isn't a casino that can accommodate 10+ people without a long wait.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,7/23/2014,2,3,,3,2>Lots of variety in this store! From miscellaneous household items you thought you'd never see again, to newer, modern figurines. Prices are reasonable based on what the items true value is. Lots of antique and vintage furniture as well. There is a lot to experience when going into this store. Plus the staff, although an odd bunch, is extremely friendly and more than willing to help customers who have a particular item in mind.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,7/22/2014,25,15,1,2,2>April, the owner of Candlelight and Roses, was the perfect person to plan my wedding. She does everything from helping to set up, she makes the floral arrangements, and helps with the rehearsal and runs the actual day. She is the master of all things wedding and has a ton of great ideas. I was completely calm because she took care of anything so well. Her husband also runs the bar, if that is something you are into. He also does a great job and has a lot of choices. Over all it was an A++.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,7/21/2014,26,15,1,4,5>Food is always pretty spot on. It's like upscale bar type food. Their home-made taters appetizer is AWESOME and absolutely worth a try! How can you go wrong with potatoes, cheese, a fried egg, and of course, bacon?!?!?Tried the pulled pork sandwich, not bad. The tiny bit of slaw on top was a little weak in flavor, so it pretty much got lost in the pork. The pretzel bun was a nice twist, but when you bite into the sandwich, everything pretty much squishes out. Hollowing out the bun a little might help with that.Of course, what's a meal without dessert...so we got the bread pudding. Again, unique twist using the pretzel buns for the bread...although it did make for a pretty dense dessert. Sea Salt Caramel needed just a touch more...something. While it was good and I'd order it again, it just didn't WOW me.Service was good considering how busy they were, and my only complaint would be the lack of large party seating in the interior. We squished a party of 7 (mind you, 2 of them were my little nieces, but still) into what really was a 4-top booth.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,7/10/2014,109,173,,6,4>These guys are great - so quick and really friendly. It's right by my house so it's where I stop for my smog check every year.  It's nice to be able to pull right up, wait for 5-10 minutes and then be out of there.  I've never gotten an oil change or any other service there though.   There are always coupons on their website - be sure to print them out and hand them to the technician before they start the service.I wish they were open after 5:00 pm though so I could stop in after work (I swear they used to be?) on the weekdays.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2014,7/9/2014,39,101,5,10,8>Ok, so the decor is sort of, kitchy. Classic cowboy steakhouse assortment of animal heads, boots lining the wall next to the full bar, framed posters of Reno Rodeo's of years past, autographed pics of semi-famous country artists that have passed through our dear city. But don't let that detour you. They make a darn good slab o' animal flesh.I had the 12 oz. ribeye with a wedge salad and a "jacketed potato". The steak was a good medium rare as requested, good quality meat, good seasoning, great outer crust. I appreciated that it came out hot, I mean temp wise, sizzling. The wedge was ice cold with fantastic blue cheese. The potato itself was good, but the tempura battered outside was totally unnecessary.  Kyle, our server, was very welcoming and prompt with everything. And the place was clean. Next time I am craving a slab of cow flesh, I will return!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,7/8/2014,300,454,7,11,8>May 10, 2014 Saturday - lunch 12:30 PM2 adultsAtmosphere - 5 starsFood - 5 starsService - 5 stars Background - Going to the Nevada Museum of Art, it is a free day, and wanted some lunch beforehand.Atmosphere - Clean crisp modern lines.Food  Drinks - Had a Dogfish 60 Minute IPA.  Appetizer - none.    My Main Course - They have a tri tip French dip but I wanted to step out of my comfort zone.  Just maybe the jalapeno bacon was screaming my name.  Paul Paul Paul!  That was the B in the BLT grabbing my attention.  Mild heat came with the jalapeno bacon then there is the complimenting cooling orange aioli.  This BLT is at a higher level than that childhood one, please I want some more.    Dessert - skipped it.Service - Our waiter was great.  We sat at a spot to watch the NFL draft and he changed the TV's channels so we had the draft on the big television.  Future - Oh yeah.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,7/7/2014,24,105,5,8,8>A huge kudos to Chelsea and her wonderful staff, they were more than helpful and patient while my husband and I occupied several hours of their time this weekend.  We were sofa hunting, since our dogs share the sofa with us, a slipcovered sofa is a necessity, so off we went to Pottery Barn to order one.  It was all good until my husband saw the prices and became pale and said he needed to go outside for some air.  So, we scratched that idea and looked everywhere else we could think of.  My bottom line was slipcover, down wrapped cushions and  longer than 7'.  We must have gone to every furniture store in Reno, even the ones that have perpetual going out of business sales only to close for a day and have a grand opening sale 24 hours later.Our last stop was Cost Plus, we didn't even go there to look for a sofa, we were going to pick up some wine and go home and drown our sorrows about the sofa hunting adventure,  but we spotted  a beautiful slipcovered  sofa on clearance with a set of covers for $299.  This is where Chelsea and her crew enter the picture. We had at least a dozen questions, some of which required the staff to either make repeated trips to the stock room to get answers or to research it elsewhere, and of course because neither my husband or I listen to each other, we would sometimes both ask the same question within 5 or 10 minutes.   I would have been so pi$$ed if I worked there but these folks were so patient and so helpful that I was just blown away.  We even tested them (not intentionally) by changing our mind about the slipcovers and returning them 30 minutes after we bought them. And then to make it worse we returned a few hours later to get a matching chair and they had to hunt down slipcovers for it that would match the sofa we had purchased.  They didn't blink, didn't waver, didn't exhibit eye rolling or fist clenching- they were just super friendly, smart and helpful. Who could ask for more?
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,7/6/2014,44,188,1,8,5>Since the weather had been so awesome I've been hitting this trail a few times a week for cardio to get out of the gym. It's conveniently located near my house which is a plus. This isn't a challenging trail but round trip to the waterfall is 6.2 miles with little shade, uneven footing and at times a very narrow trail. If you're looking for novice hiking this may not be for you. The views are great and the waterfall really is worth the hike. If I'm with a girl friend chatting the whole way it takes about 3 hours, if I'm pushing it to keep my heart rate up I get it done in about 2 hours 10 minutes. If you're going in the warmer months start early, it's direct sun 4 out of 6 miles. Enjoy!
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,7/5/2014,130,231,5,8,5>This is another place that we have been to many times and I never got around to writing a review. The last time we came here was for Valentine's Dinner and we decided to have the special Prix Fixe dinner. It was four courses at $100 for two people - drinks were not included. It was well worth the price.It began with an antipasto - Arctic char Napoleon of layered crispy filo dough, veggies, and arugula all drizzled with an avocado creme frache dressing.Second course was a goat cheese cappelletti with roasted tomato and black olive tapenade paired with a risotto flavored with peas and Parmigiano fairy dust. There was some roasted veal shank in there as well but I was too busy restraining myself from licking the risotto off the pate. Main course was was a crusted Hawaiian snapper with mashed potatoes and broccolini paired with tender rare venison over grain and butternut squash drizzled with a wine reduction.Dolce was panna cotta with pistachio, strawberry and pistachio popcorn. A heavenly blend of cold and cream and sweet and salty and tart and smooth and crunchy. All was plated beautifully - a treat for both the eye and the palate.We have other amazing dinners there - the mushroom ravioli is created from angel wings. Fish is done very very well and the veal Marsala makes me swoon. Service is efficient and professional and we never felt rushed even though they were quite busy.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,7/4/2014,188,210,,8,6>Playful Potter is a really cute store and lots of fun for private parties!  My friend hosted her 35th birthday party here and it was great to get together for a ladies night out!  We opted to paint canvases instead of pottery, something that they offer a few nights per week.  Denise, the owner, was a wonderful host/instructor, lots of fun, and very helpful in organizing the group and providing tips and suggestions.  They do their paintings a little different than some other places that I've been to - you actually start with a template and trace the pattern onto a canvas and then paint from there.  Personally, I prefer to freestyle, but I suppose it does make things a little more uniform for those that are concerned about their inner artist.  The party was flawless and everyone enjoyed themselves!  Best part about Playful Potter is that you can bring your own food and drinks.  Painting is always more fun when the wine and champagne are flowing!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,7/3/2014,6,12,,7,2>Oh my goodness! My fiancee and I often get snacks from 168 Asian Market but the owner insisted we try 168 Chinese and Sushi on our last trip in. I had heard of 168 Chinese and Sushi but I have my favorite sushi place, which by the way I did not have the sushi tonight so I can't say how it is. Only that the bar was full the whole time. Instead we had the Hot Pot. Not knowing what we were getting ourselves into we asked our young server for advice and she was very accommodating in showing us the routine. We ordered way too much food but all of it was delish! Lamb, beef, cuttlefish, broccoli, noodles, and Chinese donuts were all added to the pot at some point and happily consumed. What all this comes down to was the food was great, the service friendly, and the hot pot made the meal fun. We will definitely be back.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2014,7/2/2014,44,40,,9,5>I had my first lesson with my infant daughter here today and I couldn't have been more impressed!My own little one is only three months old, so I was a little nervous about her getting in the water so young, but Margie and Jennifer couldn't have been any better. Sure, there were multiple classes going in the pool at once, but that posed no issue whatsoever. In the 30 minute class we took we received both individual and group instruction, and both myself and my baby had a great time. She was smiling the entire lesson and by the end was even happily floating on her back, which is not something she has ever done before.The establishment itself is clean, bright, and welcoming, and I especially love that they use UV to keep the pool clean instead of loading it up with chemicals that can be dangerous to babies. I also really like the way the curriculum teaches the babies important swim skills but just seems like one big, fun game. I didn't see one unhappy kiddo there, but I did see lots of babies exhibiting some impressive swim skills for their ages! Pay attention to the instructions online and be sure that you have something other than just a disposable swimming diaper since those don't really do much for way of protection. No one wants to be the one responsible for a code brown!I can't wait for my baby to be able to swim like a little mermaid and we both are looking forward to our weekly classes. They even have an amazing photographer on staff who takes just beautiful underwater pictures of the babies. Can't ask for any more than that!Tl:dr- Great swim school with attentive teachers helping parents and babies learn important water safety skills. Bonus rad underwater photography available!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2014,7/1/2014,128,132,4,10,7>WOW, what a sweet little Fro-Yo shop! Not the typical self service style, but really cool nonetheless. Tucked in next to the big toy store, this little gem shines bright like a diamond with the su.....lol sorry! Anyway, the interior is small but nicely decorated with yellow walls, laminate wood floors, and 8-10 faux granite or marble table tops. we were greeted with a smile by a friendly girl who was eager to satisfy our sweet teeth (is that plural for sweet tooth?).They seem to offer approximately 10-12 flavors, some of which are quite unique, including marshmallow and Carmel pretzel. From what I understand, the flavors are constantly changing. it looks like they also offer a couple low-carb and sugar-free options as well.Don't worry, there are plenty of awesome toppings to top your delicious Fro-Yo with. I selected the chocolate supreme flavor and had it topped it with granola and Andes mint chunks. I say "topped" but actually she put some in the bottom, some in the middle and some on top, so I guess she bottommiddletopped it with granola and Andes mint chunks.Head on in and check them out. Choose your Flavor and your toppings and let them take care of the rest!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,3/14/2014,33,44,1,8,3>They are great, I purchased a ring for my fiancé that is a little too big and needed to get it resized. When looking at the reviews on YELP this is the best place in town and I always like to support mom and pop shops. The price was in our ballpark and it was done in a timely manner. We will be back to get our wedding bands here. Great place!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,3/13/2014,0,34,3,5,3>Everything you need for an enjoyable evening-- decent beer, great selection, adequate food, friendly staff, a fun setting but not deafening or too drunken, video poker on the bar-- a great way to pass some time when you want to relax and eat some food you'll probably regret the next day.Many of the bartenders have tramp stamps.  It might be fun to pass out some sort of tramp stamp bingo game, so visitors could compete against each other.  Just a thought.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,3/12/2014,176,206,1,9,3>I've been here twice now and both times was blown away by the quality of the food and service. If you're coming for lunch, ask for a snoopy salad. It's not on the menu, but it's a sea food salad and is super good. If you're here for a romantic dinner, first off, ask if Ali is working. He's the best waiter and has been working here for over a decade, so he knows his stuff. Get the table side ceasar salad. It's absolutely amazing. I've never relished a salad so much. The steak Diane is also pure gold. So flavorful and tender. And you better eat dessert. Talk about a chocolate overload, the mouse is spectacular and the creme brule is some of the best. Probably the nicest place in Reno for a 5-star meal.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,3/11/2014,110,38,,14,5>I've been craving breakfast in Midtown for awhile, and NOW IT'S HERE! And SO delicious! I went out with my family for breakfast on Sunday. We had omelets, and my daughter made a complicated request for pancakes with a face (a smiley face, no a frown face, no, make the mouth with blueberries, and the nose with strawberries). KIDS!The server was very helpful and receptive to my daughter's ongoing requests for all sorts of random things. The pancake face was a work of art.The food was PERFECT. The atmosphere was nice and cozy. It felt like eating at a functional home--calm and quiet, fireplace going. Great for digestion and conversation!And one final note: when I left, I didn't bring the smells of the restaurant with me, as is common at breakfast joints. What a relief!Thank you for bringing pancakes to Midtown!
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,3/10/2014,112,249,,11,4>My friend and I tried this place yesterday for lunch. I thought the prices were reasonable. We say at the bar for all you can eat. It was pretty quiet as far as noise level went. It was a little dead. It used to be the woo chon, however, was NOTHING like it. It seems like the new owner (who is also a sushi chef) completely turned this place around. Before, it screamed dive, but now it's kind of trendy. They offer appetizers included with all you can eat. For those of you that follow my reviews, you know mochi ice cream is my favorite dessert. They also have this, and it's included! The server was prompt whenever our waters got low. She made sure everything was good without being overbearing which was nice. Before diving into rolls, my friend and I always order nigiri sake. Let me tell you, sushi pier 2 USED to hold the record (for me) for the best salmon, but holly cow... Each cut was consistent, the fish was fresh, I could actually taste the fish because it wasn't paired with a heaping ball of rice and the fish was really soft! The rolls were delicious as well. One HUGE factor for me is what kind of sauce they are using to top the sushi with and how much. I cant tell you how many times I've had chefs drown my sushi with "special sauce"  They offer some unique rolls as well as everyone's favorites. It seems like they've already got some strong regulars in their short time of being opened and I can see why. I will definitely be back.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,3/9/2014,160,6,,5,2>I've loved Sinbads since I was a little girl as a Reno/Sparks native you know the hidden jewels in town and this is one of them. We went in because we were looking for a a bite on a Friday night that was not packed with a waiting list. We walked in one other customer but that quickly changed as more customers arrived. I ordered a chili dog, my friend the Chicago dog and a link and my son a regular hot dog with nothing on it which he changed his mind and asked for a little cheese which the server kindly agreed with no extra charge. We were all stuffed and satisfied and will definitely come again. Only downsides they don't serve fries and the dining area is a little crowded.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,3/8/2014,24,43,,3,2>Bertha Mirandas is one of the best Mexican restaurants I have been too! My husband and I have actually become regulars there now and the staff treats us absolutely wonderful!! Especially bartenders Sal and Freddy!! One of my favorite meals is the chicken chimichanga...the meatball soup is wonderful as well!! I would definitly reccommend this restaurant!!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,3/7/2014,171,19,3,14,9>This should really be a 3.5 star review but I give them a 4 star because I am also comparing it to their previous location which really should make it a 6 star rating now. haha. Why they get stars = LOCAL LOCAL LOCAL! They have local honey, produce, eggs, etc. and they really represent the small businesses well. I have gone in and gotten run up by the cashier with a local farmer bagging my groceries just as a way to meet their customers. How cool is that?????They have a local garden up front and also sell seedlings. This is really need to see downtown. They have great daily soups, a deli that is expanding, breakfast burritos and freshly backed cookies and scones that change daily. They offer member specials and events including a newsletter that features discount codes and offers. EVERYONE IN RENO should be a member IMO.Why they don't get a 5 star - I really wish they had more fresh meat/poultry/fish. Their cheese section could also use some improvement. Their tortillas are just terrible. No real good options, just dry frozen stuff. Minor stuff overall but I see them growing everyday. Oh another thing is that you should expect to spend at least $30 a bag here. Definitely on the pricier end of things especially when you buy their 99 cent/each eggs. Check out their yoga classes and community classes. This place really makes Reno GREAT!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,3/6/2014,5,29,1,5,3>Where the Art of Customer Care and Personalized Service are one!This was my first time visiting Crimson, as I am pretty loyal to my service providers, only venturing off when my time is not considered and their service gets over-rated.  In addition, finding a great stylist is key, as a bad cut is hard to hide on a guy (unless you don't have hair to hide...I do and am not complaining the least!!!).After talking with Jessy, it was evident she loves what she does and has created an inviting atmosphere in her salon: the decor, the feel and her counterparts.Oh yeah...the cut was one of the best I've ever had, certainly tops in Reno.  If you're in the market to trade up, you owe it to yourself and your hair to have her on your style team!
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,3/5/2014,544,272,8,14,11>Five stars, because all I really ever want in a bar is a great bartender, the availability of great whiskey, great Dudes, great energy, and the absence of the likes of people who will never return because they "had a bad experience" and yelped about it.Check, check, check, check.....aaaaaaaaaannnnd CHECK.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2014,10/8/2014,8,11,2,3,5>Awesome! Super helpful, and even though I'm still somewhat new at home brewing, I never felt as though I was being a pain or an inconvenience by asking questions and not knowing everything. I picked a recipe, RJ explained everything to me, let me see and smell the ingredients as he packaged them up, gave me tips, and was overall a really nice guy who you can tell just loves doing what he's doing. Prices were pretty much on par with anyone else, including online retailers (who are then going to charge you shipping), plus it's great to see this kind of local business pop up. I'm excited to have a homebrew location that is on this side of town, especially for those us us who live way up in Wingfield Springs. Plus, they take card (thank heavens).I will absolutely be going back to Brew Chatter when I'm ready for my next batch. And even if you are just considering brewing your own, I would recommend stopping by.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2014,10/7/2014,166,134,1,14,9>Mama Mia, this has to be one of the best Italian lunches I have ever had! Came here for a little date time with my man because he had an interesting interaction with Kevin over Facebook.  I know that one of my fellow Yelpers is enthusiastic about this place, so my curiosity was piqued, and I was open to giving them a try.  I'm often wary about going to Italian restaurants because I get concerned over the salt content when I am not a fan of salt.To enter the venue, you walk through double doors with a mini entry way that has a cafe table with two chairs.  I found that to be interesting because who would sit there while customers walk in and out?  Granted, it appears it's there more for decoration than dining, and perhaps it's to give the first impression of the cafe feel they present once you're fully inside.  We were given a table in a corner where we could enjoy some intimate conversation.  Kevin came over and met us personally, and thanked us for coming in.  We each asked for a cappuccino, taking stock that this is an Italian restaurant, so they must have good coffee.  It was light and smooth.  I might prefer dark and strong, but this was a wonderful compliment to the meal, served in a glass mug.  And I was quite impressed that I sipped and savored my coffee, and it stayed warm throughout the entire meal, nearly 30-40 minutes.  I initially thought the $5.50 price was a bit much, but that quality and warmth over that amount of time, makes it totally worth it. The menu selection had so many options I wanted to venture, and I went with the garlic prawns with spinach, baby artichokes, and peppers tossed with risotto.  The presentation was wonderful, and the flavors were so fantastic, I nearly wanted to lick my plate clean, but then I would have ruined the atmosphere of this quaint little joint.  I appreciated that my prawns were fully cleaned, even the tails.  The garlic hit the taste buds just right.  The parsley added color and another dash of flavor.  And some bites had a hint of lemon that added a delicate surprise and made the dish complete.  I did not add any freshly grated parmesan, firstly, because I did not want to mess with the original taste, and secondly, because as forementioned, I am not a fan of salt. Backing up momentarily, I did have a first course cup of soup of the day, which was included with the meal.  The chicken and ginger soup seemed perfect.  It was light and yet had so many textures with the chicken bites and the vegetables, and the ginger in the broth was so savory.  I hope this is a regular soup of the day option, because I could and would come back just for a bowl of it!Moving forward again, we come to the third course, as we could not pass up dessert, even if I am supposed to be on a six week diet.  The New York style cheesecake with raspberry sauce looked pretty and tasted even more beautiful.  For my preference of cheesecake, it seemed like most everything else I had for lunch, quite perfectly made.  The texture was smooth and each bite was delicate and creamy, and then the graham cracker crust was delightful. The sauce added just the right amount of sweetness.  And we ate the whole thing, a generous slice that satiated the both of us. I can't believe we hadn't heard of Zozo's until a few months ago.  Talk about your hidden gems!  This is a true jewel, and if you haven't check it out yet, I urge you to go!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2014,10/6/2014,92,53,2,12,8>Delicious lunch!  Stopped in for lunch after shopping at the mall.  They bring you chips and salsa, a warm salsa and refried beans.  I don't know why but I always like when they bring you refried beans in addition to just salsa.  I ordered 2 chicken taco's and a side a guacamole.  The tacos were light and super crispy not mention they were over stuffed with chicken.  The guacamole was awesome!  It had big chunks of avocado.  Overall a very tasty lunch!  I would definitely stop in again.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2014,10/5/2014,114,105,3,9,8>I dined at Thai Corner with some friends last week.  I had been here once before and had a nice meal, and lately I've noticed that Thai Corner has made an effort to participate in many downtown events - Wine Walks, Social Media Day, etc.  I appreciate businesses that get involved and are proud to showcase what they have to offer!I had a LivingSocial, and when I walked in, I saw a sign to let the server know at the beginning of the meal if a LivingSocial was going to be used.  I informed our server, as she removed the Lunch Special insert from the menu.  I thought that was a little odd.  The LivingSocial does say that it can't be combined with other promotions, but I never considered a Lunch Special to be a promotion.  Not a huge deal, it's not affecting my review...just more of an FYI!We started with miso soup, which was definitely delicious.  Next, I ordered the green curry with tofu, and my friend ordered pad see ew with chicken.  Our server brought a variety of sauces and spices along with our meals.  My curry dish was DELICIOUS!  I definitely had to spice it up, but I actually liked being able to spice it up to my tastes, rather than worrying about ordering too spicy or too mild.  My friend's pad see ew was fine, nothing special for me, but maybe it's just not my thing.  The service was good - they checked on us frequently, and our waters were always full.I would definitely go back - the curry was to die for, and I've heard good things about their sushi, so I'd like to try that, too!
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2014,10/4/2014,31,174,3,7,7>We had family in town over the weekend so this was at the top of the list of things to do. After some convincing, we got up early enough to make it to the park to see the end of the glow show and all of Dawn Patrol. What a cool experience!! The glow of the balloons in the darkness is really neat to see. The family all enjoyed themselves. It was a bit chilly out but not horribly cold. There weren't any issues with parking or traffic, we exited the freeway at Keystone and went north. We did drive by the line of traffic at the Virginia St exit. The parking lot on the west side of the park was not even half full when we arrived and left (after Dawn Patrol). Best part of this show is that it is free! I've been to this when I was younger but its been years, it was fun to go check it out again. We won't forget our coffee next time!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,10/3/2014,92,204,1,7,8>What an awesome, fun, family friendly event! I took my one and four year old here and we had a blast! We were able to find food food my picky little four year old (Hot Dog Rods) and my husband and I were able to sample food from two different food trucks (Mellow Yellow and dessert at All Wrapped Up). We got our beer from Great Basin and that saved us the wait from the long line near the movie area (You have to order inside but they have to-go cups). After eating,  we were able to enjoy a live band in front of Great Basin (relaxing on the grass). We will definitely be back to this event! Our only complaint is that it's not every week!
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2014,10/2/2014,18,155,1,9,8>Great, healthy, local food cooked well. I've been wanting to try this place for the last couple months and it lived up to the hype. I called in an order to go and was told it would be ready in 15 min. 20 min later (parking is a little tight) I walked straight to the front, had my food in minutes, service was friendly and efficient. I got the chicken paleo bowl and added medium salsa. Very flavorful and fresh, the salsa has a bit of a kick but not enough to not want to eat it! My friend got the chicken burrito in a bowl with mild salsa and says it was great. We both had food leftover for lunch the next day. Overall a great experience, I'll be back again!
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2014,10/1/2014,39,80,3,8,7>Absolutely my favorite grilled fish tacos in town, would love them more with cabbage on them but the cilantro is good enough. El pastor is always good and the carnitas is always cooked very well. Have never had a bad meal there. I know they were out at some events in town last summer and hopefully this summer. They are always set up at the Friday pool parties with tacos.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2014,9/30/2014,120,18,2,8,8>This is a pretty little park with a nice playground for the kids. There is lots of open space and nice well taken care of grass and landscaping.The best part about this park are the miles of adjacent walking trails alongside the picturesque wetlands with bridges, ponds,creeks, benches, trees and flowers along the way. The view of the mountains is spectacular from every direction. I knocked off one star because the cleanliness of the park restroom needed some work.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,9/29/2014,11,37,1,3,7>This is the place my husband and I decided to go for our first date after our baby was born. I'm so happy we did because now we've decided that we are now drive in theater goers instead of regular theaters. Something about being able to bring your own food and sit in the back of the car snuggled up, know what I mean? We got there a little early (15min? Which was a good amount of time to set up, eat a little, and enjoy some conversation). We were at a later showing so the screen wasn't washed out, but there was a little but of a glare from the street lights. Not bad enough to ruin the movie. Other than that the sound quality was pretty impressive when you turn it on from your radio. I'm not sure about a boom box or whatever. Bathrooms were clean and nice and people were generally quiet and still. My tips would be: bring a flashlight to go to the bathroom because it's a little dark, bring a stereo if your car battery doesn't last long, and bring blankets and food!:) it's a whole lot of fun for really cheap price!
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,12/30/2013,0,12,4,10,3>I gave Death & Taxes five stars because I think it's the best cocktail bar in the Reno/Tahoe area. I'm really surprised by the reviews that feel the drinks are expensive, I found them inexpensive ($10-$12) and I'm wondering what the other reviewers think these drinks should cost. Try drinking in New York and then tell me these drinks are overpriced...Keep in mind, this is a cocktail bar. Not a dive bar, a pub or a sports bar and you'll be disappointed if you're expecting Death & Taxes to be something it's not. Dive bars, pubs and sports bars have their place and there's plenty to choose from, but D&T is a welcome breath of fresh air for those of us that enjoy cocktails and the experience. The drink menu is really interesting and their selection of spirits is top notch. Their mixers are either house made or sourced from small, high end companies. The bartenders were friendly, cared about what they were doing and made their drinks correctly with the right equipment.It's a place where an adult can get an interesting cocktail or a classic standard, perfectly made by someone that cares about your drink and built with fresh ingredients and the best spirits. (Why would you go out for anything less?)If you're sick of going out to bars dominated by vodka, crap like Alizé and those dispensing guns with buttons for sodas and mixers, then you'll find Death & Taxes to be a slice of heaven. On the other hand, if you think the hallmark of a good drink is big and cheap, or neon is an acceptable color in a cocktail then you might want to keep driving. I'm sure it's dollar PBR night somewhere...
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,12/29/2013,2,4,,3,1>I was on the search for a reputable, clean, skilled tattoo shop with a level of artistic talent that wouldn't make me regret letting someone permanently mark on my body.  I asked around and everyone I asked told me to go to Aces.I would HIGHLY reccommend Aces for anyone who is looking to get a tattoo at a reasonable price from a very skilled artist.  All of the tattoo artists knew what they were doing, and were able to speak intelligently about how they would or would not reccommend a certain design.My friend wanted a new piece for her shoulder but did not have it totally worked out on placement or design.  Within minutes of talking to Jake, he drew it out for her.  With his reccomendations on placement and size, she came out with something she is completely happy with.I needed my foot tattoo fixed, and again, Jake had a vision.  He was able to make us both feel comfortable and helped us through the pain with comedic conversation.My only complaint about this place is how difficult it is to get in - which I take as a good sign.  After speaking with someone on Sunday about making an appointment, I was told to just walk in on Monday.  When we did, we had to make an appointment 4 hours later.However, I always like to think, if it's on your body, it's worth waiting for someone who will do the best job.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,12/28/2013,10,38,,2,1>I keep coming back for more- Savvy is locally owned and really has a sense of our little city. Casual and comfortable and in Reno it can also be business wear.Love the service. Love the designs and it's so nice to see them at Summit.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,12/27/2013,66,213,,8,4>After having difficultly booking a much needed haircut with my stylist I was forced to seek other options when my admittedly difficult schedule was impossible to mesh with hers.  I had been stalking Carleen's portfolio for the better part of a year and loved her work.  The long:It was a little difficult to squeeze on as a new client, but after a little chatting (and some pleading on my end) I was booked!  It had been almost a year since my last cut since I decided to forgo any cuts or color while pregnant.  My hair and my emotions were a postpartum mess.  Taking this into consideration Carleen tried to talk me out of my demand to drastically chop off all my long hair.  She gave me a lovely layered cut to help volumize what hair was left from the post partum shedding.  I think this was the first non-essential time I had spent away from my baby so I bet I was a frazzled mess.  She was calm and joyful and her assistant gave me a glorious quick massage on my hands as Carleen tended to my hair.  What a treat.  She also gives free tinsel sparklies, which are a fun and generous bonus.  The tinsel isn't really my everyday style, but they are fun and she has about a hundred colors so she can make them subtle or very attention grabbing.  Now a few months later I was still hellbent on chopping off my hair and Carleen ensured that it wasn't a traumatic experience.  We donated the cut off length to locks of love, which is always appreciated.  She encourages feedback and wants her clients to be happy.  She even called me a few days after to see how my dramatic hair change was settling and if I needed any complimentary tweaking.   I actually brought my husband in to get his hair cut too.  He has never had much luck with stylists/barbers because he has extremely thick, coarse, wavy hair that is difficult to style or cut.  His last few stylists were intimidated and tried whacking away at it but it always looked awful so I started cutting it myself.  I'm not trained by any means but at least I didn't charge him money to make him look awful.  I shared some of this history with Carleen and she offered to teach me how to cut it.  She gave me some awesome tips and I was impressed that she valued customer satisfaction over making money.  She taught me how to do it myself, even though it meant I wouldn't be paying her every 6 wks for his cuts too (which are much quicker than mine, so it would have been an easy source of revenue for her).  The short:  excellent knowledgeable stylist with tons of training and education. It is true that she isn't cheap, so if a $65 haircut isn't within your range she probably isn't the stylist for you.  Is $65 for a haircut high?  In Reno? Yes, yes it is.  Is $65 too high for her level of skill and training?  No, it is reasonable, but I do understand the sticker shock. Still, the last time I had more than a foot of hair cut off I think I spent $30 and it was traumatic enough I didn't do it again for almost 10yrs.  The $$  I spent for Carleen to do it was worth it in that I didn't regret having it chopped off for a minute compared to the months of agonizing I did for the cheapo chop. Take a look at her portfolio.  Her work speaks for itself.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,12/26/2013,11,36,,7,1>We had been rushing around trying to get all the last minute details taken care of before we blast off for France on Monday. There's no time to cook, really, and I certainly don't want fresh food in the fridge when we'll be gone for two weeks. The pickins' were getting slim, to say the least.So we zipped over to Un Caffe on Double R and Prototype for a quick, albeit late, lunch.Let's get one thing straight. I love pasta. It's just the Olive-Garden-all-you-can eat-industrial-sized portions of not very good pasta that I can't stand. This is one reason I have to escape to Europe occasionally - and go where less is really more. The uniquely American idea that ever larger portions will somehow make up for ever cheaper, agri-industrialized ingredients and stale by-the-corporate-memo execution misses everything that dining out should be. If you're thinking that, maybe, I haven't been to a chain restaurant of any kind in at least the last five years - you're right. That's why I was so amazed and pleased to find a 'just right' portion of really very toothsome pasta - with a perfectly balanced and tasty house-made marinara sauce. It went perfectly with an absolute jewel of a salad - beet slices, spring greens, toasted pecans with just enough creamy - slightly mustardy - vinaigrette. Yeah, I know that beets are almost - yawn - passe now, but this really was a keeper for the menu. Again, good chefs understand the power of restraint.That's just one reason we keep going back to Un Caffe Italian Bistro.We also keep going back there to support and encourage, Cheri, the chef/owner. She's taken on a real challenge - opening a restaurant that isn't exactly in Reno's gaming core, or even near high traffic shopping areas. But the place is impeccable - tastefully designed, with a menu that doesn't set out to conquer the entire world. Again, that restraint thing is at work. I wish a few other chefs would take a look at her pared back menu - do fewer things, but do them really well. Now, there's a thought. Who would've thought that a simple, small, plate of spaghetti could make a customer into a brand evangelist?Hmmmm.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,12/25/2013,22,11,,3,2>Just about as authentic as it gets. Everything is incredibly fresh and the kitchen is in the middle of the restaurant which gives the place a nice atmosphere. I came here with my boyfriend for our Valentine's dinner. We arrived an hour before closing, but right when we walked in we were informed that we had to sit by the door because they were getting ready to clean the rest of the restaurant (there were only two other tables there). That sucked pretty bad because it was really cold outside and they didn't have that much business for a holiday anyways. We were not made to feel very welcome, not to mention I never even saw them start cleaning the restaurant.I have no idea what the thing is they serve you when you first sit down, but it's really tasty and a nice alternative to chips and salsa. We ordered chicken nachos and enchiladas (ALWAYS get the red sauce!). We shared both as entrees and it was plenty of food. The quality of the ingredients really shines and the overall taste is just delicious. They also bring you a super thin slice of dulce de leche which is freaking AMAZING. Thank god they only bring you a thin slice because that's just enough for me to get my fix, otherwise I would probably order a whole cake and devour the entire thing. But anyways, I highly recommend Anna's :)
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,12/24/2013,22,77,3,2,1>A friend of mine at work came running up to me last week.  "HEY!  You dig zombies, right?!?!?!  Well, there's this super cool store across the street from Junkies that has zombie lunchboxes!!!  And so much other cool shit!  You've gotta check it out!"   I smiled wanly, because I'm quirky..... I'm not to be stereotyped!  I like tons of odd, fun and stupid crap!  (I'm quirky and different dammit..... *sniff*  lol)So I went to visit Happy Happy Joy Joy, and I WAS COMPLETELY BLOWN AWAY!!!!  Where have you been all my life?  It's like the owner took all the stuff I loved in my childhood and I enjoy now out of my head and put it in a store!!!Let's see:  they sell everything from zombie gnomes to slip n slides to giant squirrel masks to awesome art magazines like Juxtipoz to Game of Thrones toys to Ren and Stimpy collectible things to Jesus shaved mugs to................................... aaaahhhhhh!!!Fantastic store.  You must check it out!  There's something for everyone!  I mean, there's cute kid toys too, but there are the awesome toys for us adults!  (QUIRKY DAMMIT!  :) )
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2013,12/23/2013,13,40,1,4,2>Football and pizza. Having just enjoyed (and reviewed) SouthCreek Pizza Co., Pizanos Pizza is a totally different type of pizza experience. Not willing to leave the house during football Sunday we opted to order in. We chose an extra large half Chicken Bacon Alfredo and half Meat Meat and More Meat. I was able to utilize an online coupon for 5 free buffalo wings. The roommate wanted bread sticks so a double order capped off our delivery order. We were told 30-45 minutes but after about 25 minutes the food was here. $31 total (paid with $40 for a good tip). The smells of the food were strong and spurred our appetite. The first thing we noticed is the pizza was pretty greasy. The wings were small (I got what I paid for), and the bread sticks came with 2 marinara and 2 ranch dipping sauces. Now for the taste. Pizza was very good. Alfredo sauce has never been my favorite but it was quite good. The meat covered pizza was meaty and tasty. The bread sticks were awesome! The wings were small and had a overly tangy sauce. Absolutely nothing low cal about this artery clogging meal but so good!
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,12/22/2013,134,27,,3,2>Love this venue!  Comfy couches to cuddle up with your loved one while you watch some great plays.  Staff are a delight and you'll never know whom you might see there!
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2009,12/21/2013,3,12,6,4,4>If you want to stalk me this is the place to find me at! My husband and I go here on our kid free nights, which can be like, once a month, but when we walk in the door the bartender still pulls out two High Lifes and is happy to see us! That's why Shea's is the best.  Its a locals spot, family owned, tons of regulars, buy everyone is welcome.  And for those of you on the prowl, there are always hotties of both genders here. And it's next to that latin club Coco Boom, so if you are into hoochiefied hispanic girls like me, you will for sure love the view out the front door!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,4/27/2014,6,7,,10,4>WOW!!!!! What a great hideaway. Had lunch here today & what a surprise!!! Top Shelf Margaritas were AMAZING!!!  Not skimpy on the liquor at all & served in very large mug, not the little foo foo glasses..Staff so friendly; felt like we've known them for a while!! All were efficient & Knowledgeable of entire large menu.Chips & salsa(s) AWESOME!!! Hearty Corn Tortilla Chips with Green & Red salsa(s) that were both fresh, full flavor & just hot enough to make you want more!!! Staff never let the chips or salsa get too low!!Plates were large with great proportions as well as prices so reasonable. FLAVOR throughout. I could actually taste ingredients without being smothered in sauces & cheese. Top Fresh Ingredients with just the right amount of spices. I had #4 Chicken Taco & Chile Relleno; LOVE IT!!! Beans were fresh tasting without the heavy oil taste.  My Sweety had #7 Chile Verde Steak Enchiladas; the meat so tender it truly fell apart in your mouth. I hate the frozen tiny squared pieces of vegetables in my rice that most places use; NOT HERE!!!! The rice was fluffy with fresh hand cut pieces of bell peppers, carrots & onions; I could make a meal out of that!We never once saw any of the staff sitting or talking in a group. They were cleaning, dusting, doing dishes, stocking glasses, you name it; they were doing it. So impressed!! I thought one last place that is a tell- tell sign for me is the cleanliness in the restrooms; YEP!!!! Looked Clean, Smelled Clean & they even had hot water, nice hand soap & not so stingy paper towel dispensers!!! Anything that we would change??? NOTHING!!!!! Beautiful restaurant, Beautiful & Fun Staff!! Awesome Food & Cocktails!!! We loved it! We were so impressed with the quality of food that we asked if they catered & happily they said yes!!! Our daughter is getting married in June & we truly hadn't found that perfect Caterer. So we brought the soon to be Bride & Groom to dinner tonight & they LOVED IT!! We booked them tonight for the June Wedding!!!! Woo Hoo......Talk about a Family owned establishment!!! I will certainly hand out business cards; I don't often do.... But I feel that GREAT about this place!!
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,4/26/2014,60,13,,8,7>If you like chicken wings, this is the place. The very plump wings come in a basket of 13 with celery and carrots. The restaurant offers a variety of flavors like mild, buffalo, cajun, teriyaki, BBQ and more. And, they are very generous with extra sides of sauce (if needed). While here, I ordered the buffalo wings- perfectly fried. My friend got the cajon dry rub with a side of nitro- also perfectly fried with the right amount of spice. Again, if you love wings then you've got to try this place.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,4/25/2014,39,101,5,7,6>I took my two year old niece here with my older sister to feed the ducks. That was 23 years ago. Now I am taking my two year old son here whenever possible. The ducks are the main attraction here for him. He yells various commands at them, "Hey duck! Wake up! Hey duck! Move over!" Throws handfuls of Cheerios at them. They also like Fruit Loops a great deal. I think It's a change of pace from the oversized bag yellow popcorn everyone feeds them.It can seem a bit, well, less than high class at times. Some dude that lives lakeside likes to blast his radio out of his living room window. It sucks when the beautiful sounds of nature are blanketed by the likes of Supertramp. (No offense to Supertramp lovers out there, everyone loves The Logical Song weather they admit it or not.) And you get the occasional awkward "cruiser". Driving around and around the lake in his low rider Corolla, blasting some unrecognizable bass-laden noise. What is this guy doing? Hitting on Mom's and speed walkers? Take a hike, you look foolish.The playground area is alright, could use some updating though. There is a dog park there as well. Oh, be sure to wear old shoes, you will have duck poop issues, no doubt.It's kind of a classic Reno spot, and that's why I like it. Maybe I will take my grandkid here, 23 years from now.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,4/24/2014,109,173,2,7,6>We went here on a Friday night about 7 pm.  I was kind of surprised that there weren't that many people there.We shared the shrimp rangoons.  I liked the shrimp (instead of your typical crab).  I know they aren't thai food, but I have a soft spot for rangoon.  The sauce was also a thinner version of the typical sticky sweet sauce that you get.  I ordered the Thai Street Noodles that were on special - Thick/Wide noodles with really tender beef, bean sprouts, crispy tofu, and jalapenos.  It was fantastic!  I couldn't stop eating it, but the portions are huge (maybe meant for two people) so there was no way that I could eat it all.  I ordered a level 3 heat and it was perfectly spicy.My boyfriend ordered the panang curry with beef and it comes with a side of jasmine rice.  There is a ton of baby corn in there!  He got a level 4 heat level and kind of regretted not just going for a 3.  Despite that, it was still really delicious.  Again, this portion was huge, so we ended up taking some of both of our entrees home.With an appetizer, two entrees, and two beers (yay for Chang!), we came out just under $40.  We were really impressed with the the amount and quality of food for such a low price.I can't believe we waited to so long to try Thai Lotus.  Being in the Home Depot parking lot, I always figured it was some little hole in the wall with not that great food.  I was definitely wrong and can't wait to go back!
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,4/23/2014,44,188,3,14,12>I've been coming here since the very beginning and it's had it's highs and lows, the lows being the service. I hadn't been here in about 6 months and when I came again I was happy to see the place jam packed. I've been 3 times in the last month and once again it's back to being, in my opinion, the best sushi in Reno. My boyfriend is from the Bay Area and he thinks it's as good as any top rated sushi place there also. The guys behind the bar are very attentive and are happy to be creative and custom make you whatever you like. The very petite Asian hostess/waitress is also excellent. Lunch is only $14.95 and there is no difference between the lunch and dinner menu. Finally they seem to have it all worked out and our last several experiences have been awesome!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,4/22/2014,130,231,9,15,6>I stand by what I originally posted while in the throes of chocolate intoxication - amazing handmade bites of pure bliss.I have gone by here on numerous occasions and have resisted the temptation to stop and splurge. I finally gave in to my craven urges hoping against hope I would be horribly disappointed and not be tempted again.Oh Dorinda, you siren of chocolate song, you purveyor of silken nuggets of phenylethylamine. How you call out to me! Your chocolates are amazing and I am doomed to be forever in your chocolate bondage.The shop is lovely and in a perfect location along the tree-lined river walk in the elegant old neighborhood of the Powning Addition just west of downtown. It is also next door to hub coffee. With a great, shady patio area one can enjoy two favorite addictions in one place in a beautiful setting. I bought a four piece box of dark chocolates - sea salt caramel, peanut butte truffle, Caramel melt away, and marshmallow caramel - for $8.50. Yes it is expensive, but it is top quality with fresh ingredients. They let you sample before you buy and put your purchases in a classy little box tied up with a purple ribbon. So glad she moved here - otherwise I would have had to drive all the way to Truckee to get her chocolates.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,4/21/2014,128,132,,8,7>What have I been waiting for? I've worked less than a mile from this awesome spot for nearly ten years and never stopped in. I finally stopped in today for lunch to go.They have a small parking lot that was full so I parked on Mill St. and walked over. At 12:15pm this place was packed full of hungry patrons like myself. The line was long but moving quickly, so after a reasonable wait, I was able to place my order. I went with the Turkey Pesto sandwich on garlic bread. They have an option for either basil pesto or sundried tomato, I chose the basil, which ended up being a great choice as it was delicious. The sandwich was a good size, stacked with turkey, tomato and fresh greens and was served with a small side salad and a big pickle wedge. The garlic bread was amazing. Not your usual toasted style garlic bread but fresh bread that had garlic cloves baked into it.  This place is truly a 5 star joint. The food is awesome, the staff is friendly, the place itself is quirky and interesting, prices are reasonable, ingredients are fresh and most important of all, the owners are awesome and contributing members of the community
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,4/20/2014,6,12,1,3,2>Favorite Mexican restaurant in Reno! I've been going here since I was a kid so maybe I'm a wee bit biased.  I LOVE their shrimp enchiladas and their pico de gallo! The mariachi is super friendly.  I didn't give it a full 5 stars because I've had some great servers and some not so great servers.  But if you are looking for some delicious Mexican food this is a place to go.  Also the only place I know of that serves goat.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,4/19/2014,96,4,4,13,5>Nick + Pat = Haircuttin' Machines!Men, seriously, if you're looking for a quality cut, look no further -- did I mention it's only $15 dollars?!The StoryI have been cutting my own hair since I was 15-years-old; and at the ripe ol' age of 27, I decided, I can afford to see a professional. I'm also SUPER picky when it comes to my hair, just ask my wife. But on a recommendation from a friend, I gave these guys a try, and I've since retired my clippers.Who Are These Guys?Professional is the word. These guys operate a two-man show like you've never seen before. Each offer their own style to cutting your hair, quick and precise to calculated and efficient, but each will work meticulously to get your look just the way you want it. I don't know Pat too well, but Nick is my main-guy, especially since he's an L.A. Dodgers fan. Haters gon' hate.Worth The WaitWhen you get to this place, you're best advised to either arrive first thing, or be willing to wait it out, because words out that these two are some of the best at their craft. As an added bonus: They both finish off your haircut with a oldtime razor edge finish, using this warm moose/foam concoction that feels amazing. It's what I imagine girls feel when they get their hair shampooed/massaged. #dontjudgemeNewcomer EtiquetteDon't be awkward and wait to ask them, "So do I get a number for my place in line?" Simply see where you fall in line with those already waiting, grab a magazine and pop a seat. Pat and Nick, they both really dig on hockey -- the one sport we don't have in Reno -- and you will be quick to learn that it's always on the television there (not a bad thing).Although, they seem a bit intimidating to the uninitiated, they're both really cool guys, and welcome conversation. For example, I've talked about everything from sports and family to tech startups and Reno's future economic development, with the seasoned duo. Bring cash. I want to say they take credit/debit, but for the sake of time, etc. take out a $20, and tip them well. They are charging about $5-$10 less for the quality cut you get.And, if you're really timid and afraid of human interaction -- bring a friend along! It's a great way to pass the time and not feel so inclined to not seem, well, awkward.Rumor Has It ...Another barber will be joining forces at Maxwell's Barbershop in June this year, to make it a trio of mean hair cuttin' and mid-line fade havin', edward scissor-hands type of skill to a head of hair near you. (Source of rumor: Nick & Pat)Happy Yelping!--JDB--
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,4/18/2014,74,19,,7,2>They have the best mole in town!! I've been a regular for years, yet just recently discovered the mole...I've been missing out! The platter of chicken mole arrives with beans and rice and the mole is sweet, flavorful and has a slight tang, which immediately transports you on a mental vacation to a setting of palm trees and flip flops. Raul tends bar and will sip with you through the latest additions to his tequila offerings. The same staff has been in place for as long as I can remember, which is a testament to the quality of the experience.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,6/19/2014,108,55,,8,4>Big menu took me a while to decide. The girl who waited on me was very polite and didn't mind that I was taking so long. I eventually went with a carne asada taco, cheese quesadilla, and a chile relleno. The taco had ample meat and topped with pico de gallo and guacamole. The relleno was actually two small chiles filled with lots of cheese and drenched in a red sauce. Very tasty. The quesadilla was large and filling I mostly ordered it as a vehicle to try their salsa bar which has 6 different salsas and picos and a spicy guacamole. Unfortunately I couldn't finish it and could have probably just had that as a meal by itself. All of the salsas were good and I will definitely go back. The service was quick and friendly and the food was served hot.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,6/18/2014,4,11,,13,6>As a small business owner, I understand the importance of communication. David knocks that one out of the park. Texts, emails and phone calls were all answered promptly. During my dog's stay, David provided updates with photos. After I picked my Lhasa, David followed up with me the next day to see how she had re-adjusted. That's some serious customer service, which sticks out, since rarely do I encounter that anymore. David had a calm demeanor and a gentle approach with my dog. I felt very comfortable leaving her in his care. When we picked her up, she seemed very calm and relaxed. This was a far cry from her previous stay at a local kennel, where she was obviously anxious and smelled like urine when I picked her up. The difference was night and day. Unfortunately we were delayed coming home, and David was able to accommodate us on the fly. Because of a sudden onset of stomach flu, we missed our flight back and had to drive home the following day. This required an additional day of care, and David was there for us. At that point we had to find a new way home, a new hotel room for the night, inform work, and deal with cancellations while in the ER. Everything else was a hassle to deal with, except David, who gave us one less thing to worry about. I would recommend and absolutely use again.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,6/17/2014,16,7,1,5,4>I am very impressed with this place. I dropped off my strut tower brace late Friday afternoon. Sarita was most helpful in finding a color match for the part bast on the color of my calipers. She promised it would be ready by the following Friday, which I was fine with.To my surprise, she called me back on Monday and said it was ready to go! The color is a perfect match to other parts on my car. I would highly recommend them for anyone looking to have some powder coating done!
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,6/16/2014,1,33,,2,1>YES the yelp reviews were telling the truth yet again. Jenny is the BOMB! Safari Nails is in the Plaza with Raleys and Cosmo Pro. Its right next to a Hair salon. Forgot the name sorry lol.I had to find a new nail tech because I felt my old one was getting sloppy because my gel nails were lifting away from my real nails and that is a health hazard because fungus can grow in between there. I think it was due to the tech never filing underneath which I thought was standard nail procedure but anyways neither here nor there.I called and made an appt. with Jenny she is a very busy lady but she is worth it. She takes her time to make sure the job is done right. I got a full set + pedi. Im very happy I switched. I will be going back. Thank you yelpers.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,6/15/2014,0,6,,2,2>This grooming salon is great! I took my 2 year old border collie mix in for his first summer shave. I made my decision just on the yelp reviews alone, and I'm glad i did. I called and was able to get an appointment that day, unlike Petsmart. Both ladies I talked to were very nice and showed they really do care about the quality work they do. They were great with customer service. I was asked what specifically i wanted done and he came out looking great! Easy  to find, right next to Pizza Hut. The decor wasn't so great and had me skeptical, but  I would recommend them to anyone. Only $55 for him being a medium size dog. Great work ladies, I will definitely be back next year!
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,6/14/2014,66,102,,7,3>I love this studio so much.  I can always depend that I will have a great class, instructor, and class energy regardless of when I drop in.  As a new student, you can purchase $20 for 20 days of bikram. I also really appreciate their karma class for $8, where all proceeds go to a local charity.  It generally tends to be a very popular class, get there early to relax and set up your mat.  Then there are the $10 community classes offered at least once a day.  A great option if you can't afford to come on a daily basis.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,6/13/2014,126,122,16,8,8>A French-type brewery dedicated to the patron saint of Spain that runs muted vintage Westerns and boasts historic/industrial decor?Who's the artsy beer-snob hipster responsible for this madness!?!?I mean, I don't really get it either but, hey, the food is good. I've had the Salmon Salad twice now, as well as a few white wines (because, whites with fish make a happier dish). Both experiences have been delightful. Though the dining area is spacious, it's also quite noisy- as it butts right up to a wrap-around bar that is almost always packed. - My boyfriend absolutely inhaled one of their signature burgers. In-fuggin-haled. So...that's a compliment (albeit sans-classerie). - Be sure to make a reservation on the weekend, or your asserie will have to wait. - Not a pub, not a sports bar, so keep composure and don't be crasserie. - Notice the $$ below; bring enough casherie. - If you're not into a hipster scene you might want to passerie. (Although you'll regret it because the food is delightful. They've taken traditional foods and made them quite tasty, they've created some sort of pub-American-French fusion. I dig it. )** Great date night spot. ** Pool table in back** Live music from time to timeOverall, I'm impressed. I hope they lasterie, because this lasserie is definitely a fan.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,6/12/2014,381,562,3,13,8>An excellent First Night Opening evening!  We were lucky to be the very first customers to try out this stupendous menu of fresh and unique offerings....The following section is written by Kiwi S.:It's been an amazing experience all around. Right when we walked in, we were all greeted warmly and seated right away (we had reservations). There's no kids menu yet, but they did have some paper slips and crayons to draw with. Even so, this place easily qualifies as kid-friendly. Everyone has been really nice, and the music is kid friendly as well. I got the Mac n' cheese (which has potato chips on top) which was excellent portion and excellent quality. We all split the Chocolate Peak for dessert. It was ah-maze-ing. The Oreo-like chocolate wafer created the perfect crunch to add to the rich mousse and ganache, whereas the whipped cream added the perfect fluffiness to balance it all at. Also, the sauce on the sides fairly shouted out the chocolate to really pull it all together, just right. All in all, it was an amazing meal. Kiwi's Rating: 5 Stars, for excellent service and excellent food. Written by Robert S.I had decided that we wouldn't go on the Opening Night earlier in the week, but changed my mind I just couldn't resist such an interesting new place.  From the very beginning our experience was superb.  The reservations and hostess, the meal with Adam and his support team all the way through dessert, everything was top notch.  And I doubt it was just because we were the very first customers.  Adams service was very attentive and patient.  We really did put him through the paces, peppering him with questions through the whole meal.I ordered up the schnitzel of the night, added the DROPP salad, finished with a chocolate peak dessert.  All while I sipped at the best Manhattan I've ever had.  If you want prices for our meal I've taken a snapshot of the receipt as well as most if not all of the items we ordered.I really liked how the menu was really full of many selections for the evening.  This really follows with the idea that this is more "market available" focused.  My schnitzel was so very unique and savory.   There were of course a number of "offal" offerings as many standard fare.The inside is VERY spacious and open.  It's single room concept reminded me of a number of places in Chicago.  The decor is of course clean and sharp with cool stone tones and complimentary wood grains, textures and colors.  This will be a great place to take in a meal and run into friends or just relax and watch the many different people fill the place up.One thing that I did notice was that the bar was on the back wall and was quickly filled with diners.  I'm sure that they have plans when the place is full to make sure people have easy access to the bar and it seems they have a lounge area comfortable and ready for people as they wait for their table.My first impression of this business is overall greatness.  It's diverse menu and creative offerings from the bar make this a definite go to in the future.  So even though they were still going through opening day pains, this meal and the service were as good and even better than many meals I have had from long established businesses.A few notes of interest...They are working on a kids menu.They are looking into a Happy Hour of some sort.They will be serving breakfast every day.The hotel has valet that is also available to the restaurant patrons.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,6/11/2014,32,59,4,13,6>Located smack dab in the middle of hipsterville Death and Taxes is the epitome of hipster bar.  If you are looking for a PBR and a shot of Jameson-this isn't the place for you, if you are looking for a drinking experience then head over.  Each cocktail is handcrafted with quality ingredients and attention to detail.  Ivan and crew pride themselves on their house made simple syrups and their use of only the best mixers as well as fresh fruit and herbs (grown right out front).The first time I went to this bar I felt it was a little "too cool for school" but once you get past the ultra black inside and the uber pretentious drink menu you find yourself in a bar that truly cares about the craft and the guests enjoyment.  Over this past weekend I took a bartending class at Death and Taxes and was delighted to learn how easy it is to make the best Margarita I've ever tasted!  I highly recommend not only the bar but the classes as well.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,6/10/2014,279,192,1,11,5>I am SO excited that there is a blow dry bar in Midtown.  SO EXCITED!  It is great that there are so many places to get one's hair cut in town.  And I speculate that almost any stylist working at a salon would give a client a blow out if she asked. But now that Drybar has made blow outs a "thing" that one gets "at a blow out bar," I want my blow outs to happen at a place that markets them.  I was pleased to learn in November about the opening of the Reno Blow Dry Bar at The Summit, but I was ecstatic to learn about Atelier in Midtown.  If I'm going to do something totally bougie like get a blow out, I prefer to do it near where I live and in a part of Reno that I wish to see thrive!I learned about Atelier through Yelp on a Saturday morning, and it was easy to book an appointment for that day on atelierbeautybar.com  I appreciate this feature of their appointment scheduling system, as the systems used by some salons do not permit same-day bookings.  At Atelier, a blow out costs $30 for a 60 minute appointment.  Such a great price!  The Reno Dry Bar charges $35 for 55 minutes, and the ATL and SF Drybar locations charge $40 for 55 minutes.  But if one checks in on Yelp, a deep conditioning treatment and a blow out cost $25!  Squeee!Atelier is a new salon that is owned by a mother and a daughter who have been in the beauty industry for a number of years.  I booked my appointment with Erica.  In February, two additional stylists will come on board.  Until then, the availability of walk-in appointments seems like it might be limited, since folks might already be working on clients.  While I was getting my blow out, a male client walked in, but as Erica was the only stylist working between 10:30 and 11 am, he went elsewhere rather than waited.  Service and professionalism: five stars.  Erica was so friendly and we engaged in just the right amount of pleasant "you're in a salon" chit-chat while she worked on my hair.  More importantly to me, however, was that she could talk eloquently about the purpose of the deep conditioning treatment and that she conveyed excellent some "here's how to blow-dry your hair at home" tips.  As a philosopher, I can ask folks "why?" and "how?" questions 'til the cows come home.  Erica answered two very important questions that have been on my mind since I got an asymmetrical bob cut at Christmas: why does my hair seem "longer" on the right side of my head, and how can I made that side of my hair look not-longer and more tamed?  I love lookin' purty once I leave the salon, but it's educating me how to replicate that look on a daily basis that earns my loyalty.  I love the decor of the salon: lots of white, lots of silver, lots of mirrors.  The front windows and door face Mary St, which is a one-way street heading east.  What this means is that one can't turn onto Mary St from Virginia, but it does mean that once you realize this fact, you can plan your route accordingly and snag one of the many street parking spots on Mary.  Although I love me some solitude, it's fun to go to a salon that is "hopping."  Perhaps once people learn about Atelier, it will acquire that vibe.Although this review is based on a blow out (which turned out fabulously, by the way), Atelier is a full service salon and offers hair, nail, and waxing services.  Since I live above a salon that I like, I know that I will have a very difficult decision when it comes time for my next cut.  Either way, I'll definitely be returning to Atelier when I want a blow out treat!
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2014,10/28/2014,113,346,2,8,6>I get free boots through work every year from another local store but mine wore out sooner than expected this year. I thought this would be a great excuse to try another shop and company.The employee was great in trying to answer my questions as they have an entire wall of boots and my questions were as vague as "Are any of them lighter than the others?" After focusing on a composite toe instead of steel and making sure they were slip resistant my choices were narrowed down.I went with a pair of Bates boots that look more military issue than industrial focused. The employee also pointed out a great pair of insoles and let me take them out of the package and slide them into the shoe to get a true fit test. After a bit of walking around in the store I committed to them. I've only been wearing them for about a week at work now but they are great. Definitely tall as they fall mid-calf, but lighter weight than others I have worn as well as being squishy under my foot with the Timberland insole.I will definitely come back if I need work specific items as the sale was quick and easy and the customer service was great.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2014,10/27/2014,170,213,1,8,7>Very cool and clean place to take the kids.  My son loved it and we had a lot of fun.  It is pricey but I feel it was worth it since he had such a great time.  I was shocked at how fast those karts actually go.  I was worried that my nine year old son wouldn't be able to handle it but he did really well.  He even bumped me a few times to my dismay.  The staff was very knowledgeable and friendly and I felt that they were well educated on the use of the karts.  The karts could actually be pretty dangerous if not driven properly but the staff did a great job explaining to use how they worked.  We will be back.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2014,10/26/2014,83,259,4,7,8>Rounds Bakery has a terrific selection of bagels (my fav is wheat!), schmears, donuts, sandwiches and soups.  Some examples of their schmears includes berry blast, honey maple walnut, jalapeno artichoke and lox.  In the donut family, they have apple fritters (yum), cronuts, and red velvet donuts.  They have hummus, pb&j sandwiches, and a 3 cheese blend pannini.  They also offer coffee and espresso drinks.  I tried the hazelnut latte with hemp milk...it was perfect.There's plenty of inside seating, and some outside as well.  There's a meeting room available, and free wifi.  If you prefer to cozy up, there's some comfy couches provided.  There's artwork to enjoy, along with gorgeous jewelry.  Rounds Bakery, you play dirty, wooing me with pretty baubles, caffeine and sweet delectable. I am yours!
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2014,10/25/2014,111,78,,5,7>My boyfriend and I moved into these apartments from Texas because he was offered a job here. We came up in May to scope out places and this was really the only place we liked (we looked at about 8-9 places). For the money, location, and size, these aren't a bad deal. Other places we visited weren't as nice and were charging close to the same price, or more, AND I felt unsafe at some of the others. We moved in at the beginning of July 2014. We live on the third floor in a one bedroom. The third floor has vaulted ceilings in the living room which is pretty cool and it looks neat. This was definitely a little bit of a downsize; we previously lived in a two bedroom before and used the extra room for storage. However, we got a garage to park my boyfriends car and we are able to store tons of stuff down there, so it really isn't an issue. I believe we pay $775 a month for the one bedroom then $60 for the garage. Not too bad. If you don't get a garage, I think they give everyone a little room on the first floor in a storage closet free of charge. I believe we had new carpets when we moved in but they are already getting stains, regardless of what happens and how much I clean it. So that's a tad annoying. These don't have the high end granite countertops or stainless steel appliances, but that's overrated if you ask me. I think the appliances are fine and work great. The stove is gas which is amazing because we didn't have that in our last apartment. The pantry is definitely a great size which is also a plus. There is tons of storage for dishes and pots and pans as well.All of the rooms are a decent size. We also have a fireplace in our apartment which will be amazing when it gets cold. Each apartment also has a little balcony which is awesome to enjoy the weather each night. It's definitely a nice size because I have chairs out there and frequently do my yoga as well so, not small by any means. I would say Griselda and the other lady who work in the office are both nice and super helpful. They are always greeting me and are very personable. I even see one of the ladies working out in the gym quite frequently with a trainer. I use the gym here about 5-6 times a week and, it's by no means LA Fitness, but it gets the job done. There are free weights, a bench, two treadmills, two ellipticals and a few other leg/arm machines.  Another plus is that it's usually never that busy. I've only ever seen two people in there working out at a time with me. Most of the time, I have it to myself and sometimes I talk with the maintenance guys (their office is in there). There are three of them and they are all pretty nice! They are always helpful, personable, and are on top of fixing stuff. They are just great guys.These apartments have a pool, which is open seasonally, and a hot tub that is open year around. I've used both and, while the pool is small, it's still okay for short laps. The hot tub is awesome and even has jets. The grounds at these apartments are kept up well and I've never noticed trash on the ground or overflowing trashcans. There are doggy stations all around with baggies to pick up your dogs poo; I've always seen others actually using them so that's appreciated. Besides being pretty nice and a decent price, these apartments are by a lot of sweet stuff. A mall is about 1-2 minutes away and there are other stores and restaurants close by as well: Target, TJ Max, ATT, GNC, and Lowes just to name a few. Downtown Reno is also only about a 10 minute ride away which is awesome. The Marina is also right across the street which is SO awesome! There is a park, sand, volleyball courts, and path to run or walk on. It's so beautiful and I love having it close by. All in all, I know I haven't lived here long, but I'm really enjoying these apartments. Everyone is friendly, it's pet friendly, I feel safe, it's close to tons of stuff, and it's not a bad price. I'm sure my boyfriend and I will live here for a few years until we can save up enough money to buy a house. I would seriously recommend these apartments!
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,10/24/2014,442,183,,12,6>I am so lucky to have a boss who loves to take me to restaurants for me to rave about on Yelp. This place is a must go if you love calamari. Why? The calamari is not like the little chewy rings you get from Olive Garden or mixed with fried vegetables at Red Lobster. SoDo uses calamari steak, I thought they looked weird when it first came out, but once it was in my mouth, I was floored!This must be the most tender squid I have ever had for awhile. Perfectly crusted with a tangy aioli dipping sauce. I already was inhaling that appetizer before my other co-workers could even get another bite.For entree, I had the BLT and goodness sake,  this BLT will rock your taste buds. It comes on this buttery sourdough bread, Jalapeño Bacon, and garlicky aioli, nice slices of tomatoes and spring mix salad. It seems quite simple, but whoever is assembling these sandwiches know what a good BLT should look like. Can't wait to bring my in-laws to this place during Hot August Nights weekend. It is definitely a place for any locals to check this little quaint place out. This place has casual food with a modern twist - clean white plates to show off colorful food, awesome waitstaff, great natural lighting, and friendly atmosphere. Tip: Bring quarters if you go there for lunch, parking is limited on the streets. Plus, make reservations, as this place can get packed real quick!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2014,10/23/2014,94,403,2,10,6>Why did I wait so long to come here???If you enjoy a truly thin crust pizza they have it mastered.  We ended up trying their 16" cheese pizza and added pepperoni and mushrooms.  It was brought to our table within about 15 minutes and was very tasty.  They also have Firestone DBA on tap. (A great pairing with our selection.)  They use five or six different types of cheese and the crust is crispy on the bottom.  IMO, It has pole vaulted over other pizza places in the area.They have brunch on Saturdays and Sundays equipped with a Bloody Mary bar and you can also have all you can drink mimosas (Both too dangerous for us at noon, but we may be back to try it when we are walking and not driving.)
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,10/22/2014,12,29,1,10,8>I wish I lived closer to Burger Me. No, on second thought I'd eat there way too often! Hands down the best burger in Reno/Truckee. My recommendation: Burger with cheddar, grilled onions, avocado, and all the fixings. Just try to say no to that.Its a casual dining place, walk up to the counter and place your order then find an open table. If they aren't too busy you might get your food delivered to the table, otherwise you have to go get it. If you're in a hurry there is a drive through, but this is not McDonald's. Don't expect the food to be ready by the time you get to the window, someone is actually cooking that burger for you. They've got a lot of cool options if you aren't looking for a burger. The Philly Cheese Steak is amazing. There's a bison burger, a stuffed burger, gluten free buns, milkshakes, and beer on tap. What more could you want?
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2014,10/21/2014,59,298,4,5,7>Family is in town and was wanting Sushi/Sake....  So being a Elite Yelper (*Wink) I jumped on my cell to check out what was close and what was open.,Bing this hit my cell first because it was one of my bookmarks....   Off we go walking from the Eldorado on a very nice Sept afternoon.....  Walking up the stairs I asked if he wanted to sit outside because it was so nice.....   "Nope, because I like to sit and watch them make my food"  So off to the bar for us.We ordered one large sake for the two of us, which when it came to us the bottle was warm to the touch.  I couldn't figure out why, this was the first time I had sake in a restaurant that they served it warm. They asked us if we were going to have the "all you can eat"...   No way we tried that on at Circus Circus and went home sick from the food.We started out with Spring Rolls, and asked Betsa what she would recommend, after telling her what we liked and didn't like.  She made us up a dish that wasn't on the menu and had no name (picture taken).  Then she had to go on her lunch and Jauna took over for her.He also made us a special dish (picture was taken) that wasn't on the menu, again it was 5 stars and layer with some many tastes that was amazing All I got to say is I will be coming back and bring more people/family in to try this place.  I have found my Sushi restaurant for Reno
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,10/20/2014,144,209,2,6,5>It was my first time ever doing this and I was so happy that I did it. So much fun.I never went to the old location so I can't comment on it but this new location is adorable. Fun and festive and when I walked in and saw that they had a full bar, the angels started singing...Great Music, great atmosphere a really nice selection of wines by the bottle or glass and great prices.There were a few birthday's happening while we were there. Which I think is a great way to celebrate. Small parking lot but there is plenty of parking on the street or next door at the offices. I would highly recommend doing this. It seems like it is very popular now that I am following them on Facebook. I will definitely be going there again.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2014,10/19/2014,112,249,,13,7>Although the cell reception may be terrible, these apartments are beautiful. You canjust get wireless Internet and it fixes the problem. The club has a fully equipped gym, a sauna, media room, and computer lab all open 24 hrs for residents. The pool is maintained daily and always a crystal blue like a pool is supposed to be! The staff is always very friendly and welcoming as well. The clubhouse also has an awesome coffee machine! The apartments themselves are very luxurious. Some are upgraded with new lighting, faucets, counter tops, and blinds,  but the regular ones are just as nice. They come with a washer and dryer which is something I always look for in a future residence. The patios are a little small but that's okay. You can have the option of a detached garage,  but the garages are only in one area so your unit may not be located next to it. They have 1, 2, a larger 2, and 3 bedroom units available that are my opinion decently priced for all of the amenities you get. All units come equipped with an alarm system which I think is an absolute must. There is a lighted basketball court next to the pool that could very well be used for tennis and near by there are some hiking trails worth taking a pet for a walk on. It's nestled back a bit off of los altos parkway in the hills a bit so it's nice and quiet. You have to pay for water, sewer, garbage separately,  but it is only 43 total and it's included in your rent.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,1/31/2014,572,138,1,11,4>This newest addition to Reno's galaxy of Mexican cuisine opened just as 2013 was making its last bows, and I think they're off to a pretty good start. I've watched this space during its remodel over the past year, and for a while wondered whether Bistro Habanero was coming or going. I actually had to create this Yelp page in order to write a review ... it's that new!As it happened, I was putting gas in my truck (it's next-door to a gas station I frequent) and noticed the lighted OPEN sign in the window. Even though I wasn't really hungry, I wanted to check the place out and purchase a nibble to take home. Although there is plenty of Mexican fare on the menu, they also have some Salvadoran cuisine. I ordered two of the most common Salvadoran favorites, pupusa rebuelta and pupusa queso y loroco, and hurried home to share them with my wife.In a word, OUTSTANDING! In particular, I really enjoyed the pupusa rebuelta and will definitely be back for more. The service was very friendly, the place is clean & nicely decorated, and in general was a far cry from what I had expected during their lengthy build-out. On a repeat visit I tried the ceviche tostada special and a stacked quesadilla. The ceviche gave me pause because it's the first time I can recall having this item with refried beans in the mix. However, I was pleasantly surprised by how well these flavors combined, and the half-moon fried tortilla was light and crispy underneath all the fish, veggies, and sauce. The stacked quesadilla (meat & veggies & cheese, oh my!) was totally tasty, and my wife enjoyed the mix of tacos she ordered. Everything tasted very fresh, including the tortilla chips.P.S. they're open for breakfast Mon-Sat at 6:30am (10am Sun). Might have to make a detour on my way to work!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,1/30/2014,105,130,3,9,2>Ok, this is one of my new favorite places! I am so glad this place contributes to the success of the Eddy House. It's such an awesome concept to help young adults from foster homes transition into adulthood with assistance. Our waitress (super nice and attentive, might I add) told us about the restaurant and the Eddy House and how it's pretty much a full circle in the way they run both. Who doesn't love helping a great cause AND having a delicious meal?!The food...oh my goodness! My boyfriend and I went for lunch and I'm still drooling over how good it was and its later in the day. I told him I wanted to try this place after reading great things about it on Yelp (thanks a bunch!). We ordered a side salad and soup with each of our pot pies. I ordered the Gorgonzola salad and southwest pie, and he ordered the minestrone soup with the steak pie. EVERYTHING was to die for. I couldn't shut up about how great everything tasted the whole time we ate. He thoroughly enjoyed all of it, too. I was so, so impressed by the crust and the flavors of the pot pies. Needless to say, it was unforgettable. I definitely recalled the berry pie from other reviewers, and although we were stuffed, I talked him into splitting one because I had to try it. Just when I thought it couldn't get any better, the berry pie knocked my socks off! It is SO berry-liscious (I just made up that word to describe the taste because other words don't cut it)!!!So, to the people who are tougher to impress, trust me on this place. I'm not just hyping it up for the hell of it. I cannot wait to return and I even had to tell our waitress that! She was even kind to give us each a 10% off coupon on our next visit!Sorry, I need to cut it here or I'll make this even longer... Love you, Z PIE!!!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,1/29/2014,157,550,,6,3>Wild River is perhaps my favorite restaurant in Reno.  We tend to come back on a monthly-or-so basis, and last night, I realized that I've never had a less than stellar meal and experience here.  I love the short ribs, and the steak, being the red-meat carnivorous eater that I am.  Last night I branched out and had the halibut special.  It was perfection on a plate.  Perfectly cooked, generous portion of halibut lightly bathed in a light wine sauce, with their delicious mashed potatoes, and crisp fresh vegetables.  My husband had the duck - again - but they always manage to slightly change up the menu, without compromising what you love best about each entree. And the portion sizes are just right, enough to make you full, but not too much that you feel badly about waste.   Service here is IMPECCABLE.  We have always been treated with such kindness and grace.  Last night we arrived during a fairly busy later dinner hour, and I kindly asked if there was a table for 2 outside.  The hostess said of course, she'd make it happen, and that is gold, baby.  The live music outdoors in the summer is the cherry on top.  I don't think Wild River gets the recognition it deserves.  Being in close proximity to Campo, I think it gets overlooked.  Campo, though, is quite overrated, and inconsistent.  Wild River is consistently stellar, a great place for a romantic meal with your fave person, or for a group of friends.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,1/28/2014,142,283,1,17,7>Man, I get having your friends and families write some reviews to get some traction on Yelp, but having a bunch of 5 star reviews from first time reviewers makes any new business look a little shady, especially when the reviews don't have much substance.  Makes it look like they're trying too hard, instead of letting natural reviews take hold.In any case, these slightly shilish reviews made me want to check this place out, even if I had a slightly sour taste in my mouth going in.I had seen that there was some work going on in this space (formerly Rugierri's) a month or so ago, but it fell off my radar.  Space is pretty much the same - they've got 3 pairs of small tables up front (set up basically as 3 four-tops).  Obviously not looking to have a lot of dine-in business, but mainly to go.  A large, empty counter dominates most of the space, and the space feels a bit unfinished, with plain walls, no interior decorations, etc, so no ambience to speak of but not a big deal for me.  The kitchen is viewable behind the counter.Looks like they're tied to the Peluso's in King's Beach, though not sure if it's same owners or what.I ordered a 9" clam Florentine ($8.30) and an escarole salad ($6) to go.  Who knows why I ordered to go - I'm usually pretty anti-togo (why bother bringing home trash, when I can just dine in comfort out?).  Order was prepared quick, probably around 10 minutes, though they said it'd be 15.The pizza was solid - fantastic thin crust, with generous amounts of chopped clams, and flavors blending nicely.  Salad was fine as well - lots of escarole, with a few thin slices of tomato, salami, and a decent provolone.  The balsamic vinaigrette seemed to be house made.  Looking over the menu, the pizzas look to be somewhere in the middle - not quite on the level of the fancy, wood-fired pizza options in town (i.e. Campo and Southcreek) but solid thin Napoletana style.    Solid pies, and I feel like their personal pie prices are very fair - looks like anywhere from $6 to $10-ish.Some new business kinks - I noticed when I got home no napkins or anything.  I'm assuming they'll offer napkins, red pepper and Parmesan packets, plasticware, etc for to go orders.  I'm not dinging them for this, as I can make due without that stuff.Looking forward to trying out a grinder there too . . . . seems very reasonably priced at $7 for a 9".I'm glad to see this new addition to the neighborhood, and will try and stop in again in the future.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,1/27/2014,281,194,4,9,6>In a nutshell....   This place is something fantastic.  Sitting next to the watery fire pit, watching some cool concert footage of artists you tend to like but not own and records of, drinking some fine libations served by super nice staff.The Fireside is cool.  The kind of cool that old-school blokes and younger hipsters like equally.  It isn't a club, it's a lounge.  Dark with an old-school futuristic feel.  Like you are on a space ship from 1964.When at the Peppermill, you gotta stop and chill for a while.  It takes you out of the casino and far away - to a place you wish you were at more often.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,1/25/2014,126,122,5,6,6>"Where diets go to die..."Should be the slogan. Reno is quirky*. And, admittedly, I appreciate its color and tangy flavors, its grisly bits and charred charm, even the sloppy* mess it often reduces its visitors to. Because you can find beige suburbia just about everywhere these days. And that's no fun.Which is why the Best in the West Nugget Rib Cook-Off is such an appealing Reno adventure. Not only is there a smorgasbord of origin-ambiguous meats to savor, but the visual buffet is just as, um, intriguing*. I recommend arriving with low/realistic expectations. This is not the cuisine nor the venue for those with refined palettes and an aversion to handy-wipes. You'll likely eat standing up. You'll likely get sauce on your shirt. You'll likely step in something squishy. But beyond all that, you'll also likely have a good time. Beer is in abundance: drink it. Ribs and sauces are presented with pride: eat them. Music is live: dance to it. Embrace your inner oddball and have a good time. Also, the food isn't cheap-o. "Cook-off" doesn't men "slingin' our scraps to the masses". Bring cash. Not appropriate for vegan, vegetarian, PETA affiliates or spice-haters. *Interchangeable with: weird, oddly attractive, inexplicably charming, positively hick, an image of absynthe-crazed nightmares.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,1/24/2014,381,562,3,10,5>A few weeks ago my wife noticed that Ijji was slated to open a new place in the Walmart shopping center on Steamboat.  We like the other Ijji locations OK but they aren't places that draw our sushi dollars.  One of the things that makes us return to a sushi place is that we make a good connection with the staff.  And sadly we haven't made connections with anyone at either of the first two Ijji restaurants.  And in fact the one time we went to Ijji two we had a great food experience, but just no connection with the chef behind the counter.  It's been business and silence and business.  My sushi requests filled dutifully and expertly....but now I have Ijji 3 to review.Great first impression.  Ricardo gave us the same high quality service we have gotten from the other Ijji properties.  He also gave us some of his own off menu selections, designing some nigiri choices and roll choices based on our dietary needs and likes.  No cream cheese, no scallops and some spice.  His two chef's choice rolls built specifically for us were spot on.  On top of that we had the excellent Godzilla Deluxe and the sweet hot and wonderfully light Jamaica Hot roll.  For Nigiri we had some cajun tuna, two tasty chefs choice nigiri with a little fresh jalapeno for personalization, My Rainbow handroll was customized happily with cilantro and green onion, my wife liked ocean fire and next time will bump the spicy just a step more.   I also the quail egg shooters a great no soy sauce version, moon dog stars - a special version of crab rangoon, one order of mussels medium size and regular fare. And finally some Ikura, My thought was, freshly opened sushi bar means freshly opened package of Ikura.  I was right.For dessert my wife had the green tea ice cream, still not her favorite version.  No biggie, just a personal preference.  I had the dessert orange, tasty tart and a perfect ending to a great first meal in a new restaurant.$22.95 for dinner $15.95. $12.95/$15.95 children's prices.Windows are blacked out so don't let that confuse you.  They are open.With the excellence of this first experience we will be returning soon, hoping to build a rapport with the new guys in our neighborhood.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2013,1/23/2014,279,192,,7,4>Dorinda's Chocolates is a great addition to the small block of shopping on Riverside Drive.  This artisan chocolatier is located between Hub Coffee Roasters and a new salon called Hello Darling.  The entrance and front wall is constructed of glass, which makes the store look sleek and modern.  One wall contains a selection of pre-packaged chocolates and candy.  Opposite this wall is the display counter of handmade chocolates.  The selection varies by season and day, but there are always at least ten different kinds of chocolates, truffles, caramels, and bon bons.  Don't miss the plate of samples along the back wall!  Four pieces of chocolate cost $8.50 and twelve pieces cost $22.  Dorinda's packages the chocolates that one selects in a small transparent plastic box: a handsome and delicious gift.  I have been impressed by the service each time I've visited, especially when I arrived at 6 pm--just as the owner was locking the front door--but was nevertheless served courteously.  Dorinda's isn't the most amazing chocolatier that I've visited--that honor goes to the now-closed Sugar-Coated Radical in Atlanta--but it's pretty awesome, and I'm glad that it exists.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,1/22/2014,45,23,1,11,7>I was SO excited when MariChuy's opened up in MidTown!  I live nearby and it is my go-to place whether I want a drink, snack, or meal.  After living in Texas for 18 years, Mexican food was a very specific thing to me.  Turns out I like Michoacan MUCH better than TexMex!  MariChuy's is truly fresh Mex.  Not only can you taste it you can even see it in their clear glass walk-in fridge that faces the dining room.The drinks are unique and refreshing, the appetizers are delicious and great for sharing, and the entrees are flat out craveable.  There are new specials every day, and if there's something you like but don't see it on the menu, ask.  They just might make it for you.  Chuy likes to greet every guest personally and Mari and the rest of the staff make the whole experience friendly and comfortable.  By the time you leave, you feel like family.  It's a great place for families, groups, couples, or even solo diners.  If you like great atmosphere, wonderful service, and some of the tastiest food in town, you'll love MariChuy's!
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,1/21/2014,82,11,,3,2>LOVE this place. They are one of very few places in town where you can order Almond Milk lattes - worth every penny too. They froth right up. Also, the Mexican Mochas are amazing. I am here at least once a week for my BNI meeting on Tuesdays - every time the place is ready to go right at 7 and the coffee is piping hot. Lastly, it is a GREAT place to meet someone on a first date. ;-)
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,3/25/2014,57,40,1,5,2>I bought my first road bike here last year. I was just getting into riding and had already shopped around town for bikes and prices. RC&F was our last stop and although it was pretty late in the day, they took the time to educate me on different models some of which I test rode. They really took the time to share their passion and enthusiasm with me as not only did they sell but they also advised me on Cycling 101 that a noob like me should know. I walked out a happy noob rider with a new road bike then a few months later I came back for a fit (free with purchase) which took about 45 minutes. This was another whole experience which established  what a good bike shop they really are as I walked out of there with useful cycling knowledge and a more comfortable road bike both of which have helped me on the road. They have a good selection of good quality Trek bikes and so far mine has served me well on the road for almost a year with no major problems. Highly recommended!
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,3/23/2014,66,213,,7,2>Hard to believe it's been 4 years since I last ate here.  I'd say its overdue!  Things have changed a bit since my last visit.  They've expanded the dining area and now the "deli" part only consists of perimeter shelves and a cooler.  They've painted the walls, added some silk plants, background music!, and staff.  All very good improvements!  They have a host/ess, bussing, and waitstaff now.  Everyone was friendly and efficient, even the owner.  The food was as I remember.  I ordered the same caprese and panna cotta as they were the highlights of my last visit.  The panna cotta was as I remembered, so delicious.  The caprese suffered a bit from underripe tomato, but the cheese was still luscious. Husband had pistachio cream rigatoni, he enjoyed it.  It was very rich and filling.  A glass of dry white wine is recommended to cut some of the heavy cream richness.  I had piccatta and it was a very pungeant version of the dish.  Quite good with the tasty thinly sliced zucchini from last time and some wide flat noodles in a tomato sauce.  The pasta side was a little overdone again, and the tomato sauce was a bit salty for my liking.  My husband's rigatoni was a large serving and he could barely finish it even with me helping, due to how rich it was.  My chicken dish and sides were portioned smaller, but not necessarily too small. Just being accustomed to "restaurant" serving sizes, it may appear small.  Probably around 5 oz meat, 3 oz  pasta and 2oz vegetable side.  I believe it's one of the more authentic Italian restaurants in Reno and we will return, hopefully sooner than 4 years!
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,3/22/2014,9,14,,4,3>Love Silver Peak. My boyfriend and I love downtown so we've been walking to this restaurant for a year now for happy hour. They have great beer! And their food is amazing. I usually get the turkey burger mmmmmm but their nachos are bomb! Don't forget the white chocolate tiramisu! It's hard for me not to order it, that's how good it is. I love the atmosphere and the outdoor seating as well. We always get great service
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,3/21/2014,49,25,2,5,5>We were in the mood for something different for lunch. Found Niko's on Yelp and came in. We will definitely come back. Gyros were more than I hoped for. Spanakopita was delicious!!  The Dolmades were perfect. Baklava is our treat for later today since we're too full to enjoy it now. Well worth the drive to down town Reno.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,3/20/2014,10,38,2,5,4>I've been to Bistro 7 twice and what it looks from the inside vs the outside is almost like Reno itself- a hidden gem.The ambiance is like nothing I've seen in Reno- very much a sophisticated urban vibe. And the food has been nothing but outstanding.OK, have to admit first time I had outstanding service, second time not as amazing. But the pizza breadsticks at the table- my only complaint was I wanted more! Same with my kale salad.This is a foodies delight- the only reason I'm sharing is we need to keep it around.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,3/19/2014,7,30,,5,3>Probably the best steak house in town. The service we received was excellent! The food was delicious. Probably the best oysters on the half shell I have ever had. The steak I had was delicious along with the loaded baked potato and asparagus. We had the Banana's Foster for dessert. And they brought out a special dessert for my Husband the birthday boy. I was very impressed by the service as well as the food.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,3/18/2014,46,140,2,6,4>The second Saturday of every month is freeeee! Of course, it's also bring your young child for activities day, so the atmosphere is a lot less "museum hushed whisper" and a lot more "CHARLIE! NO! DON'T TOUCH THAT!"  The architecture is absolutely beautiful, and I like the way each floor has a bit of a different set up.  What I really like is the museum really does focus on the art of Nevada, or by Nevadans.  There was one room done by a modern artist that is currently living in New York, but grew up in Reno (if anyone wants to explain the meaning of his piece to me - it would be much appreciated.  It was visually stimulating, but beyond me).  There were also photographs and paintings of Nevada landscape done by different artists.  They currently have a "where the wild things are" room with a bunch of private collection pieces.  The roof is a beautiful space, but there is only currently one sculpture up there.  Still, great view of our beautiful city.  The museum is not the biggest, but it's a great way to spend an afternoon.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,3/17/2014,94,403,2,7,6>The idea of being able to enjoy sushi and Chinese food at the same time...BRILLIANT!  I was craving Wor Won Ton and my wife wanted sushi.  Problem solved.  We sat at the sushi bar and were able to order from both menus.  Peter and his partner (forget his name) were extremely friendly, the sushi was at least three times more fish than rice (nice!), the fish was super fresh and service was quick.  Peter made sure we were taken care of throughout the meal and even shared that he and his partner were from Micronesia.  Make sure you sit at the sushi bar to enjoy the sports on TV and Peter's conversation.  We'll be back.  Thanks Peter!
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,3/16/2014,16,31,,5,4>I had such a great experience at Swoon. I was really nervous to try on wedding dresses. I am my own worst critic and I was sure that I'd end up finding a flaw with everything. The store is really nicely decorated and there are samples hanging up all around the store, so you can browse and find things you like before you actually try them. I thought I wanted a natural waist and flowy skirt, so Alisha, who helped me, pulled several that fit the description. After trying on two, I realized that the style was definitely not working. Alisha suggested we try a different style, so she pulled some mermaid cut gowns. I actually liked the first one, so she went back to work pulling more of the same style After trying about five more, I narrowed it down to two. I decided I had to think about it. I came back again to try them both on, and decided to sleep on it. After a night of sleep and a bad experience at David's Bridal, I chose my gown.It was much easier than I expected, and I definitely couldn't have done it without Alisha. Since my wedding dress appointment I have come back and purchased a dress for an upcoming wedding I'm attending, and I look forward to returning and possibly finding a veil!
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,3/15/2014,0,10,,6,2>I have never purchased grocery store flowers, and wasn't about to change that on my wife and I's first Valentines Day in Reno.  Called at 9am to order what I thought was going to be a $100 bouquet, but when I arrived to pick it up at 3pm - it looked AMAZING btw - it was only $68!  Furthermore, I tried to buy a card too, but no, that's included.  If you allow them 5-10 minutes, one of the owners will write and address your card in handwritten caligraphy too! As if all this wasn't enough, the owner himself insisted on coming out to my car to show me exactly how to buckle the flowers in so I wouldn't have to worry about them on the drive home.  Not that I couldn't have probably figured it out on my own, but the obvious care and attention to detail really made an impression on me.You often hear the phrase "three strikes and you're out" on yelp - but Devonwoods hit for the cycle for me today; I will be coming back for every flower need I have!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2014,9/28/2014,74,21,2,3,5>I go to Mexico and eat Baja food fresh from the VERY best expensive restaurants, (and a whole bunch of street vendors! :-P) and this place keeps pace with all of them. They are extremely friendly, and dedicated to customer service. We sit on the new patio and order on of the 'Molcajete' bowls, and split it between the two of us. One bowl fills up a 230 pound bodybuilder and my foodie self, though I also order sour cream and extra corn tortillas. We come maybe once every two weeks as our 'date brunch.' I have had other menu options and always been satisfied, as well, any mention of critique, comments, or concern is met with an 100% commitment to customer satifaction. PS - The guacamole, which I am tragically allergic to, is enticingly fresh and bright tasting as well as a gorgeous green! No gross premade CRAP. everything does run a bit spicy, so just be aware of that when ordering. The serving staff knows that and will steer you in the right direction. :-)
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2014,9/27/2014,83,23,2,6,7>This is one of my favorite places for lunch. The people are genuinely nice and it's reasonably priced for being a small, local shop. They make everything fresh and a lot of items come toasted, so be prepared to wait a little longer than your average speedy sandwich place. I was the only one in there and I was in and out in 5-7 minutes. Even if it's busy, the wait is well worth it to support a local business and get way better food. You'll have to choose what kind of bagel you want your selection on, so after you look at the menu, look at the bagels so you're not caught off guard at the register. :)My favorite is the supreme pizza on a jalapeño bagel.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,9/26/2014,35,39,1,8,6>This is a great place to go. We were seated quickly, it wasn't too busy but seemed to be a good amount of people there. Our server Jose was very nice, quick and attentive.  My daughter left her toy in the booth and he ran out to catch us and bring it to us, saving us an annoying trip back later on. The food came rather quickly and it was delicious! I ordered the enchilada and flauta combo and my husband ordered the carnitas. My husband is a very difficult to please when it comes to Mexican food, however he loved his dish and proclaimed this our new place to eat Mexican food. I gave it only four stars because the chips were very salty and the margaritas are made with a mix instead of with real limes, still tasty though if you ask for lime on the side and squeeze it in! Good location, good parking, great experience!
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,9/25/2014,6,26,1,3,5>This is a nice and relaxing place to do some work or just to catch up with some friends. I tried the pomegranate mojito and picked the Madagascar coconut (white tea) for my bf. It has a very subtle tea flavor to it. At first sips, I thought I was just drinking water because it tasted nothing like tea but after I swallowed, the flavors just hit me. I enjoyed the Madagascar coconut more because I can really taste the coconut flavor afterwards. It's an after taste. I think this will become one of my favorite hang out spot this summer.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2014,9/24/2014,31,18,3,4,7>I must say the name alone caught my attention. That's what I do 60% of the day- daydreaming, that is. The selection of beverages is pretty unique and special- I got the milky way which was delightful. It was definitely on the sweet/rich side- I wouldn't recommend getting anything other than a small unless you can stomach a lot of sugar or if you're planning to sip on it throughout the day. One thing I really liked was that the barista brings your drink over. It's a nice gesture that makes you feel valued and important as a customer. There is plenty of seating available- and there are seats near the counter that are shielded from the rest of the seats if you want a little privacy. It's located in the middle of midtown so it's a great place to grab some coffee before you browse the shops nearby. I'm definitely planning to return to try the black forest mocha!
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,9/23/2014,83,38,4,5,6>They have the best happy hour in Reno! 4-6 pm 1/2 off appetizers and lots of drinks. Big portions great service! The manager was constantly present and checked on us.  Get there early because they line up and when they open the doors.....it's like running with the bulls lol but running for a table!! I just don't like how dark it is because my pics are bad! Will go back over and over.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2014,9/22/2014,109,173,1,5,6>We tried Still Rollin' at the last Reno Street Food. I had checked out their menu before heading to the event and was intrigued by the Reuben roll, but wasn't convinced that I would stomach a whole deep fried roll. So, I convinced my boyfriend that he wanted that for dinner, so I could get something lighter but still give it a try. The Reuben roll was supposed to come with pastrami, but they were out that night so they substituted roast beef. This was fine with me because I'm not a huge pastrami fan. The rest of the roll includes swiss cheese, sauerkraut and thousand island dressing and then it all gets deep fried. It came with a side of thousand island, fries, and an aioli dipping sauce. It was really good, and definitely a comfort food thing that you should not be eating everyday. I think that the Veggie Roll and the Thai Spring Roll also sound really good. But their menu doesn't indicate whether these are deep fried or not. If they aren't, I will give them a try. But if they are, I think that would ruin the lightness of the ingredients inside the roll.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2014,9/21/2014,130,231,5,11,11>To me, Williams Sonoma is FAO Schwartz for adults. It is full of amazing, beautiful, shiny things that hint at a lifestyle that really does not exist, at least in my world. But it is fun to dream!There are a few things that we have bought there, usually when my dear husband (and head chef at our house) needs to be indulged. The appliances we have bought there (a panini press and a hot air fryer) were top quality and have worked very well for us. They were expensive, but I don't mind paying for quality. We have also  table and kitchen linens there and they are also of top quality and have lasted for years. They have well made kitchen utensils and good deals can be found when they have a sale. We also really like their BBQ sauce.The store can be a bit visually overwhelming, but items are attractively displayed and logically grouped. Staff are friendly and helpful, but also let you wander and look with out hovering. If I want high quality kitchen items, this is the place to go.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,9/20/2014,188,210,4,8,9>Oh happy days, oh happy days; when cafe deluxe was, when deluxe was... YES!  I am so happy to have stumbled in here early on a saturday morning for a working breakfast date with a couple colleagues.  Being that we all prefer to eat healthy, I figured this would be a fun place for us to try.  We came at 8am, opening hour, and ordered some coffees and homemade chai teas with almond milk.  Both the coffee and teas were delicious - this is nothing like a packaged, made from concentrate or powder chai.. it is real deal tea brewed with herbs and spices, and topped with frothed almond milk and cinnamon.  Perfection!  As the restaurant was pretty quiet at that hour, we lingered, enjoyed our beverages and got some work done.  We ordered breakfast about an hour later.  They had the regular menu plus a menu of mothers day specials.  I opted for the asparagus frittata special with fruit.  The frittata was more of a quiche than a typically frittata, but the large slice of fritatta pie was absolutely delicious and indulgent!  A potato crush, mashed potato consistency on the inside and crispy on the outside, held in layers of creamy eggs, lots of cheese and some veggies on top.  It was plenty filling and the fruit cup was a nice balance. We sat for another hour, working away, and felt no pressure to vacate the table, but instead were met with fresh coffee and ice waters every 30 minutes or so.  We decided to order some desserts (okay, definitely not a healthy choice, but it is a holiday weekend and we were working hard!) and opted for the mothers day strawberry pie.  We figured we should get 2 slices for the table, when really we all could have shared one!  It was AMAZING - seriously, you've never had strawberry pie like this before!  The crust was flaky but dense in a delicious par-baked sugar cookie kind of way - it was delish!  The strawberries were fresh and had made a nice syrup inside the pie, not too sweet, but so flavorful.  The pie was topped with fresh whipped cream which made the decadent pie even more divine.  Around noon, we started noticing that the small restuarant was filling up and decided since we had lingered and enjoyed our experience all morning that it was probably time to go and let them fill our table with other customers.  My overall opinion of this place - comfortable, inviting, affordable and fresh!  LOVE it and can't wait to come back.  Definitely come early on the weekends though as the line at the door started to accumulate right about noon.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,9/19/2014,128,132,3,9,7>Might as well keep the five star reviews rolling for this place. Thomas is great at what he does and is very professional. He does great quality work for a very reasonable price. He uses good product and warranties his work. Don't let the location deter you from checking him out. Also, be patient, Thomas has a good reputation and is very busy. Call and make an appointment and be patient.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,11/18/2013,121,128,4,7,6>This little bar tucked away in a corner of a strip mall in midtown might not seem like much, but there is a lot going on here. They have a wide selection of tasting flights, and you can also buy wines by the glass. On Tuesday nights they have Bingo, which is a total hoot! They often have live acoustic music. It's a fun, friendly place. They don't serve food, but they have menus from the surrounding restaurants, so you can have delivered sushi from Sushi Pier, italian food from Mario's Portofino, etc. What a fabulous idea! My only complaint is that the wine is often not served at the proper temperature. Yeah, I know, that's typical for Reno, but this is a wine bar, so it would be nice to have an emphasis put on serving the wine properly. That said, I'm still a fan of this neighborhood gem.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,11/17/2013,142,283,,12,4>Much like Robert, I heard this place was open and wanted to check it out.The place looked nicely cleaned up from Woo Chon, which was the previous sushi restaurant here.We were the only two in there, on May 11th, for a late lunch/early dinner, around 4:30 in the afternoon.  We were seated at the end of the bar, and I was a little surprised when I was greeted with a "hello, my friend."  Ends up, Gerson (formerly of Hiroba and the Joint) was one of the two sushi chefs that was working.  I'd gotten to know Gerson when he was at Hiroba, and I'd seen him up at the Joint once before.  He remembered that I like pretty much anything that's not deep fried.  Slow afternoon, so he made us some little sashimi cups from tuna and hamachi, that were filled with tobiko and topped with avacado.  Definitely a nice start for me (the GF doesn't really like the raw stuff).Sushi was solid - I'd say as good as Sushi Pier 1, and close to Hiroba, Joint, and Reef.  Good nigiri, not too heavy-handed with the sauces as so many places tend to be these days, and great service.  I may be biased since Gerson knows me, but whenever I've seen him interacting with other customers, he's got a smile on his face, and tends to be the kind of server who's making every effort to anticipate what you'll want next, and have it to you w/o your asking.GF liked that she had plenty of options for cooked items, and they weren't all just deep fried.Korean ownership, with a little bit of K-Pop playing in the background when we were there, for those who are curious.This will be my go to choice for sushi if I'm on the south end of town.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,11/16/2013,281,194,4,6,5>So we finally had a Yelpy Hour! We invited all, and plenty showed. From 5-6:30, the bar area was packed and the bartender was busting her hump for us. When I walked in, my buddy was waiting for me. We exchanged greetings and before the hug was done the tender was helping me out. Told her we were there from Yelp and she amped it up. The sous chef came out and talked to me, then made a top notch, killer tuna tartar. Along with salmon carpaccio and a prawn cocktail. Here's the deal - three apps, half price during happy hour and two dudes not in need of further solid nourishment (does not include the beers - cuz I may need another or two). I gotta say, I was skeptical as I had never been here. But I really enjoyed my happy hour experience. It's not the place you go for the 25th anniversary, but go there every other chance you get to meet friends and hang out. Have a meal and a pop. You'll enjoy.  Easy access, ample parking, good prices, excellent food all delivered with a smile. Thanks Gas Lamp - I'lll be back.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,11/15/2013,381,562,4,11,5>Saw this place had just opened on Yelp so I took a break from being confined to the house to get something to eat.  As I gimped up to front door my first thought was  "Why is this place opening up soooo close to NU Yalk Pizza?"  I was answered quickly when I walked through the door. This is a dining establishment that serves great pizza, NOT a traditional pizza place.  The feel is very similar to the rest of the restaurant businesses in this shopping center.  Very modern feel made with woods and muted colors.  In fact the pizza they make really is traditional italian wood fired brick oven pizza.  And another fact that you may have not yet read...the mastermind behind the business is Pizzaioli Ian Madan, whom you MAY know from Campo fame.Now back to our experience...Being so newly opened, we of course expected bumps in the road or problems to come up...but nothing of the sort happened.  We were seated cheerfully and quickly.  Menu'd, watered and sangria'd quickly.  Our order was taken without a blink or hesitation, all questions were answered in a friendly manner.  To put it succinctly, the service was GREAT from everyone especially Lauren.  They are newly open so my guess is the customer to staff ratio will change, but for now I'm truly loving what I am experiencing.We needed to go light so I ordered up the Garden Salad for $6.  Excellent price point in my opinion.  And my wife ordered her Sangria $7 and the classic pizza minus the mushrooms $16.  They also brought out a little sample of one of the small plates.  Its a garbanzo bean type of salad called CeCi.  Almost like a deconstructed hummus. It was very tasty if I do say so.  Everything was excellent.  The salad was good sized and perfectly dressed.  The pizza was just what I expected, a real classic pizza from Italy with added stuff for the American in me.  These are 12" pizzas.  Don't think of the big New York style pizzas or the Big Doughy style of the chains.  This is a thin, delicious real pizza.  Not heavy and bloating but just carried by the flavors and the ingredients in moderation.My wife loved her sangria and next time when neither of us are driving we will jump on that pitcher. $30!!My water was fine.  My guess is they need a good filtration system to make the dough in a particular way so this filtration benefits the tap water as well.  I also asked about kids meals.  They have an "off menu" selection of a smaller cheese, pepperoni and PB&J pizzas for the kiddos in the $8 range.  This of course may change as the clientele is figured out.  Many kids were already there tonight with their parents. The place only has beer and wine selections, but the offerings seem to be extensive enough.  Pricing is something I just don't know enough about to say...but some of the bottle prices seemed attractive enough to try.  They also serve bottled coke products.  Nothing on fountain.  If I need to find a negative, this would be it, not really a fan of drinking(and paying for) bottled soda.  Do I care enough to want them to change?  Nah..it's more of a personal preference.Checked out the bathrooms and they were nice.  Way above a gas station bathroom but not some swanky waste of money either.You see...I've been having a little bit of "Midtown District" envy lately.  I don't wanna drive all the way into midtown to get me some authentic real food, not purchased at Sysco.  So it's nice to have a "Midtown District" type of place on our side of town. Just a little background.  My diet is usually very low carb oriented for specific health reasons, so pizza is an unusual indulgence.  This will be a great way to save up and have a nice pizza. Not only will I go back...I will drag my friends, neighbors, co-workers, clergy and yelpers there.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,7/20/2014,40,174,,4,4>Let's start this off the way you start a meal here...the chips and salsa.  They are amazing!  The salsa has just a hint of spiciness so that you don't realize that it's hot.  Then, after having the whole basket, you realize just how hot it actually is.  The last time I was there, there was also a more milder pico-de-gallo type for those who crave something less spicy.  However, I was a fan of the spicy salsa!El Adobe has some of the more typical Mexican style food such as mole (made with a hint of cocoa).  I didn't order it, but tried my husband's and it was very delicious and definitely some of the best around town.  I, of course, had the fajitas and they were amazing!  They were able to put their own twist on it, so that it didn't taste like everything else you've ever had.When looking for Mexican food a little different than the norm around Reno, definitely check this place out!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,7/19/2014,166,134,2,7,7>My hubby and I were heading to the Nugget for a concert, so we thought we would return to Gilley's for dinner. We started the evening at the bar with orders of the Revolver, and I gotta say, this round was just as good as it was on their media night! And at $6.50 per signature cocktail, this deal is hot to trot!  Want a souvenir boot (48oz)...grab it for $14.99/$19.99 for a Pilsner or a Specialty Cocktail. We moved from the bar to a table in the restaurant. There I ordered the pulled pork shoulder ($7.95), which came with a choice of two sides, and jalapeño corn bread.  I opted for the collard greens and mac n' cheese.  My man went with the 10oz sirloin ($14.95), smoked corn with peppers and baked beans.  While they offer three choices of sauce on the table, the pulled pork came out with topped with sauce.  It was all flavorful and delicious.  I sampled my hubby's steak, and the rub was very tasty, and I can definitely see us returning and I will ask for that the next time.  Something about the mac n' cheese hit a long gone memory of my childhood, having been raised in the South, and the creaminess was a welcome delight.  The collard greens was a bit of a disappointment as it was too salty for my tastes. I traded the greens with my man for his corn, which had a great smoky flavor and the peppers added nice texture. Corn bread is not something I typically eat, but I did sample theirs and the jalapeño did add a nice kick. Our server was friendly and did a pretty good job of taking our order, bringing drinks, checking on us, and wrapping up the check.  I did request the attention of the manager to let her know about the high sodium content of the collard greens, and she thanked me for the feedback. I also let her know that everything else was quite delicious and I look forward to coming back.  While we were dining, we were able to listen to the overhead country music playing throughout the venue, watch music videos, though they did not necessarily match the surrounding music, listen to the live artists when they took the stage, and watch the customers and Gilley Girls take their turns riding the mechanical bull through the divider that had glass windows.  Gilley's seems to offer a little something for everyone, whether it's the drinks or the food, the music, the cowboy/cowgirl ambiance, line dancing, or bull riding.  So, grab your boots and mosey on down for a knee slapping great time!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2014,7/18/2014,31,174,1,7,6>Decided to try something new for lunch today. We stopped in since Yelp said they had a patio. The patio does not have any shade and catches a nice 'breeze'. We ended up moving inside due to the wind before we even ordered food.We ordered the French dip with a side salad and the BLTA with house made potato chips. Food was really good!! Chips are served 'warm', so they must be batch made earlier in the day. The meat on the dip was tender, moist and had great flavor. Au jus was flavorful as well. The BLTA was a bacon, pork belly, tomato, avocado, lettuce and mayo grilled sandwich. Very good! Had lots of flavor. After sharing a bottle of pinot noir our bill was at a reasonable $56. The service was friendly and efficient even though there was a table that was seated after us which was helped first.This is definitely a place we will go to again soon! Also to note, their patio is dog friendly.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2014,7/17/2014,39,80,,6,4>Well for starters they have Ninkasi on draft, so automatically in my top favorite places (if it was oastis or vanilla Oatis I would really be in heaven) love that we can play darts and during the week it isn't so busy you can't stand. Lots of new changes lately, including a new bar menu and food! Yes they have a kitchen now. From mahi tacos to bacon wrapped hot dogs. Prices were right, food very good. Drink prices were great, staff friendly. Happy hour daily from 2 to 7? Something like a dollar off drinks. My only complaint is, the bartender said he'd been there for over a year and had to have the owner make the old fashioned (that was on the menu) and they were out of ginger beer which was a key component of several drinks, and of course of every drink I wanted. I get you run out of things, but nothing worse than running out of a drink mixer, it's not like it has a short shelf life order extra..... He loves that there are tv's (i live in midtown, bars in midtown don't believe in Tvs) will definitely be back
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,7/16/2014,92,53,3,5,6>A beautiful day for a walk around town getting tasty tidbits!  We tried to hit as many of the places as possible but admittedly we did get full and stopped with about 4 places left that we did not get to.  My two favorites were Campo and Dorindas.  Campo served beef sliders on homemade focaccia bread with caramelized onions and a cheese sauce.  The slider alone was worth the price of admission!  I want to go back to Campo to eat more of these sliders.  Delicious!  At Dorindas I had sea salt dark chocolate covered caramel.  Wow, wow, wow!  Scrumptious!   All in all it was a super fun day and I would definitely do it again.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,7/15/2014,92,204,4,6,3>My sister is a comic book junkie and wanted to check out the local comic stores in town. Since this is the only store that was reviewed on yelp, we decided to check it out. We couldn't be more pleased (or should I say, she couldn't be more pleased...I'll explain). She was able to obtain about a dozen comics that she has been wanting. She asked if they would give her a discount since she was buying so many and they did!!! They even had a my little pony action figure for $7 that my 4 year old daughter fell in love with. And oh my gosh, there was a childs book in there called, "Grandpa won't wake up!" I didn't know whether to laugh or think it was very morbid. I guess writing a book about death may help explain it to kids? LOL! Anyways, it's a pretty cool and organized comic book store. The prices are reasonable. Now, to explain my earlier comment...they sell "Magic the Gathering" trading cards. I used to collect these cards when I was a kid. I had about 500 cards in the Alpha and Beta versions. Upon looking at the cards in the showroom, I realized I had a lot of the higher priced cards. I looked online and realized I had a few cards selling online for over $1k a piece. Well, I went home, tore apart the storage room and learned my husband thought they were junk and threw them away. So, by going to this store, I learned my dear husband threw away a lot of money!
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,7/14/2014,114,105,3,9,8>I really love this place.  They have a great variety of flavors - yogurt, sorbet, sherbet, fruity flavors, chocolatey flavors, peanut butter, etc., etc.  The employees are always very nice and attentive - asking if we want to sample anything, etc.The toppings always look nice and fresh.  I like to see the fruit in small bowls, because I know they need to be refreshed frequently.  They have a nice variety of toppings, and they're always adding new toppings, which is fun.The place is always super clean, and they have a good amount of places to sit inside, and nice adirondack chairs for sitting outside.  They also have punch cards - buy 9 and the 10th is free!  They are really cool about the cards too - some places with punch cards don't really advertise them for some reason, but here, they ask me if I have a punch card whenever I check out!  I even went in yesterday with three partially filled cards, and they combined them all onto one for me.I live quite close, and I'm looking forward to riding my bike here over the summer!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,7/13/2014,28,73,,6,2>Thank you, thank you, thank you! After I was  in a hit and run, I was devastated because it was possible the insurance was going to total my car. Right from the beginning Coachcraft was friendly and upfront. Shane was our main point of contact and he was incredible! From the first day he was quick and they gave us an assessment of the damage within several hours. As I mentioned there was a possibility that my car would be totaled and Shane worked so hard to get the amount of the damage down to as little as possible so that the insurance company would not total my car. Communication was the only barrier. My husband had to keep on them to always find out the status of my car. It was supposed to take 2 1/2 weeks, but ended up being in for a month. But if that is our only complaint, I will take it, because again I can't say enough how stunning my car looked once they were finished. PS so so mad at the person that thinks it is EVER okay to hit someone and drive away! The only possible upside to this is the beautiful job that Coachcraft did on my car. It looked brand new!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,7/12/2014,2,3,,3,1>I've used Little City Landscape twice for two different properties. I received several quotes from landscapers for my front yard who were very expensive and really couldn't see my vision. I spent five minutes with the very personable and talented, Kirk and he was able to quickly sketch EXACTLY what I wanted. Gave me a quote and the yard was done in days. I couldn't have been happier with our gorgeous Nevada inspired yard (xeriscaped). Our girls played for endless hours on the boulders Ernie and the crew brought in--a touch Kirk suggested because we had kids. Our second job was small and for our backyard to create a patio. Despite my wanting a larger patio (which would have cost more), Kirk advised me to not go that route do to the poor water drainage in our backyard. It would have destroyed the paver work.  I had a small budget and he was willing to give me tips and tricks to enhance my yard that I could do myself after he and his crew finished the harder patio work. Again--one of my favorite spots in our house  is the outdoor space Little City Landscape designed for us.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,7/11/2014,13,40,4,11,7>Okay, I have tried this location previously  under 2 different names and decided to see what was up under the Brother's BBQ name. I was greeted by the gal at the counter as soon as I walked in and the dude in the kitchen also chimed in his advice for me to try the 2 meat/2 side combo ($12) which I got.. 3 ribs lightly but perfectly sauced that were a perfect cut and loaded with meat. A good sized serving of pulled pork which carried a smokey flavor and not full of gristle-passed that test. So far so good Brother's. Then I tasted the coleslaw- if a bbq place can't do slaw they shouldn't be in business. I am not a fan of sweet or spicy coleslaw and Brother's slaw has a spicy punch that I decided was good anyway. The potato salad passed my test also. It was not like so many other places that serve a mashed-up blob with a couple onions. I compare all potato salads to my mom's which is unfair since mom's is always going to be the best but Brother's again did good. If you don't try this place you are missing out. Welcome to the hood Brother's. Even though they have beer on the menu, the helpful gal at the counter told me they wont be serving beer until July 1st.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,6/30/2014,147,96,,11,10>My husband, daughter and I came to this event just to check it out and ended up staying for several hours. It was fun and had something for everyone in the family. There was a movie playing, in the amphitheater, there were alcoholic drinks being served all around, and the food trucks were lined up down the street. I was so excited that this event was on a Saturday! Finally, a food truck event on the weekend! Both Feed the Camel and Food Truck Fridays take place on weekdays and due to my conflicting schedule, I have never been able to attend. I have a soft spot for food trucks and was beyond excited to see what Reno Food trucks had to offer. And I can say, they definitely delivered! I tried food from three different trucks and was increasingly satisfied with each one! My husband and I split the Ball Tip Sandwich from Kinders ($8.00.) It was decent, not my cup of tea though. I was expecting something close to a pulled pork sandwich, slathered in BBQ sauce, but instead it was more like a roast beef sandwich with veggies and mayo. Next, we split the Under the Rose burger from Mellow Yellow ($10.00.) It was delicious! It left me wanting more. It's a perfectly cooked burger with grilled onions, bacon, brie and raspberry Chipotle sauce. I highly recommend! Lastly, we split The Linda (An Avocado lime cheesecake) from Sweet Creams Cheesecakery ($3.50.) Every delicate bite was a piece of heaven. They have perfected the art of cheesecake; I was impressed. The service was great all the way around! Whether it be in the food trucks or on the streets, the people working to put on this event were wonderful. I saw so many smiling faces and I had one, myself. I only wish more people knew about this event! The lines for the food trucks weren't long at all and I am not saying i would have enjoyed a long wait, but I would have enjoyed to share this family-fun event with even more people! Do yourself a favor and attend Sparks Food Truck Drive-In this summer!
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,6/29/2014,74,19,2,11,10>What Mark Estée is doing in Reno is absolutely incredible. I'm not sure if Campo started the farm to table movement in Reno, but they have certainly mastered the idea. The dishes, from soups to salads, and entrees to desserts, their menu is constantly changing and wonderfully innovative. Chef Estée himself seems to have a permanent smile and wildly enthusiastic about his craft. Every one of our visits continues to confirm that his staff mirrors this personality trait. They are sincerely friendly, accommodating and on point throughout your visit. As soon as you sit down, you're asked by your friendly server which complimentary bottle of water would you prefer, still or sparkling? Think about that for a moment - usually a server will ask, "may I take your order ?", yet here it's , "which type of complimentary water may I offer you?" Yes, we're talking semantics, yet those subtle differences add up to a remarkable experience.Most restaurants have a flat vibe...that does not exist at Campo. Congratulations, Mark! You have a few other concepts in town and I look forward to frequenting them as much as I enjoy going to Campo.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,6/28/2014,133,146,4,9,6>One of my co-workers had been raving to me about this place for a few weeks, and finally resorted to taking me there for lunch one day. Boy I'm glad she did! Aesthetically, I fell in love. A historic brick building with exposed wood beams? I loved this restaurant even before I looked at the menu. This may also be prompted by the fact that this used to be a laundry place, and one of my secret goals in life is to be covered in warm laundry fresh out of the dryer. As part of my attempt at eating healthier this year, I was pleased to see that the menu featured local, organic ingredients that didn't seem too "out there," meaning I can coerce friends to come without them having to look up Google images of tempeh.I tried the Flying Squirrel lunch special, which is organic brown rice, steamed seasonal vegetables with homemade peanut sauce and baked tofu. It was a perfectly-sized portion, and the veggies were cooked perfectly without being too raw or too soggy. And for $6.50, this lunch was a steal!We split the hummus appetizer, which was honestly some of the best hummus I've ever had. Not runny and not dry, but tons of flavor. Addictive flavor. Flavor that I crave at 11pm after working entire too late. Other favorite things about this place? The clothes. Weird thing to love about a restaurant, but the t-shirts and totes with the bunny skull-and-crossbones made of carrots is right up my alley. I've heard Cinnamon French Toast is good, and the Apple Cheddar Melt looks like a winner too. Can't wait to come back and sample some of the other cuisine.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,6/27/2014,58,211,1,11,7>This is excellent food.  While it's easily the best mexican food in the area, it's also some of the best food, period.We came here for a late-lunch/early-dinner around 3PM and started with a couple of cadillac margaritas (on the rocks of course) which were amazing, not to sweet, and plenty strong.  We also had some chips, salsa and guacamole - which were all extremely good.  The salsa was fresh and tasty.We decided to share the Molcajete for 2 after it was recommended to us.  We were NOT disappointed.  It was nothing short of amazing, the chorizo, shrimp, chicken and carne asada were all cooked PERFECTLY.   Everything is fresh, I mean just cut up and cooked fresh.  No gross salty meat that's been sitting all day.  No salt spikes.     We literally couldn't get enough of this dish, it's nice and large so you'll have some to take home with you too.We finished up with the flan which was also made just perfectly.It's so good to finally have a quality Mexican restaurant in Reno.     Pretty much all other mexican resturaunts in Reno should take a page out of Chuys Mexican Kitchen to see what good, fresh mexican food SHOULD be.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,6/25/2014,38,77,2,8,6>Yet another great alternative workout! I love, love, love Yoga, and this place is perfect. Walking up the small staircase to the door at the top, I had my doubts. Yet all my concerns were erased the moment I took my shoes off and walked in. The room you walk into is larger than expected, calm and beautiful. It smells like essential oils and they play calming music. It's an instant transportation from the busy city life of Reno, to a tranquil and serene atmosphere. The Yoga instructors are sweet, kindhearted people. They do not judge you if you attend a class slightly above your level and cannot keep up...Err... No! That didn't happen to me!...They encourage you to do your best and even include ways to take strain off of the higher level poses for the...Err...people who can't keep up.....without interrupting the class to help you or single you out. They'll simply say right along with their lessons, "...And if this is too much, you can do this..."I absolutely love Sunday night meditation yoga. This class focuses on resting and relaxing into poses, rather than trying to go through many poses quickly. As you're settled into the most poses which can only be described as the feeling of pure heaven, the instructor comes by with essential oils for you to smell, rubbing some of them on your neck....I mean really people, what could be better  than that...because I just can't imagine anything better in a Yoga studio!They accommodate you, they treat everyone the same and they care. You can just tell.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,6/24/2014,142,283,4,17,9>Food trucks seem to be thriving in Reno, and the food truck gatherings have followed.  The now defunct Food Truck Fridays started things off, being held downtown at the old bus station .  Reno Street Food, held at Idlewild, soon followed, causing a bit of a stir as it competed directly with Food Truck Fridays, being held at the same dates and times.  There was also an end of winter/early spring series of food truck fests at the south end of town, at the Damonte Family Event Center.  The latest of these is Feed the Camel, a hump day event being held at the McKinley Arts Center on Riverside.  I really like the idea of having an event on Wednesdays.  Tonight was the first, and trucks included Battle Born Food Truck and Catering, Electric Blue Elephant, GourMelt, Hot Dog Rod, Java Ship Coffee, Lazy Sundae, Mellow Yellow, St. Lawrence Pizza, Shanghai-Express, beer by Great Basin, and wine by Jungle Vino.  Most of the trucks were set up in a circle in the small parking lot that's under the Keystone overpass.  The beer and wine, a few trucks and some exhibitor style tents were set up on the parking lot on the west side of the McKinley Arts Center.  Tonight was a pretty quiet night, which was to be expected for the first night, as well as for the cooler, cloudy  weather with a few sprinkles.  I only made a fly by, grabbing a beer and checking the event out, and saying hi to a few folks I encountered, but it seemed like a decent event.  I still think Reno Street Food has a slightly better location, as there's plenty of trees covering the stretch of road they use at Idlewild, compared to the concrete overpass at Keystone.  On the other hand, the circular setup is nicer than the row of trucks you get at Idlewild.  I think the grassy area at McKinley is better though - large grassy area, with some of the bigger trees in Reno, a few picnic tables and the Truckee just across the way.  The parking situation is better here too, with McKinley having a decent sized lot, and there being plenty of street parking in the Powning district.  (Though parking's not a deal breaker for me since I walk to both events.)I was a little surprised they didn't have any live music going - it seems the little courtyard that McKinley has would make for a decent little stage for some live music.  Maybe we'll see see that as the summer goes on?I imagine this event will stay smaller than Reno Street Food, just because it's on Wednesday, but I liked it - it was a nice way to break up the week, and I can definitely see this becoming a Wednesday routine for me.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,6/23/2014,82,11,1,8,4>I drove to Coffeebar thinking it was the exact location of the prior coffeeshop. However, when I drove by, I noticed that the facade of the building looked unfinished. I had to do two U-turns and look to the west side of the building to find the main entrance - outdoor signage would have been nice.Regardless, when we walked in, we were welcomed by a very friendly staff. I made sure I didn't make the embarrassing mistake of ordering a "Venti, Grande, or Tall'" beverage.My girlfriend ordered a coconut chai latte (?) thing and I ordered an Iced Americano. Both were really good. The fluffy cinnamon rolls in the case were calling my name, but due to Paleo restrictions, I chose to ignore their beckoning whisper. I really appreciated the fact that the gentleman who took our order remembered my name at the end of our visit and asked how our experience was.We will be back.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,6/22/2014,281,194,6,16,9>Three words - Re...Dang....Diculous!!  This is such a great place for lunch!Met a friend here today - my second trip, her first.  We sat at a cute little table and were greeted quickly.  By both the host and one of the chefs!  Very nice to meet the dude who is slinging the veggies back there.  Anyway - I ordered the special which was a pesto pasta (made from zucchini) with an Italian Salad.  She had the pizza and a side kale salad.  The special was fantastic - the salad was fresh and light and perfect size.  The pasta was fantastic - amazing that they got the texture and look of the pasta down with zucchini.The pizza, however is better than fantastic.  It looks fab, tastes better and leaves you full!  I actually want to go back tomorrow to have it again.  The crust is made of walnuts and has a great texture, a lot like traditional pizza dough.  A true winner!We were amazed at the freshness and the number of great ingredients.  This is a little hidden gem that probably wont be much longer - It's too good to be a secret.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,6/21/2014,572,138,1,16,7>Contradictions can be a good thing. For instance, Mexican food can be simple and hearty, or a complex mix of flavor and technique. The fare at Anna's Mexican Grill manages to be both, sometimes simultaneously on the same plate. Located in a northwest Reno strip mall, this family-owned business is something of a hybrid, combining aspects of a traditional Mexican-American "sit-down" restaurant with those of a fast service, authentic Mexican taqueria. The fact that Anna's is both a "best-kept secret" as well as "beloved favorite" adds another contradiction, perhaps unsurprising given its somewhat hidden location on a high-traffic thoroughfare. You almost have to know it's there in order to notice it as you drive past at near-freeway speeds.Speaking of speed, there's nothing "fast food" about Anna's cuisine, and yet I've waited longer at burger joints and stripped-down taquerias than I have at this restaurant. We were seated, served and paid the check for dinner in perhaps 40 minutes, all without feeling rushed. Featuring an open kitchen, the service and genuine warmth from the entire staff is among the best you'll find in any restaurant. But man doesn't live by hospitality alone, so let's talk about the food.When you sit down for Mexican cuisine, your first expectation is to be served chips and salsa picante. Instead, within a minute or two of being seated, we were served warm gorditas--crispy-yet-soft pillows of corn flour--topped with sour cream and grated Cotija cheese. I love good chips and salsa, but those gorditas are a brilliant introduction to a memorable meal.When we first discovered Anna's a couple of years ago, I ordered a pork enchilada and chile relleno combo ($7.99) with a ceviche tostada on the side ($4.99), while my wife ordered chicken fajitas ($12.25) with corn tortillas. Both dinners were served with guacamole, sour cream, rice and refried beans. The fajitas were flavorful, the enchilada and relleno were tasty, and the extras were all quite good. However, the ceviche was a knock-out. I've made ceviche at home, ordered plenty of it at restaurants, but was blown away by Anna's tasty, crisp tostada tortilla holding up well under the perfectly-cured fish, avocado and seasonings. It was really, really good.During that first Anna's experience, my wife and I noticed a couple sharing what appeared to be a giant serving of steaming awesomeness, served from a black stone crucible. Even though our meal was completely outstanding, we suffered a bit of buyer's remorse and vowed, "Next time, we're ordering that!" And so we did on our most recent visit.Among the "Dinner for Two" menu selections is the molcajete ($21.99), the aforementioned big bowl of wonder. A molcajete is a carved lava-rock mortar (i.e. mortar and pestle, sans pestle), traditionally used by pre-Hispanic Mexican cultures for both preparing foods as well as serving them. As with cast iron, the molcajete does a great job of keeping Anna's special concoction of chicken, steak, chorizo, shrimp, onion, peppers, melted cheese and "special sauce" piping hot at the table, perfect for filling warm corn tortillas with guacamole, sour cream, rice, beans, and a choice of house-made salsa picante. The shrimp was a standout item among the symphony--perfectly cooked, plenty of flavor, not too tough. This is tricky to accomplish in this kind of dish, and a testament to the chefs' skill.As if to say, "thanks so much for visiting us," a complimentary slice of tres leche cake arrived along with the check. The cake was moist, not-too-sweet and the perfect ending to a delicious meal. Even paying the check was speedily efficient, and as we left we were sent-off with friendly farewells that made us feel like a part of Anna's family.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,6/20/2014,120,179,10,14,8>Me: Sighs..."I need a mini-vacation! But I don't wanna break the bank." Guy Friend: "Girl, you should do a 'stay-cation'!"Me: What is this you speak of? Guy Friend: "Just go have a 'spa day' at the Atlantis. It's fabulous"In summary:       Stay-cation freaking rules! Guava body wrap, scalp massage, saunas, hot tubs, 'experimental showers', and pizza served poolside? Holy crap, so this is how the other half lives! In detail:        This place is just as my friend described it-fabulous! They have professional and friendly staff ready to greet and serve at any moment! The women's locker room was so nice, they gave me a robe, slippers, free snacks, everything inside the entire place was so elegant and opulent!           They have different relaxation rooms that are variation of saunas, they have one that's less humid and it's just beautiful inside, hundreds of little colored tiled walls and benches. There was also a color therapy room (sorta strange but who cares!) Then there were two different temperatures of hot tubs, 98 and 102. The hot tubs were in a room with glass ceilings so the natural sunlight can shine through as you sit on the beach chairs. Oh, went into the 'experimental showers' with a friend (not what you think, get you're mind out of the gutter), and basically, this shower has different buttons to simulate different water situations so it's fun! First we pushed "rainforest" and got smacked in the face with lots of water than pushed "ice fog" which caused us to run out screaming and giggling as freezing mist covered our skin.            Lastly, the packages that are offered for massages and body wraps were also delightful! The products they use are so heavenly and the masseuse was sweet and tentative. The coolest part was when I was put into this contraption that simulates a person floating in the ocean! So neat, you get into this rectangular shaped machine, water fills up underneath, you're wrapped up in a cocoon, then the bottom slowly drops off. If you're claustrophobic like me, you'll only panic for a few minutes, but then it's so relaxing!           I absolutely enjoyed my time here and will be soon returning! This time, I'm aiming to spend the entire day there! This was one of the best presents I've ever given myself. Yay me!
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,10/18/2014,10,32,2,4,6>This is a great little place in Midtown. It has a fun and eclectic atmosphere...and they have free bingo on Tuesdays. You can win wine, champagne, beer and even money (if you play in the dollar bingo game) while sipping on your favorite libation.They don't serve food, however they have the menus of several restaurants near them that you can order from (all delicious places!) which means everyone in your party can have something different. It's great!And...there's always a few little dogs running around in there to greet you...I just love that!
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2014,10/17/2014,19,70,1,7,5>Giant burger is a mom and pop place. It almost looks as comfortable as a greasy spoon. It's not, but gives that appearance when you first walk in. Kind of like the cafeteria at Woolworths.I have known the owners for years now.The owners looked forward to seeing my folks and I just as much as we enjoyed eating there!We don't frequent Giant Burger as much now as before.Why? Because their burgers are damn good. Too good! They are tasty and they would make my doctor yell at me if I had my druthers and ate there as much as I'd like to!So, you're wondering why I'm adding a review of this place. I must of had a burger... right? Wrong! I WAS GOOD! I did not have a giant/jumbo burger. For the first time, I had their falafel sandwich! Not badNot bad at all. First off, let's describe this cute little corner burger shop. It's on the northwest corner of Virginia and 8th. Parking can be a challenge if you're new to the area. Either head south on Virginia and make a right on 8th (8th is a one way street headed west) and make a right into their parking lot or take any street that is east of Virginia and head west on 8th. Not confusing at all....... Use the  GPS, it will help.Warning, this is a college eatery so don't be alarmed if you go there during lunch or dinner because you will see a lot of students stuffing their faces there.Now, when I first walked in there, the owners knew me right away. We exchanged pleasantries and I placed my order. Note: Drinks are one time filled. Refills, other than water, are 50 cents. My order arrived in a timely manner. The falafel was prepared and cooked perfect. Fried enough to give it a crunch, but not too much to burn it. Very impressive. The falafel sandwich was made with falafel patties and really fresh ingredients. It was all rolled in a pita bread and wrapped in foil. The price of the sandwich is $7.99 and in today's world, that's decent.I requested no salt on my fries and that always takes a few minutes more. But, the order arrived HOT and tasty. The tahini sauce, was tangy and tasted great! It's fantastic on the sandwich and just as good on the fries!I have never been disappointed here. Regardless if you order their GIANT burger, their J U M B O burger or any of their others, they are good and tasty. You may not leave stuffed, but you won't leave hungry. Just don't let your doctor know!Bottom Line-------------------Yes, I will come back here and have for several years now.They are friendly, the food is good. Not the cheapest, but, to argue in favor of them, they do give you fresh and hot food and it is worth it.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2014,10/16/2014,176,206,2,6,7>Yay! Another good BBQ joint in Reno! I came here for lunch and really enjoyed the food and quaint atmosphere. The place is small, but the food portions are generous and really tasty. My husband had the pulled pork, (which was the best of the meats we tried), and it was superb. Tender, juicy and melt in your mouth good. We also tried the brisket which had beautiful smoke rings and was amazingly tender. The sausage was also really good, especially when smothered in one of the house BBQ sauces.  They don't have much for sides, there's two types of coleslaw, potato salad, baked beans or bag of chips. Sweet potato fries, macaroni, dirty rice or collard greens would be nice. The owners used to own a food truck, and the meal is still served on a plate like something you'd get from a food truck. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, I just thought it was kinda funny. I'd eat here again, the service was fast and the place was clean.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,10/15/2014,30,91,4,3,4>I had been dreaming of doughnuts after banning them from my life completely for months...I finally decided it's better to give in to temptation occasionally and get it out of my system. So, I slipped into Doughboys Donuts and was greeted with a heavenly aroma of  brewed coffee and fresh donuts. I thoroughly enjoyed making my selection (half a dozen for about 5 bucks, 89 cents extra for "specialty doughnuts" such as the enormous apple fritter. I was helped by a cordial and efficient young man and it was so fun to be in line and see the enjoyment of the other customers- it's truly a time when adults can go back to being kids for a minute when you cross the threshold of Doughboys Donuts. They even have doughnut cakes- giant doughnuts for birthdays and such that are quite impressive.I'm happy to report that my craving was satisfied (No, I didn't eat ALL the doughnuts)-I ate the edges of the fritter (my favorite part!) and adored the cinnamon crumb donut that was a cake doughnut topped with what tasted like coffee cake streusel (the best part, natch!) , shared the rest, and felt supremely, divinely sated. This will definitely be on my list when the doughnut siren (yes, there is such an entity) begins calling to me. Way better than the grocery store and way more fun, too.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,10/14/2014,107,8,3,5,4>CB&Q, now that it is finally open is starting to get heard about.  Me and my wife went to Cadillac Ranch when it was open and was sad when it got shut down.  I, for one, love good BBQ!  I have been to CB&Q a few times now and each time is equally as good, if not better.  Both me and my wife love the Wings.  The wings will fill you up if you let them. Each time we have had them they have been meaty, sauced up and tender to where they just fall right off the bone.  I have also had the BBQ Pulled Pork and loved it!  Prices are great and food is awesome. If you feel like just getting something to take you can buy the Turkey, Pork and/or Brisket by the pound!    In the Summer evenings (and I hope Fall and Spring days/evenings) it is nice to just sit on the patio and look west towards the Sierras.  Definitely a great spot and great food.  Keep up the good work!!!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2014,10/13/2014,64,853,6,10,8>I was introduced to Rapscallion via a special Yelp Elite-only event where I was quite happy with the high quality of different dishes and drinks offered to guests.  Impressed, I decided to return to see what "normal" people would experience.  I had a friend fly in from Tucson and after picking her up at the airport, we came here for dinner.  Our final tab was $79 + $16 tip = $95.For appetizers, we chose the Diablo bacon-wrapped scallops and the fresh oysters.  I never got to touch the scallops since my friend devoured hers before asking me if I wanted a taste (harrumpf) but my fresh oysters, though quite small meat wise, were tasty.  A complimentary slab of sourdough bread with butter was given to us.Our mains:  shrimp scampi (buttery, garlicky, generous with medium sized shrimp) and grilled salmon on a plank, which came with sautéed veggies and a wild rice pilaf.  The salmon was small in size, but delicious and fresh.  I don't think there was a sliver of salmon left. The rice was excellent, but the veggies were a bit bland and too soft.The crowd was a mix of dressed up couples on date nights, to girlfriends night out get-togethers, to good ole boys drinking shots of whiskeys and doing lots of toasts.  People came in heels and dresses, in shorts and polo shirts, you name it.Lovely way to splurge on a dinner.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2014,10/12/2014,4,9,2,4,6>I freaking love this awesome, friendly store. Every time I go I find some treasure I didn't know I needed. It could be some really funky tchotcke, a grown up  girl tu-tu (don't judge), art, or a multitude of other stuff. I love to come here with a cup of coffee and wander around forever. Local businesses rock and Junkee is no exception.  The people who work there seem like they enjoy being there and are super helpful. I have come in with an idea in my head of something I want to do for Halloween or just to add to my ever changing style. They always have a cool idea I wouldn't have thought of myself.  I plan on being a pirate for Halloween and I am going to Junkee first.  Parking is better now that the lot is across the street. Which is super awesome because the lot is connected to the coolest toy store ever...
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2014,10/11/2014,9,9,1,2,2>These guys are very awesome...friendly, even if you are new to fishing. Set up me with everything I needed. I actually broke my fly rod and while it was in the shop getting fixed, they let me borrow a rod. Didn't even take my name and phone number, just kindly asked that I bring it back. Really great guys, and very knowledgeable!
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2014,10/10/2014,138,13,3,4,4>Chester's Reno Harley Davidson is a wonderful business! Whether you are in there to just take a look, buy a t-shirt as a souvenir from your vacation or buy a new bike the staff and management are friendly and willing to help! You are greeted by a friendly face when you walk in the door and the sales team is not pushy or over bearing but are there as needed when you are ready! There is a vast selection of clothes for any size or style and a wide range of new and used bikes fit for any budget or need.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,10/9/2014,110,38,7,7,7>You know how you don't realize how good something is until you have a bad experience somewhere else??Well, I just had Tuna Tartare elsewhere, and it made me really miss The Gas Lamp.Every time I had Tuna Tartare at The Gas Lamp I just assumed that's what it was supposed to taste like: delicious, fresh, addictive, yum, where did it go!? It's gone already!And then at another restaurant in another town, I just assumed the Tuna Tartare would be like that. Nope. Instead I got something more like what you would eat at a 3rd grade school picnic.If you've had Tuna Tartare somewhere else, GO TO THE GAS LAMP and try it for real. If you haven't, go, order. And get your palette set straight from the get-go!The Gas Lamp has always been a great place for dining and having a real conversation. The atmosphere is cozy and quiet. The food is absolutely perfect![This place is good for kids ONLY if your kid wants to act like a prince or princess. I tried to take my daughter here only when she was wearing a princess dress, and willing to act prim and proper. :)]
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,1/10/2014,61,5,1,7,6>Very fresh fish and never fails me every time I visit. Daniel, who is the manager/head sushi chef, cares a lot about the freshness of the fish and also pays attention to detail in his work--he says it's like "art" to him. But I do want to give credit to all of the chefs because they are all so wonderful. Service is fantastic and the staff are so, so friendly. Servers are attentive and consistently check on their customers. The chefs try to make conversation with their customers when seated at the bar. They also bring out sushi to tables and check up on the customers. I find that amazing because at most places, I feel like sushi chefs feel that they have to stay behind the counter. Also, don't ever be afraid to tell them what you like in your sushi rolls because they will whip something up for you and they're darn good at it. Overall, such a welcoming environment! Never received poor service nor had "fishy" tasting sushi here :)
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,1/8/2014,4,19,,4,2>Holy Asian baked goods! After reading some reviews, I added this to my list of places to visit a while ago. But, I rarely frequent this side of town and forgot to check it out until it was too late. Today, I made a serious effort to get my bum to Reno to try all the delicious buns.I ended up leaving the store with bbq pork buns, dry pork buns, red bean pineapple buns, chicken and mushroom buns, ham and green onion buns, and a taro bun. A whole lot of buns! And I only ended up spending $11.So far, I have tried a couple of them and can't wait to try the others. Everything has tasted amazing, fresh, flavorful. The bread is soft and chewy, fillings are delicious. I am a huge fan of custards, so the egg custard is definitely a hit. The dry pork bun was surprisingly good -- flavorful shredded pork inside yummy bread. The red bean pineapple bun was different, not sure that I would order it again.The man behind the counter was very helpful, giving us suggestions on what to try and describing the different fillings for us.I'm definitely going to be visiting again to try more of the goodies.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,1/7/2014,94,403,,5,4>THE ONLY PLACE I'LL TAKE MY BMW!  My service engine light came on over the weekend and I called SAS to see when I could bring it in.  Paul made room in the schedule for me this morning.  He found the service engine soon light was caused by vanos intake cam.  Paul explained the issue to me and provided the suggested fix.  They ended up performing an engine cleaner and an oil change.  For SAS to pull the codes, do the engine clean, the oil change, and reset the computer it cost me $128.35.  That is by far the best deal i've ever paid in my seven years of owning this car.  Thanks to Paul and the team for getting me back on the road in under four hours and without breaking the bank.  I'll be back and tell all of my friends of your amazing customer service!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,1/6/2014,176,206,,6,3>This has become my new favorit place to grab a snack after court. The food here is amazing, I especially reccomend the Le Parisean crepe, the Bacconosuier, and the Nutella crepe. SO good. There are three different crepe varities, Light, Sweet, and Savory. Being a massive sugar tooth, I gravitate toward the sweet crepes, like the Romeo and Juilet crepe (bananas, strawberries and nutella) and the peanut butter and nutella crepe. That said, the savory crepes are winning me over. The Bacconosuier is hearty and filling, stuffed with bacon and cheese. I'd take one of these bad boys over a shitty McDonalds McMuffin any day. There is a huge coffee selection, along with pannies and salads for the less crepe inclined. The interior is really cute, and they always seem to be playing great music whenever I'm there. (Re: Coldplay).The service can be a tad slow, so don't expect to jet in and out.If you're in the area and on the look out for a tasty treat, give these guys a try.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,1/5/2014,263,181,13,13,8>Another good stop !!!I really am inclined to just pop 5 stars, but for whatever reason I am just going 4.Maybe I'm tired and not feeling festive??These guys are great, the food is solid, the staff is interested in taking care of you.Possibly among of the best burgers in town, To my taste buds , it's fresh beef, hand formed. and the fries are perfect fresh cut I would ditch the moronic "freedom fries" bullshit (Considering the French helped make our county possible) I think this all started when the French were not on board with invading Iraq in 2003.  And Faux' news had cheer leaded people pouring French wine in  the streets.Grow up, you have great food !!! ditch' this misguided nonsense, I guarantee it does not move your agenda forward. It looks dated, tired and immature. Next time you re-print, it's got to go. My friend was turned off to a return visit because of it.They have great food, great staff, some really solid specials. I am a big fan...
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,1/4/2014,28,174,1,5,4>This new location is simply excellent. I do not rave about a place unless it is truly remarkable: In every category, this is a stellar cigar place. If Apple had a cigar store, this would be it. Simple, clean, perfect vibes and warm color tones, and a resident cigar genius. It's been a long time since I walked into any business and immediately felt comfortable. And the humidor-- stunning in size and inventory. This is it: The best cigar shop I have ever been in (and I've visited many, many, many...). And it's right here in my town! Lucky me! Lucky us!Oh, and the coffee here is wildly good too. Bonus points. Good job guys (*sound of clapping*).
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,1/3/2014,110,38,,5,3>Wow! I was referred to Bumblebee Blooms by the Antique Angel Wedding Chapel around the block. The florist who answered the phone was cheerful, upbeat and ready to please. I already knew exactly what I wanted when I made the call; they were happy to supply the flowers I was looking for in time for my event. They delivered the flowers directly to the venue. Everything was easy! And everyone had a great attitude!What a delight!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2013,1/2/2014,17,59,,2,2>Don't let the name fool you. I was kinda wary of a place called Shenanigan's. It makes me think of a dive bar with scantily clad women servers. Well, that's not this place. It's very much a pub vibe. It was a nice and quiet the night I went. It was a great place to meet a friend and be able to hear each other without shouting. I thought the beer selection was good but I'm not exactly a beer expert. They had some NW beers so I was happy. They also have a sizeable food menu. I got to try the grilled cheese and it was good. The cheese was melted and the bread toasted just like a grilled cheese should be. I would get beers here again.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,1/1/2014,168,29,,3,3>Wow!  I honestly am not a fan of Mexican food and I should be ashamed since I was born & raised in SoCal but...THIS IS THE BEST MEXICAN FOOD EVER!  Seriously!  The queso is so thick!  The margaritas are HUGE!  And the flautas are delicious!  & they serve warm beans with your chips!  I cannot wait to come back here again!
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,12/31/2013,50,16,3,5,2>My favorite restaurant in Reno, no question.  Why?  For every reason I could possibly find.Food?  Fantastic.Atmosphere?  Perfect.Staff?  Friendly as ever.Pricepoint?  SPOT. ON.To me, bowl represents one idea.  That is, that delicious, beautiful food should be accessible to everyone, not just the rich and hoity toity.  I have had the once in a lifetime $400 meal, and trust me, it was delicious...but for that price, it better well be.  I have had meals at Bowl that were without question EQUALLY delish, with a pricetag of $17, which to me, is an even more impressive feat.The menu is always changing, yet there are always reoccurring ingredients used in different ways.  I've had pork shoulder there three times, but all three were prepared extremely different.  I've had coconut in two dishes that were so different, that the only thing they had in common was just the fact coconut was in there somehow.  I eat out quite often, but don't always go back to the same place.  BOWL IS THE EXCEPTION.I have never had anything I didn't LOVE and I have never took anyone there that left less than amazed.I am beginning to question submitting this feedback just because I want to keep it my little dinning secret...but I know that this would be impossible, because everyone else that knows what's up has already dragged everyone and their grandma here.  I'm guilty of that as well.
