<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,5/10/2014,26,92,,10,2>I came back with a friend 2 weeks later and tried to park in the same parking lot across the street.  As we were walking out, a guy told us that Cafe do Brasil hired him to have cars towed.  We quickly moved to a spot on the street.  There were still plenty of street parking, but I just wanted to let everyone know that you can no longer park in that parking lot!!If you've been here, you know that this is the new spot in OKC.  It feels like everyone was there on a Friday night. The view is perfect, the chairs are comfy and the bartenders are fast.  I do wish they had some bars outside to lean against.  Stools would be even nicer.  I like that it is in midtown close to some of my favorite restaurants. Lastly, it's not downtown so there is actually a parking lot with plenty of parking!
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,5/9/2014,151,161,3,9,5>On our way to Dallas, we decided we need some fuel. Bf said that he wanted to stop in Moore at this place. When we pulled up, I was pretty taken back by how full their parking lot was.The place was packed with families, couples, and friends ranging from very young to not so young. This is definitely a spot where the older folks like to catch up on the town gossip. You can tell because there were several full tables of them with no food left and full cups of coffee.There was a really long line waiting on tables to open up and be cleared, but it didn't take too long before we were sitting down with a menu in front of us. By the time we had decided on our breakfast (chili omelette and green chili/avocado/ham/cheese omelette[*]), the waitress popped by to take our order.Considering the volume of customers, I was very surprised by the speed of service. Our drinks came out quickly, and I received a full drive-by glass when I still had two gulps left.We were pretty happy with our food. The chili was good, the salsa unique and spicy [**], and the biscuits and gravy, divine. My only complaints were that the food was a tad cold when we got it (Other reviewers have also mentioned that their air flow isn't the best) and they don't season their potatoes. But these didn't take away from the hometown feel, friendly service, and pretty (big) yummy omelettes. We left half of my potatoes and 2 quarters of the omelettes. 1/3 of the reason was because we were full, 1/6 because the potatoes were cold, 1/6 because the potatoes didn't have much seasoning, and 1/3 because we couldn't take them home because of the trip [***]). I'll definitely give them another try, but I won't be sitting under a vent. And I may not get the home fries. [*] With the omelettes you get two sides: option 1) grits, home fries, or hash brown and option 2) toast, pancake, or biscuit and gravy.[**] Homemade, might I add![***] I hate throwing food away!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,5/8/2014,37,75,,6,5>For six months I've lived in OKC and thought the best restaurant was a certain-colored phoenix down the road.  I was dead wrong, and Fung's Kitchen deserves your business.The egg rolls are crispy, the menu is huge, and the food is very authentic.  You can order something as tame as mongolian beef, or get creative with the beef stomach or tendon soup.  Something for everyone.The Dim Sum was a surprising and fantastic treat when I visited on New Year's Day.  The dumplings were tender and flavorful, and the roast bbq pork and duck were a stand-out in my opinion.And finally, I'm as big an egg foo yung fan as you'll find, and their combo EFY is kickass.  You can't go wrong here.  Order something different every time and say goodbye to the phoenix.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,5/7/2014,77,386,9,11,9>I had a better dinner than you did on Saturday night. I say that because I was at Mama Sinmi's, and you weren't. Don't pretend, it's a tiny place -- if you were there, I would have seen you. Regardless, it was great to be introduced to something this good in this little gem in Oklahoma City.Let's get one thing clear: This is slow food. On our visit, we were some of the only folks there, and it still took a solid hour to have our order come up. That's okay, because this is the essence of "this is worth the wait" food. So, let's dive in, sipping on cold ginger beer as we wait and enjoy the excellent company.*We had banana chips while we waited, and you would think that the "banana chip filler" side dish would be kind of a throwaway; I wouldn't mention it except even here, they spiced the chips a little to give it some extra flavor and did not overload it with sugar like you'll find in "trail mix" gone wrong. It actually worked really well with the ginger beer, and made the wait quite tolerable as we demolished them.We had the fried plantains, which were excellent but not exactly what I expected.** I thought frying might lead to some crunch, but they were cut thick enough that they had plenty of give in the center. It actually reminded me of a well-baked potato on the inside, and it was quite yummy. The sauce was perfect, complementing the plantain and neither over- nor under-drizzled. That's another theme of everything I tried: It's rare to find flavors this strong balanced so well.In any case, time passed by, and eventually I found myself facing a dish I am unable to pronounce but is best described as "roast mango seeds and palm oil in broth with your choice of chicken, beef, or goat." After discussion with the owner, I requested the heat/spice level to be "whatever you would do if you were making it for yourself," and apparently he had all his taste buds removed in a tragic gibbon accident*** because that dish was spicy! But it was not a "prove you're tough with this hot sauce" spice; rather it was a powerful flavor amplifier that did its business and moved on without ruining my palate. 10 minutes after eating, I could hardly tell I'd eaten anything out of the ordinary ... apparently they use the flesh of the pepper to impart the heat instead of infusing it into a liquid spicy sauce, and that's the reason. Sounds good, anyway.And it was good! The broth was served with fufu, flour manipulated into balls to keep everything together and substitute for bread. I had cassava flour, and it was very interesting indeed. I knew in my head that I should barehand it and dip, but I just couldn't get over it and went with the "slice a bit off with a spoon and dip" technique, and then eventually just dropped my balls in the soup. (Stop it.) Mixing them in thickened the broth a bit, got me all the flavor I could hope for, and made for an extremely filling and satisfying meal.I sampled my seatmates' dishes enough to know that each was hearty, filling and delicious in a unique way. Yum indeed.And I haven't even mentioned the service. The owner spent a long time with us and the others in the restaurant, making sure we were comfortable and introducing us to a type of cuisine we knew very little about. He patiently answered question after question, made some great recommendations, and took great care of us. Nicest owner you'll ever meet.Last but not least, we got to beta test a soon-to-be-unveiled dessert, a standard pound cake but with a guava/cream sauce and sliced guava. Maybe not an amazing dessert, but only in the same way that whoever finishes second to Usain Bolt is maybe not an amazing sprinter.We've got us a winner here, folks. Set aside a bit of extra time and I think you'll be impressed.* For the record, one look at the length of her review should tell you who has been spreading the gospel of Mama Sinmi's and provided the aforementioned company.** "Excellent, but not exactly what I expected" is probably what I'd title this review and, come to think of it, the vast majority of my life.*** Why do I bother coming up with these comments if I'm going to be all neurotic and look up a better choice anyway? Turns out gibbons are not African at all, it's a terrible choice. A mamba accident, then.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,5/6/2014,60,81,2,5,3>Cuppies and Joe is like going over to Mom's house --- the sweet smells, the comfortable chairs, the friendly faces are all a big part of what makes Cuppies great. I love walking over in the morning or evening and always seeing tons of people there. The line goes quickly and there's at least a few seats to spare. This area of 23rd street has businesses in bungalow style houses, so this one has different rooms set up with little tables and chairs. I don't drink coffee, but the cupcakes I can comment on. FIrst of all, they are all homemade in their kitchen --- I know a few of the bakers and some of the baristas and can definitely attest to this! The cupcakes go quickly, but you'll still find a few in the evening. I love getting four in a small box and giving them to friends. People love them! They also create things seasonally. Recently my husband has loved their oreo chocolate chip cookies. If you want a cup of joe and something sweet in OKC, go here!
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2013,5/5/2014,35,49,2,9,6>Elemental has an earthy, minimalist feel that is apparent immediately upon entering. The tables, benches, and bar are wood; the decor is simple; and the store smells of green coffee beans, due to the fact that their roaster is operating almost continually. For the most part, their coffee is excellent. I'm a big fan of the Ethiopia Sidamo they have on bar right now. Their baristas are also exceptional. They know what they are doing and make everything from espresso to pour overs very well.One of the few complaints I must make is their signature espresso, 228. It's not a bad espresso at all, but I think it's relatively boring and falls short all around. Many stores in the area stock this espresso on their shelves, which never ceases to bum me out when I see it. The second complaint is the seating. They have 3 tables and a bar. It is very difficult to find an open spot when you go in, so I generally go only when I can run in quickly, rather than when I want to sit and work. Besides the espresso and the seating, its a great little shop.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,5/4/2014,59,55,,11,2>This is my first review is awhile. Due to necessity I found myself bed shopping. I searched all the big box and online common choices. Luckily I recalled some conversation about this place and popped in to check it out for myself and comparison shop. Just browsing you see, because I knew all the other prices and options. I was certain my bed was to be found at another place. I walked out with a bed five minutes later. The price was amazing. The selection was impressive.  I am a customer for life. Michael is a wonderful local business owner and I look forward to referring business to him for a long time.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,5/3/2014,50,22,2,7,4>This place IS a hidden gem in Oklahoma City. Many are afraid to come around southside, but these are my stomping grounds. I'm in La Oaxaquena at least once a week for meetings, and I've never been disappointed by the service.Many of the employees don't speak English, but they continue to be some of the most delightful, helpful individuals I've encountered. Their pastries & cookies & all those goodies are reasonably priced. 3 for $1, 2 for $1? The perfect surprise present for a partner who enjoys good food. ;) I can't say from experience, but I can say from what Id enjoy! Also, the authentic Mexican hot chocolate is on point, my people. Have a few sips and thank me later. I've never had a bad experience related to the food either and the place is always packed. So note: when you're looking for LEGIT Mexican food - 29th street is always the place to go. La Oaxaquena throws down! 5/5, also bc it's a safe place in southside OKC/open late!Side note: if you're not used to 29th street, I'll give you a heads-up that the area might not look the greatest. The roads are terrible and it's a low-income area, but the rich, vibrant and BEAUTIFUL community is a treat unlike any other neighborhood. ;)Also - I'll be sure to take pics of the food next time I stop by for all you interested Yelpers!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,5/2/2014,26,51,11,10,6>Left KD's 30 minutes prior to writing this review. They opened their doors to the public today, and because I was off work today, I decided to head over for the grand opening. As expected, the staff were very welcoming. I interacted with 10 different staff members over the course of my dinner, and all were very pleasant. Our server was Jennifer. Super professional, and as knowledgeable as one could be at a grand opening. KD's had a very modern and KD-like theme. There were 2 rooms on the side of the restaurant for private parties. The glass had 2 settings. See-through, and privacy glass. There was a huge bar area and plenty of standing room for Thunder fans to pack in and watch the game. The menu had a LOT of options. After what may have been 20 minutes of indecisiveness on my part, I ordered a cup of gumbo as an appetizer. It was really nothing special. Sort of tasted like Zatarans. But if you're a fan of gumbo, then its a safe choice. I'll give it a 5.5/10. The manager gave us a complimentary shrimp cocktail.  It was pretty good. You can't really get shrimp cocktail wrong. That, coupled with the fact that it was free, I'll give it 10/10. As my entree I ordered the meatloaf, and substituted the red potatoes for cheese grits. It came with a side of green beans. The meatloaf was one of the best I've had. Usually many meatloafs that I've tried have low quality fillers, and ruins the meatloaf. This one was high quality. I was certainly impressed. I'll give the meatloaf 10/10. It was $16 and well worth it.  As a drink I ordered a white russian. They were not stingy on the alcohol. Overall, I'll rate my experience at Kd's as a 9 out of 10. I would recommend this place to anyone. Trust my recommendations. I'm classy as shit.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,5/1/2014,21,77,,4,2>Food has always been great at each visit, but I've had vastly different levels of service. Hopefully, it just had to do with recently opening, so I will definitely give it as other try. The roasdted cgickjen with all the dipping sauces and rice dish was fantastic. Cocktails and wine list are good. We were pleasantly surprised by the check. ALWAYS a plus!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,8/22/2012,92,240,,5,3>Walking into Full Circle books for the first time today, I felt as though I was walking into someone's vast personal library. There is something about this store that has a very comfortable intimate feel. I absolutely LOVE it. The wooden floors with woven rugs thrown about the place, fireplaces (which I presume blaze perfectly in colder weather), a cafe, local artist highlights, book readings every Saturday, a crazy wonderful selection, and friendly staff makes this place a MUST visit. I picked up a couple books to pick from and sat in the cafe with a gelato (lemoncello and raspberry - 1/2 of each in the same bowl) and relaxed while waiting for an appointment accross the street. I'm an avid reader and love that I found a LOCAL bookseller. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,8/21/2012,126,43,,2,1>one of my favorite burgers around. the food is incredible. you can sub buffalo or vegetarian options for your beef patty on all the burgers, and you can add a fried egg too. you don't have to push it that far for the food to be good though. it's walk up  ordering with waiter service and i haven't had a bad experience yet. always friendly and timely. they also have some of the best fish tacos in town, and the best nachos too. french fries come a variety of ways, and they're all good. definitely recommend trying out different things when you go to experience it all. great place for kids as they have some arcade games and skeeball in back. go!
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,8/20/2012,41,72,3,6,6>I've always loved Malay food because it was everywhere when I was growing up in Australia. Last year, my boyfriend and I took a trip to Malaysia (Malacca and Kuala Lumpur) and our craving for Malaysian food has been insatiable since we got back. Lucky for us, OKC has a wonderful Malaysian restaurant called Banana Island. Positives: extraordinary value, big portion sizes, great quality of food, mostly authentic flavors, decent service, clean. Negatives: There's a few tvs on constantly, so that takes away a little from the atmosphere. Wait staff is small, so occassionally service can be slow. In order to please a variety of palletes, there's some less-than-authentic flavors on the menu too, the Haianese Chicken Rice (a Malay and Singaporian staple) is pretty bland and not nearly as good as the real thing-- I wouldn't order it again. I don't think the negatives are negative enough to warrant the deduction of a star, and this is the best Malaysian restaurant I've been to in the midwest...so 5 stars it is. My recommendations:Appetizers (1 order of each of the following is enough to share among 4):Indian Pancake w. beefBanana Island Satay Chicken (fine for the Gluten sensitive, B.F. has Celiac)Once you order, you'll also be given complimentary hot & sour egg drop soup wth crispy fried wonton strips. It's easy to get pretty full on the above appetizers and your soup..so pace yourself and share.Drinks:Mango Lychee Bubble Tea--great for the Gluten sensitive. It's cheap, it's delicious! You could order this for dessert instead because it's sweet enough.Entrees (Portions are large enough to split):Lamb Randang (authentic Malaysian classic)Mango ChickenPinapple ShrimpPad Thai(these four entrees are okay for Gluten sensitivities, no guarantees for the EXTRA sensitive like Crohn's or severe Celiac. If you are EXTRA sensitive, ask your waiter to make sure there is no Soy Sauce added. We checked with our's, and the B.F. has had all four of these dishes and was totally fine)Stir Fried Flat Noodle- Char Kuey Teow (authentic Malaysian classic and my favorite dish at Banana Island). This dish has tons of seafood mixed in and it's just plain DELICIOUS! As with the other portions, it's a good idea to split this one. It's stir fried in a brown sauce, so I wouldn't recommend it for the Gluten sensitive.Dessert:Mango Sticky Rice (great for the Gluten sensitive)-- it's delicious!
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,8/19/2012,125,125,,4,5>I've lived in Oklahoma for 10 years and I've never eaten an onion burger until....I came to Tuckers. The burger world in Oklahoma is pretty competitive people take there meat seriously and "around these parts" (say it with an accent) there are some serious opinions about onions as well. Tuckers it the perfect place to baby-step into this onion thing.The onion caramelization was so perfect they melted in my mouth without, over powering the flavor of the beef. The real perfection for me was honestly in the bun which held together perfectly all my juicy burger ingredients without becoming to soggy or breaking a part, still the texture of the bread remained light in fluffy at the same time, I'm really impressed and would like to start by buying my buns from Prairie Thunder, hopefully that's something they offer.  (Summer Bar-B-Que 2012)I think I'm ready to dive in to this onion thing now with Nic's Grill and Bunnies Onion Burger, I really appreciate Tucker's for pushing me gently into it, hopefully this will continue to be such a delectable endeavor.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,8/18/2012,34,109,,3,1>Stella - LOVE IT!!!I love Stella - it is my midtown go-to. I have to admit I spend most of my time at the brunch where I always have their grapefruit brule with a side of ricotta cheese and honey...amazing combo always wonderful. The grilled pork chop and sweet potato hash is the perfect combo of salt to sweet. Check out the make your own bloody mary bar...it rounds out a perfect brunch experience.The staff is well trained and service is always excellent. Often the owner, Lisa is making the personal rounds to each table. Stella is super concerned with the quality and variety of the menu items. Dinner - some of our personal favorites are the grilled pork and osso buco. The pizzas are excellent - crispy with the cheese melted to gooey goodness from the wood fired pizza oven and never greasy.Overall: great Italian with a twist...
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,8/17/2012,1,4,,4,2>I've been here many times and I have always had a good experience.The atmosphere / build-out of the restaurant is well done, and there is plenty of seating inside and out on the patio. It's very comfortable and doesn't seem crowded, even if the place is packed.Their lunch specials are incredible. You can get either sushi or hibachi for well under $10 and the quality of the food is spectacular. The beef and shrimp hibachi have both been very fresh and flavorful, as well as the cucumber, carrots, mushrooms, and other vegetables that come with it. The food is well done and well plated, enough to be at a much nicer restaurant, but without the high prices.Ordering is very straight-forward, the menus are very simple and easy to understand, and the staff is very friendly and helpful. I would (and will) come back many times.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,8/16/2012,12,19,,2,1>Definitely one of the better sushi places in the area. I loved the Heaven roll. They give you a lot of meat/yellowfin/tuna in each bite, as opposed to too much rice. They have a good variety of sushi and unique combinations of ingredients in different rolls that you may not find in other typical sushi places. Tom Yum is AMAZING!! SO much tastier and better than the Chinese hot and sour soup. This restaurant is a smaller space inside then I expected, but this place makes a great date night.They also have an outside patio and sometimes live music, which I think is pretty cool to hang out and eat sushi.  The waitress was really nice and kept checking on us.  The only thing I think would make it a 5 star experience is if the space inside was larger because there was a large group of people next to us having a party and they were a little too close for comfort.  As of right now, this will be my go-to sushi craving place.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,8/15/2012,3,51,,3,3>I've only been in OKC for four weeks and this is one of the best things we've discovered so far. Yeah it's $27 for an adult but that is with all of the kit; shoes, harness, helmet. I grew up rock climbing in Colorado as a kid so I can be jaded towards "indoor climbing" but this was fun! It was 100+ degrees out, however it was comfortable inside (yes warm, but not hot) and we had a great time. It is the perfect place for kids to learn to climb, to take a first date, or to work on your fitness. Oh, and there are two bouldering rooms, and there is a cool crack to jam on. The staff is helpful, and it you need advise, just ask. Hey is a little rough, but it's a climbing gym in a silo! It's hip, and cool.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,8/14/2012,93,44,,3,1>They gladly sat six of us on a late Sunday when they were about a half hour from closing. The platters we got as appetizers were great. It had crab, garlic bread, shrimp, steak fries, and other stuff I forgot about.My ribeye was good. However, you can't really expect too much when they were cleaning up and getting ready to shut down for the night. This is a higher end steakhouse but the steaks do not come out on sizzling plates; at least they didn't for us.The lobster bisque soup was excellent.Creme brulee for dessert was good too.Excellent customer service.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,8/13/2012,0,2,2,2,1>A gem in OKC for sure!  I have yet to have something at S&B that isn't delicious!  Every burger is wonderful and bursting with flavor!  The Smokin' Okie & the Fire are my two personal favorites.  Always be on the lookout for their burger special of the month.  The Beer selection is impressive to say the least.  If you are looking for something fun and amazing, then go to S&B!!
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,11/21/2013,104,246,,4,3>I cannot think of anything that would make this restaurant anything other than five stars. I have never been disappointed with service or food. My friend and I made it our weekly anatomy study/beer (???) spot for a couple of months during last semester classes. They were so kind to allow us to study in there for hours on end and to wait on us tirelessly as we ordered more and more. They have an amazing grilled vegetable sandwich and their potato salad is to die for. Other wonderful items I have had off their menu include delicious falafel, hummus, pita, avocado coleslaw and strawberry cheesecake.Saturn Grill has some delicious beer choices including my personal favorite Franziskaner, and they only charge $4 a bottle! They also offer 15% off food purchases with a Keep It Local card! If not for their food, come in for the atmosphere. They have some pretty mesmerizing tables and the sinks in the bathrooms change colors! ooooooooooooo. fancy.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,11/20/2013,81,105,1,3,2>I'd like to say that the best thing about Urban Agrarian is how unpretentious it is.  But that would be undermining the fact that the best thing about it is the food itself. Obviously, a place that is truly about the food will be unpretentious, right?  And yet, things don't always work out that way.  Fortunately, it does at Urban Agrarian.  It's perfectly crunchy for the right reasons.  Who needs icing on the cake when you go to get good local produce and locally produced breads, granolas, pastas, etc.?  This is my favorite grocer in OKC in spite of its small size and selection.  I know that what I'm getting supports the community.  No complaints that opening hours are slimmer than the 24hr big box.  This kind of grocer feels good.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,11/19/2013,123,113,4,6,4>Why this place isn't packed constantly, I can't understand. Okie do indeed love them some pizza, whether it's the cheap dough wads that come from numerous chains and low-end delivery shops, or other more pricey options that seem to ride their reputations more than their actual execution (it's not bad, it's just not THAT good).Pizza 23 frickin' rocks. No lie. The secret is the crust. There's butter in that crust. You heard me, butter. So the taste is bumped up a notch, but more importantly the crust is unbelievably tender. It holds the toppings without breaking down, but it doesn't have the tough glutens that ruin a lot of other pies.Amazing salads, a well-curated beverage selection, big-screens on the wall for game time, a clean inviting space, friendly staff...I'm struggling to thing of a down side. OK, our tab for two mediums, two salads, an app and drinks was in the sixty dollar range including tip. Consider that two members of our party were tweens, and that bumps the likely check average into the $15-20 pp range. Pricey? Compared to the big names, perhaps. This, however, is definitely a situation of you get what you pay for. And surprise, surprise: sometimes quality really does win out over quantity. Make your meal be more about the pleasure on your taste buds, not how many notches you have to loosen your belt afterward. You should go to Pizza 23 like you should vote: early and often.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,11/18/2013,214,465,4,8,7>I had a hard time finding this place because the restaurant's name was nowhere to be found. There were some stickers on the the windows but it was hard to see with the sun's reflection. Kitchen 324 is located downtown so parking is hard to come by. I came for Sunday brunch so I was able to find street parking a couple of blocks away. The restaurant looked great. Loved the white walls, it made the place look very clean. The ceiling had beautiful flower details around the border. There were many windows which brought in lots of natural sunlight.  I ordered the eggs benedict which came with potatoes and loved it! Portions were not big so my friend and I decided to split a danish from the pastry case. I highly recommend it! I wish I worked downtown so I could come here every morning for a latte and yummy pastries! I got the Bright Citrus juice blend and it was good but I felt like the $6.99 price tag was a bit much. The bottle was too small to justify the price.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,11/17/2013,83,76,,3,1>Good spot for my husband's craving for Vietnamese spicy beef noodle (Bun bo Hue). The cook is from the Central of Vietnam where the spicy beef noodle was created. The broth is made from beef bones and beef shank with lemongrass and then seasoned with shrimp paste. Very red spicy chilli oil is added later during the cooking process. So, if you want extra spice, ask your waitress. If you want a stronger smell (I mean really strong), ask for shrimp paste (don't put too much, it will be salty)Fresh herbs and garbage. Nice cut of meat : beef and pork. Generous portion and cheap. Friendly service even though they run quite a lot and not that efficiently. They only make smoothies from fresh fruit (Thanks! I don't like powder smoothies). Not so sure about the sushi...
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,11/16/2013,5,14,1,3,2>I love Cuppies and Joe! The name is perfect for this place with its cozy, living room feel. The business is held out of a historical 1920s home located in the artsy uptown area of the metro. The staff is always pleasant. They were patient as they give me the full list of their latte flavors and personal recommendations. And the drink left me with no complaints.I'm not a cupcake person and the treats are limited to the sweet side of the palate, so don't go hungry. However, it's a great home away from home. C&J is the perfect refuge from heat or cold; a place to gather with friends or strike up a conversation with a friendly stranger over a book. Or just relax and relish in the photography, art, and atmosphere that has been captured at Cuppies and Joe.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,11/15/2013,0,9,,1,1>Great food at a great price! The diner is a....diner. Yes, just a good ole greasy spoon the actually does a great job. The service was great. My wife and I each had the Big Jim Omelette, which is a FIVE EGG omelette that comes with TEN ingredients! Needless to say, neither of us could finish it. It was by far the best omelette I've ever eaten.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,11/14/2013,62,149,,6,2>I came here STARVING with a girlfriend several hours after a hot yoga class, having not eaten anything all day...probably not the best decision, but nonetheless...there we were.  We got there around 3:30 pm, and we were given their dinner menu, so I can't speak to what lunches are like, but our "dinner" was pretty awesome.  Their concept is pretty cool...farm to table is how they try to roll. There are no freezers in the restaurant, and they pretty much make everything from scratch. They even have a garden adjacent to the restaurant where they grow their own veges and herbs. I ha an iced tea which was unsweatened, refreshing, and homemade, with free refills (yay!)I ended up trying a cup of their creamy tomato soup, which was a special, and was totally delicious. Definitely had a lot of cream in there, so if that's not your thing, this is not the soup for you. For my main course I had the OMG burger. This thing is pretty much exactly as it sounds. It is a HUGE burger on a challah roll with a fried onion ring, cremini mushrooms, chipotle mayo and Wisconsin cheddar. It was good, although I think the regular burger would also have done it for me. It was more of a traditional bacon cheddar burger, also huge. Both came with a side of kettle chips, and we ordered parmesan fries to split. Definitely not a healthy meal, but it hit the spot for sure! They also have an extensive whiskey menu...one would hope with a name like whiskey cake kitchen. We didn't have anything to drink due to the dehydration and starvation...but will next time. Their prices are high (i.e., $30 for a class of macallan 18, or $20 for lagavulin 16), but they have a very large selection that I haven't really found elsewhere.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,11/13/2013,37,113,,2,3>Bookworms, rejoice! Full Circle is a wonderful indie bookstore nestled in the heart of consumer central in OKC. It's everything you would want in a bookstore -- wide selection, cozy fireplaces, great cafe (wine included!), and welcoming staff. If they don't have the book you want/need, then they will special order it for you, hassle-free. I have ordered books for work through FC, and they were wonderful to work with. I will say that it's great that they have so many events going on, but my experience was been they need just a wee bit more organization. I help organize a women's social group, where one of our components is Book club. We've met at FC a few times, and while we called in advance to schedule the time, the staff had no clue we had an event on the day of. This has happened multiple times, which is a little frustrating. To their credit, however, it didn't stop the staff from accommodating us on a moment's notice to ensure that we had chair space and felt welcomed. It just would have been easier for everyone all around if our event had been on the calendar as promised.FC is definitely worth a few trips to, at the very least. I'd go here any day over Barnes and Noble.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,11/12/2013,25,48,2,6,5>It's Saturday night and I'm sitting here writing this review with the taste of delicious still in my mouth. I've been to a few BBQ places in my life and few have made me need to take a break just to savor the food. I grabbed the Big Red plate which is your choice of three meats and two sides for about 15. I feel bamboozled because my eyes were saying something my stomach couldn't arrest to.Baked Macaroni & Cheese 5/5: I never thought in my life I'd give Mac and cheese five stars but this is definitely one of those times. Nice and cheese, perfectly gooey.Cowboy Beans 5/5: I almost got curly fries. That would have been a sin against whatever divine figure you may worship. Thankfully my mother interjected and told me to get these instead. Give your mother a kiss because these were delicious. Very good kick and everything I wanted and more. I love my mother. Ribs 5/5: Fell off the bones. Didn't even need the delicious BBQ sauce. Two delicious ribs that I wish were still here. At this point I was already too full to really give the rest of the food a objective rating. The pulled pork and the brisket was delicious for a small sampling. Definitely going to enjoy these leftovers. I'm breaking up with Billy Sims and Leo's. Bedlam is officially the place for me.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2013,12/1/2013,37,75,2,7,4>My entire waffle-eating life, I only liked waffles for their ability to soak up syrup and hold toppings.  I've had eggos, waffle house, and belgian waffles at hotels.  None of them compared to this level of excellence.The waffles themselves are good enough that you could take them home and put whatever you like on top.  They're even good enough to eat by themselves with the help of a little butter.  They're awesome, and when you start with a waffle that terrific it's hard to screw it up.But Waffle Champions goes a step further and mixes some excellent toppings.  While the menu is a little light on options, make sure to check out the specials as well.  For the "sweet" waffle dishes, you can pick 3 toppings.  I went with a peanut butter and jelly theme and was very impressed.My second visit back was even more of a slam dunk. Their special was a grilled tillamook and havarti waffle cheese sandwich with green chili mayo.  Served with a bowl of tomato bisque, it was absolutely delicious.  I'd order that dish over and over again as the perfect lunch on a cool day.The music is hip, the decor is very modern, and this is a great way to start your day on the weekends.  It's a bit crowded, parking is confusing, and the environment may not be for everyone, but you should certainly make that call for yourself after visiting once.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,11/30/2013,16,30,,2,2>What a wonderful restaurant! The atmosphere is laid back but is still nice enough for a date, the staff is very helpful and friendly, and the food is ALWAYS fresh and delicious. Prices are beyond reasonable. No complaints here. I actually find myself craving it!My personal favorite is the noodle bowl with spicy tofu. Their vietnamese coffee is delicious, very concentrated and flavorful. Also, there is a small cookbook library that you can browse while you wait. There are 2 TVs that are usually always on the Travel channel of the FOOD Network. Very inspiring.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2013,11/29/2013,100,68,2,3,1>I love theatre and I love seeing it in a venue like the Civic Center. I recently had the opportunity to see both 'Will Rogers Follies' and 'Wicked' and I was thrilled with the whole experience. The Civic Center is a beautiful building inside and out. I've even heard they boast some of the best acoustics in the country.There's a café and refreshment stand along with a souvenir counter. Being a lush, I love that there is not only a bar with beer, wine, and specialty cocktails created for the show, but they also allow you to pay for a drink ahead of time that will be ready for you at intermission. Mind readers, they are. Yoda, I apparently am.If you are looking for some dining options within walking distance, OKCMOA restaurant and Hobby's Hoagies are tasty and fit either end of the budget spectrum.There are places to park around the theatre for $5 - $10 cash and a parking ramp that is close but may be a bit of a walk. (If you do park that far away, might I suggest making a pit stop at Flint for drinks and noshing?) But back to parking, I know from experience that if you get there just after 6:00PM, you can snag a spot on Colcord without having to pay. Don't wait too long, those spots fill up fast! If you haven't been to a show here before (or at least not since the renovations), I suggest checking out their schedule and taking any chance you can get to see a show here. We all need a little more culture and sophistication in our lives, don't you think?
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,11/28/2013,31,66,1,2,2>We have been to tapwerks plenty of times and yes the beer selection is amazing.  The bartenders are pretty friendly.  But recently they have changed their menu and we were there with friends so we shared  couple of appetizers.  I need to go back and try more items, because the food has never been impressive but the cheese curds and the fries were amazing.  They have a new logo as well. We will be back soon and not just for the beer!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,11/27/2013,58,59,5,6,3>Blue Seven is a bit more expensive than I'd like for the type of stuff it tends to sell, but it's forgiveable.  The store is a really awesome place, because it carries a super wide variety of things-- a little like an Urban Outfitters, but local, not offensive, and less trying-too-hard.  The thing I buy the most often there are their lovely voluspa candles-- they have a really wide rand of scents from the company and honestly, voluspa are the highest-quality candles I've found.  They have a lot of other candles too, and tend to have some nice masculine candle scents, which are hard to come by.  They also have a great selection of masculine grooming products, including Jack Black male cosmetics, which is GREAT for when you want to buy a guy a gift that's a little out of the ordinary for what people typically get.In terms of gifts in general, though, the place has you covered.  Whether you want a giant gummy bear, some novelty dining wear, cool flasks, lovely jewelry, journals, barware, or random kitschy/cool stuff, they've got you covered.  You can waste hours just playing around looking at everything for offer.But of course, their main deal is clothing.  The women's section has lovely fossil purses, retro-inspired dresses, fun shorts and tank tops, and some office-appropriate tops, all mixed together.  The men's clothing focusses more on tanks, t-shirts, and awesome bow-ties and socks.  There's a wall of Tom's, if you're into them, and a whole ROOM of jeans.  And these jeans are something special, because Blue 7 has a focus on raw denim.  Don't be afraid-- I haven't found a pair I'm willing to shell out for yet, but one of their employees (Ethan) was super super helpful to me as I tried.  My hips were having none of it, but I'll be back some day to try again, when I'm feeling slightly less demoralized.One of the best parts of the store is the Just OK section, featuring locally made and local-celebrating products.  From Oklahoma t-shirts to cards to jewelry to local books, they've got something to give a visitor as a unique souvenir, or to have for yourself to show some local pride.  Plus, it's next to the best T shop in town, and they give you a discount with your Keep It Local card.  What's not to love?
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,11/26/2013,50,18,1,4,2>Okay, walking in, this place is awesome.  Great atmosphere, huge TVs, great art.  Fun vibe.  You have to walk up and order.  Don't get overwhelmed, I know, everything looks amazing, and probably is.  You have the choice of getting beef or buffalo burgers... I highly suggest buffalo.I still want to try all of the nachos...heck, I want to try everything!  Boyfriend had the chili and we thought it was just okay, but my Ranch Avocado was heavenly.Also, try the Moscow Mule drink.  It's delish and comes in a copper mug!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,11/25/2013,1,4,,2,1>First experience trying Pho and was told this place was the best to try in the Moore/Norman area. It was AMAZING!Don't be fooled by the look of the place, it's small and quiet. Seat yourself when you get there. The menu is pretty large but my boyfriend and I came for the pho. I do recommend starting with the fried dumplings, perfect portion to share between two or three people, it could even be a small meal if you wanted. My boyfriend ordered the pho with chicken and I ordered the pho with shrimp both in medium bowls (which were huge by the way). It took about 5 minutes for the appetizer to come out and the pho came out hot and steamy about 5 minutes after that. The waiter was often gone for a while so getting a refill on water took a bit but once he noticed your glass was empty he would fill it promptly with out asking. I didn't care a whole lot about his absence cause it allowed for conversation and I could enjoy my pho without interruption. The pho is served with a plate of extra ingredients to add personal flavor to the broth. There was basil, lime, bean sprouts, and jalapeños. I added 2 wedges of lime as well as the bean sprouts and basil which made the whole dish taste spectacularly. Even better was the price for the meal, 18.50 for an appetizer and 2 medium bowls of pho. I also like that the price for the pho is based on the size of the bowl, not the type you get. I will definitely be coming back to this place as often as I can!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,11/24/2013,57,3,,1,1>Went for a quite late afternoon dinner withy wife and enjoyed the food. Bigheads doesnt try to be unique, but it absolutely executes a good standard for the fried catfish and shrimp I had. The place was empty due to holiday shopping, Saturday, and coming right inbetween dinner and lunch. The staff was diligently cleaning and their conversations didnt impede on our own. Good music for the type of food as well. Enjoyed it!
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,11/23/2013,28,33,,7,6>When you are looking for a break from work in a homey atmosphere, this is the place to go.  The food is delicious and they have daily specials.  I have had their BLT sandwich with potato salad that I finished off in a heartbeat, and their spinach wrapped chicken tortilla on my second trip was even better. Price wise you could find a better deal at a fast food restaurant, but the food won't be as good and you would really miss out on the cool, friendly environment of Beatnix.  I believe they only have 3 staff members, but they are always attentive and are great about making sure I don't run out of tea.  (Which by the way, the tea is wonderful and you get free refills.)  They do take the Keep It Local card, so make sure you bring it with you.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,11/22/2013,24,33,3,4,4>If you are looking for the best bahn mi in the City, this is absolutely the place to go.  This is the only sandwich that has bread that won't cut the roof of your mouth!If there is one ... scratch that ... two downfalls, it is the amount of meat you get in the sandwich and the amount of vinegar in the pickled slaw.  Both could be amped up just a bit and then this bahn mi would be a close second to the illustrious LoneWolf food truck in Tulsa, OK.But ... for a sandwich that only costs $2.40 you can't expect everything so just order 2 and put them together in one sandwich!  And get the Grilled Pork, it has the most flavor and juiciness that makes up for the fact that they do not use mayo or some sort of aoili on their sandwich!So if you are in the mood for Bahn Mi, don't waste your time with Lee's or the place with the Braum's milk bottle on top ... the bread will kill you.  Trust me!  This is the only place you need to remember!  Your mouth will thank me in more ways than one! ;)
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,7/1/2013,27,106,2,4,3>I'd been wanting to try Ricky's Tacos for awhile, mainly because of their sign; a masked Luchador (El Champ) challenging you to "come get some".OK Pal, I'll take that challenge and I'm glad I did.  The first thing I noticed about Ricky's is how nice the place is. This ain't your ordinary taco shack aesthetically speaking.  The ordering counter could be any fast food joint, but the dining room is definitely above, far above your average taco shack in the style department.  Ceramic tile covered tables, nice chairs...well I don't want to lapse into Martha Stewart mode but you get the idea. It's a really nice place, inside and out. I love Abel's, but they need to take a page from this guy's book.But obviously, what I came here for was food. Another thing that sets Ricky's apart from most of it's competitors is the variety of authentic eats.  You want a ground beef taco in a dorito shell? Try ordering one.  I hope El Champ busts through the back doors and gives you an Atomic Wedgie for being such a gringo.  They have the real deal here, Carnitas, Asada, Lengua (that's tongue, if you don't comprende) and many others.  I looked for a menu online but sadly, couldn't find one. I ordered two Asada tacos, rice and beans and an iced tea.  Total damage was $8 and change, which is right in line for what you get (pic of dinner posted).The asada tacos I ordered weren't what I call Carne Asada or Al Carbon style - that's probably a misunderstanding on my part.  They were beef, however, and very good.  I can't wait to try their Carnitas - if they do good Carnitas I'll be a regular for sure. The best thing about the tacos was that they tasted just like really good street tacos I've had all over Mexico. When you can take a bite of something and it brings up a happy memory, well, can you beat that? Green and red sauce is on every table - the green (verde) sauce is what I used and it ruled.  Even the beans had queso fresco on them which I haven't seen much of outside of Mexico/San Diego - great stuff.Overall I highly recommend trying Ricky's.  If your idea of Mexican food is Taco Bell, you may not like it.  But if you enjoy the taste of real Mexican eats, this could be your place.  Viva El Champ!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,6/30/2013,151,161,1,4,4>I didn't even know that this little gem of a place existed in OKC until they featured a Groupon for half off at this location. I'm so glad they put themselves out there! I've been here 3 times in less than a month!Although the service is a tad on the slow side, I still love it here because everything is just simple and laid back. From the very Modern atmosphere to the ambient music to the dark, classy feel, the place allows you to settle in and just forget the world while enjoying some of the best sushi in OKC.Every time I've come here, the sushi has been pretty fresh and nicely made. I don't have too much of a problem fitting it in my mouth, it stays on my chopsticks without falling apart, I don't need to use more than a bb sized piece of wasabi, because they actually know how to make it, and they give plenty of gari (gets two thumbs up from the boyfriend because he eats that stuff like candy)!The rainbow roll, mountain, and spicy tuna are all wonderful fresh rolls. But if you're not up for fresh fish, most of their rolls are cooked. They also have a few entres if you are so inclined - the bf tried their lo mein and really seemed to enjoy it. I think that my favorite part is half off sushi on Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Going on one of those days, getting three rolls will cost about $13! Then there is the all you can eat sushi on Wednesdays at about $18! Can't wait to try that!
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,6/29/2013,55,6,,1,2>So I randomly decided that my entire afternoon was going to be sitting at the bar reading, but alas I ran into so many friends and friendly people that I talked my way through the day (tough life). It all began sitting down at the bar. With a quick and educated bartender, my taste for well mixed drinks was fulfilled. The little book menu is so cute, what to pick from? Well, naturally I saw mushrooms for an appetizer - sold. The 'flaming lava' as the bartender called it was rather hot to begin with but that can't hold me back from enjoying my favorite thing.  They aren't stuffed, but breaded hiding under melted cheese and jalapenos.  Next came out the opened faced sandwich (I can't remember the name...sorry folks) but it has turkey slices with an egg on top (so look for that).  Once again, I was so happy.  Lastly, I enjoyed the peanut butter and jelly sandwich with sea salt ice cream dessert. Everyone must try this! I felt like the happiest five year old in the room!  With perfect arrival time, friendly staff, and excellent food my afternoon was as good at it gets.  What are waiting for? Go now!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,6/28/2013,0,2,,1,2>Took my wife here for our anniversary and we absolutely loved it! I had told the staff prior to our arrival that it was our anniversary. Every staff member we came into contact with made sure to say happy anniversary. This in addtion to some top notch customer service made for quite the experience. The steak was maybe the best I have ever had (a multitude of fantastic seasoning choices) and the creme brûlée (their gift to us) was truly amazing! It is pricey, but I highly reccomend trying Red Prime.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,6/27/2013,106,224,1,4,2>I just tried this place out recently with my husband, and I think I liked it?We had reservations on a Friday evening at 6PM and were seated immediately 'underground' by the sushi bar. I believe this restaurant has three levels, I think? Anywho.. This place is BYOB since no liquor license yet, but beware they do not offer to keep your beverage on ice, or bring you wine glasses, but I guess that's normal for a place that's BYOB. I wouldn't know though since, I never even knew Oklahoma allowed BYOB type restaurants. But, you get the point.. This was my first time to BYOB.Next we ordered the chicken lollipops to start. I don't know what the hype is about them.. It's pretty much just a panko fried chicken with some type of sweet sriracha sauce. Nothing fancy, just decent. We both liked them, but not enough to order again. Main entrees, I ordered the salmon and it was excellent! Loved the curry sauce and the salmon was cooked wonderfully, but the curry was definitely the star. I could probably eat that every day for a few months anyways, hehe! Hubby had the Korean Cowboy, and he was disappointed. His cut of ribeye was not a premium cut, and he had ordered his steak medium rare, but it came out rare/raw. The side of fries weren't anything special, and the kimchi was not your typical traditional Korean tasting kimchi. It just tasted kinda like a spicy pickle only in cabbage form. They definitely do not make good kimchi, but oh well.. my salmon was still yummy! For dessert we both wanted the carrot cake, but we wanted our own plate meaning two orders of carrot cake. Me and hubby both have terrible sweet tooths, but our waitress only brought out a single dish of it when we ordered two. I felt sad, but didn't say anything.. Hubby ate most of it :( The carrot cake was topped with a lovely cream cheese ice cream instead of frosting and was the best thing we ate that night. I'd definitely come back just for the carrot cake itself. I'd definitely recommend this place, but go to a real steak house if you want to order a yummy steak, because you might not get one that's yummy here!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,6/26/2013,24,73,,1,1>I am always in the mood for some really good BBQ.  This place was suggested to me from someone that doesn't normally eat BBQ but will eat here any time.  That kind of recommendation could go either way, but I decided to check it out.  Going here for lunch, I ordered the sliced brisket sandwich with a side and a drink.  The brisket was really awesome.  It had a good flavor and was plenty moist.  The only thing about it was that it was half way between chopped and sliced.  Not a big deal.  Also, the spicy BBQ sauce, although it looked like ketchup, was really good as well.  As a side, I got the baked beans, which were a little thick and sweet for my liking.  To jazz up your meal, there is a condiment bar that has all the usual fixings for this kind of place...pickles, onions, jalapenos, etc.At the end of the meal, they delivered out a basket full of little apple fritter balls that were covered in powdered sugar.  I wouldn't go as far as ordering these things off the menu, but they weren't bad for an "on-the-house" treat.Bottom line, I'd say check this place out.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,6/25/2013,68,58,,9,5>Absolutely gorgeous pepper pot stew, and jollof rice that's so tasty it'll make you grin from ear to ear.Don't go expecting a large space, though -- this is one tiny venue.Mama Sinmi will come over and introduce herself, as will (should he be on site) her husband, Andrew.Fantastic service; wonderful, home cooked Nigerian food.Andrew came to our table and explained everything very carefully. (I was already conversant with Nigerian food, but many of my dinner companions simply weren't.)We were brought a complimentary side of plantain chips, and a really tasty and sauce alongside that.We moved on to a peppery goat stew, beautiful black-eyed bean cakes, and (perhaps best of all) a fiery rice dish that almost made me weep with joy.Beautiful food; beautiful people.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,6/24/2013,14,57,3,5,3>So, let me start with their decor! It is really pretty inside. They have chairs and booth seating. They have a bar with a TV and its very dive looking along with upscale. As you walk in, you just know they have really good food. Their food I fell in love with when I first had a bite. I shared a medium sized pizza with a friend because the place could get a little too pricey for a broke college girl, like myself. But if you share their pizza with some one than it cuts down the cost to something reasonable. They also do half and half on their pizzas so you don't have to compromise with anyone. I got their Spinach and Alfredo Pizza and Meatball pizza, half and half, Hand Tossed! LOVEDDD IT!! The crust was just right and not over cooked. Their Alfredo was delicious tasting. Normally Alfredo can be anywhere from too runny to too bland. This one was just perfect! I would love to try their pastas with alfredo next time! Definately going back to this place. It's fairly new but all of their pizzas are freshly made in their kitchen in a tandoor oven!
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,6/23/2013,19,68,2,2,1>Ted's. It's my favorite restaurant to barely touch my main course at. That's because I tend to fill up on the excellent chips, salsa, tortillas, and queso that come before the rest of the meal and will be refilled endlessly (if there's a limit I haven't reached it, and I've tried.)The tortillas are especially awesome. You can see them being made fresh in a window from your table and they arrive piping hot at the table. My true gringo nature, if there was ever a doubt, is revealed when I take that first tortilla and slather it in butter. So good.The salsa is tomato-centric and has nice flavor without much heat. There is an atomic salsa available by request. I like to mix it into my queso for a nice added kick.The main dishes are also excellent example of Tex-Mex fare. The fajitas have a tasty marinade and give you another excuse to eat more tortillas. The Mexican flag gives you a nice selection of different sauces and flavors. Plus, after the accouterment, I usually end up taking at least half of my entree, if not the entire thing, home. Getting an extra meal out of an order really makes Ted's into an excellent value.The sopaipilla at the end of the meal is a cinnamon-sugared fried honey-holder made of joy. I used to go to Ted's with sorority girls regularly and they would occasionally turn down this included delight. I'm amazed that the rage and contempt I directed towards them on these occasions didn't cause them to combust on the spot. Don't turn down the sopaipilla.The service at Ted's is great. The margaritas are quite good. Enjoy.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,6/22/2013,0,5,,2,1>This place is my favorite little gem in OKC. If you're looking for a fancy environment, this place isn't for you. But if you're looking for seriously good food that leaves you craving it all the time, you have to try this place. The motulena eggs are my go-to entree. The portion is perfect and the combination of ingredients makes this one of my favorite dishes. Ever. I have also had the migas, tilapia from the lunch menu (large portion) and many other things, all of which has been delicious every time. Try this place. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,3/1/2014,63,141,4,10,7>This may be my new favorite spot in the city. The service was phenomenal for starters. I'm pretty sure I tasted every wine on their menu before I decided what I wanted a glass of., and the sommelier was incredibly friendly and knowledgeable. They have a good variety of wines for every taste bud from the super dry Petite Sirah to the almost syrupy sweet Symphony. My personal favorite was the dry red Pinotage.It has a great rustic, low key atmosphere that felt immediately welcoming when I walked in. That night we also had the pleasure of listening to a singer with an acoustic guitar for a few hours.And the food. THE FOOD. The food blew my mind out the back of my skull. I ordered the veggie risotto and fried brussel sprouts. My friends ordered the salmon in miso glaze, truffle mac 'n cheese, and croquettes. Absolutely everything was over the top delicious. In fact, the salmon may have been the most delicious salmon I've ever tasted. I will be back until I've tried everything on their menu, and then I'll probably keep coming back for seconds.I can't wait until I get to eat and drink here again.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,2/28/2014,29,59,1,6,5>This is one of my favorite little gems of Oklahoma City.  It is such a creative hub, and you have people of all sorts congregate here to share a cup of coffee, grab a baked good, or eat a yummy vegetarian breakfast or lunch.  Every dish I've had here has been fresh and delicious, and there's something very home-like about each dish.  I always feel as if my mom is in the back kitchen whipping up a meal for me with love.  I believe even those who are non-vegetarian can appreciate the eats.  They also have good cookies, brownies, pastries if you're looking for a grab-and-go treat.  It may be a few bucks high for salads, sandwiches, ect., but I'm always happy to spend a little more to support local and guaranteed good food.  This is the place I chose to spend my birthday afternoon--today I stopped in for the Gringo Salad and apricot tea, while I returned emails and updated my website.  With free Wifi, it's a great place to "hang" and get caught up with studies, work, or with a friend!  On a nice day, don't miss any one of their many outdoor seating options!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,2/27/2014,37,75,1,6,4>Mickey Mantle's Steakhouse is a solid upscale restaurant you can trust to deliver a great experience.  I came here to enjoy a nice meal alone after a rough week, and I needed upscale comforting.  Mickey's picked me up!I started with the wedge salad, which I always love once I manage to figure out how to cut it.  It was delicious, though I've had better versions of the dish elsewhere.I ordered the 22 oz bone-in prime ribeye, which is my usual go-to entree for evaluating a new steakhouse.  They had some interesting options, like smoked ribeyes, but nothing dry-aged, unfortunately.  However, the prime grade beef was very well cooked.  There was a little leftover pile of gristle when I was done with my steak, which unfortunately happens no matter how much money you spend on your meal.I wanted to splurge on a side item like the lobster mac or lobster risotto, but the waiter strongly recommended I try their jalapeno bacon mac and cheese.  When a waiter recommends a cheaper item, you know he's giving you his honest opinion.  He wasn't messing around, the jalapeno mac and cheese was unbelievably good and tasted great the next day (Thanks, microwave!).  The decor was what you'd expect from an up-scale dinner that costs $80/person.  Very dark, elegant, and professional.  Unlike Red Prime, which takes risks with their crazy red lighting, this delivered a more traditional steakhouse experience and that's exactly what I was looking for.The warm spice cake a la mode was a fantastic dessert, as well.  I skipped the appetizer in hopes that I'd have room for dessert, but I'll be sure to check the appetizer next time I visit Mickey Mantle's.  And there will most definitely be a next time.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,2/26/2014,77,386,8,10,9>Lots of emotions after my visit to Olive & Co, so let me impersonate how kids these days* would describe the experience: OMFG. WTF? TWFAAWSGTAS.**I was under the impression that I had been using good quality olive oil. How silly of me. Turns out that true high quality olive oil tastes WAY better, and when you add in the flavor infusions these fine folks have mastered, you've got an incredible variety of options that should have you set for pretty much any dish you can imagine. This is where I don't mind spending money, because it's expensive, but you're getting an extremely high quality product for that money.Now not only that, but they have tremendous varieties of vinegar to go with it. Since my wife already makes a killer rosemary bread, this place means dipping material is permanently taken care of, and they'll happily recommend some complementary options for those purchasing both oil and vinegar. (And free samples.)Which reminds me to go ahead and gush over the staff too. These folks instantly put me at ease, clearly love their profession, were quick to introduce me to nuances I'd never heard of (but were true, no BS here), and they sold me on buying way more than I'd planned just by having great products and a great attitude. I will be back here many more times, I have no doubt.One final note: Since my visit, I've messed around with our purchases. Obviously, cooking with the products will make the flavors far more subtle ... so much so that unless you find yourself with infinite amounts of cash, you may want to focus on salads and other uncooked dishes when it comes to these premium ingredients.Here's to Olive & Co., for me the neatest surprise of all 2013.* Not really, it's probably more like what old people thought kids these days were saying 10 years ago.** That Was Freaking Awesome And We Should Go There Again Soon.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,2/25/2014,26,92,2,11,4>Finally! I've been waiting for a great tea/coffee place to open in this area! So tired of Starbucks!  This place is awesome and has every component to make up a great cafe: great atmosphere, comfortable seating, many outlets, great drinks AND food!!!!  Lastly, unlike most other cafés in the city...they open LATE!!  That's soooo hard to find! On the weekends, you can hang out or study until midnight!  They have great patio seating, too.  I can't wait to sit out there when the weather is nicer!  The owners have definitely put a lot of thought and energy into this place!
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,2/24/2014,3,39,5,7,7>****DISCLAIMER****  You may never be able to stomach eating that "egg-product" served at your local Denny's or IHOP again after eating at Kitchen 324.  **************************************************­***********************************So my wife's new job included a free breakfast/lunch at Kitchen 324.  I'd never heard of it, but here we go:So the place looks clean, trendy, a bit hipster-ish.  The food appears to be prepped in an open kitchen thing by the front door.  Everyone we encountered was quite friendly and helpful.  They have a take out counter, a coffee/pastry bar, and REAL eggs.  Now, when I see a waiter with an epic poof-y beard, and a kitchen staff guy with a glorious waxed mustache, I EXPECT INCREDIBLE HOMEMADE AND DELICIOUS FOOD PREPARED FROM SCRATCH.Oddly enough, that's basically what I got... right down to the water.No really, my wife tells me these guys actually filter their own water or something.  I don't know what they do, but that water was the smoothest most fresh tasting water I've ever had.My wife and I had the Open Faced Toast (subbed biscuit as per the waitresses suggestion) and the Bacon/Jack Strata(?) both with a side of potatoes.My wife asked for ketchup (which was promptly delivered to her) but honestly, I don't know why she wanted to add anything to the potatoes as they were cooked to perfection.  Soft, tender, flavorful, amazing.  Who knew starch could taste so good?I'll admit, I could have probably used some more shaved ham on the Open Faced Toast, but where other restaurants give you in bulk trash, 324 gives you adequate gourmet taste-bud-teasing delights.The eggs were perfectly poached: just a tiny hint of runny, without any hint of overcooked.  The sauce was odd at first, but complimented the meal perfectly.  Even the biscuit was crunchy in all the right places, and soft in the rest.After all was said and done, the two (plus our 2yr old) of us walked out of there full and happy for (before the discount) less than $25 (pre-tip).  I wish this place wasn't downtown, because I hate paying for parking or parking and walking, but luckily for me my wife works downtown and has a pass to park as a result.If you find yourself downtown and looking for fresh home-made food-gasm in perfectly portioned plates, I'd recommend giving them a try.*****I was going to knock them a star for failing to have a blender (I really wanted a frozen Chai, but they can only do hot or iced) but my wife reminded me that I licked both our plates clean, so their rating remains in-tact.****
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,2/23/2014,60,81,2,6,4>If I ACTUALLY checked-in to Big Truck every time I went, you would feel embarrassed for me. Some days my husband and I have the "Big Truck or Cook Dinner" conversation... and I'm pretty happy when Big Truck wins. Some people are sad when Chik-Fil-A is closed on Sunday; I'm the same kind of sad about Sundays with BT.Alright, you get it, I like it. I like that it still has some of it's food truck aesthetics -- such as more tables outside than inside. Ceviches and tacos are my favorite --- which my husband loves the burritos. They stay open late, for those late night queso and beer cravings. I will say lunchtime is crazy here, but it's never been annoying to me. You can also order over the phone and drive through to pick it up!
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,2/22/2014,39,22,,5,2>If you're a guy and know nothing about current hair styles and trends then ask for Alex.  She's the best.  She's worked in some local fashion shoots and some movies shot here in Oklahoma. Alex specializes in men's hair (short) and it you don't know what style you want she will give you good advice on current styles.**** Update ****Well so Alex has moved on to bigger and better things :(  Good for her, bad for us.  But there are still plenty of good stylists at the Velvet Monkey.  And they still will keep you informed on current styles.  ;)
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,2/21/2014,35,49,4,11,7>Cafe Evoke is my favorite coffee shop in the Oklahoma City metroplex. Elemental Coffee is good. Coffee Slingers has its pros (and more than one con.) Evoke is perfect. Jason and Jenny, the owners, have taken the time and invested the money to make their coffee shop the right way. The store itself, with its minimalist style architecture and design, is inviting. They use whites and wood accents on most surfaces and walls, and splash bright colors here and there. Their espresso machine and grinders, for example, are custom painted blue and yellow, making them stand out beautifully on the white bar. The staff are equally enchanting. Each barista must have intimate knowledge of dialing in the grind, steaming milk, and pulling perfect shots of espresso before they are allowed on bar (a tradition that  may seem like a given for a coffee shop, but is frustratingly something that many shops ignore for the sake of quick service.) Each barista has a true love and passion for quality coffee--whether it is espresso, pour over, siphon, chemex, french press, etc.--and each has their favorite among them.The coffee they serve is representative of their passion, and the food on the menu is equally creative and delicious. Evoke does a great job with bringing in new and different coffee from roasters around the country, featuring something different every week. More importantly, they take the time to get to know each new bean as it arrives on the menu. Every coffee has different taste notes, notes that develop and become more complex with differing brew methods. Espresso is violent. It showcases both the deepest, most delicate attributes of a bean alongside the ever-present imperfections. French press brings a coffee's body out, allowing the rich oils to remain in the final cup. Pour over produces a clean, bright finish. I have always been amazed at how well the baristas at Evoke manage to extract the fullness of their coffee from each brew method they offer. Their regular drip coffee--offered in the morning--is surprisingly just as perfect as their pour overs are. Evoke loves coffee and treats it the way it should be treated. They do not make drinks in haste or without attention. They observe their shots as they pull them. They toss out under or over extracted shots, rather than serve them. They dial in the grind many times throughout the day! Why doesn't the typical coffee shop do this anymore? But Evoke is far from typical. They have found the perfect balance of mastering speciality coffee without bombarding the customer with the superior attitude that is becoming typical of this business. They love their customers and know many by name. They support other local businesses, which I love! If you're looking for great coffee, a fun lunch, cocktails and wine, or a place to sit and study, Evoke is where you must go.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,2/20/2014,99,8,5,6,7>Ode to the Wedge (sung to the tune of Ode to Joy)The Wedge Pizza, we adore youPizza lovers everywhereToppings they are bountifulAnd pizza big enough to shareShare a pizza, have looocal beer, have another then call a cabThe Wedge Pizza, local pizzaThe best pizza in the land!YUM!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,8/9/2014,40,73,5,7,5>Urban Johnnie. I've been waiting for you to open for MONTHS. Just blocks from my office and near downtown fun, I knew we would be fast friends. My first Urban Johnnie's experience was great! My group of four got there at 5:30, and were seated right away. We had a great waiter who was attentive, but not overly so (which is a fine balance). Also, he is Irish with a great accent and called us all 'Love' in a non creepy way. Bonus points to Urban Johnnie for that one. I also love the decor and atmosphere here. Its simple, but trendy. And I love the added touch of the OKC photographs. With plenty of TV screens, this is the perfect place to catch the "big game" (whatever the current "big game" of the moment is). We ordered the chips with queso and salsa to start us out and it was very good! I'm a sucker for queso and salsa, and thought Urban Johnnie's recipe for both was unique without being too different. For my main course I had to go with the Theta Burger. A favorite of mine at the original Johnnie's, and I just had to get it here to make sure it was just as good ;) There were a lot of things on the menu that looked wonderful. Some other things our table got that looked delicious were: Kale salad with salmon, vegetarian soup, and a burger customized with lettuce instead of a bun. I feel like I could eat here every day for a week and happily order something different each time!Urban Johnnie has some street parking, and parking spots in the Level apartments parking garage. If you park in the garage, make sure you get a token at Urban Johnnies to allow your exit from the parking garage!All in all, I definitely would recommend this place! They have great food, great service, and a great atmosphere. Side note: Am I the only one who wants to call this Urban Johnnie's with an 'S'? Seems weird to say Urban Johnnie....
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,8/8/2014,20,47,5,7,6>I kind of feel like the reviews don't do this place justice.  And no, I'm not giving it 5 stars so I guess I'm part of the problem.  Still, I feel like this place should be a 4.5 as opposed to a 3.5 in the overall reviews.  When yelp allows me to do 4.5 I'll update my review I promise.A friend and I went for lunch to try the place out since we are always looking to try a new spot and we only recently moved our office to midtown.  This place has a lot of 'buzz on the street' so we finally made our way here.  The ambiance is exactly what I want in a BBQ joint!  Small, no frills, a few tables that you can share with random strangers (yes there are normal tables too where only one party sits), and brown paper towels with two kinds of BBQ sauce sitting on the table.The food did not disappoint either.  We split the Super Leo's Special (three ribs, pulled pork, hot links, smoked bologna, potato salad, and coleslaw), and upon the plate arriving at our table the massacre of smoked meats began.  This was the perfect amount of food for two people.  I absolutely loved the hot links and potato salad.  Not to say that the ribs, pork, bologna, etc. weren't really good (they were), but the links and the potato salad stood out for me.  I wanted to try the brisket (one of the ways I typically judge BBQ), but we were late and it would be another 30 minutes before there was more available.  Oh well.Loved the place, would highly recommend it to others, and will definitely go back.  What else can you say?
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,8/7/2014,52,90,2,3,2>I've been here so many times over the years (especially when I used to work near OUHSC). I've been here for lunch, as well as dinner, late at night, and after work for drinks and catching up with old friends. The sweet potato fries are delicious. I love the patty melt, and the fish and chips are pretty good. Service is typically good, and food is generally pretty good, and I've never had a bad dish. The beer selection is extensive. Parking can be a royal pain at times.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,8/6/2014,93,44,2,3,3>Arguably among the best pizza places in OKC metro. Great NY style pizza. Great prices. Good drink selection.Good place for lunch during the workweek or evenings for dinner. They have various kinds of pizza available by the slice each day. I got two slices for lunch the other day and cost less than $8 and it was plenty. We brought back two boxes of pizza for coworkers who asked for it and the pizza got devoured quickly.I recommend that you go early as the place gets busy for good reason. Good decor as well. Go get a pizza and some beer/wine in a nice setting.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,8/5/2014,443,449,9,10,6>I've been wanting to point something out because I've heard/read so many people state/write it as such (in person, on Yelp, or otherwise). So let me get this out of the way before moving on to the actual review: It's not "naan bread." It's simply "naan." Naan is literally... bread. So when people refer to it as naan bread, they're stuttering "bread bread." Also see "chai tea," which translates to "tea tea." There's even a chance that you've seen these words on a menu somewhere. Make sure to point out to the Indian owners that they shouldn't pander to your non-Indian sensibilities.I'm sorry. I've had that weighing on me for a while and needed to get it off my chest. Onward and upward.I was looking for reasons to hate Taj. It used to be one of three (or so) options for Indian food in this city a decade (or so) ago. It also used to be located near the intersections of NW Expressway and MacArthur Ave (in a building that has since been demolished; right in front of what is now Gatti-Town and Lifechurch). Back then, Taj was absolute garbage. Horrid, sickening, disgusting, made me consecutively projectile-vomit (not due to overeating, mind you. You're probably assuming that I was stuffing myself silly and it led to the upchucking, but your assumption would be incorrect) kind of garbage. And when the owner decided to close shop, I wished good riddance to bad rubbish.Then certain circumstances led to the owner re-opening Taj to get back into the business of making Oklahomans fatter, but this time in a different part of town. I was still bitter about how he had repeatedly tried to poison me, so I made no effort to try Taj again since it opened (three years now?). I can hold a grudge for quite a while.But I was bored of pretending to eating healthy, and one of my work colleagues was wanting Indian food. I was even more bored of Khazana, Gopuram, Ajunta, etc. and my favorite Indian places were farther than was practical to drive. So we ended up at Taj.And color me pleasantly surprised.Chili Chicken. Lemon Chicken. Chicken Lollipop. These three dishes alone (along with some of the best customer service I have received in quite some time) made my experience at Taj a solid [*][*][*][*][*]. Seriously. Each one of the aforementioned dishes were so delightful, and flavorful, and unhealthy, and rich, and spicy, and mmm!But alas, I had to be stupid and eat all (most) of the things, which ultimately pushed the experience into [*][*][*][*] territory:- Certain pieces of naan (NAAN!) were not entirely baked; as a result they were raw(ish) and doughy, which was unpleasant. - The Chicken Biriyani was unimpressive and bland, but not nearly as unimpressive and bland as the Lamb Curry. - The Chicken Tikka Masala was standard and un-differentiable from any other Indian buffet (not necessarily a bad thing). - I didn't even bother trying some of the other things that are normally associated with Indian buffets (e.g. Saag Paneer, Vegetable Korma, Sambar, etc.) because boring Indian foodstuffs. - There was a cabbage dish that was similar to something my mother makes (the name escapes me at the moment), which was enjoyable. - The desserts ranged from being okay (Kheer), to unimpressive (Mango pudding; tasted like Pepto Bismol), to quite delightful (Pineapple Halwa), to nonexistent (Gulab Jamun tray was empty).$9.70 (including tax, but before tip) for a satisfying lunch seems reasonable to me. Unsurprisingly, very little work was accomplished once I returned to the office; I had to fight the urge to take a nap the rest of the afternoon. But at least no projectile vomiting was involved. I take back all of the grousing that I had previously directed at you, Mani.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,8/4/2014,182,106,,5,3>I love this place! I enjoyed some fabulous brunch with some great friends. Jodan was our knowledgable and chill bartender.  I was pleasantly surprised with the limited but tasty offerings. Six menu items which isn't a lot but the quality is excellent. My friends and I sampled the breakfast sandwich. The huge croissant was light and flakey and the ham was cured in house. After some tasty cocktails we shared the grilled bananas with muffin ice cream and hazelnut ice cream. Yes, the ice cream tasted exactly like muffin. Did I mention that they make their ice cream in house? Cause they do. At a fancy place like Lobby Bar, one might expect to pay some steep prices but for our sammie's were under $4. The rest of the brunch menu is under $7. You have no excuse not to partake of their offerings when you roll out of bed on a Saturday morning. Too bad they're closed on Sundays.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2014,8/3/2014,224,538,1,5,4>Had a fantastic cooking class at The Tasting Room on a Thursday night.  The class is run by Chef Kurt Fleischfresser of The Coach House fame.  I attended a class entitled "Chilling and Grilling," which, as you probably guessed, included grilled dishes that were hot and cold.We arrived at 6 pm and had our choice of 2 long tables that seated about a dozen.  There were also 6 or 8 seats right at the cooking station, but those were already taken.  I imagine they are sought after, I will definitely try to get one of them in the future.  Our class was supposed to be partially outside and partially inside, but the unseasonably cold weather coupled with the rain prevented us from going outside.  But, we had a TON of great dishes, including:  chopped pork and grilled pineapple sandwiches, salmon and cantaloupe salad, grilled shrimp, lemon pound cake, beer braised bratwurst, okra stuffed with jalapeno and wrapped in bacon, and grilled peach salsa.  I know I am forgetting some dishes, but you get so much, you absolutely get your money's worth.  There were 6 wines that were paired with the dishes, and they were all fantastic.  You get a list of the wines, so you can take them to your local wine shop if you want to buy some of the bottles later.Chef Fleischfresser walks you through the entire preparation of every dish.  They are created the morning of the event, so you don't get a recipe card, but you can take notes.  Also, he is answering questions throughout the entire class, so if there is something you miss, feel free (feel encouraged, really) to ask.  He buys the ingredients at a grocery store.  The ingredients for our class came from Homeland.  I like this because they are all products we could go buy ourselves, they weren't products only available to professional chefs or restaurants.  The atmosphere was relaxed and fun.  We talked quite a bit with our tablemates, as well as people at the other table.The cost was $78 with the wine pairing, which may seem like a lot, but it was 3 hours of fun and fantastic food.  I think it was about $15 less without the wine.  I'd absolutely recommend attending classes held at The Tasting Room, I most certainly will be back.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,8/2/2014,357,648,7,8,5>Preface: I went on a Sunday late afternoon. Between 2-4 I believe. It was pretty empty.My first experience at The Garage was at their location in Norman. I shared some fries with the boo and drank a cocktail or two. Then shenanigans after Norman Music Fest and random bar hopping nights with friends made me go, hmm. I didn't do the Norman joint justice so I thought I'd beef it up for this review. (Image this scenario. Could it actually happen? Probably)Me:  "Honey, I'm going to The Garage. Do you want anything?"Tim:  "Naw. I'm okay. Thanks."Joy Goes to The Garage. Eats. Comes back home.Tim:  "Hey, I've been waiting for you. I'm hungry. I thought you were going to the garage."Joy:  "I just did. I was talking about the burger place."I know, awful joke but just humor me will ya, gees! Sooo anyway.... I'm a fan because:One, they had Prairie BOMB on tap. I've had it before (bottled version) but it tastes 100x's better in a ice cold frosty mug. One glass will do you good.Two, who says you have to order a burger? Many more options! I mixed it up and ordered a C.B.E.L.T sans cheese. I don't like American. Cheese :PI have to mention this idy bidy tid bit. Texas Toast makes me happy.Three, non-smoking... Family friendly. I don't have children, but if I did... It's a win win situation. Who doesn't like that?!Is it the best burger joint in town? I dunno. With it's sports bar like atmosphere, good service and decently priced food options... I've become a fan and in the words of The Terminator...I'll be back.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,8/1/2014,239,335,2,7,4>District House is a great addition to the Plaza. I'd describe it as more of a coffee house than a cafe, especially because of the relaxed seating, but I came to try their $5 sandwiches. Their menu is simple but with the ability to customize your sandwich as well. Three meats to choose from along with several cheeses and sauces. I'm a big fan of pesto so I chose to have that with turkey. I really like their bread. It's similar to ciabatta but more buttery and delicious. You may choose potato salad with a pickle, or cottage cheese with or without fruit for your side. I had the green mango iced tea which was also pretty good. I would definitely return for that bread alone and I'd also like to try some of their coffee drinks!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,7/31/2014,8,85,4,10,4>This review has been a long time coming. The wife and I ate here for lunch months ago but wanted to come back for some of the dinner choices before passing judgement. So... without further ado.Lunch was great! We went here initially during spring break as a part of our annual culinary staycation. (teacher perk!) We came for an early lunch and were seated quickly. After talking with the waiter about our options, we settled on the chicken lollipops for a starter and the Thit Kho Tau and the Yellowtail Citrus for our main meal. The lollipops were amazing! They were a great blend of spices and flavors (fusion!?) that surprised us and will definitely be getting on subsequent trips. The Thit Kho Tau was a beautiful stack of rice and pork with a scotch egg on top and tasted just as good as it looked on the plate. The Yellowtail Citrus was a great light meal and mixed the flavors of the sashimi with citrus amazingly. Lunch was capped wonderfully with their Symphony desert, a delicate blend of chocolates and ice cream.As for dinner, we were not disappointed! We started with the aforementioned chicken lollipops (still amazing!) before ordering the Korean Cowboy and Duck Breast that we heard about while talking to the staff during our first visit. The wife enjoy the duck, but we both agreed that I won the "plate off" with the Korean Cowboy. I ordered the steak medium rare and it came out looking incredible. The buttery sauce on top was the perfect compliment to the meat. The fries were pretty good and were made even better by the Korean ketchup that came along side them.  The wife and I loved Guernsey Park as a lunch and dinner place and as a place we can bring the kid or just have a grown up meal together.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2013,1/10/2014,125,125,8,10,7>I like it hot and messy, everything I eat needs more heat in my opinion. I'm from San Antonio and spend my holidays visiting my folks there or now my husbands family in Santa Fe, and to be honest those are the only places I get a satisfying fix of the hot and spicy Tejano style food I grew up on. I am hopeful that Rafitas will to help ease my cravings during those in between phases, I've tried a few things on the menu but the GREEN CHILLI BURRITO has been my favorite so far (I'm not sure you can handle it though, so enter with caution) Enchiladas, California Burrito, Flautas good but nothing to really "yelp" about. I'm encouraged that I will find some even more really amazing things to eat there, my friends Torta looked scrumptious, but he didn't share any with me, so I can't tell you what it tasted like only that it looked good.They're super-friendly and the atmosphere is comfortable.I'm excited to have breakfast tacos so close to my house as well chorizo & egg, potato & eggs, anything & egg tacos are a good way to start a Saturday morning. This place has a ton of potential and overall this is a very welcomed addition to my neighborhood. (Oh and there business cards are funny and cute.)
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,1/9/2014,58,67,,6,1>I had the Bonata with fish and shrimp. It was excellent with the right amount of spiciness. I tried some of the octopus cocktail and it was tender and not chewy. The horchata was pretty good too. This is a mom and pop type restaurant so don't expect to take someone on a 1st date. The food however trumps the atmosphere. Reasonably priced for good seafood.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,1/8/2014,5000,286,16,24,23>Chinatown supermarket is a epicurean journey from Hong Kong to Mainland China, thru Szechwan Provence, Beijing, Shanghai & back again! Throw in a little bit of flushing queens, or lower Manhattan's C-town, with all the English speaking American Chinese stylishly dressed in North Face & designer jeans bustling about, hunting & gathering the evenings fresh fish, greens, noodles, & seasonings. You will think your on Canal Street! The journey begins as soon as you walk in with the pungent smells of the fish market & tanks of fresh fish, overwhelming your senses & disillusioning your whereabouts. It's not the most pleasant of smells, but I've learned to adore it as it means whole live sea creatures & a abundance of the freshest sea fare awaits my culinary adventure! Live crab, bass, catfish, clams, oysters on ice and even a very curious soft shell turtle was giving me the once over as I approached! He was ready for his close up as I took his picture & the very hungry looking Chinese man beside me took him home! He was mighty handsome I bet he made a even more handsome soup! The turtle, not the Chinese man of course! lol The fish display had everything you could possibly need to create any fabulous seafood dish from simple to simply divine. The whole red snapper, salmon steaks, fresh eel & fresh octopus called out to me as dinner was quickly forming visually in my head. Fish sauce, chili paste, miso, rice wine vinegar, oyster sauce, etc., they have it all. Whatever brand you like in several different sizes. The fresh produce is a vision of majestic beauty much like the Great Wall of China, it goes on & on stretching as far as the eye can see, wrapping all around, down & back again. It holds the most incredible fresh greens like Mong Toi, red spinach, yam leaf, gungora leaf, Chung Ho, Bok choy, Yu Choy, Chinese chive flower, snow pea, lotus flower, Chinese eggplant, every kind of squash, cabbage & herb, you name it! They have it all. The colorful beauty of the fresh fruit was astonishing as was the fresh sugar cane nestled behind the giant pomelos at the front entrance. The tofu selection was equally astonishing. From the usual packaged brands to the large display of fried tofu as well as some fresh made, floating like tiny white ice burgs in tubs of ice water. Frozen foods, dumplings, fresh noodles, & a giant display of fish balls by the pound can be purchased as well as many variety of shrimp, all at wholesale prices! If that hasn't blown your mind to what kinds of dinners you can prepare yet, there is still plenty more options as the store is completely packed with tons of canned goods, dry noodles, all kinds of rice, large selection of teas, beer and a whole section of Chinese dishes & small-wears!  If your a professional Chef, a home chef, or just desire to go on a culinary adventure or heck, just an ADVENTURE around Chinatown! Chinatown Supermarket will take you there or just make you feel like your lost in NY! lol Either way, when your done with your  journey I'm sure you will have found something yummy for your next at home Chinese dinner extravaganza! Even if it's just some ramen noodles and a Chinese beer! Everyone knows how to make ramen noodles & drink a beer! lol Karate kick it up a notch with some chili paste & that beer will taste sooo much better :)' lolI cant wait for my next Culinary adventure at Chinatown Supermarket to see what fresh sea treasures I will find!Bon voyage! See you there! ;)
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,1/7/2014,41,399,,4,1>I've been to Bunny's several times. It is an average onion burger joint, but my addiction requires that I eat at every restaurant emitting that delicious aroma. The service is good and the place is clean. Portions are a little smaller than some of the other burger places, but overall it is a good meal. You can eat a burger, fries, and drink for a little over $8.A good stop!
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,1/6/2014,104,71,1,3,4>Gray Owl is a well-rounded local coffee shop.  I've always loved this place because it embodies what I think a coffee shop should be: hip baristas, art and decor with personality, a great place to study, and a simple menu of house made baked goods and sustainable coffee drinks.In the last year I believe the shop is under new ownership, but it seems the new ownership has only continued to take it in the same great direction.  There's a sweet wooden bar top now and the decor is very bicycle heavy, which is awesome.My only minor complaint is that Gray Owl's large size is nowhere near large enough to accommodate the amount of ice and coffee I require in my drink.  I'm not the guy who likes 12 shots in my drink, either.  I'm just talking about 2-3 oz of their fabulous cold press poured over enough ice that there's more than a few puny cubes left when the liquid cools down.  I know not a lot of people are like me, picky about ice, but as hot as it gets in the summer surely I'm not the only one...My favorite thing about the Owl is their bakery case.  I love l-o-v-e that everything is made in-house, right there.  Not even in the back in a kitchen somewhere, but right there in front of you.  The quiche is always great, as are the scones.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,1/5/2014,8,85,,4,2>Stopped in here while wandering around Bricktown and as a scouting trip to find a new place to watch soccer games while enjoying a nice brew.Upon entering we were greeted by one of the owners and sat at the bar to enjoy a drink. The place is small, but not overly cozy. However, I can imagine any kind of larger event might overwhelm the capacity quickly. We were told by the owner that he is looking to get some outdoor TV's soon, so that should help with the capacity as the place a nice sized patio in front.Would definitely stop by again whenever we are strolling through Bricktown again.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,1/4/2014,136,68,,4,3>My husband and I celebrated our first anniversary at Red Prime and it will be our go-to place for any special occasion. We made a reservation on Open Table and mentioned it was our anniversary. We requested a private booth and it was perfect! It was the best service I have EVER received in OKC. Extremely attentive, helpful and everyone we encountered wished us a happy anniversary. They also gave us bacon-wrapped scallops on the house to celebrate! You know it's good service when the server asks you ahead of time if you have a shellfish allergy before bringing you out a complimentary appetizer. The steaks were just perfect. Dessert was amazing. Absolutely zero complaints! We will be back again and again and again! Impeccable.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,1/3/2014,23,42,2,5,2>This is by far one of the best brunch places in Edmond (if not one of the only ones). Their burgers are amazing. The ingredients taste very quality. While the burgers are a bit more expensive that some other places, they are most certainly made with quality ingredients. The sheer size of them makes them enough for at least two (depending on your appetite).I am a fan of fried pickles and I try them wherever I go. For me, theres are the second best--only behind Hooters of all places. They use the thin hamburger dill slices which pair well with the crunchy batter.I will definatly make this a regular brunch / lunch spot.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2013,1/2/2014,182,106,1,7,3>This is one of the best experiences I've had at a Thai restaurant. It's decorated in a modern Asian aesthetic though I found it a bit chilly. The friendly server agreed but made no efforts to turn on the heater. There were 3 other dinner parties besides my own. I enjoyed the beef salad and massaman curry. The beef was tender, spicy, and seasoned well. Though, I was disappointed that it was placed on a small bed of iceberg lettuce. The dish would have been greatly enhanced by a few sprigs of fresh mint. The massaman consisted of a sweet and complex flavor that I found rich but not too rich. After this modestly priced meal, I considered a scoop of Thai tea ice cream or perhaps some green tea ice cream but I found myself sugared-out after the holidays. But, I'd like to return back. I hope this tucked away treasure lives on.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,1/1/2014,357,648,3,5,5>Dinner review:Two menus 1) Americanized 2) ChineseI reluctantly came back because I had a major hankering for duck. Luckily, you can order a 1/2 mixed plate, which appeased both the boo and I. I also wanted to compare their green bean and pork dish to Szechuan Bistro & Chow's.We ate:* * * *1/2 mixed plate- duck and crispy skin pork - I'd like to complain about the portion. For the price, it was a small plate. Granted, both tasted so yummy! The duck was seasoned and cooked well. The skin of the pork was very crunchy while the meat remained tender- not dried out. Drizzled some of the sauce in my bowl of rice and I was good to go! In a way, the taste made up for it.* *Minced pork and green beans- Our green beans were burnt. The char taste ruined it for me. Conclusion?What a difference a meal makes! Dim sum was subpar. Dinner was much better. It's not cheap, but not overly expensive. Those who don't like a heavy garlic taste will probably prefer Fung's green bean dish over Chow's. They rank 3rd place when comparing this dish to my other go-to joints.I will be back!
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,1/21/2013,10,40,,1,1>Edmond, OK is not known for the vast quantity of bistros serving inventive and consistently good food, which is why Cafe 501 is a gem. The service is usually pretty good, though the coffee can be sub-par. Despite the fact  the menu rarely changes, I have seldom been disappointed here. I recommend Jimmy's Sandwich ($10) and the Breakfast Burrito ($11) for the Sunday Brunch, which I also recommend--it's never too crowded and the service is fast. The atmosphere feels classy but don't worry, there will always be at least a few customers wearing sweat pants. My only complaint is that sometimes the staff can be moody college aged kids wearing black shirts which makes their complexions look even worse. Moderately priced, tasty food with reliable service. Win win win.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,1/19/2013,111,61,,8,1>What an great little place in the middle of downtown. Want to know something amazing? I just hung out here with friends ON A SUNDAY. Yeah, those familiar with the downtown area are just as surprised as I am.  Fresh fruits and vegetables, bacon, beef, cheeses, local honey, peanut butter, pecan butter, spices, and dry goods make this a destination for anyone driving by downtown. Let me mention the spices one more time, too. Ever had that recipe that called for all the stuff you've never even heard of, a pinch of this and a dash of that? Native Roots has it all, plus they'll give you a little plastic cup full of the exact mix you need. Unreal service.Grab a cup of hot coffee, a scone, or a nice cold fancy soda or kombucha from the fridge while doing a bit of shopping. Shoot, have a sandwich, have the friendly employees build you the perfect "everyday sandwich". Big tip? Try the tuna.All in all this is a great shopping spot. It's a mini Whole Foods with a whole lot of great attitude right near my home and office, and prices are competitive.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2012,1/18/2013,316,58,,2,1>If variety is the spice of life then thank goodness for a great wine and tapas bar. In the heart of old Edmond is a sleek, modern, and upscale watering hole, Vin Dolce. I went last night for the first time but not the last. I am a lover of small plates because it gives you variety that you mix and match and you eat until it feels right, a very efficient way to eat. I also happen to love wine and these folks are uncommonly good at the choice from $9 a glass all the way to the OMG 1 ounce tastings of superb vintages. We started with a pinot noir wine flight with an Oregon full bodied choice called Bethel Heights I especially loved since I like the more Burgundy style of Oregon to California lighter fare. The food choices are perfect for me with mussels, flat breads, an outstanding cheese plate and much more. I can't wait to go back with more people because that increases the choices you can sample. If you are tired of the same old chain restaurant mentality step into Vin Dolce. it's new York hip but with Oklahoma's casual and friendly atmosphere.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,1/17/2013,44,137,,3,2>Rococo's made for a rad date night for me & the wife. Reservations were crazy easy (and not really necessary on a Thursday night). The guy even had our table setup when we arrived.The market rate for the crabcakes was $17 that night, and I honestly regret not ordering them from the passionately detailed stories I've heard. We ordered some smoked salmon cookies (holy cow), a basic salad, cup of mushroom soup, and two pasta dishes. All the food we ordered bested our expectations. The only black-eye for the meal was our server. Friendly & helpful, but difficult to find when we needed to order or to refill our drinks. But by no means will that experience keep us from going back.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,1/16/2013,2,17,,1,1>I have heard about this place for a year now and finally it was my husband's birthday so we had a n excuse to try it out. We took our 16year old son along too. I have to say it was amazing food. I got the surf n'turf, which was the 5oz filet and lobster tail. Husband got the fish special which was baked halibut topped with sea bass, and son got the rack of ramb. We all got the bacon and mushroom rositto and fingerling potatoes. I only got the potatoes b/c the reviews on yelp. They also gave us a creme brulee and the chocolate cake. The cake was like eating a piece of dark choclate and the creme brulee was cold.  The entrees were very good and the risitto was great. I will go back for sure.The only thing I was disappointed in was the potatoes and the dessert. Neither were very good
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,1/15/2013,44,39,,1,1>A cute little restaurant tucked away in Campus Corner. If you like cheese then Victoria's is for you. The house specialty, Lasagna Rolls, are legendary around Norman. The famous garlic cheese bread is another favorite. Expect to have a server with a slightly hipsterish vibe to match the slightly hipsterish feel of the place. Just remember, they are closed Mondays.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,1/14/2013,92,240,,2,1>I have only been here a couple of times, but each time, whether dining in or swinging through the drive-thru, the service has been fantastic! Their lattes are yummy and the last time I was there I got a blueberry muffin that was so scrumptious! I really want to go  back for lunch or dinner sometime soon and really get a better feel for this fantastic cafe.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2012,1/13/2013,93,253,,3,2>I stumbled on this place because I was in search of cool greens nearby, and decided to give them a shot in stead. The setup:They have little menus that the customer fills out, then takes up to the register. Not entirely sure of the purpose for these menus... Since you still have to go to the register... The six sigma in me demands that I ask why the extra step? But it's a gimmick, trying to be different than the other places in downtown I guess. I foresee that process going the way of the dodo, once someone points out how inefficient it is. However, I wouldn't fault them for it. I was there just before the lunch rush, so I can't give any testimony to how they handle a busy shop. When I was there they were super quick. The only negative issue was my salad came out a long time after my pasta... No biggy, it was early and they were just opening. The pasta was great. Not overcooked, good flavor, a little too saucy.... But overall tasty. The pros:1) clean2) pretty darn convenient if you live/work down here3) pasta was good for non specialty restaurant. The cons:1) typical downtown problem: parking can be rough to find. 2) convoluted ordering process3) seem to be working out some staffing kinks. To sum it up, I'd give it another try for sure.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,1/12/2013,26,75,2,1,1>This is currently my favorite brunch spot in OKC. Their frozen swirl is a great compliment to spruce up your day. Most of the staff is friendly and helpful. The complimentary chips and salsa are a highlight. Generally most comp salsa is bland, but this one is really good, and has a little bit of a spice to it as well. I forget what I usually get for brunch, but its basically a deconstructed enchilada and it is fan-expletive-tastic!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,1/11/2013,52,80,4,2,2>Just stop it.  I mean don't, but you know...like, you're killing my new year's resolutions and I haven't even made them yet.  I could get way overweight at this place.  I just want to gobble down everything on the menu...and then wait for them to develop new menu items so I can gobble those down too.  When we left Los Angeles, there was a newish place called Bottega Louie that opened in downtown.  I was in love with their brunch, the space, the ambiance, the "Patisserie".  Kitchen No. 324 brings all the things I loved about Bottega Louie (minus the pretentiousness) to OKC and then some!  I'm so glad Kitchen No. 324 has decided to serve their breakfast items all day on the weekends.  Major score for us all.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2013,2/9/2014,35,104,5,7,4>I love going here to buy gifts! They always have a nice selection of quirky, one of a kind things to buy for my quirky, one of a kind friends. The cards are always a riot and who knew I needed a screw-nicorn? (a wine opener shaped like a unicorn) I can spend a couple of hours in here looking around at the funky stuff. I am a chubby girl so I cant speak of the clothing here, but it all looks super cute and on trend. If you need Toms... this place has several to chose from!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,2/8/2014,93,253,,5,3>This place is pretty righteous! I was in the mood for some hummus, so I typed it in to my yelp app (name drop woohoo), and this was the first one that popped up. I guess it's relatively new, since I drive down NW 23RD every so often and I hadn't seen this before.I did a to-go order of the gyro platter and a side order of hummus. The gyro meat was nice and flavorful, while not being greasy. That seems to be a hard combination to find around OKC. The hummus was fresh too.What caught me off guard was the fact that they gave me a TON of pita bread to go with it. Most places that serve hummus around OKC give you like 3 tiny triangles of pita and expect that to be ample for 2 people. Always irritates me, but this place has definitely become my go to stop for Mediterranean cuisine.The pros:1) Good flavor2) Inexpensive, especially considering other places3) Quick4) The staff was awesomeThe consNone that I can really think ofA great addition to the area for sure
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,2/7/2014,8,26,1,6,4>This was my first visit and I'm happy we found it.  It's pretty close to home for us, and it is a great place.  While I've been to barbecue joints before, I have never been to a barbecue restaurant and it is clearly something I was missing. We only had a little nosh, so I reserve the right to come back and give it 5 stars after we've had an entree. Like the $9 chicken fried steak special on Wednesday. Oh, and it's a Good Egg restaurant, so it may be comparable to the chicken fried at one of it's brother restaurants. The chocolate cake is the same, why can't the chicken fry by similar? Not saying it is, but look forward to checking that out very soon. This time we ordered drinks and the smokestack to start. The smokestack is pulled pork on nachos with a fantastic and spicy chili sauce, cooked onions, cheese, jalapeños, and a chili sour cream. Never had anything like it in my life, and it was delicious. We're talking a new craving was made! We were going to order an appetizer and then split an entree, but this thing is big enough to be an appetizer for a table of 4 - HUGE. We waited a long time for this dish with no explanation, but when the table next to us ordered the same thing, their server told them it takes about 15 minutes. So here is an inkling that this place does things a little slower, and if you know that going in, it helps you sit back and relax. Since we weren't getting an entree, I ordered a side of their famous mac-n-cheese, and another round of drinks. Meh, it's good, but I doubt this is the best OKC has to offer. They offer a different special (extremely well priced) every night M-F and we can't wait to go back and try a few. We liked it so much that we can't wait to bring our out of towners! There was a problem with our check, an error made by our server involving us and another table. There is a little more to the story that you don't care about. The result is . . . the manager made it right. AND, check your bills very carefully.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,2/6/2014,38,43,1,6,4>My wife and I decided to give this restaurant to try this weekend.  Let me start off by saying that I was blown away by the Jazz Band.  I am a huge fan of piano music while you dine or have a drink, it reminds me of how restaurants use to be back in the 50s and 60s.  The restaurant ambience was very nice very middle scale but not to upscale at all.  We started off with a calamari appetizer which was very good in the sauce was great as well.  For our main meal my wife ordered the shrimp platter and I ordered the fillet steak meal.  The food was so so the steak was okay but could have been cooked a little bit better.  The potatoes that came with it were absolutely great and vegetables were great as well.  To be completely honest with you I think that I like Hefner grill mainly because of the ambiance and not exactly for the food not to say that the food isn't good at all but this visit wasn't a particularly great with the food we ordered.  Overall this was a ok experience but hopefully down the line as we continue to visit this restaurant the food gets better and the Jazz Band keeps playing.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,2/5/2014,37,113,2,5,3>I tried thinking some cheesy puns to start this review off with... y'know, something like the food was hoppin'! Hoppin' good! Or a riff off ribbeting, but figured telling it plain is the easiest: the food here is Good. And inexpensive to boot! For a little over $9, I had endless coffee, a veggie omelette, toast, and hash browns. Not too shabby. It's a little out of the way if you're not already on this side of town, but since the OK Nerdy Girls were having an antique crawl, Hungry Frog was right around the corner from where we wanted to go. It was not too busy on a Saturday morning, and our party of 13 was seated quickly and well taken care of. I wish I had gotten our waitress' name, because she was so friendly and came by frequently to make sure our coffee cups weren't too low. Excellent service. If you like little diners with good service and inexpensive tasty food, Hungry Frog is for you.Ribbet.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,2/4/2014,27,106,4,3,2>Ever like something at a restaurant so much you never bother with other menu items? Well that's now the case with me when I go to Ricky's Tacos.  I just had two of the most awesome tacos I've ever eaten.  Yes ever.  In my previous review of Ricky's I mentioned wanting to try their Carnitas, which is what I had today, along with rice, beans and hot carrots.  Brothers and Sisters I have seen the Promised Land of Pork and the Carnitas I had today were it.  Anyone got a superlative for delicious?   I've spent ten times as much on a meal I've enjoyed less. A bump to 5 stars well-deserved.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,2/3/2014,14,35,,5,3>Came here last minute before they were closing needing a boba fix! They have a large menu aside from the boba teas and I look forward to trying other items. I had the taro freeze with boba and it was very good. My husband had the banana version of the bahama smoothie and it was richer and tasty with fresh seasonal fruit. Nice cafe atmosphere and the lady behind the counter was really friendly.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,2/2/2014,27,65,2,8,5>I am so happy there is an asian market here! It's hard for me not to compare it to the ones in Cali, but it's all I know.. That being said this store has the smallest produce section I have ever seen. This makes me sad cause I don't know if I'll be able to cook everything I want. I think it's easier to search for items yourself rather than ask an employee. Some of them are not helpful at all. It's awesome that they sell drinks in bulk. Soybean milk, grass jelly drinks, and aloe vera!!I will definitely be coming back so I can start cooking vietnamese food again!
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,2/1/2014,24,33,4,7,5>The absolute best place for sushi in the City hands down.  Don't get caught up in the hype of Sushi Neko on Western Ave., it won't be worth your time.  And don't let the location or look of this little hole in the wall scare you off ... if you are a sushi lover, this place will slap you in the tastebuds and leave you begging for more!I can't go more than a week or two before I have full on heroin addict cravings for this place.  I break out in a sweat and find myself staring at the clock waiting for noon on a Sunday to roll around just so I can call in a carryout order.And the people that own the restaurant are the nicest, most refreshing people that only adds to the overall great experience of dining in.  But if you are coming in thinking this is one of those fast food sushi joints, don't bother.  The orders do take a minute since they are finely hand-crafted to be the pictures of culinary perfection that all of their rolls are.An absolute MUST for any and all sushi fans!!!  You will not be disappointed.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,1/31/2014,28,33,4,8,6>The other day I found myself in a rush to get some food and coffee before heading up an all day event.  I found myself at Elemental with the hope of getting some breakfast in addition to some great coffee.  The staff was super and when I explain I couldn't decide what I wanted to grab to eat but needed something that would last me awhile since I was working an event that day, they offered me a homemade parfait.  And it was super yummy.  Would I normally pay several dollars for a parfait?  No.  Was this one completely worth it?  Hell yes.  Not only did it taste great, but the staff was right on about it sustaining me through the morning to my late lunch.  I also had wonderful coffee that they provided in a to-go cup for me.  I absolutely love the staff here and will come back as often as my budget will allow. The coffee house itself is a converted gas station (or at least that's what it looks like it used to be).  The inside has communal bench seating, which was a little strange to me, but after experiencing it a few times now I've gotten used to it and enjoy the friendly atmosphere it creates.  If you are a coffee lover, I highly recommend trying Elemental out.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,1/10/2013,357,648,1,4,4>Last night was date night at the Paseo! We arrived at Picasso around 5:45pm and were seated right away. We weren't starving so we decided to order stuff we could split: 1) White cheddar  queso w/ chorizo- The queso was really thick and rich. I got tired of chewing on the chips plus I'm not sure if I like chorizo! It kinda left a weird after taste in my mouth. 2) Ceasar Salad- lightly dressed. Comes with hand made croutons, shredded parm. The leaves were fresh, not wilted, very crispy! The dressing wasn't overly garlicy. One plate was big enough to split between two OR if you're eating on your own- order an appetizer and you're good for dinner :)3) Indian Taco w/ Ahi Tuna- I had to try the fried flat bread. The thing is HUGE so I'm glad the BF and I split it. He's not a big fan of tomatoes with fish bc of a bad experience he had at Anthony's Fish Grotto in San Diego.... I'm a bit indifferent. The bread was topped with home made vegetarian chili, cilantro, shredded romaine, creme fraiche and seared ahi. The chili was too sweet for me and contained black beans and maybe pinto beans? Lots of tomatoes hence the reason why I think the chili would be best on the side with corn bread. The ahi was perfectly cooked and my saving grace. Honestly wished they served the taco with a white sauce, shredded cabbage salad, queso fresco and that's it. *sigh because the bread is just too good to be true.The prices are very reasonable and the service is grand. Our waiter never left our water glasses empty  -kudos to him!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,1/9/2013,21,64,1,1,1>I've been to this place one time, while taking a friend out for his bachelor party.  We came for beer and drinks and that's exactly what we got.  Having been to the Abner in Norman several times, I had a good idea of what to expect.  An enormous beer selection.  That's exactly what we got and more.  So you might ask, they have lots of beer so what?  Well if you don't like beer don't go, or at least don't go alone.  The waitress was actually very well versed in the various options they offered and proved to be quite helpful.  It's easy to be overwhelmed by a menu that looks like it belongs at a family style restaurant, but only has beer in it.  The place is oddly located in a roundabout so just find parking where you can.  When you walk in it may appear crowded, but there are several levels.  We had no problem finding room for 12 guys upstairs at 8 or 9 on a Saturday.All in all, great place to expand your beer horizons and try something a bit more interesting than your average Oklahoma beer.  (yes I said 'beer' way too many times in this review)Disclaimer:  I like and appreciate beer a lot.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,1/8/2013,61,78,,1,2>The service is great & for our lunch date it was speedy and refreshing. I'm a taco salad or fajita person; whereas my mother is an enchilada/flauta/whatever comes with guacamole person, lol. I'm hypercritical of salsa, and it was okay but I understand not everyone likes thick n' spicy salsa. We will be more adventurous next time to get a really good grasp on Teds specialties :) try it & let me know!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,1/7/2013,8,26,,3,2>I am a Houston transplant and was wondering if I'd ever see another boutique cupcake again.  In passing a classmate told me I live near the best cupcake joint she'd found . . . Cuppies and Joe.  Boy, she is a true friend because this place is a find.  I asked for a boom boom pow and got a bomarang, slightly disappointed because i love salted caramel, but the girl behind the counter was distracted. There was a small going away party for two of the girls that worked there and everyone was crying.  I'll let this mistake pass because, this cupcake was wonderful.  The cake was moist, the frosting was plentiful, but not overwhelming.  The chocolate cupcake didn't really have an intense chocolate flavor which might sound disappointing but really paired well with the sweet, mocha frosting.  The boomerang reminds me of my husband's grooms cake from years back.  I can't attest for any other flavor so I'm rating the boomerang.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,1/6/2013,41,72,,1,1>West has a great ambiance and food to match. I went here with my fiancé's mother and sister. To start, we ordered the Chopped Grilled Asparagus salad and the Brussels Sprout salad. I really loved the latter, and it totally inspired me to utilize Brussels sprouts by separating the leaves and blanching them instead of just roasting them whole in the oven. I am also a fan of any restaurant that makes their food more accessible by offering gluten-free options. My future sister-in-law has Celiac disease, so she definitely appreciates this too! All of West's pastas can be made with their gluten-free pasta for no extra charge. She went with the West Bolognese, and thoroughly enjoyed it. She did, however, have left overs. That's another thing about West-- at first glance, you might think this is just another high end, over-priced dinner joint located conveniently close to the Chesapeake executives' offices, but the menu is actually full of value. The pastas, for instance, range from $13 to $16 and can easily feed two if supplemented with a salad or appetizer. My future MOI ordered their Chicken Vegetable Pot Pie ($14), and I ordered their special that night: a scallop dish with roast corn puree and arancini (risotto balls). The chicken vegetable pot pie was decadent, but not the best I've ever tasted. The scallop special was truly delicious, and I highly recommend it. I definitely recommend West for a nice dinner out. The service was great, the ambiance is nice, and the food is really tasty!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,1/5/2013,125,125,2,5,3>I hate Guy Fieri, (I think its mostly the hair, the flame shirts and the way he seems to say everything with an exclamation point!!) but I can agree with his picks for Oklahoma City area in Diners, Drive Ins and Dives. Nic's grill is an institution. A small restaurant that only serves breakfast and lunch, but "does it up right!" with Nic at the Grill. There are just two people behind the counter and Nic takes your order and gets it started on the grill, sometimes before you've even sit down, (if you're lucky.)It's greasy deliciousness. I was a little worried there might be "soup nazi" factor in such a small place but everyone is really nice, despite how busy it is. It feels like family affair. Even in the morning at Nic's I end up smiling and I'm not a morning person, so that's saying something.Recommendations:Chicken Fried Steak and EggsBurgers (of coarse!)
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,1/4/2013,106,224,,2,2>I love the green bambino. They sell tons of cloth diapers, organic teething toys, mimijumi bottles, moby, ergo, and more! The owner is very friendly and helpful! They never try to sell you anything you don't need. This is an honest great local baby boutique! They also have a breast feeding class every Tuesday. I believe one at 1 and one at 5 or 5:45? But it's every Tuesday and run by a real certified lactation consultant. I just wish I knew about this when I first started breastfeeding, it would have helped me major and saved me 95 dollars!
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,1/3/2013,5,32,,3,1>Let me start by saying I am a big fan of 2nd Street. The folks there are super friendly, very knowledgeable and have helped me pair a special wine on more than one occasion. For that I am grateful. I shopped there almost exclusively for more than a year, but started shopping elsewhere when I found significantly lower prices at a store down the road. Since I usually know what I want, I now save almost $6/week by driving that extra mile. I really like the people working at 2nd Street, but can't ignore the money saved. For me, a pretty big wine drinker, that extra value equals a couple of free bottles every month. If you need help picking a special wine or a beer, go to 2nd Street. If you don't need advice, you might still want to go to 2nd Street, but be aware you can probably save a few bucks by buying elsewhere.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2012,1/2/2013,3,21,,2,1>Had a delicious meal here right before a Thunder playoff game. The food and service were excellent. My blackened Tilapia topped with black-bean salsa, a side of steamed veggies, and a side of fresh fruit was just perfect. Excellent flavor, hot food (I don't like luke warm meals), and the fruit was ripe and sweet. As tip-off time got closer, the place filled up and was very loud. This is a fun atmosphere if you're looking for a little excitement at game time. We left a half hour before game time, very happy with our choice. The menu is extensive, with a good selection under $10, including my tilapia meal. Great value. If you're wanting dinner conversation, it's too loud, but that's a plus for a sports bar and happy-hour spot.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2012,1/1/2013,4,15,,2,2>I really enjoyed myself at the shack.  The atmosphere is very fun.  I love the hole in the wall shack vibe which has been cleaned and updated.  The service was fantastic, very attentive, and friendly.  The food was good, but not great.  However, it was priced just right so that I don't feel like I should have been getting something more.  I will certainly be back for a casual dinner out.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,8/1/2013,0,57,2,4,2>Loved It!  (don't forget he serves homemade Fried Chicken & a good breakfast)This place is open early for breakfast and closes right after lunch every day.  And, that gives them ALL of the business that they want for sure.  I would probably give them 4+ but the ambiance and flair brings them up another 1 star.  I love watching Nic run the grill and basically do a one-man show.  The food is really good!You know what you are in for as you are standing in line (out on the street).  Yes, this place is small, let me say it one more time, SMALL.  It might be 12 ft from the front door to the back of the grill.  You might be able to seat about 15 packed in there.  Most of the people will be seated at the bar which is right in front of the grill.  There are 2 small 2 person tables on each side of the front door.  OK, now for the review...Not sure how this man does it so well, it may be the seasoned grill.  These burgers are cooked right before your eyes, and as you wait your stomach will begin rumbling.  He will turn around and ask each person one-by-one what they like on their burger.  After you order a burger, someone brings a round ball of hamburger meat to Nic who smashes it flat with his spatula while it sizzles.  These burgers are thick greasy fall-apart style hamburgers that you end up finishing with a fork (at least I did).  Don't even think about ordering a double.  The fries are also homemade curly fries, very good.  I've eaten the burgers and the fried chicken, it is a great place to eat!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,7/31/2013,190,56,,2,1>Will definitely continue to come back here. Recently moved from Norman to OKC and needed a new place to get my hair fixed.Very spacious salon, clean and everyone seems respectful of each other. Ashley Terry has taken care of me first time and I know that I've got some really stubborn hair to deal with, and also recently went from fairly dark to blonde blonde. She was patient and encouraging the whole time. Other people in the salon were also very nice and friendly. Great location too. Ashley mentioned to me how some people getting their hair dyed will go next door all foiled up to Ludivine for a cocktail. Not a bad idea if I didn't think I'd feel too goofy. They also have started having pop-up shops during H&8th!
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2013,7/30/2013,59,11,4,4,4>Skinny Slims! Where have you been all my life? In a Bricktown filled with Coyote Uglies, Socials, and Club Albees, it's hard to find a chill bar that you don't have to be wearing a mini skirt or pay $10 to get in. We headed there after dinner, and parked in the $5 parking behind the bar. My roommate had been there before, so she lead the way. With a large patio filled with string lights, I could see the people enjoys their brews and summer and friendships. We walked in and there was less people there than I thought there would be. We ordered (Kettle One on the rocks with 2 limes for me) and sat down. My roommate told me I could carve my name into the table, and to go ask for the widdler at the bar. They pulled down a glass full of screwdrivers and handed me one. I started carving my name. Lauren let me know that the building used to be a conductors stop on the railroad, which I found charming. She thought it was a mini-McNellies, but I thought it was more unique to make that comparison. One thing that struck me though, is that everyone there seemed to already know each other. I got the feeling that maybe they all lived in the Deep Duece area, and that was their neighborhood bar. I think if I brought a group of people (maybe 7 or 8) we would have a lot more fun. All and all, I liked it. Considering there's not many places to go out in Edmond, I usually have to travel to OKC or Midtown to find something unique and fun. I'll definitely be returning. Goals for next time: Try a craft beer.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,7/29/2013,41,12,,5,1>This gem of a restaurant is hidden from Google Maps  as maps will take you over by the college, so you must pay attention to directions.  It is south of Edmond Rd/2nd street on Blackwelder, which runs beside the Super Target.  The food and service are off the charts.  You will not regret going there.  I had the Gyro platter and Greek Salad, everything tastes amazing and was served fresh. The owner came out several times and brought us samples of other items to test and definitely offered above customer service.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,7/28/2013,16,43,3,4,3>La Baguette is famous for their baked goods, they have all kinds of sweet deserts freshly made and they are all outstanding. What kind of surprised me was their selection of sandwiches, soups and salads.  I had a french dip and it was very, very good. This new Main Street location is several blocks west of their old location across from Norman High, it's now in a newly renovated building that used to house the Boomerang. The new place is very nice, clean and well kept. They advertise free WiFi but I was not able to connect to it. I didn't investigate any further.The sandwich was great and desert was amazing (of course). Will definitely be a new regular stop for me.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,7/27/2013,24,22,,5,1>I had heard scary injury stories about this place, so I was a little nervous about bringing my kids, but we all had a GREAT time. My 9yr old son even participated in a heated dodgeball game with some high-school boys and they were all very considerate of having a small(er) kid play with them. The environment seemed under control at all times, there was plenty of room for both the big kids and little kids, and I was sincerely impressed with the staff. We all can't wait to go back.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,7/26/2013,89,245,10,6,5>Being on 23rd and near the Asian District and paseo, I was expecting the decor to be more mishappen, eclectic and cozy (lovez!), but it's got more of the feel of the south of 23rd (think minimalistic clean basement ceiling piping of the coffee shops downtown) than the north but surprisingly traditional for a pizza place in this area as well (brown tables, white napkins, tv). It is a sit-down and order restaurant which I didn't expect. But as Julie said, SO nice waiters/staff. Quite a sweet and friendly environment.I loved the pizza. After reading Julie's review (much love!) I was confused because our pizza did not have thick crust at all - it was very thin. And a normal amount of cheese/toppings. I think we were at the same place. . . different pizzas? I loved the toppings and thought everything was VERY savory. The veggie was delicious (and you know how hit or miss veggie pizzas can be!) and my friend got the works and that was delicious as well. I thought it was pretty healthy and very good quality although I'm on the fence about the crust. It was a simple but good thin crust. Oh well, low carbs I guess! So I like. We allotted a good 60 seconds trying to figure out WHY pizza "23"? 23 beers? 23 pizzas? Then this morning (next day), as I was standing in the kitchen telling my mom about the place, it hit me. 23rd street. O.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,7/25/2013,34,225,3,5,4>I love Shimmers. Their snocones are fairly priced, well-sized, and there are many MANY flavors. The gals and guys that work there are youngins, but not the snotty kind you usually encounter at McDonald's. Even when they're crazy busy, there are smiles and prompt service.My go-to flavors are silver fox and bubblegum crybaby. Be warned they do get super busy, but well worth it!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,7/24/2013,5,99,3,2,2>Diego's decided to give themselves a much deserved makeover and reinvent themselves as La Catrina, which is much more fun to say if you ask me. They actually did extensive market research when debating what to change the name to, and La Catrina was an overwhelming favorite with the focus groups. I just made that up. Diego's used to be my go-to spot for Mexican in the metro, and I'm happy to report that La Catrina will continue to be that go-to spot, offering up many of the same dishes that were on Diego's menu, as well as some new authentic dishes to try. The interior has been completely redone and it's just got a great feel to it. The staff is always very friendly and I'm never disappointed with the food.  You really can't go wrong with any of the dishes - one of my favorites is Jr.'s Special: beef, chicken, and shrimp guiso all topped with guac, cheese, and pico. It's OH-SO-GOOT!, especially when you can't make up your mind because it is a good blend of everything. I'm not really sure what "guiso" translates to, it's a common item on the menu, but whatever the hell it is, it's delicious and makes me want to name my first born Guiso... but then I'd be reminded of La Catrina's menu and I'd get an incurable desire for Mexican food every time I saw him or her... so probably won't end up doing that, but the point is: it's good stuff.  Just like Diego's they still offer plenty of seafood options which gains two thumbs up in my books - their fish tacos are the jam, give them a try if you're a fish taco fan. And if you like tequila, hell even if you don't like tequila, try one of their margaritas, you won't regret it.... until the next morning.La Catrina, you complete me.Overall Grade: A-
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,7/23/2013,2,17,,4,1>Love this place. Miss panchiko but think this is a cool addition to the Oklahoma food scene. Stuffed mushrooms for the appetizer were pretty good, but probably wouldn't order again. Also had the eggplant appetizer. It was ok, but nothing to write home about.We had the blackened shrimp poor boy with the white sauce. It was awesome, I really liked the whole meal.The bread pudding is the bomb! Do not pass it up
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2012,10/11/2012,1,36,1,3,1>Went for Sunday brunch because I love me some Sophabella's Bloody Mary bar. They don't do lots of different mixes, just use Zing Zang (which is fine by me) - what sets it apart is the salad on the side. Artichoke hearts. Pepperoni. Olives. Okra. Green beans. Anything you could want to dress up your drink. So nice.Food was great, as always. Service was a little rough, as it is apt to be for their Sunday brunch. It always seems as if they don't anticipate how busy they're going to be, and then don't have enough people. But so what if you have to wait a little bit for your brunch, or if they forget to make yours altogether (as they did mine today). Just have another Bloody Mary. Hmmmmmm - maybe they are crazy like foxes.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2012,10/10/2012,104,71,3,4,1>It is hard to be critical about this establishment.  Super Tex-Mex and all the accouterment we've come to expect when we think we're eating Mexican food: chips, salsa, tortillas, and queso Americano served in bombproof plastic molcajetes...  deep plastic tumblers with free refills, sturdy pine hand-made tables and chairs.What excites me most is the veggie options.  I'm a sucker for chile rellenos.  I admit I stopped looking at the menu when I saw they had a cheese-filled relleno.  It came with 2 sides of my choice, and after searching the menu (thoroughly) for the sides I was stoked to see they have not only rice and multiple types of beans, but they have corn, salad, and (yay) Mexican mashed potatoes too.  I, like a lot of vegetablists, am stoked when there's one good veggie option, but I see now that you can also get a meatless chimichanga.  It's been a while since I had me some meatless chimichanga.  In addition to the standard spinach enchiladas and quesadillas, Alfredo's goes so far as to offer a poblano and mushroom option, too.The food arrived before I was able to choke down the end of the second basket of chips.  The relleno was the good kind, the kind that have the egg batter, not the crunchy crap you find on frozen cheese sticks.  Everyone at my table was jealous of my mashed potatoes, apparently I'm not the only one who thought the sides were hard to find on the menu.  The food here has that intangible succulence of the southern comfort cuisine that Tex-Mex is rooted in.  That's a fancy way of saying it's greasy good.No complaints.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,10/9/2012,12,49,,4,2>I love this place. The atmosphere is trendy and lively (also loud, so be prepared). While they're usually on a wait, a server will get you drinks while you wait and they'll even text you when your table is ready. The extensive beer selection is very well curated, offering something for everyone and then some. Personally I favor cocktails and they don't disappoint on this either (very well made cosmos). The wine list is pretty limited and somewhat lackluster though.Everyone touts their beer, but the food is the star of the show or me at Republic. The servers are helpful and knowledgeable, and so accommodating. I was able to get the Republic burger, but made with the pulled chicken, and it is phenomenal. The hot onion and bacon dip was very good to start with, and my husband is obsessed with the red cabbage sauerkraut. The fish & chips were so tasty, with perfectly breaded and cooked fish and a tasty homemade tartar sauce. The only thing I haven't liked is the gravy fries appetizer. If they could serve it with a different cheese (the mozzarella conceals so fast) and add salt it could be just as good as other Republic dishes.The restaurant offers a ton of tvs across the room and bar, as well as a fun patio with individual tvs. I love the urban shopping center it's in as well. Overall this is a great place in OKC with fantastic food and drinks.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,10/8/2012,6,3,,3,1>This is the best pizza I've had in Oklahoma. Our favorite pizza on the menu is the Big Country but you can't go wrong with anything you choose. The Edmond restaurant is clean, the staff is friendly and it's a great place to hang out and enjoy great pizza. It's also very kid friendly, which is a big plus for us.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,10/7/2012,60,285,,3,1>Just stopped in for a quick snack/dessert. I have heard good things about this place and it did live up to expectations, for the most part. We order the pot roast nachos. WoW this was good. Makes me look forward to coming back and getting a real meal here the next time. I will say that the dessert we ordered seem to be lacking freshness. I would not be surprised if the chocolate cake was some standard box type that restaurants order. Wont take off for that since the pot roast nachos made me say wow, yum and I will have another. I will be back to this place and I am looking forward to exploring the menu more in depth.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,10/6/2012,104,246,,3,2>I went to Sunday brunch around 9:45 with no wait time. We started with $2 mimosas, bread and strawberry jelly. The service was friendly and the atmosphere was great but the food blew any other OKC brunch out of the water. I had an herbed vegetable omelet served with fresh fruit and potatoes. The salsa paired with the omelet was delicious. Service was friendly and fast. All five people at the table were thrilled that we had chosen La Baguette for brunch. It was all exquisite. The best thing of all is being able to hop over to the bakery case after eating. I can't wait to go for lunch/dinner.Order a chocolate mouse from the bakery case and you will not be disappointed!
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2011,10/5/2012,62,45,,5,2>The OKC metro area has TONS of delicious and authentic Vietnamese restaurants, so if you're looking for a slightly seedy, home-cooked vibe with your one billion types of pho, go to one of those.Coriander has very bright, very clean and relatively modern decor. There are lots of cute touches--the waitstaff uses iPods to take orders, and there's a library of culinary books available to patrons while they eat.The menu is limited, but this is a situation where I think this speaks to the chef's desire to focus on highlighting a few quality ingredients and making them shine. My favorites are the fresh spring rolls (add the "crispy" option... it's not what you think), the rice bowl with roast pork or the banh mi with ANYTHING. Yum.Bottom line: It's cheap, fresh Vietnamese food in a charming atmosphere, made accessible to people who might otherwise be leery of trying new things.Normanites know that Coriander Cafe's location on Campus Corner is cursed, so I'm happy (and not at all surprised) to see that this place appears to have some staying power.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,10/4/2012,24,57,,2,1>I felt right at home here. Friendly people, cold beer and karaoke. This my yelp friends is a dive bar, the best kind of bar in my opinion. There were a couple pool tables, the the place is a bit small, but there was room to dance. The ladies restroom was clean and well stocked. The beer selection was not impressive, but they had my fave Stella Artois. The ventilation system lack and the smoke was a bit stagnant, but noting out of the ordinary for a local gem like this and other hometown dive bars. The music the DJ played was everything to old country, rock and of all things soldier boy's "Crank Dat" lol. I recommend, and when in Norman I will visit again.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,10/3/2012,31,63,,3,2>As the current Duke of the zoo, I best review it shouldn't I? Love, love, love having one of the best zoos in the country here in the panhandle state! This place has evolved so much since I was a kid as has my appreciation for the creatures you can see there. We are card carrying zoo members and every time we go we have a different experience and catch different areas to explore. I recommend riding the tram around to learn a little history about the zoo and cover a lot of ground in a fairly short time. You can always hop off at one of several stops and check out a particular exhibit and another tram will come around in a half hour that you can hop back on. The Elephant, Great Ape and Cat Forest exhibits are outstanding. I love going to the childrens zoo (petting zoo) also to see the goats, pigs and flamingos and go through the Lorakeet area to get a close up view of those feathery fellows. Don't miss the chance to feed the giraffes also. I believe the times are 11-12pm and 1-2 pm for feeding times. For 3 dollars you get an amazing experience. Don't try to feed them and take a picture with your phone at the same time. I can tell you personally that Bogy, the male giraffe has an 18 inch tongue and will go for your electronics! If you're not convinced yet- here's an incentive- their offered upcoming FREE days November 11, 2012 - Veteran's Day. All active duty, active reserves and retirees and up to five guests receive free admission to the Zoo!November 21, 2012 - Free Day at the Zoo!Free admission on Mondays in December, January and February.So there! You have no excuse not to go check out the zoo at least once in the near future.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,10/2/2012,40,73,,3,1>I'm officially a huge fan of this teahouse. I seriously don't know why I waited to long to try this place out! I enjoy tea, but don't consider myself anywhere near the expert level about knowing what kinds I like and don't like. So sometimes tea/coffee places can be intimidating, but not this place! They have more teas than you could ever try, and will help you pick one you will like! I had the passion fruit strawberry green tea, and it totally hit the spot! It has a great atmosphere too! Pretty small and quiet, without being "too quiet" if you know what I mean. Great for conversations with others or working by yourself! And the music playing is spot on. Even if I didn't know the song, I liked it!I've been raving to my friends about how great this business is, so we have plans to go back soon! I tend to get order the same thing at my favorite restaurants/drink places, but with almost 100 different teas I've gotta branch out! I'm writing this in my review so you guys will keep me accountable ;)
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,7/3/2012,443,449,6,8,3>How have I not reviewed this place? I practically lived here during my undergraduate days. Boba tea? Check. Delicious boba tea? Check. This really amazing Curry chicken fried rice? Check. Incredibly large portions, especially when you tell them that you want it to go? Checkcheckcheckcheck.I had a craving at 9 in the morning a couple days ago because I happened to be in Edmond at that time. Can you believe they would have the audacity to be closed at 9 in the morning? They only open at 11, the Philistines! I had such crazy cravings that I ended up driving to the Asian district hoping to find something equivalent to Tao Cafe. And that's how I ended up at Bistro B. But this isn't about Bistro B, this is about how awesome Tao Cafe is. I've tried a fair number of things on the menu, and I have never been disappointed. The rice boxes have a nice list of things to try for those of you who want variety, and pretty much everything is under $6.00. Except the Chef Specials (such as the curry flavored fried rice), which is around $7.00. Boba teas are ~$2.75. Uh-maze-ing. You can tell I'm serious because I broke that word down by syllables.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/11/2012,7/2/2012,24,73,,1,2>This place has potential.  It was a little off-mark the last two times (only two times?) I've been there -- both times with a group of people.    First off, it has a great atmosphere.  As soon as you walk in the door, you are greeted by a friendly girl in a somewhat traditional looking get-up.  The decor is busy and definitely German.The menu spills out all things German - traditional German.  Like down to the potato dumplings.  It goes as deep as if you were in a German restaurant IN Germany.  Food is definitely good, great even.  It is a little pricey, though.  Even the children's menu starts out at $8 and goes up to over $13.  I guess just another slice of Europe.The service is lacking.  SLOW.  Everyone is nice, but they get to you when they get to you.  Another thing is that they run out of items throughout the day.  I can understand a main course, but if you run out of mashed potatoes for a child's plate and it's not even near closing time?Bottom line:  It's worth checking out.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2011,6/30/2012,0,16,,1,1>Fabulous high-end baby boutique. They have nursery and children's room decor, custom bedding, and some clothing as well. And don't forget their awesome collection of vintage chandeliers. This is owned by a sweet husband/wife team. Many of their items are special orders, so plan for at least 8 weeks if you order something. But they often run specials on their floor items; you can sign up for their email list in the store, and they will notify you of the specials.Whether you are looking for an accent piece for your child's room or need complete design service, Room to Dream is the best place to start. They really are great to work with, and they carry the beautiful brands on display in magazines but hard to find in Oklahoma.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,6/29/2012,22,75,,2,3>Overall I liked this place.  There's a good amount of parking and some outdoor seating.  When we went inside it seemed a bit too dark but later on they turned up the lighting so it was ok.  There was a faint smell of cleaner but I rationalized that to be a good thing.  The interior is done well with high ceilings, bamboo arches and sound dampeners to keep the echo down.  Some of the tables have these really interesting giant chairs.  I will say that typically the sushi bar part of the restaurant is separate and more of "happening" type of place.  We didn't sit there this time because I had my daughter but it didn't look like a fun place to be -- more of an after thought.  Based on the name of the restaurant, it should be better.  Maybe put up a pony wall or something.  There was plenty of chefs there, though.Now for the food.  I had the nigiri (2 pcs sashimi) of yellowtail, spicy tuna hand roll and cooked salmon sushi roll.  The yellowtail and spicy tuna hand roll were good but the cooked salmon roll wasn't.  I think the cooked salmon is just not a good choice for sushi, so my fault.  My wife ordered the Udon noodle chicken dish.  She didn't like it because it had non-traditional veggies in it like bell peppers and onions -- more like mexican chicken fajitas.  The thick udon noodles were good though.  I had  the green tea ice tea (they dont have regular) and it needed sugar (and I'm not a sweetened ice tea guy).The price was about $45 -- a bit on the high side for 2 entrees and three non-alcoholic drinks.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,6/28/2012,52,81,,4,3>Unbelievable selection! They had every wine on my list that I wanted to try out. Really doesn't feel like your normal liquor store. Feels like it belongs in Austin or Denver. Very cool and the employees are super helpful.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2011,6/27/2012,22,3,,4,2>First time in Oklahoma City, originally from Chicago.  I am very particular on my hair, and let me tell you when I get back to chicago, I might actually fly back to OKC just to get my hair done!!!!  The atmosphere is fun and welcoming, all ages, all types, all kinds of people.  The people are nice, all the stylists ask what you want, take the time to understand and confirm that's what you want before anything.  If they cannot do something, they will not say they can, they will explain the damage that will occur and ensure the integrity of your hair is kept.I made my appointment with Kara, and I am so glad I did.  She was great! I actually got exactly what I was looking for, and I could not be happier.  I will be going back every 4-6 weeks!
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,6/26/2012,51,83,,5,1>Finally, a good Japanese restaurant in a town that's mainly made up of steak houses and poor Chinese/American buffets. The prices are very competitive and the sushi is the best in the OKC Metro Area. They have the hibachi grill of course, but that's for your entertainment. Pick a table or a seat at the sushi bar. Place has gotten very busy over the last few months so get there EARLY!Is it the best Japanese food in the world? No, but for this area, it's an excellent alternative to keep from driving all the way into Oklahoma City and getting the same or less quality sushi or hibachi dinners. Small beer selection and the sake is just as good as anywhere else you'd go.I can take my daughter, start with Edamame, her 10-piece sushi plate, my 8-piece, and come out of there paying less than $25 for the both of us.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,6/25/2012,20,20,,1,1>Because we got complimentary chips, salsa, and queso (I ate most of that, BTW) my wife and I split the grande burrito. We chose shredded chicken for the meat in the burrito and it came with beans and rice. We also got guacamole. For dessert we got sopapillas--my wife got traditional one with honey, I got glazed. We thought the food was very good. The flavor of the chicken was great. The beans and guacamole were good. Chips were good. Salsa was good. Queso, average, but edible. Bottom line, we will likely go back.Oh, and the service was good.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,6/24/2012,26,75,,2,1>Great little hot dog place. Service is quick, but the location is kind of small. Sometimes hard to get a seat if you go during peak hours. Wide variety of choices gives everyone options, you can even go bunless. Chili is great as well, if you haven't been yet, definitely give it a shot.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,6/23/2012,106,224,,3,2>They have the best Korean food in the OKC area. We had a family dinner here yesterday and my dad ordered the spicy pork tofu kimchi fry which my dad really enjoyed, my mom ordered the spicy tofu soup which she ate most of and also loved. My husband ordered jjajangmyun which he didn't really like, but only because he wanted to try something new and wasn't crazy about what he ordered. He usually gets the chicken bulgogi or beef bulgogi spicy. He's just a carnivore. They made eel for me as a special since that is what I was craving and I'm pregnant lol! The eel was prepared perfectly better than all the sushi places here in OKC tender, juicy, and moist. The ban chan was also the best we have all had especially the radish kimchi which is my favourite ban chan. If you want really good Korean food Dong-A is definitely the way to go it's located in the shopping center/strip mall on 12th and Eastern in Moore.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,10/11/2013,1,11,,1,1>This is the only Chelinos anyone needs to try. All others pale in comparison. The chips are better. The cheese is better. The salsa is great. I get the Tortilla Soup.. and ask for less chicken. because it is heavy on the chicken and the best part of it is the broth and vegetables in it. I take that back. the best part is the strips of tortilla on top and the mound of cheddar cheese. It starts out crispy and then as the cheese melts, the tortilla strips get slightly soggy and it's just the best. Great for a hangover. or if you're feeling blue. It's spicy with FRESH jalapeño slices... brilliant orange broth. Okay. I'm done.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2013,10/10/2013,132,88,,1,1>The cheesy garlic bread and calzones are to die for!  You also can't beat the $5 pizza slice and beer draft special during thunder games.  I haven't had anything from Joey's that is bad.  You can get any of their specialty pizzas made as a calzone or a pizza slice in whatever thickness of dough that you specify.  The bartender is always amazing and creates special concoctions to keep us entertained.  The only minuses are sometimes the service is lacking and they up-charge for their ranch dressing.  That is pretty annoying for someone that loves ranch with their pizza.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2013,10/9/2013,220,313,3,5,5>This was exactly what we needed exactly when we needed to find what we needed.  My mother and I spent our morning at the Museum of Osteology, and needed to put some meat on our bones. (Sorry, could not resist!) we asked the staff for a recommendation and they sent us to Pickles.  I never would have discovered this restaurant otherwise. Pickles is a nostalgic throwback to the 80's. Dark wood paneling and potted plants abound, and the menu stops just short of including tuna salad on a bed of lettuce. Too bad, too, because the moment my mother stepped through the door she began to crave tuna salad. I bet it was good when (not if!) they had it on the menu. My mother ordered the Buffalo chicken sandwich with the bread on the side, as she  steers clear of carbs. Her meat was tender and slathered in a mildly spicy sauce, all under a layer of cheese. Just right. I ordered the catfish, which was expertly fried in a cornmeal batter. It arrived with fries, coleslaw, AND hush puppies. A huge amount of food that I could have shared. The coating came off cleanly, leaving me with tender flakes of fish, so I ate that along with the very tasty hush puppies. The highlight of the meal was the fried dill pickle spears. Again, the cornmeal batter was just right, and the frying time was perfect. They arrived at our table hot and tart. It is important to have your signature dish be a stand out, and Pickles has had time to perfect this dish.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,10/8/2013,35,58,2,3,2>4 Stars, why? Well mostly because I forgot the time they closed I was 5 minutes away, called them & they kept the doors opened even though I was 5 minutes late of their closing. That's top notch customer service in my book. This is like your local butcher shop with better quality than a supermarket. Now I know to arrive by 7pm.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,10/7/2013,19,17,,2,3>The Kafta Beef Sandwich was amazing! One try and I'm declaring this as one of my favorite Norman eateries! The sandwich was delicious, flavorful, and filling. I opted for the jalapeños peppers which were pickled and not very hot, but added nicely to the sandwich. The side hummus was very good and came with half a piece of toasted pita bread (next time I'm ordering an extra piece of bread). Prices are very reasonable (see photo of menu). I'm tempted to try the chicken, but the beef is so good it may have to wait. I will very definitely be back for more!The sign by the door says take out only, but there are about 5 stools in front of a counter one could eat at if needed. They do have a drive-through window.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,10/6/2013,1,6,3,4,3>Driving by this place you'd never guess that it is one of the best restaurants in the area. We eat here about once a week and have tried almost every roll on the menu. Things we keep ordering over and over:Shrimp shumaiOKC rollEarthquake rollCrazy jalapeno rollBanana boat dessertAnd of course, a couple of Asahi's! The service is great but at times there is a language barrier. Not a problem and we've always worked past it. I'd highly recommend this place.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,10/5/2013,3,17,,1,1>Great little hole in the wall in the Paseo. Connects to Picaso's Cafe so you can get some really good food here. Everyone is always friendly, and they open relatively early so you can start your day off right. Definitely a fun place to chill at during the day, and to party at night. It can get very crowded as it isn't that large, but the outdoor patio makes that a bit easier to handle.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,10/4/2013,22,76,,4,2>This is a Sunday Brunch Review.Wow!  What a hidden treasure!  The atmosphere is great!  The windows let in so much sun shine, the staff is kind, funny and helpful and the food is delicious!  You feel special!  Everyone is there....kids, adults, 20 somethings, 70+somethngs.  Age and attire really don't matter!I had the house salad.  It had a variety of fruit, greens, nuts, grated parmesan and I'm sure other things as well!  The dressing was perfect!  This was way beyond your normal "house salad"!  Someone had the roasted eggplant and quinoa.  She couldn't have been happier!  Another had the eggs Benedict.  There were 2 and each one was different!  I really liked the ability to choose more than one type!  She too was a happy camper!   And the prices are soo reasonable!  Go on a Sunday.  You'll be happy you did!  You'll feel really special!
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,10/3/2013,34,225,2,7,5>I can't possibly compete with Joe C.'s review. He also happens to be the one to have turned me on to this place.My first venture here included the company of Joe and Christina C.!We shared the Camilya's Sampler for an appetizer, which included vegetarian grape leaves, hummus, baba ghanouj, and falafel, along with pita bread. Our lovely server told us that it usually comes with enough pita for two people but she'd bring enough out for all four of us. Nice!The inside is tiny, but comfortable. It's a very cozy and personal feeling setting. Okay, okay, food time.Vegetarian grape leaves (5/5): I don't usually pass up meat, but I wanted this more than I did the grape leaves with meat. The vegetarian leaves are cooked with both olive oil AND lemon juice, whereas the meat is just the oil (likely because the lemon juice goes with the vegetables better). Inside are vegetables (I couldn't tell you what, sorry!) and rice and it's absolutely delicious! The lemon juice it's cooked in definitely is what makes it, in my opinion.Hummus (5/5): Ya know, I've never had BAD hummus. Maybe because the thought of bad hummus frightens me so I go to well spoken of places for it. But I have to say Camilya's has some stellar humMUST (yep)! Baba gahnouj (5/5): Excellent. There's just something about lemon juice and tahini that makes food amazing. I don't normally like eggplant, but when blended into a dish like this, I could eat it all daaaay.Falafel (5/5):  Just some good ol' falafel. Pita bread (5/5): Warm, fluffy, fresh, plentiful.Lamb kabob sandwich (5/5): Mmm. Amazing meat! Juicy and flavorful. The green onions they use taste very fresh, and the sauce is delicious. Of course the pita is yummy, too!Definitely a go-to place for me.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,10/2/2013,5,99,3,2,2>It's perplexing to me that there are absolutely no Korean restaurants to choose from outside of the Del/Midwest City area. However, it's probably not a terrible thing because Korean House is so good that I could see myself eating there much more often than I'd ever care to admit. The restaurant isn't in the best area and it's nothing fancy by any means - but what this family run restaurant lacks in style, it delivers in flavor. The menu can be slightly overwhelming if you've never been before, which is why I always go with someone who orders for me! My must-try dishes are as follows:Gal bi: marinated bone-in beef short ribs. Dwae ji bulgogi: pork cutlets marinated in a sweet and spicy sauceSanchae dol sot: rice, mixed vegetables and beef topped with a fried egg in a sizzling stone bowl... I mean really, is there anything in life better than those crunchy little pieces of caramelized rice? Ooh ooh, I know! Crunchy little pieces of caramelized rice with fried egg.Bibim nang myun - buckwheat noodles topped with sliced beef and vegetables in a spicy sauce.It's all amazing really, my taste buds are so happy with me at this point. But, possibly the best part about Korean house are the complimentary side dishes that accompany the meal. They bring out an assortment of small dishes including a couple different kinds of kimchi, pickled carrots and daikon, scallion pancake, potatoes, and a couple others that have slipped my mind at the moment. I love the fact that there is just so much to try. My palette has a severe case of ADD, and it's never bored at Korean house. The service can be a bit slow, but it's really worth the wait. Clearly the theme of their menu is spicy, meat based dishes, so it'd be pretty difficult to dine here if you were going strictly vegetarian. If you have yet to give Korean food a try, you're doing yourself a disservice, and Korean House is the best place to get acquainted. I can't recommend it enough. I can only hope that if we give Korean House enough stars, someone will take the hint and open up a Korean restaurant closer to central OKC! Now if you'll excuse me, I'm off to daydream about that crispy rice...Overall Grade: A-
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,3/21/2014,177,300,,7,4>This is an excellent lunch spot, and not only because I can walk to it from work without breaking a sweat.  Compared to other quick BBQ spots, such as Bedlam, Happy Hog is cheaper, cleaner, better lit, more inviting, and less crowded.  I like the chicken options because they leave me less food coma-y afterward so I got the chicken plate (with dark meat), which came with 1 side (mixed greens, green beans, coleslaw, baked beans, mac & cheese)), bread (corn, wheat, or white), and a drink for about $6.00.  You can also pick up a slice of freshly baked peach cobbler and blackberry pie, among other delicious baked items.  The food is made with so much love you can feel it.  When I asked the cashier how the mixed greens were made, she explained that she combined wild greens, collard greens, and mustard greens with some turkey and spices, and that it should be really tasty.  And it was just that: tasty.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,3/20/2014,302,447,2,5,7>I stopped in for lunch and the place was empty which normally makes me think twice but I had wanted to come eat here for about 3 weeks so this was the perfect time. I was not displeased.We started with the guacamole and chips & salsa. Very tasty! I wrote a tip here for that reason alone. Tangy and zesty and thick. I loved it...made my mouth water. Chips were thin but held up okay.Main course: I had the empanadas with their yummy queso sauce. It was delicious! I thought it would be plain as most are and the sauce on the side but this was really good and I had no complaints whatsoever. I wanted roasted corn but they were out so I had the corn cakes. Not too bad but nothing to write home about.My bf had their smokey meat tacos I believe. I am not a huge fan of smoked meats so for me I would pass but I had a bite and it wasn't bad at all. Just not something I prefer.Passed on the dessert which seemed limited to cheese cake.After our meal was up the owner came by for some small talk and asked us how things were. I also will note that the very friendly staff escorted me to the bathroom (clean but the seat in the handicap bathroom was broken loose and posed a bit of a hazard) as they have two and it is behind the kitchen and it was a bit hard for me to find. Our waitress was very pleasant and thanks to Yelp I even got a small discount (Thanks Yelp!) so I was a happy camper. This place is very nice and the owner is super friendly, I will repeat for sure.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,3/19/2014,8,13,,5,2>I love gyros and mediterranean food, and decided to try this place. I ordered the Schwarma Platter with their spicy chicken and I loved it! Their spicy chicken is just delicious! It was something the man recommended when I was ordering and I am glad I decided to try the spicy chicken, instead of going for the traditional meat.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,3/18/2014,1,17,,5,4>this is a wonderful little restaurant. my family and I came here on a Tuesday to watch Jason young. we all had the one dollar mini tacos and shared chips and salsa. I really liked the ambiance of the café. it was very laid back and the lighting was not harsh. I also loved that they had glass bottles filled with water that the waitress left on the table. the food was absolutely wonderful. I had a fish, a beef, and a pulled pork taco. all of them were good but the fish was my favorite. the sangria swirls were really good too. I would definitely  recommend this place. it would be a good place to have a date night at. I can't wait to come back here with my husband.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,3/17/2014,41,399,8,10,7>My heritage is Russian Mennonites who made the Oklahoma Land Run. We consider cream gravy to be a green vegetable. My culture is at least 180 degrees from Mediterranean culture, but through our travels to Greece, Turkey, and Israel, Mrs Eva and I have become lovers of Mediterranean food.I have been watching this place on Yelp and was impressed with the solid 5 star and great reviews. We were looking for lunch and I suggested we try it. Wow! All through our lunch, we were trying to figure out how soon we could get back for our next meal.I have never had such tabbouleh! The steak kabob sandwich had so much flavor, I had to lick the dripped juice from the foil wrapper. Mrs Eva had the chicken shawarma and it was phenomenal. We finished off with a couple of baklava. The service is wonderful and the place was interesting. Because of a communication mixup, we didn't get any hummus but we were so full we couldn't have eaten everything...plus that gives us an excuse to hurry back for round 2.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,3/16/2014,40,73,1,7,5>Guys, libraries are awesome. I grew up going to the local library in my hometown, but sometime in college between all the homework and required reading, I lost my love for reading. Good news: I found it again, thanks to the Metropolitan Library System!The first time I went to the Bethany Library was to open a card. Just bring your ID and a piece of mail with your address on it and its a very quick and easy process! I mainly wanted to get a library card to utilize the online e-book library to check out books on my kindle. I asked about this when I got my card, and they told me the web page to go to and ensured it was simple. They did mention that if I had trouble I could come back and talk to one of the staff that specializes in the e-library. I was able to figure it out on my own, but its nice to know I have assistance to fall back on if I ever run into trouble. Checking out e-books is very simple and for most books just requires a wifi connection (some you have to connect your device to your computer via USB cable to download the book).Another great aspect of the Metropolitan Library System is that you can request a book from any library to be sent to your library of choice at no charge. Since the Bethany library is so close to my house, it's an awesome feature that makes it easy to check out any book. 5 stars for free books that save me money and a lot of room I don't have to hoard books!
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/7/2014,3/15/2014,136,68,6,10,7>I'm sad. I am completely in love with Cafe Kacao's food but they have got to figure out how to deal with their popularity.This past Sunday really disappointed us. We went for probably our 5th or 6th meal at Cafe Kacao and they had a line almost out the door. We waited about 30 minutes for a table. Not unreasonable, but the space is small and they don't really have an area that is conducive to a large amount of waiting diners.What was really disappointing was that there was 1 gentleman who had a table for 10 people, and the rest of his party did not show up until AFTER we were seated and had already ordered our food. I don't understand why, especially during peak times, management would seat a (large!) incomplete party. They could have seated many of us waiting patiently in line.The weird thing is that there were 2 tables with diners that were clearly done with their meal and I watched a server ask them (politely) if they could go so that others could be seated. What was so special about the 1 guy bogarting the huge group of tables? I'd like to blame it on that asshole for grabbing a table when the rest of his party clearly was going to be a while, but I think this is really management's responsibility.I also thought it was weird that the table of 10 seemed to have it's own server. We were seated near that table and had a hard time getting service, but watched that table have frequent refills/etc.The food is delicious. I've had the migallas con chorizo (yum!), the specialty omelettes (double yum!) and the pancakes (OMG YUM!). My husband usually gets the motuleno with chorizo and is always satisfied.They roast their own Guatemalan coffee beans and you can purchase bags of coffee to take home. The problem is that if you're dining for brunch on a weekend, you may have to wait quite a while in between refills of coffee.I sincerely hope they can work out the kinks in service/space so that I can update my rating for Cafe Kacao. I'm giving it 3 stars because I give the food 4.5 but the service a 2.5. If you can go for breakfast during the week, do it.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,3/14/2014,3,21,,7,4>Took my 9 year old daughter here on a daddy daughter date while my wife was home sick on a Friday night.It was very good.  The cooks are better than all of the other japanese places in town.  The food was very good.  The steak was cooked perfect and the portions were very good as well.They have a childrens menu which also had generous portions.  my 9 year old took a to go box home.Probably the best japanes/hibachi in the OKC area.Great place for families, friends, or a date night.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,3/13/2014,25,57,,4,2>Great service, polite, friendly knowledgeable server. Good atmosphere-we were able to get a table in the back of the restaurant overlooking the river-walk. I like it better back there because it is more private dining than the general dining area which more open and noisy. Lots of good southern food entrees and sides on the menu-good steak, chicken and fried shrimp were had tonight-no complaints about the execution of the dishes. Our waitress kept our drinks filled and was attentive and let us stay and chit chat at our table into the night with no pressure to "move along." Friendly atmosphere and lots of fun decor!
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,3/12/2014,443,449,8,10,7>Is Abel the old dude rockin' the Salvador Dali-esque mustache? I want to give this restaurant [*][*][*][*][*] just for the confidence, charm, and courtesy that he exudes. So much awesome in one grey haired man. And that mustache! Such aplomb.Oh right, the food.It's fairly cheap. Or the tacos are at least. $1.59 (or so the menu says). But here's the weird thing. I got four tacos (big mistake, more on that later) and even if I include high tax (higher than you will ever find in Warr Acres), the total should have been in the high $6.00 range. Once I got home, I realized that they had charged me $8.00 (+ tip). What? But it's my fault for not paying attention. If I see it happening again, I'm going to start a ruckus. Basically, my point is, check your bill before you hand over money, sign, leave, etc.There are two menus. There's the full menu, with all of its different platters, lunch specials, etc. And then there's a laminated ugly little bi-fold that looks like it's seen better days. The bi-fold has very limited options (namely tacos, burritos, and tortas). It lists the prices to order those items individually, and it lists the (eight or so) meats available. I was informed by my server that chips and salsa/queso are complimentary, but only if I ordered a minimum of three tacos off the bi-fold menu. If you order something like one taco and then plan on binging on the complimentary stuff, well then it stops being complimentary obviously.Other complimentary aspects of the meal include warm (flour or corn) tortillas, and a sopapilla at the end of the meal. However, I've noticed after multiple visits to Abel's that you have to ask for all of the other complimentary aspects of the meal, or they won't bring or even offer them. On my recent visit, I got four tacos because the server told me they were really small. Yeah, I suppose they could qualify as small, but they're not stingy with the meat inside, and the tortillas are doubled, so you're getting eight mini corn tortillas when you order four tacos. Fat. City. Shame. Delicious shame.The lengua (tongue) was good, the steak was pretty good, the carnitas was just okay, which was surprising because I'm not sure how fried pork wouldn't automatically be mindblowingly amazing. There was another one but I forget what it's called, but it was also good. All of it was good, but none of it (so far) has been life-altering either. If you order the lunch specials or platters, my personal experience with the refried beans was terrible. Also, heads up if you're ordering a quesadilla, because it is tiiiiiiinny. The vegetarian options are kind of gross, and feel like an afterthought (random frozen vegetables thrown in as meat substitutes). I asked for the spiciest salsa available, and they brought something that looked like muddy water, which had a roasted poblano taste to it. There was some heat but even that didn't do much for me. For your tacos, they'll bring you some squeeze bottles of green hot sauce and orange sauce, which is where I live. Pro-tip: do 2/3 green, 1/3 queso. Oh. My. Lanta.If you leave this place hungry, there is something severely wrong with you. Maybe an overactive thyroid.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,5/20/2014,62,56,,5,4>Last night we did a birthday dinner at Neko and saw that Barrel was open so we definitely had to drop in and check it out!It's a spacious restaurant/sports bar. We weren't hungry but of course I had to inspect the menu!! Lots and lots of items, be prepared and bring your magnifying glass  though... The menu was in such a tiny font that we were all struggling to read it! However, their late night menu (in dark and huge bold letters -which came in handy a few drinks in) looked awesome. We only tried the fries, which are sooo good. They were like homemade super peppery seasoned and close to none extra disgusting grease! But late night they also serve a couple different salads, sandwiches like PBLT, and even a steak! Wish this new place success and hope to go again soon for brunch and late night too!
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,5/19/2014,93,195,2,8,4>Food: 5/5Service: 5/5Cleanliness: 5/5Decor & Style: 5/5Has the best Deviled Eggs in the WORLD. Meatloaf and mashed potatoes near perfect! Roasted chicken is great. Stuffed poblano? Amazing. Tenderloin great. Seasoned Shrimp great. Bar selection is good. 5/5Service has been top notch every time (I've been here approximately over 15 times).Clean and neat all around, from bar to tables to restrooms. Large spaces, nice booths. Nice bar in the middle. And it's on the lake, what else can you ask for?
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,5/18/2014,34,109,2,10,5>A bit of history or background - All about Cha was started in Korea, expanded to Thailand and then OKC! I am glad they did! There are two locations - Edmond and Nichols Hills. The décor is welcoming and the staff is very passionate and helpful.I have always been a fan of green tea lattes - they are literally bright green, very delicious and healthy to boot. All About Cha has a stupendous green tea latte - the best I have had - beautiful, beautiful presentation.I also had the sweet potato latte - it was really good, a little sweet for me was earthily delicious.It does not stop there - I ordered a salad - it was fresh and incredibly well prepared. For example, the orange wedges were hand cut vs. those suspect ones out of the can. The sushi is also very nicely done.There is also an amazing selection of regular teas and flowering teas - if you have not had a flowering tea - you have got to experience it.The menu is extensive, so give yourself a bit of time to digest it - go out on a tea limb - you will not be disappointed!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,5/17/2014,239,335,,7,6>Holy cow, Chow's is good. I was looking for some takeout close to my house and saw several positive reviews so I decided to give it a try. I wanted to taste a few different things so I ordered asparagus with chicken and curry fried rice. My boyfriend had the sesame chicken with fried rice. I was so impressed by the curry fried rice. I didn't realize when I ordered it but this fried rice had pork, chicken, and shrimp in all of the curry goodness. The pork was cut in decent sized chunks, not small bits like other takeout places. It had an amazing flavor and I will definitely get that again. The asparagus was cooked well and had a nice, garlic flavor with the chicken. The sesame chicken was also really good along with the fried rice. This food was all prepared well and tasted great. Once I try some more items, I expect to bump up Chow's to 5 stars. Another awesome thing about here is how much food you get for your money. The dishes average about $10/ea but one order is more than enough for two people. Between everything we ordered, we had leftovers for a few days. Great quality and looking forward to trying more of the menu!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,5/16/2014,8,62,,5,3>This place has amazing service!  I went their with a group of about 12 of us.  I didn't eat almost all day so I was pretty hungry when I went.One of the guys ordered an appetizer.  It was really good.  He ordered the Bruschetta "Sundae" Marinated tomatoes, olive oil, balsamic glaze, garlic, fresh basil and Asiago, with artisan bread. I really liked it.  I had  a few pieces.  I really like tomatoes and I could taste all of the flavors in it.The gentleman who took our order never was phased.  He had such great attention to detail. I wish most restaurants had this type of hospitality.I ordered the lasagna and I really enjoyed it.  I had to tell myself not to eat the whole thing!  It cost about $11.  The only thing I would have changed was the bread.  I wish they gave traditional Italian bread or garlic bread with your meal.  Instead it came with something else.  I am not even sure what it was, maybe sour dough?   Two days later I warmed up my left overs and it was just as good.When our orders came out they all came at the same time.  The staff would yell the dish.  It was fun!  Don't go in to Oliveto thinking you are going to get a traditional Italian restaurant.  But do go in knowing their lasagna is great.  Also, someone ordered the margarita pizza and really enjoyed it.  Great service!!!
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,5/15/2014,29,59,,5,3>This place took a few times to grow on us due to their eclectic menu, but now that's one thing I love about it--we are loyal fans!  The brussel sprout salad and vegan nachos are so freaking delicious.  They also have Johnny's hamburgers, since they share the same ownership.  You can ask for the burger/sandwich menu for dinner, if that's a craving.  We've always had excellent service.  Very helpful, attentive, and timely.  Our food has consistently been good, I cant' think of a disappointment, and we've been here a lot.  Their patio is awesome--they have a small fire pit surrounded by tables, they also have umbrellas for a super sunny day.  Their large back room can accommodate events and parties, just book in advance.  The dining rooms are designed with a modern, clean and simple feel, which creates a nice feel.  West can get a bit more crowded later in the evening, but if you go for a 5:30/6:00p dinner, we have never encountered a wait.  And Chef Eric often features unique dinner specials and desserts, he has kept us coming back!
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,5/14/2014,24,33,2,8,4>I almost hate giving away the secret of this little gem in the heart of midtown OKC!  But it deserves to be recognized!  There are some amazing things happening here and the menu is always evolving so it is worth coming back time and time again for old standbys and to see what's new on the menu!I was disappointed to find this past visit that the duck pastrami pasta was taken off the menu ... it was TO DIE FOR!  But it has been replaced by some new creations like truffle mac and cheese that make up for the monumental loss.The tapas are all amazing, my favorite of which are the brussel sprouts.  I am a total sucker for a good brussel sprout and their combination of chorizo and yogurt sauce make my taste buds sing with delight.My latest obsession is cauliflower soup so I was more than excited to see it on their latest menu.  If I could give one suggestion it would be to add some spice to the soup to give it a little more dimension in its overall flavor, but regardless of that, it was still very delicious.And on top of the stellar food they are creating here, the bar is small and intimate and the waitstaff is super friendly so that in no time flat you feel like a regular where everyone knows your name.  Deifnitely one of my homes away from home!
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,5/13/2014,40,58,5,10,6>I am going to keep this simple... if you are looking for Asian food products and can't find it here... it doesnt exist! This place has every imaginable food product that you would need, I believe most of the Asian nation's food products are represented in this place, they also have a great place to pick up food already made for you if you need to get something on the go for lunch! They also have a meat market if you need a specific type or amount, they also have products in bulk so if you own a business you can purchase the supplies you need right at the store! They also have a section for culture related products, Budhist shrines, bamboo decorations are also on handOklahoma City is blessed to have a store like this and gives a much needed mix of culture to the area! In short, if your needing to find Asian food products come here! You wont regret it!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,5/12/2014,63,141,2,6,3>I adore Mutt's and their delicious variety of dogs. My favorite dogs are the "pond dog" which uses duck sausage, brie, caramelized onion, and a balsamic reduction. I DREAM OF YOU. Honorable mention should also go to the "garden hound" which is a flafel dog with veggie chili, onion, and cheese!Of course, if you eat here you should be legally required to get their duck fat fries with truffle oil. Let's be honest, you're not eating here for your health anyway, so go ahead and indulge.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,5/11/2014,10,32,1,6,3>I was pretty impressed with this place. It's a great guilty pleasure.Fire Fries: Tasty, decadent, solid, but not the most creative thing on the menu.The Frenchman: The mushroom burger; at a normal burger place I would be impressed with this burger, but at S & B's, it doesn't stand out when compared to the rest.Hot Lips: The "Korean" Kimchi burger. Awesome concept, great execution. Some may think it's too saucy. Not the best kimchi burger I've had, but still very good. We ordered two of these.The Ramen Burger: Now this is something I've never had before. It was surprisingly good. The ramen is crispy, which is better than what I expected and the sauce on it is pretty good.I'm not a huge fan of the whole forced hipster thing, but the servers were nice enough. The happy hour prices are also great.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,10/21/2013,4,90,,9,2>Edmond, say hello to your newest trendy expensive restaurant!So I decided to check out Cafe Icon the other day. I expected to go in and find a restaurant which tried to justify high prices with a bit of atmosphere and average yet very trendy sushi. Consider my expectations shattered and replaced with satisfaction.Yes, these are the same people who ran the Tropical Cafe further west down 2nd street in Edmond. It seems that they took the best parts of what they had before and merged them with an upscale appearance that was really quite enjoyable and a very solid sushi presentation.I tried the Lotus on Fire, a spicy little number with lotus root on top, and the Thunder Roll. Yes, I will try just about any dish that is named for the Thunder. I shamelessly admit to being easily manipulated by that marketing. Thankfully, those dishes are usually pretty good. This crab and salmon roll was pretty good, although I admit the Lotus stood out amongst sushi rolls I've had in Oklahoma.Of course, they have a full bar inside with decent if not wide selections. Try the Ozeki sake and treat yourself to a proper sake served cold. Alternately, take the opportunity to have a decent soju. Yes, Oklahoma now has more than the cheap Jinro export-quality bottles available. Soju is a Korean spirit, but rest assured that it works quite well with sushi.Cafe Icon does run on the more expensive end of sushi in Edmond, but they aren't charging for atmosphere alone. This was a great experience.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,10/20/2013,41,399,9,11,8>Woohoo, slap yo' mama! This is the real deal Cajun in OKC. I love the soul music playing, but I kept expecting Doug Kershaw to jump into the room playing zydeco. I have done much business in southern Louisiana and this food will stand up against most places south of I10.The shrimp/crawfish chowder is killer. Gumbo - I've had better, but it's not bad, just different. Etoufee on rice was out of this world. Butter beans, greens, scalloped potatoes... It was like Mrs Eva's grandma had me over for Sunday lunch.Now a word for their catfish...How the heck do they do that? I've never had such light, crunchy, moist, flavorful catfish anywhere. The honey/mustard sauce is perfect for this fish. I am a master fish fryer, but I did not figure out what their batter is made of. I have already formulated a series of experiments to see if I can reproduce this flavor/texture at home (or I'll have to make the 100 mile drive to OKC more often).I talked with the owner a little and after about 3 words, you know he ain't from around these parts. I didn't ask, but I think he's an transplant from the bayou to Warr Acres America. I'm glad he's here (and his staff was very attentive)Can't wait to go back!
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,10/19/2013,106,224,,1,1>My first time here today! I had just eaten dinner at coriander down the block, and wanted some cupcakes for my son and me. The workers were super friendly and very social! I really wanted to try some specialty beverage, but had no time so.. we just got four cupcakes to go. Two red velvet and one chocolate pb and one German chocolate. OMG the German chocolate was delicious! Very moist and the perfect size. Kinda tasted like a box cake mix base, but the frosting made up for the cake. The red velvet, I didn't like. The frosting tasted like whipped cream and I was hoping for cream cheese. The cake part reminded me too much of a grocery store red velvet. Maybe, I'm too picky, I don't know.. I still really liked the German chocolate and the atmosphere looked nice. Next time I want to stay and get a chai with my cupcake and take advantage of their wifi!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,10/18/2013,210,90,,2,1>The Zigg, I love you. Truly and absolutely. With a little bit of OMG sauce, this taco is the things dreams are made of. At least, my dreams are.When the weather is nice, the patio is perfect.One time -- and this is a true story -- word of the truck and free tacos at a bank event spread to me and a friend. On this blistering summer day, we stood in a line reaching far across a parking lot -- sweating in direct sun for over an hour -- just to get ourselves some BTT.That's the kind of thing BT does to its customers. It's worth any line you have to wait in or any parking lot you have to stand in.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,10/17/2013,126,43,,2,1>this is my go to place for a beer on main street in norman.  they definitely have the largest selection and can accommodate most requests!  the bar/wait staff are all friendly and most have been there a while which make it nice bc most of the time they remember you after a few visits.  the food is good, but honestly i usually frequent this place for a beer before a concert at the opolis up the street or after i have eaten somewhere else downtown.  it's not that the food is bad, it's just that it's heavy bar food and i typically don't like to eat that style of food if i'm gonna go out after.  location is perfect.  it's situated on main st smack dab in the middle of norman's downtown arts district and roughly a mile from campus corner.  makes for a great place to start an ou game day, and is a lot of fun on norman music festival weekend.they also have a st pats party that is one of the better ones in norman along with oconnel's!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,10/16/2013,316,58,,9,3>On the recommendation from a friend I went to eat at Green and Grilled. When i got there I thought this is a strange location for such a healthy restaurant because it is surrounded in that area with fast food garbage but don't let that stop you. This is a rare gem in Oklahoma City. First let me say I love Tofu and their marinated grilled Tofu is just outstanding and the sides like a very delicate rice is the perfect complement. I had salad also on the plate with the cranberries and it is also a wow. I wish this place was closer to my home but i am planning to eat there anytime I am out this way. Places like this deserve to be successful. They are taking a risk with the menu in this area so please spread the word. We have enough meat and potatoes in this town to last a lifetime.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,10/15/2013,77,386,5,4,3>I was sitting in Bricktown Brewery over the weekend, having my second (let's say it was my second) beer, surreptiously sneaking a bit of pork from my wife's dish, watching the TV where large football players ruined each others' futures by running into each other at high speeds, and I realized that I liked this place way more than I'd expected. Bricktown Brewery doesn't necessarily have a lot to distinguish it from any other urban bar/grill; it seems similar to so many other places I actually had deja vu. However, its excellent execution on all fronts -- tasty, flavorful burgers, house beers that won't win awards but have that now-corporatized-but-still-very-real quality of "drinkability," a clean place with attentive, competent staff -- meant that by the end of my time there, I'd been completely won over. Once they figure out how to avoid soggy, bland fries, I'll be up to 5 stars.And for the record, I started reordering beer because I was enjoying the place, not the other way around.When I think about at all the great places trying to do something culinarily challenging in town, whether it's farm-to-table, nontraditional cuts of meat, or truly fresh seafood in the middle of Oklahoma, I feel a bit of Yelper's guilt about going downtown to eat and drink the same old stuff. Mea culpa. But if you're in the mood/compulsion for bar food and beer, this is the place to go.And dessert is pie from Pie Junkie. Now THAT is a partnership we can all get behind!Oh, and one final note: I didn't order it because I would have been mocked for months, but they do have a burger on the menu where each of the two buns is its own grilled-cheese sandwich. To paraphrase Dr. Kermode, this obviously marks the end of western civilization as we know it. But I think I'm going to order it next time my heart gets a little too cocky about how easy it is to keep me alive.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,10/14/2013,63,141,1,2,2>This may be my favorite Italian place in the entire metro area. It just doesn't get any better for fresh pasta and sauces, and their breads are heavenly too! After all, if you're going here you better be prepared to carbo load, right?The service is great, I've always had a friendly waiter and I've been dozens of times. It's a small place that can get quite loud if it's busy, so not the best for whispered nothings to your date unless you plan ahead and hit them up during off peak hours.And, bonus tidbit...they will sell you fresh uncooked pasta if you ask. Score!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,10/13/2013,40,58,1,5,4>This little place located in the Plaza district is a nice little sandwich shop! It offers some unique sandwiches and is quite trendy! When you walk inside it is nicely decorated & clean. It is a little bit on the small side but it offers adequate seating. If you walk outside on the side you are greeted with more seats and a nice looking old timey barrel.Onto the food... I tried Okie Poutine as a appetizer, I have only had Poutine in Canada a long time ago and was excited to try the Oklahoma version of this dish. Poutine is a french fry dish often with gravy and some sort of cheese along with it. It tasted pretty good! I also tried the BCLT sandwich which consisted of prosciutto , bacon, lettuce, and gouda cheese. You get 1 side and I chose the french fries. The french fries are some of the most unique tasting fries I have ever tried,  I cannot lock down the seasoning they use with it but it tasted good and was one of a kind! Definently a nice little place to catch a sandwich if your in the Plaza district area!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,10/12/2013,38,43,,2,1>Ahhhh, Red Rock, you are a delightful treat every time.  The wife and the kids were out of the town for the weekend so I decided to top the weekend off with a Sunday treat to myself before they got back.  They closed at 9 on Sunday but since it was a gorgeous day in September it was a packed house.  I ordered the Ribeye w/ the mashed potatoes and stir fry vegetables and it was an absolute delight.  The steak was cooked medium well and came out crisp but pink in the middle (perfect).  I can't rave enough about this restaurant as it is a staple in the OKC dining community!
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2012,8/12/2012,3,4,,4,1>Great food, very friendly staff, love the fluffy rice.  ShishKebab is excellent. Sometimes the wait is a little long, but the food is fresh and delish!  Atmosphere leaves a little to be desired, sort of just "okay".  Try the stuffed grape leaves.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,8/11/2012,210,90,,6,3>everything about this stand is authentic. it's been there for more than 20 years. outdoor seating, but nothing indoor. once you order, you pull around the little pop-up to the pay and pick-up window and watch the one-man-wonder whips up your food in front of your eyes. sometimes he even gives you bites of hummus and stuffed mushrooms to munch on while you wait.the food is incredibly fresh, authentic and delicious.most certainly try the hummus, tabouleh and gyros. the fries are nothing special, but everything else i had there has been absolutely exceptional.ALSO, the baklava is so yum, with finely chopped pistachio on top. the most pleasant of places to get your greek on.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,8/10/2012,5,4,,3,2>Fall-off-the-bone chicken; mac and cheese to die for; banana pudding, and above all, greens -- as in turnip or kale -- all work together to make Mama E's a great food experience. It's located in Oklahoma City's African American enclave, and this is the community it caters to. For example, it doesn't open until 1 p.m. on Sundays. Historically, Black churches hold very long services on Sundays, and that's why. This restaurant is also a very popular lunch spot for employees in the State Capitol corridor. It's quick, fast and inexpensive. Featured on the national Food Network, I was surprised by how humble the setting was. You form a line as soon as you walk in and you file through an industrial buffet style ordering process. The dining area is pretty small. The hoses to the soda machine (free refills) are just kind of sitting out there exposed to everyone. So, if you're looking for a romantic ambiance, you'll be disappointed. But if you are looking for authentic Black Family Reunion style food, this is THE place to go. I think it has the best homestyle cooking in OKC. It's also a great choice for kids! My kids really love this place.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,8/9/2012,80,4,,2,1>I have to start by saying that I LOVE catfish joints and Cajun style food. Everything was very good, the service was kind of brash, but she took care of us. I got the catfish dinner for 16.99, ordered a side salad for 2.99 and hush puppies. I wish that the extra sides would have came with the dinner instead of so many fries, other than that it was good. They have a big menu, I could have used some guidance ordering. Next time I'll have the crab legs.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,8/8/2012,89,245,3,2,4>Oh, yay for some culture in OKC. With bright pink-multi-colored panchos underneath plastic covers for tablecloths, the cute little guatemalan cafe/restaurant was filled with hipsters during Sunday morning brunch, and oh you know how I enjoy that. The menu for brunch was simple and rich with possibility at the same time. The food is definitely good for people who love food. Feast away! I wish they would have some lighter options and/or ones that were on the vegan side though. But that is just me. That is my main wish, but maybe they do and I just didn't look. My friend and I shared the Huevos Rancheros and they give you so much food I would say it isn't a bad thing to share, although he said he was still hungry. Whatevah. Service was really awesome. It was sooooo busy, but the waiters were as attentive as I like them (which means you can access them, but they let you chill), and the atmosphere was really pleasant. Asian district. . . I love you more and more. Take me.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2012,8/7/2012,100,68,2,5,2>One afternoon, a friend in OKC suggested we go to her favorite coffee shop that I had not even heard of yet. The exterior was enough to let me know I was in for a treat with a big sign that reads "Eat - n - Gab." Inside, it feels like you found your way up to your kooky old aunt's attic with wood floors, antique furniture, art all over the walls and pillows that make you cozy up immediately. I would not be surprised if there was a trunk full of magical clothes for dress-up. Needless to say, there are plenty of nooks and crannies to chat with friends, study or read.I ordered a personal pot of Earl Grey that was perfect for the gloomy day outside, as well as a lemon bar that perked me up even more. It was zesty and sweet and that wonderful combo of soft & crispy. I'm depressed this is not in front of me right now.The staff was pleasant, the goods were rad and inexpensive and the atmosphere was cozy and comfortable. What I am trying to say is, go here. Go here now.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,8/6/2012,1,10,,4,1>Lupes is a great little restuarant. I usually always go with my parents and the place is friendly, the food is cheap, and cooked, and seasoned great. I always either get the fajita beef chimichanga, or the sumpreme nachos.My favorite part of going there after we eat is going to pay because the owner lupe is always behind the counter and she knows her regulars and talks with them and she asks them how their meal was.Lupes is by far my favorite mexican restuarnt, if i had any complaints about it is they should serve margaritas for when you want 1 on your birthday, but thats the only downside i have found about lupes.For those of you who like live music in the past year and a half they started doing live music.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,8/5/2012,5,99,,1,2>Definitely one of the better restaurants that Norman has to offer, which isn't necessarily saying much, but I figured I'd mention it anyway (you're welcome).  This is a great little date spot - quiet, intimate atmosphere and I can honestly say that I haven't had a bad experience there.  They also have a great little patio out front, weather permitting.  We've tried a little of everything - wine, salads, pizza, pasta, lamb... and the verdict: they can do no wrong.  I highly recommend the caprese salad; the ingredients are extremely fresh and they make their own burrata cheese (which is like a creamier version of mozzarella) that is absolutely to-die for.  Another must-try are the lamb chops, they will melt in your mouth (similar to the homemade burrata cheese).  This is not the Olive Garden, so please... don't expect to pay Olive Garden-like prices.  But, if you are looking for a great up-scale dining experience in the Norman area, you really can't do better than Benvenuti's.Overall Grade: A
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,8/4/2012,12,49,,3,1>I've honestly been choosing pizza from New York Pizza & Pasta over Hideaway lately.  I really like their thin crust pizzas.  The slices are big, they have a wide variety of toppings, the prices are reasonable and it always tastes good.  My understanding is that they're under new ownership and the people are really nice.  They went out of their way to help us make our selections, give us extras of this and that for free and even asked for honest opinions about our cocktails, offering to redo them (new bartender).  They're also quick on call-in to go orders.  They have the best well selection and premium prices on Campus Corner.  They were also nice enough to let us buy just the dough from them for grilling our own pizzas, which most places won't do anymore.The only negative thing, which other reviewers mentioned, is that they don't stick to their hours in the summer.  If it isn't busy, they will close whenever they want, regardless of what the posted hours are.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2012,8/3/2012,22,14,,2,1>A great family owned Mexican restaurant. Attentive and friendly staff. They recently changed their hours of operation, so you have to keep that in mind. Some days they are only open til 3pm. :( I was pretty disappointed when I tried to come in for dinner one night. Doesn't change the quality of the food though. I would suggest fajitas and a tecate with salt and lime. :) yummy!
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2010,5/10/2012,19,17,,3,2>Best coffee house in Norman. They take their coffee seriously in a laid back atmosphere of cobbled-together furnishings and "have a seat, we'll bring it to you" mentality. In a hurry? Want a sterile environment? Just need caffiene? There's a Starbucks down the road. Otherwise, do yourself some good, slow down (for once), and enjoy the most delicious coffee in Norman. And don't forget to check out the local art on the walls.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2011,5/9/2012,2,10,,2,1>I went for a girls afternoon with two of my best friends.  It was my first time and one of my friend's first time, and the other is a frequentor of this place.  I was beyond impressed!  The aroma seized me by the stomach before I even made it INTO the building.  The service is friendly and with a smile, the food delicious and abundant.  I can't think of a single thing negative to say about the place other than the floor needed a good mop.  Honestly though, the floor is the last thing on my mind.  The food areas were clean and organized, the service was fast, and I just had my remaining leftovers today get this:  honestly just as good or maybe even better than the first day!!!  I'm so impressed that I can't WAIT to get a chance to drag my fiance to go too!!!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2011,5/8/2012,132,78,,3,1>Vin Dolce aka The Wine Bar, managed by Addison Howell, located at 16 South Broadway in Edmond, is an oasis for transplanted Californian wine lovers, like my wife and me. Staff knows wines and which wines should be poured into which Reidel glass. That's right - The Wine Bar carries a full set of Reidel glasses.While Cindy enjoyed a Rombauer Chardonnay and I sipped on a Milbrandt Riesling.In addition to an excellent selection of fine wines, Vin Dolce serves an assortment of appetizers. It's a great place to stop before dinner, afterwards or after a day of shopping. I suggest if you have a party of four that your stop and share a bottle.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,5/7/2012,4,37,,2,1>I tried to think of a reason to give this place less than five stars, I really did but after walking in the place I had to give em a star for the live jazz trio they had playing in the corner. I added another star for the amazing wait staff who were polite helpful and honest. The third star came from the excellent beer and wine selection as well as liquor. I am a good beer lover and was pumped to see the likes of Great Divide, Sierra Nevada, Abita and Sam Adams on the drink list. Number four would have to be the laid back atmosphere, when we walked in it was seat yourself, it is a small place and we found a good seat. the ambiance is more of a jazz and Louisiana southern than what I might think of as Cajun but all that stuff that got the first four stars did not matter because thinking about it I would have given them five stars just for the quality of the food.  I ordered crawfish ettuffe (don't know how to spell ettuffe) that came with either french bread or corn bread I chose corn bread. The meal also came with two sides I chose baked sweet potato and red beans and rice both were great but I wish I would have ordered the greens, MAN they were really good. The only downside to this food was that I could not eat even half of it there was so much in the portions but even thinking about that I am okay or should I say at peace with it now since I do get to eat it again as leftovers I just hope it has half the flavor it did today.  I will make every effort to go back to this place and chow down, chill out, and sink into my chair with some live music, cold beer and Cajun food. I will warn you  it is a little hard to find if you don't know what your looking for its nestled in between Golds Gym and the Kickingbird movie theatre but by god this place was worth the search. I gotta give a shout out to Lacy K. for taking the time to review this place or i would have never found it, my compliments Lacy.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,5/6/2012,45,165,,4,2>I've never had a bad experience at Benvenuti's. I don't know of anyone that has. The atmosphere is lovely, great for a date, or anyone you'd want to impress in Norman. I've had pasta, lasagna, pizza, and their cheese bread (can't think of the name but it's heavenly). The menu seems to change a bit, but since everything's good, you just have to keep going. Yummy Italian food, great atmosphere, great service, what's not to like?
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2010,5/5/2012,39,43,3,5,3>My friend and I were going to lunch, I wanted to eat something healthy and she suggested coolgreens- I'm so glad she did.Located in Nichols Hills Plaza, this bright, modern restaurant offers an array of foods that are, for the most part, prepared before your eyes.The menu includes several flatbread pizzas that looked really yummy- yes I was totally checking out other people's food, as well as 13 signature salads that can also be turned into wraps.If you want to order off menu you can create your own wrap or salad choosing from the wide array of greens and toppings as well as one of the 14 dressings made in house daily.Everything was sparkling clean, and all of the food looked super fresh and yum.  The staff were friendly, efficient and knowledgeable, and the service was quick.I had the southwest spicy chicken salad- no onion.  It was oh so nice.  A good balance of toppings and greens, with a slightly tart southwestern vinaigrette that set everything off nicely.Being the uber soup fan that I am I did a half salad (which was really big still) and soup.  The soup menu changes daily and today the choices were southwest chicken chili or wild mushroom and arugula.I opted for the chili.  It was excellent.  Again, a huge portion, to the point that I had to take half of it home (though I must admit it didn't last too long here...).There was a literal line outside the door when we arrived shortly after noon, but we were through it and seated with our food in a few minutes.  The turnover of tables was fairly fast and smooth.  With the exception of when our plates were removed I never noticed any bussing, yet the dining room was clean when we arrived and when we left.I really enjoyed it. I will definitely go back as well as recommend it to my friends and family.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,5/4/2012,25,17,,3,3>Fun brunch spot and BEST BLOODY MARY BAR EVER!!!! Reasonably priced bloody, too!  It's an experience in itself to walk up to the bar and selectively or not so selectively (after about 2) customize your drink.  Great place for a group (7 rowdy women), as a morning outing with friends (2 couples) or just you and your significant other.  When someone asks "Where should we go for brunch?" I'll have to say "STELLA'S!" Also, really appreciate that reservations can be made via OpenTable.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2011,5/3/2012,3,17,2,3,2>Just ate there for the first time a few days ago. Never had heard of it until a friend brought it up since it wasn't near where I lived. The decor was amazing which made the atmosphere spectacular. The prices are a little more than most places, but it didn't dissuade me too much. Obviously wouldn't have minded it being a little bit cheaper on the sushi, and their drinks are really overpriced, but that is to be expected. All in all, will return for special occasions, but it wouldn't be my "go to" place for sushi.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2012,5/2/2012,4,10,,1,2>Salivation. Super cheap salads. Excellent deep fried everything. Inside it looks kind of old and dirty though. I wish they'd remodel but that has no baring on the food- That was awesomeness.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,5/1/2012,19,48,1,2,2>If you've got the food blues, go to Forward Foods.  Bored with the same ol chicken dinner?  Browse the aisles and pick up some crazy ass spice or oil or bean or pasta you've never heard of before.  Try a new cheese - or don't - just buy it and just live a little.  Forward Foods makes everything better.  Fresh, local organic produce,  new and interesting gourmet accessories, and a friendly, knowledgeable staff.  Yeah, I like this place.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,7/23/2012,29,70,3,6,3>Do not: go here if you are trying to dietDo not : go here if you are looking for something fancyDo not: go here if you don't know or think you might not like creole food.DO: go here if you are really hungry and craving good fried chicken or mind blowing unlimited catfishDO: go here if you don't feel like wasting 2 hours doing your hair and makeup to go eat. DO: go here if you enjoy authentic southern food and charm!First visit:I go down to New Orleans a lot. I love real creole and cajun food. I was excited about this place. Had several different kinds of tea. I choose peach. They bring beignets and catfish strips over to your table. You get you plate and go to the buffet line, they had frog legs, i didn't try them. That most amazing fried chicken. I did gobble that goodness up. Yummy red beans and rice. Corn bread. Blackened catfish. gumbo, okra, and a serval other authentic cajun foods. I enjoyed it.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,7/22/2012,76,18,1,3,3>Tucked away in the Town & Country shopping center, Joey's is the best place to hit between 7 am and 3 pm for breakfast, lunch, or a little of both. They do get a bit crowded with the Sunday crowd, but it's steady service by familiar faces.They used to have something called the Lasagna Classico, it was amazing, and they don't serve it anymore. If they brought it back, it would be a 5 star joint for me.For breakfast, you can order from an assortment of gourmet omelettes and classic staples with a twist. My favorite is the French Toast which they batter in Frangelico. It looks pretty on the plate and tastes out of this world!For lunch, good luck! Their menu has so much variety, and none of it is a misfire. The house balsamic dressing is sweet and of substance. The Turkey Club is balanced and fresh. Each and every burger is made with love. If you have a group of people, make them all happy with the option of Chicken Fried Steak or Fettuccine Alfredo.They make their menu, complete with pricing, available online as well. Check them out for any family gathering!
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,7/21/2012,10,8,,4,2>Fantastic French inspired cuisine in an intimate, cozy environment. Prices are moderately high, but the flavors are wonderful and the portions more than filling. It's run by a husband/wife duo and you really can tell how much they care about their product. Waited about 25-30 minutes for my entree, but it was well worth it. I went with a party of 5 and we ended up eating off of each other's plates and loving everything we put in our mouths. A real gem in the OKC dining experience.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,7/20/2012,61,78,,1,1>Mmkay, I will start this review by saying I'm from Toronto and literally drove 45 mins one way to get a giant pizza pie in NY. After the horrific directions I gave the owner the lady arrived with my sausage calzone and extremely large pepperoni pizza. I will be damned if we move because like my parents, I would drive from across this state for Papa Angelos pies! If you like cookie cutter pizza and expect sausage to come from a frozen bag go somewhere else because these guys would blow your pizza lovin' mind :)
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,7/19/2012,0,5,,3,2>Teapioca's "opening soon" banner has caught my eye on several occasions while driving by and I love smoothies/boba, so you can imagine how excited I was to try it once it opened. My family and I stopped in on a Saturday afternoon and immediately noticed the bright and modern decor. Their menu is illuminated on the wall behind the counter with colorful pictures of their drinks. When we stopped in, they were having a buy two, get one free special, which was nice. We ordered a mango ice blend, a cantaloupe cream blend (smoothie), and a passionfruit cream blend - all with boba.We started trying the drinks as we got them and were floored by the similarity in taste between the drinks and the actual fruits they're made to imitate. The mango slushy tasted like mangos, the cantaloupe smoothie tasted like cantaloupes, and the passionfruit smoothie tasted.. well, wonderful (I've never tried a passionfruit). On top of that, the boba was cooked perfectly. Some places overcook it and others undercook it - making it either too soft or too tough. These were just right. If I was rating Teapioca on this visit alone, I would rate it a 5. However, I've been back three times since my first visit and although the flavors and boba have been on point, their smoothies' textures have been inconsistent. Sometimes they're nice and creamy, other times they turn completely soupy in a matter of 20-30 seconds. I understand that it's Oklahoma and the temperature is usually in the triple digits during the summer, but smoothies shouldn't turn into liquid that quickly.Other than that, Teapioca is wonderful. The staff is extremely nice and prepare drinks quicker than other places, they let you switch your drink if you don't like what you've ordered, they offer a generous student discount, and their drinks always taste wonderful.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,7/18/2012,44,137,,3,2>Anne the Wife and I got a chance to preview Flint, the new restaurant on the first floor of the Colcord Hotel in OKC. While the historic building still stands as one of the original skyscrapers downtown, it seems that first floor spot is a graveyard of former restaurants. Here's to hoping this one sticks it out for the long haul.The first thing you notice is the polished finish and attention to detail. They dumped money into the decor and didn't skimp on sturdy tables and leather seating. The entire staff was crazy nice and were quick to answer any questions we had.We started off with a few of the signature cocktails and made our way into the sample sized offerings. Word to the wise for preview meals - sit close to the kitchen window so you get first dibs to whatever is coming out. With heavy hearts and full bellies, we had to turn down 3rds, 4ths, and 5ths. Anne the Wife and I kept asking the chef about the different sauces and he didn't hesitate to share his secrets.I hogged the beer cocktail of Vodka, Stella, lemon juice (and other stuff) and stuffed myself with the sample sized chicken strips in Thai peanut sauce. Anne wrestled away each scallop dish and pork taco that came our way. The jalapeno hush puppies and Bloody Mary shrimp cocktails were crazy good and we were close to upset they didn't bring us more of the watermelon (but fish-less) ceviche.For dessert, they kept pumping us full of mini doughnuts and house made 'smores. I think I lied to the waitstaff about how many I'd had and Anne the Wife had no shame in trying each of the three different sauces accompanying the mini doughnuts. Do yourself a favor and try the one with the bacon fudge sauce.Flint is going to be a nice upscale dining option for downtown. The preview meal was on the house so I can't speak to the pricing but I imagine it'd be something Anne the Wife and I would need to plan ahead and save for a nice date night. I'm not sure about parking either. There's nearby parking garages and I'm sure they'll have a valet option, but you can usually park for free in the parking meter'd areas close by seeing as how most of the area is free after 6-ish. Thanks again for the invite and we look forward to the full open soon.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2012,7/17/2012,3,17,,1,1>First time eating there on 22 Feb 2012. Have had numerous people tell me how good this place was. Most people tell me told me to go at brunch, but ended up having it for dinner. My party was not all that hungry. We were more looking to have a few drinks, and try the queso that I have heard so much about. I have to say, the queso was not disappointing at all. I could not believe how good it was. It's only a day later and I already can't wait to get back there and try it again. All in all, this is a great place. A bit pricy but the food was very good (from the one item I had). I will definitely be going here again.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,7/16/2012,46,16,,3,2>You don't have to work at Devon to eat here. Don't be afraid to try it if you are on the West side of Downtown around lunch. Get there around 1 and it isn't that crowded but don't be late, they close at 130pm.The sammy's are by far my favorite. You get several choices of meat, cheese and bread. I usually get hormone free sliced chicken or turkey breast, fresh greens, really really sweet and soft tomatoes, cucumbers, dijon and provo.  A few different bread choices and I've had them all.  The bread has to be fresh baked cause it's so delicious.  Are they making it or does it come from somewhere local? Oh, and my side today was the quinoa with spinach and dried cranberries. It was freaking amazing.In addition to the wonderful review Julie P. posted, I'll add they also have burritos, pizza, pasta, calzone, and cafeteria style American food (think carving station with steamed veggies and mashed potatoes).  They also minimize the impact on landfills by using recycled paper, washable plates, baskets, glasses and utensils (they have plastic utensils for the on-the-go pro) and recycle any plastic or aluminum product you use. Yay!FYI - The executive chef came out and talked to us today. He was pumping up a new coffee and pastry shop they are opening in August. Ugh, 6 am comes early but hopefully their creations will make it a reason to get out of bed.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2012,7/15/2012,145,19,,3,1>Just about the only place in OKC I can walk in to get a decent cup of coffee and a delicious vegan treat or two. Love that they have options for all sorts of people. Geeky cupcakes, basic cupcakes, allergy-friendly cupcakes and plant-based cupcakes. They also have soft-serve frozen yogurt and sorbet. Woot!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,7/14/2012,11,1,,6,2>I love Crave! I come here for lunch all the time. It will fill you up without making you feel like you need a nap as soon as you get back to the office. The people are really nice, and it is surprisingly inexpensive and quick. Even though they have a lot of different sandwiches on the menu, I find myself pulled to the grilled cheese time and time again. They use a panini press and you can choose what kind of bread and cheese you would like. Plus it is under $3!They also have an excellent smoothie happy hour between 2 & 3 where you get half off of the designated smoothie for the day. On Fridays it's half off any smoothie!They are also members of Keep It Local, so they're pretty awesome.Tip: It is a small place, so after you order it's the norm to wait outside the glass doors for them to call your name.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2014,9/28/2014,136,68,3,5,5>Aristocats is AWESOME. I've got two huge and fluffy ragdolls, one that will let me brush him and trim his claws and one that absolutely will not. I've taken them both to Aristocats three times in the last year and have been completely satisfied every single time.Lena is a certified feline groomer and she is worth every penny. Given her expertise, I think her prices are very reasonable. I still don't know how she is able to so successfully groom my one cat that refuses to let me brush him or trim his claws, but I guess that's why she is certified to do it! I usually get a bath and a potty trail for both my cats every 3 months and it runs me about $100 total. Aristocats will let you drop off your cats at 7:30 in the morning and pick them up later in the day for no extra charge. When I pick up my boys, they are happy and walking around with their chests puffed out. It reminds me of the way I feel extra fabulous after leaving a salon.Regular grooming with Lena has significantly reduced the amount of shedding I've had to deal with at home. I've not used the boarding services yet but would not hesitate to use them for boarding if the need arises.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,9/27/2014,35,104,1,4,4>I think it is a genius idea to have a patio pub next to a firestone! I needed a little work done on my car today and I didn't want to watch Fox News and inhale tire scent. I opted to go next door to the Irish pub and have a beer on their patio. The pub didn't open for 5 minutes but they let me come in a little early and have a beer while they set up for dinner. I loved that! They checked my ID also... Bonus points! I turned 30 this year... Side note. I sat on the patio because it is a beautiful day! I love the decor of the bar though. It is adorable. I will be back soon to try the food.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,9/26/2014,23,24,3,6,6>Close your eyes (not really--you're reading), and think about how a McDonald's cheeseburger compares to the best cheeseburger you've ever had. This is how run-of-the-mill Chinese food places compare to Chow's. With Midwestern America dominated by strip-mall joints and Chinese food buffets, it's easy for most people to think Chinese food is basically a bunch of fried stuff covered in a variety of tangy sauces. Chow's proves that this misconception couldn't be further from the truth. With a wide variety of fresh, uniquely prepared dishes, Chow's may push the casual Chinese food lover into a strange (albeit delicious) food crisis. Simply said, once you have this type of Chinese food, run-of-the-mill buffets won't cut the mustard.As an additional tip, Chow's allows you to bring in your own alcohol, which makes it a budget-friendly place to host a birthday party or a large group dinner.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,9/25/2014,28,33,5,7,5>I am so fortunate to know about Yelp and have friends from Yelp that led me to wonderful places like Gopuram Taste of India.  I'm not quite going up to 5 stars for them yet because I've only had them once so far, and service was good but not great.  The food, on the other hand, was incredibly yummy.  I say I only had Gopuram once, but I guess the truth is I've sampled some of their food at the Art Festival before and thought it was amazing there.  It is even better in the restaurant.  The buffet seemed to be the way to go, considering the variety of choices and the fact I wasn't sure what I would like.  All of the food seemed to be at the appropriate temperature (an extremely important thing at a buffet), and I saw them refilling several of the entrees.  The chicken tikka masala had excellent flavor and had me going back for seconds.  There were several vegetable entrees that had amazing flavor with the veggies cooked perfectly.  The fried spinach (sorry, can't remember the official name) was super yummy.  The server brings naan bread to the table for you along with tandoori chicken.  The tandoori chicken has an excellent spice on it that builds as you eat more.  Definitely recommend trying it.  There is a separate buffet area for all the sauces they have available for the naan (and I guess whatever else you want to dip in it).  There were only a few items from the buffet I didn't care for, but it was all cooked well.  I didn't necessarily love everything. For example, the lentil doughnut they suggest as an appetizer was a little too strange for me.  But most of it was great.Service, as I said, was just "good" instead of great.  We were seated quickly, received our waters quickly, and at the end of our meal we received our check quickly. But everything in between the beginning and end (the "middle" I think it's called?) was mixed.  I think it may just be that they try to let you enjoy the buffet, but I would have liked to see the guy with the tandoori chicken at least once more or have someone stop by that I could have flagged down for more chicken.The decor and music are all Indian themed and it is fun to look around and just take in the atmosphere there.I will definitely be returning to Gopuram Taste of India for lunch!
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2014,9/24/2014,33,58,3,6,7>My husband and I went to Bedlam for lunch on Saturday.  Although he has been before during the week (much more crowded then), It was my first time.  Let me confess that I am not a fan of Oklahoma BBQ.  I grew up in South Carolina.  When I crave BBQ, I am dreaming of pulled pork in either a mustard or vinegar based sauce.  I am not a brisket fan and never liked any kind of ribs - they were always too fatty and too difficult to eat.  When I go to an Oklahoma BBQ joint, I like to try the smoked turkey.  Back to BBQ confessions, I don't like baked beans or cole slaw and don't eat corn on the cob because the kernels get stuck in my teeth.  I try to eat healthy as much as possible so I always hope there is a healthy side alternative that I like so I don't have to get the fries.  So what did I end up getting at Bedlam?  I ordered The Sandwich.  You can pick any of their meats except ribs so I choose the smoked turkey.  The Sandwich comes with one side.  I went for the tabouli salad. All in all, a fairly healthy meal.  My husband ordered the ribs with baked beans & cole slaw.  He went with the order of 4 instead of 3 because he wasn't sure how large they were.  Our food arrived very shortly after we got our drinks and sat down.  I was surprised at how fast it came.  The smoked turkey on my sandwich consisted of a lot of small but thick pieces that were tender and nicely seasoned.  I added onions and mild BBQ sauce and enjoyed my sandwich.  The tabouli salad wasn't the best I have ever had but it was decent and a good, healthy side to my smoked turkey sandwich.  The amount of food was just right for me.  I was full but not stuffed and was ready to eat again at dinner time.  My husband ended up taking ribs home with him.  He said he should have just gotten the 3 ribs instead of 4.  Actually he got closer to 5 because they included a couple of small extra pieces.  He got a to-go box, put in his extra ribs, and added BBQ sauce.  When he got hungry later, he just baked them in the even a little while (he said they weren't quite as done as he preferred) and ate them for dinner.The people, both employees and customers waiting for takeout, were all friendly to talk to while we were in line to order.  It was only the second day of work for the lady cashier so she had to ask others before answering some of our questions.  She was very pleasant but they may want to do a little bit better training on their menu items and procedures.  We did not see the patio others have raved about - maybe another time.  I was actually surprised at a place called "Bedlam" Bar-B-Q that there wasn't actually very much Bedlam in the décor.  It is actually mostly a Western theme - bronc riders and Indians.  Country music, a lot of Johnny Cash, was playing while we ate.  A little in front of us was a large glass-topped table the base of which was a piano.  There were a lot of stools around it so a large group could sit there.  I thought that was cool.  The décor was very appropriate for Oklahoma - it just wasn't very "Bedlam".I enjoyed my first experience dining at Bedlam Bar-B-Q.  Next time we go, I just may have to try some of the blackberry cobbler.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,9/23/2014,100,68,2,4,6>Now I know you city folk out there love your Cao Ngyuen. I'm right there with you. But I also appreciate small grocery stores like Ko Mart. They make sure to stock the necessities and you don't find yourself with a cart full of things you hadn't planned on buying, waiting in the checkout line with other shoppers suffering buyer's remorse.Part of my husband's family is Japanese and lived in Midwest City so Ko Mart was one of their first stops to stock me up on a whole new world of goodies. I've been in the family for over seven years now, so I know my way around, but it can be a bit intimidating for the novices. Most things you can tell from the picture on the packaging, but a lot of the stuff also has a label on the back with the English translation (in small print, but it's there!) as well as nutrition info. You can always ask the owners and employees too, so don't be shy!You can't go wrong with any of the sweet or savory snacks. There's aloe juice for those out there with stomach issues. It's chunky, but helps! Kimchi is in the fridges at the back right. I prefer the ones made with cabbage and without fish, but there are options so check the labels. Kimchi isn't for everyone, but if you love it, Ko Mart makes pretty good ones. The seasoned tofu is in the same area and it is really, really good. Kewpie mayonnaise is always on hand. If you have had European mayonnaise, it is very similar, it just has a bit more of a tang than American mayo. And Ramune is a fun, sugary soda to drink. That will be back in the refrigerator area as well!Back left of the shop has a little cafe. I have never eaten there but I have heard some good things from other people.Whether you are new to Asian food or are in the area and need to make a quick trip for the essentials, Ko Mart is the place to go. If all my Asian family and friends have been loyal customers for decades, they must be doing something right.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,9/22/2014,59,55,4,3,4>Are you hungover? Still up from a late night/early morning? Craving bacon and eggs with french toast that's cooked to perfection? How about you're just really hungry for an omelette and you want the cook to decide what goes in it?RUN- DO NOT WALK. Because the Diner is waiting for you. And your stomach won't know yet, but you've been missing out on one of the best diners in OK.Whereas the Diner is not 'the greatest' selection if you're a picky eater and vegetarian like myself, it is still a great selection. Their food is tasty and fresh - not like most "greasy spoon" diners. The cooks are FAST too. Plus the cooks and staff are so nice, they will go out of their way to make sure you get what you want. I have had so many amazing chats with the awesome staff and love love love this place. The diner is full of warm and fuzzy energy, and it just feels right the minute you sit down and your waitress already has your coffee and oj in hand.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,9/21/2014,190,56,1,8,4>Monday nights, $30 for bottle of wine and two entrees!Tuesday, they have Empanda Tuesdays with $1.50 empanadas and drink specials!Basically, I want everything on this menu. Everything. I recently went to La Brasa after months of pining for it. I originally went for the multiple ceviche options but lucky us, Chrome Pony was DJing so they were offering the Monday night wine special as well. I'll let you know that with an appetizer, a bottle of wine, and two entrees (both with steak!) our total was only $40 before tip!I took my boyfriend who is the pickiest eater ever and the main reason I hadn't gone here yet but after the first course, the mussels, he said he'd eat the whole plate and that we could come back anytime - SO made a believer out of him in a hot second! Seriously, the mussels were incredible, limey and a little spicy and perfectly flavored and easy to eat (as some mussels can be a little chewy or dirty or stick to the shell). I had the Chimichurri steak which was amazing with a salad that blew my mind. It was slightly salty, soy-saucy but matched perfectly with everything else on the plate including the perfectly cooked potato side. The only downfall here was that the steak could have been a little overcooked but nothing to diminish the overall taste of the meal. I also got to sneak a bite of their famous tacu tacu side and was very impressed! I cannot wait to come back.Oh...! Not to mention, Kamps has done some pretty incredible remodeling to that place. I was a little worried about the atmosphere at first but it's just great. Very loungy and dark and romantic -- nothing like your Robotic Wednesday crowd, ha. This would be a great special-occasion place!The Yelp deals here are amazing as well! $30 for $40 and a free appetizer!
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,9/20/2014,61,78,5,6,7>At first I read everything possible about The Wedge on Yelp, UrbanSpoon & the OKC Gazette to gage the probability of their pies being a success in my book. Most folks were very through in the atmosphere and such. I threw my hands in the air, what the hey- Let's Go!      We went as a twosome to fully engage the pizza to conversation ratios.  I really dig the openness and location of their building. Luckily we went after the main lunch time hours were winding down so the crowd was laid back stragglers and two other couples.      Our sever killed it, I was so pleased with the upbeat attitude and enthusiasm towards our nitpick requests and killer menu knowledge. I noticed most people who reviewed previously suggest getting a salad. Call me weird here, I eat salads at home and grow our own supply so I'm hesitant to pay for something I consider a fine art in my own home so we skipped it this visit.        I've been to most of the pizza joints in the metro and truthfully it's made me the 'Crust Nazi'. The crust here is good with its airy and bubbly texture. It leaves you wanting another piece perhaps just for the crust!       I got the Truffle Shuffle & my partner in crime got something with spinach and sausage. I'm not sure if it was on the menu or personal creation. I loved the flavors and how they meld like a fine wine without having to stick my pie in a barrel! Oh it was love! It may have been construed as an affair if I'd stalked it a bit more or a if it was accompanied with a salad. Oh the travesty of our pie adventure! We will be back for a more complete experience of the menu soon.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2014,9/19/2014,37,113,4,4,3>One of my eternal battles in the state of Oklahoma is finding decent Mexican food that is Mex without the Tex. It's not that I hate Tex-Mex; it's that Mex sans Tex is just better. And La Catrina delivers. I had a lovely meal of shrimp fajitas complete with corn tortillas, rice, beans + cheese, and all the accessories of guacamole, sour cream, and lettuce. Top it off with Corona and lime, I was quite happy with my meal.I liked the ambiance of the restaurant -- the decor is Dios de los Muertos themed, which is a nice touch. For a Friday night, it was very quiet, but that was fine by me. Our waitress was nice and pleasant, but I wouldn't call the service absolutely stellar. My only quibble is that the vegetarian options were pretty lacking. There were only 2 options under the vegetarian section of the menu, which surprised me because Mexican food is by far one of the easiest to get a lot of veg options out of. There wasn't even a vegetarian fajitas option on the menu -- I suppose maybe if I had asked for it, but not a huge concern since I am technically follow a pescetarian diet. It just struck me as odd.Either way, La Catrina hit the spot for me. I'd definitely stop by again next time I'm in the neighborhood with a hankering for not-Tex-Mex.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,11/27/2014,37,113,1,6,4>District House is exactly what the Plaza desperately needed: a coffee house to chill, hang with friends, and engage in discussion all while enjoying tasty beverages. Not to disparage the wonderful restaurants in the Plaza, but sometimes a girl just wants some coffee and not have to deal with (rightfully so) crowded restaurants.Don't let the size fool you -- it's my understanding that DH is owned by the same people who run The Parish, so with the space in The Parish and the space in District House itself, there is plenty of room to sip your beverage. The staff are very kind, laid-back, and not snooty in the least. Prices are decent -- this isn't Starbucks, so don't expect a ginormous venti-size concoction, but you know what they say: a little goes a long way.I'm looking forward to more visits in the future, for sure.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,11/26/2014,40,58,4,3,3>Without a doubt... and this is no exaggeration, I have found this to be the BEST chinese buffet in Oklahoma City area, I have been to many Chinese buffets in Oklahoma City, been to ones on the NW side of OKC, near Quail Springs mall, but this place has it all, selection, quality, and cleanlinessThis buffet has your traditional type things you would find at a chinese buffet... broccoli beef/chicken, egg drop soup, fried rice, etc. But then they also have a vast group of other food that you may not expect at a usual chinese buffet, some American food, but they also have a sushi area, hibachi grill, and even a area that cooks ribs straight off the grill, The place is very clean and is very big, gots lots of tables so it's great for groups, even with it's size though I have never seen this place empty, always has many people in it! If you have never tried Hibachi Supreme Buffet you are missing out on the best Chinese buffet in the OKC area, try it now! :)
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2014,11/25/2014,27,106,2,5,2>I've been meaning to get into this place but kept putting it off.  But on my weekly ride I happened to be nearby and starving at the same time so I dropped in.I have one method of judging a restaurant I call the 3-O'Clock Challenge.  2 O'Clock works just as well.  The idea is to come in during a very slow time and see what kind of food and service you get.  If it's good at three, it means they care and you didn't piss them off for interrupting their slack time.So I waltzed in threeish; there were a few people there so I sat down and was very quickly served.  Ice tea and salsa/chips came real fast and they were pretty good.  I ordered the Tamales, home made and also very good.  Service was quick and efficient.  I'll be back.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,11/24/2014,111,61,2,5,2>Great coffee, great location, improved parking. A lot of the low star reviews knock the service, they've done an amazing job hiring to that weakness. So much so that it's not even an issue now. You'll get high quality coffee from a caring and friendly barista. Ignore the hate posted here and go in with a smile and a buck or two more than what you'd typically spend at a chain.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,11/23/2014,12,49,1,4,5>I love this place. Excellent coffee & espresso drinks (they brew local Elemental coffee). Delicious baked goods. I personally love the various bars. Nutella bars, blueberry bars, you name it. The whoopie pies and scones are also delicious. Everything looks amazing. They do these 1/2 off bags of the previous days' scones and other goodies and they're superb. They have board games and a photo booth for hanging out, but it's also a great place to study or write. The price point is good and you can get 10% off with a Keep It Local card.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2014,11/22/2014,52,81,1,3,4>Great new concept for fast casual pizza! They even have "healthier" options which is a huge plus! Wheat and Gluten free pizza crusts and lots of veggies for those of us who dig the veggies! The menu has great options already picked for you or you can always create your own!Salads and pastas too! The caesar salad is YUMMY!  Great for kids! Wednesdays - KIDS EAT FREE with a purchase of an Adult entree! SCORE!
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2014,11/21/2014,28,110,2,4,3>It is hard to beat the Grand House.  I always go with the express lunch combo.  It offers your choice of 4 items from a list of about fifteen items, plus your choice of soup and type rice.  It is less than $7 and is always served hot and fast.  The portions are huge too.  I recommend you try the garlic chicken, sweet and sour chicken, broccoli beef, and egg roll with fried rice and egg drop soup.I have had the sushi a few times and it never disappoints.  The rolls are large and priced great.  The service is always fast and friendly as well.  The Grand House is great for large groups too.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2014,11/20/2014,60,285,4,3,2>Same great pasta shop I know and love in Norman. Looks like Victoria's decided to open up a new location. Good news for those living in south OKC. On this visit I ordered the Mushroom Caps. Which are almost always a most order. Every day what the mushroom caps are stuffed with changes. Ask your server or check out the chalk board to see what is in them today.I also ordered the chicken parm with the pink sauce. This was also very good with one small complaint. It needed more sauce. I asked for some extra sauce and it was brought to the table. I also had the cheese bread with my order. It was great. Though you really don't need it as most order come with garlic bread. I really enjoyed this new shop for an old favorite. I have been going to the one in Norman for years. I have never had a meal there I didn't like. Safe to say you can order anything on the menu and it should come out tasty.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,11/19/2014,31,66,1,2,3>Went here on a Friday  night and walked up to the bar to sit down.  Everyone has been saying its crowded and long wait times but we did not experience that at all.  We ordered the buffalo chicken nachos - and I just ate around the chicken.  Buffalo chicken anything is mr. Bee's favorite item of all time.  There were real blue cheese crumbles on the nachos, the tortilla chips were Delish too.  Then we ordered the spinach salad to spilt.  This was also very tasty; made in house maple vinaigrette, apples and candied nuts.  The beer selection here is great they had both of our local favorites: tank 7 and dnr!And surprise some of their desserts are made in house as well!  We had the cheesecake and it was seriously one of the best cheesecakes I've ever eaten! (My mothers is my favorite). But I think I could eaten another piece of Wes welker's.  This place impressed me and I we will probably be back.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,11/18/2014,210,90,2,5,5>SIGH.It's hard to adequately express my love for this place. Let's start with the fact that the overgrown greenery surrounding the building makes it feel like a tiny oasis. A little secret Grecian getaway right in the middle of a bustling city. Upon entrance, the slight aroma of coffee and all things good in the world sort of wafts into your nostrils, preparing you for the taste carnival that is about to happen in your mouth.The coffee smell comes from the tiny, con-caved area that's packed with whole coffee beans ready for grinding. Surprise! This place is also a Mediterranean grocery store chock full of culinary treats. Slice meats, sliced cheeses, olives, pita bread, beans, homos-tahini and more.You can also order a yummy lunch or early dinner. This place is serious about their kitchen closing at 6 p.m.The muajadra is my favorite thing. It's a lentil, rice, and onion wonder that begs to be mixed with the homos or delicious house vinaigrette that is poured generously over the Greek salad. Don't forget this place is super authentic which means THERE ARE PITS IN ALL THE SCRUMPTIOUS OLIVES. Breaking a tooth is seriously a terrible way to end a lovely experience of eating and international grocery shopping.I've heard the falafel is the most delicious in the city. I'm a gluten-free baby so I stay away because wheat is added to the mixture, according to those that work there.Try one of the daily made salads. There's a cucumber and tomato one with the house dressing and fresh dill, as well as a mozzarella ball and grape tomato salad. It's just all really good. Lastly, the service is interesting. It's quick but maybe a little grumpy. I don't know. It doesn't really bother me at all. I find curmudgeonly people adorable. But it might be something to take note of.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,5/2/2013,292,440,1,8,3>NOM NA NOM NOM NOMI absolutely love Nic's grill. The food, first of all, is AMAZING! The burgers are made right in front of you. The burgers are to die for. The beef is cooked and seasoned perfectly. It is a bit greasy, but so worth it. The best kept secret of Nic's grill is the add-on grilled jalapenos. They are only 40 cents to add the jalapenos and it is so worth it! The bacon is $1.25 to add on but Nic gives you lots of bacon. Nic is really nice and so is Chavon (waiter). The line can be very long because the restaurant is so small (seats 10-15 people). The grilled onions are a must on the burger. The curly fries are delicious and go perfectly with the burgersThe decor, the environment, everything about Nic's just screams this hole in the wall is where you want to eat! There is sports memoriabilia on the walls and ESPN is always on. As for other things besides the burgers, I have heard their fried chicken is amazing and runs out very quickly! It is only served on thursdays and typically runs out by 11am. The breakfast is said to be the best in OKC. Also I always get an unsweetened ice tea and it is delicious.At an extremely reasonable price of $7-8 for a burger combo with fries and a drink. It is a must-try for anyone, period!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,5/1/2013,1,9,,2,2>Moderately priced, very good quality and selection.  Their daily special rolls and sushi are very good.  I've been going here for several months now and have always had good service and good food.  Sushi in Oklahoma is a bit of a hit or miss situation regardless of where you go.  However, this place has been very consistant so far.  Most of their fresh rolls are 8 pieces and they don't skimp on the ingredients.  The prices are completely on par with the rest of the better sushi restaurants in OKC.   I don't really understand the review that says this place is "Ridiculously Overpriced".  Neko, Okura, Tokyo, etc.. all have very similar pricing.  The places with considerably less expensive sushi also offer much less in value when it comes to quality and selection.  The selection and quality at The Sushi Bar is as good as, or better than, the other OKC establishments.  Their list of fresh and cooked rolls is quite expansive. I usually get the daily special sashimi.  A couple of weeks ago, the Fresh Hamachi flown in that morning from Japan was the best I've had in Oklahoma.  Tonight, the Ora King Salmon was as bright and fresh as they come in these parts and unimpeachably delicious.  Only 4 out of 5 stars simply because I can't justify a 5 star review of sushi in Oklahoma.  Maybe one of these days.  For now, The Sushi Bar is up there with my other favorite sushi restaurants in the area.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2013,4/30/2013,12,23,,2,3>What's not to love? The laid back atmosphere, the friendly staff, the great pizza (seriously try the cheese), wonderful deli sandwiches, and the fried mozzarella. Oh.my. amazing. You've never had cheese this good. We go quite often.at a couple of bucks for a slice and a drink, it's fast, easy, and yummy without being too much more than a boring sandwich from home. Just try it, you'll like it!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,4/29/2013,1354,76,,5,3>You don't know what you're missing if you haven't eaten at Banana Island! Great service, fair prices, and FANTASTIC food! The mixed vegetable curry is by far one of my favorites. It has the perfection combination of spice and flavors. You won't find anything else like it in OKC! Give it a try, you will not be disappointed!
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,4/28/2013,60,285,1,2,2>Loving the new S&B on the south side of OKC. I used to love the one downtown till an unfortunate dinning incident caused me not to go back. Now that the south side S&B is open I have found a way to eat there during the happy hours 3 times in the last couple week. Love these burgers and the verities. I usually set at the bar in the new S&B's which used to be the old coaches. This is such a better use of this space to feed my face. I would def recommend this to anyone in south OKC, Moore or Norman's to get a location) Who loves a good burger. By the way don't forget the loaded fries. Yep I said loaded fries. With some very interesting verities as well. So run don't just walk to this new S&Bs.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,4/27/2013,100,68,3,9,4>The Norman Forward Foods recently moved down Main St., across from Natural Grocers, and I am as smitten now as I was before. The old space was like a small grocery shop you would find in a large European or American city, with the ability to pack all kinds of gourmet & international goodies to its brim. Not much has changed with this new location. In fact, it just gives you a little more room to breathe without losing that hunt-for-gastronomical-treasure feel. They also gained a covered patio with plenty of seating and a private lot that is easy to find parking in.They still serve one of the best lunches in town. I highly recommend the quiche lunch special which comes with a baby quiche (how Parisian!), a salad of greens with olive oil & vinegar and a cup of soup, your choice. If the cauliflower and Stilton is on the menu GET IT. It was a refreshing take on broccoli and cheddar but not as rich. The cheese selection is as delectable as before and I highly recommend grabbing a cappuccino.According to the Forward Foods newsletter, they have started doing some of their tasting classes in Norman. They usually have their standard cheese, cheese & wine and cheese & beer, but Norman put on a rare olive oil tasting class that sounded great! Classes are about $35/person. I have yet to try one, but I know I am willing to make the trek to OKC if I can't make it to a Norman class.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2012,4/26/2013,62,45,,3,1>I like pizza, but I'm not pizza crazy.Upper Crust wasn't super high on my to-visit restaurant list, but I took someone who is pizza crazy, tonight, and we both left pretty impressed.Other than the table of creepers across the aisle and the TV blaring Fox News, I liked the decor quite a bit. Sort of a super-sized big-city pizza joint--a sprawling expanse of a restaurant that only a great state like ours can achieve because of all of our empty land. It's fun to sit in a restaurant that is unnecessarily gigantic and feel like a miniature person. If they had tiny pizzas, I would have ordered a couple of those to further confuse the illusion.We split the calamari (with pickled peppers! Nice touch!), a farmer's market salad (light, dressed well and super fresh ingredients) and a "Psycho Shroom". I could smell the truffle oil funk from several feet away. And it was good. A wide variety of mushrooms, crispy crust, fontina, grana, chives. I prefer a saucier pizza, and next time I'll order something pickled on top to sharpen the shroomy flavor, but it was great, and I'm sure I'll have it again soon.Service was quick and professional, Coop F5 was served with a grapefruit slice (thoughtful). Good game, Upper Crust.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,4/25/2013,214,465,4,9,5>The entrance to the restaurant was a bit awkward. Once you enter, you're in the dining room. There was no hostess stand or waiting area of any sort which got a bit crowded with many people gathered around the entrance. It took quite a while for anyone to even acknowledge us. I didn't know if you were suppose to seat yourself or what. Finally, I asked an employee if we just grab a table or was someone suppose to seat us. He asked us to wait a sec and showed us to a table.I got the chicken basil stir-fried which contained basil, onions, chili, and bell peppers. It was suppose to be spicy but I didn't think it was at all. The combination of those ingredients were done well and the sauce had a hint of sweetness in it. I also tried the chicken pad Thai noodles which is something I'd recommend to others. It's a great dish. I'm in love with their Thai iced tea! I pretty much inhaled that drink! The flavor was perfect and not too sweet.  Try it! The dining room wasn't big so you might have to for a table during peak lunch and dinner hours. Service wasn't the greatest. We didn't see our waiter again until we got our check. I still like the restaurant though. Prices were fair and portions were ginormous! I only finished half my meal and had the leftovers for lunch the next day.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,4/24/2013,104,246,2,5,3>I have been looking forward to trying Stella for quite some time now and finally had an excuse to give it a shot for my mother's birthday. We made reservations at 6:30 and were seated immediately. As soon as we walked in my mother turned to me and said, "I love it already." The atmosphere is very trendy, dimly lit and a little bit on the loud side. I loved all the music they played, from Röyksopp to Sneaker Pimps, my ears were in heaven. I had a glass of prosecco and we split a bottle of red wine. I ordered my three year old daughter pasta and cheese and my mother and I got caesar salads, all of which were brought out at the same time. This is a huge plus because my child was already getting antsy 15 minutes into dinner and then they brought out her food. Geniuses! They brought her pasta with red sauce instead of cheese but she looked interested in it so we let it be. It was a hefty portion and that child ate every last bite. For a simple red sauce, it was absolutely delicious. The caesar salads had A LOT of garlic, which is good for me because I love garlic, but some may not love it. They also brought out hot, crispy bread with a garlic infused dipping oil that was also tasty and that bread was perfect in every way. Gahhhh I love bread.The decision was difficult because all of their salads sound fantastic but I ended up ordering the vegetarian summer squash and risotto with toasted pumpkin seeds for my entree and it was fantastic and very unique. My mom and her friend both loved their entrees as well. My mom's friend said this experience was much better than the time she had come before. That comment, as well as the mixed yelp reviews, lead me to believe Stella has some on nights and some off nights but on the night we were there, they were WAY on, which is why they get 5 stars. I loved Stella and can't wait to go back. This is by far my favorite Italian restaurant in OKC because the service was great and the cuisine was wonderful and fresh.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2012,4/23/2013,103,131,4,2,1>The good, they have a lot of beer! It kind of reminds me of a place back home who had a "mug" club for beer drinkers. The atmosphere is nice, I love the feel of this place. A really neat bar. The waiter was super nice and on top of it.The food, I ordered a burger and the boy ordered the patty melt. The food was good, nothing special. Just bar food. But, this place is in luck, I love bar food. In général I like this place, but I'm not a beer drinker, my husband on the other hand is a beer snob and he also LOVED this place. Now I just need to find him a beer buddy and I'll finally get him our of my hair.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,12/31/2012,2,39,1,4,2>After we toured one gallery, we were hooked and bought a membership for a year. One of the best museums we have been to in OKC, so well put together with amazing artifacts. The Native American gallery was particularly impressive with so much rich history and priceless artifacts, all artfully displayed along with lots of written information for as much history as you wanted about many things. Next time we go we will finish up the remaining galleries or just take our time.Oh, they also have a wonderful gift shop and a little cafe upstairs if you get hungry absorbing all that knowledge!PS - Veterans get in FREE
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,12/30/2012,4,90,,1,1>Today, I decided I would try something new. Today, I listened to Yelp.I've driven by Tropical Cafe many times, yet I never quite talked myself into going. Perhaps it was chance. Perhaps it was intent in the back of my mind finally materializing. Most likely it was a desire to get out and do something now that the heat is just a little less overbearing. Whatever it was, I knew this was a good day to give this place a try.The food is a bit mixed. I tried a tuna roll and found it a bit lacking. The fish was fine, but the rice and seaweed were just... well, for lack of a better word, "meh" will have to suffice. Not a big deal, that was really just a side to the main course, the Japanese salmon salad. This was pretty good, although perhaps it could use a squirt of lemon juice and some sliced almonds. No matter, the recipe is rather nice as is. The fish was good, but the lettuce and tomatoes didn't hold up as well. Again, not terrible, just not impressive. The breadstick that comes with all salads felt a bit out of place, but it was alright. The real prize of the meal was the Tropical Iced Tea. It's not particularly fancy, just a nice subtle fruity twist to iced tea that fits what I had very well.Alright, since the food was decent but just a bit short of what I was hoping for, how about the atmosphere? That, I liked for the most part. The decor was nice for a casual cafe atmosphere. The noise level was just enough to feel occupied, not so loud that a conversation would be difficult. The crowd is a bit varied, so don't expect it to be purely a college hangout or a corporate table.Rather than go in chronological order of what I experienced, I decided to save the best part for the end. The service was absolutely wonderful. I was seated immediately. The waitress asked whether I had been there before. When I replied that I had not, she spent a minute quickly going over the menu to point out a few notable parts. My tea came out very quickly, and I barely got through a few paragraphs of light reading before everything was ready. The entire time, service was attentive without being intrusive. Everyone was really very friendly. The service was simply outstanding.Thinking about it, I may have just caught an off day for the ingredients. The recipes look fine and the fish was as good as you can hope for in Oklahoma, so there's definitely promise. Even with ingredients that weren't quite all there, the food was alright. I'll certainly make it a point to return and try something new. Crepe sandwiches do look like a great idea.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,12/29/2012,5,99,,3,3>I find it hard to believe that Sheba is an actual queen... Because no queen could possibly know how to make food this good! Don't let the questionable exterior of the restaurant fool you, this food is excellent. I ordered the vegetarian platter and I was very pleased with everything. Green beans, lentils, potatoes, salad... I don't even know what exactly I was eating, but I loved every bite, not to mention the generous portion size.  My girlfriend ordered the fried fish, which was also delicious - this is what I expect to get when I order fried fish.  Rather than using a large, clunky, deep-fried batter that hides the fish, they let the fish be the star of the show - adding just enough "breading" (I'm pretty sure it was just a light dusting of flour to be honest) to create a perfectly crisp crust to the fish.  Even their salad was impressive.  Fresh lettuce, tomatoes, and an ingredient I'm disappointed to say I've never thought of including on salad until now - fresh jalapenos - all tossed in lemon juice.  Doesn't sound like much, but the simplicity and use of fresh ingredients goes a long way, not to mention the added kick of the jalapenos.  And just who the hell had the idea to begin using silverware in the first place?! Using your hands along with the traditional Injera to scoop up all of the delicious food is the best part! This place is awesome, give it a try.Overall Grade: B+
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,12/28/2012,40,73,,2,2>Bad Granny's is definitely one of my favorite places to go treasure hunting! Every booth is different and has its own distinct character. The booths are definitely wide spread in terms of prices, but this makes finding a steal that much more fun! (Also to be noted, Retrokc has a small booth here, for what I'm assuming is their cheaper items or maybe just an overflow?)Bad Granny's has its fair share of crazy vintage, cool vintage, and just plain crazy cool! I've found some clothing items here before that totally fit my style, and found some one-of-a-kind decor! Including one of my favorite purchases ever, an Oklahoma shaped basket. If you ever have an afternoon or even just a little bit of time to scan the store and see if anything jumps out, I definitely recommend it! One of the many places you must stop at in the Plaza District! Sure it can seem a bit cluttered or overwhelming, but isn't that the fun of it?
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2012,12/27/2012,58,59,,2,1>I really love this place.  I've felt hesitant for awhile in reviewing it, because I honestly don't know a whole lot bout Vietnamese food-- other than one horrible attempt in New Orleans, Pho'Nomenal is my only experience with the cuisine.  Ok, let's get this out in the open first of all:  I love soup, and I love noodles.  There.  It's true.  If I had my way, I'd probably eat brothy noodlely soup 5 times a week... but I think my husband would revolt if I tried to take over dinner that way.  But Pho'Nomenal really delivers-- they have a variety of soups, including pho and non pho options, and are quite flexible about ordering.  (I typically get the P4, one of the pho dishes, except I get udon noodles... and I used to order it without any cilantro on top.  The horror!)The non pho dishes are ALSO good, though!  They're well seasoned, and whenever I get a noodle chicken plate, it's nearly more than I can eat, but I still want more.Also, protip--  order the coconut water/juice.  It's sweetened, and has actual large slices of coconut in it.  It's fan-tas-tic.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,12/26/2012,210,90,2,5,2>i love this place. the selection you'll find is unparalleled. it's your go-to exotic grocery store. it's incredibly clean, and everyone is so friendly.if you've got an asian-inspired recipe, you can bet that you'll find the ingredients and spices here.the amount of tea and veggies and fruit you haven't seen/didn't know existed will blow your mind.i was making some egg rolls, and i found about 4-5 different types of rolls in the freezer section. i tried two kinds, and both were perfect. don't wear nice clothes, though. it smells in there. :)
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,12/25/2012,28,110,,5,1>My wife and I checked out Urban Wine Works for a long over due date night.  It turned out to be an unexpected gem and culinary delight.  UWW is located in the up and coming 16th Street Plaza District.  The area has several new bars, restaurants, and art galleries.The service was top notch.  Everyone was very nice and knowledgeable about the wine selection.  They also have a section at the front that has everything from wine glass charms, wine racks, and wine glasses to spicy pickles and candle holders.  There are two and four top tables with some couches and bar seating as well.  There is also a large patio with a lot of umbrella shaded seating.     Unbeknownst to us, UWW hired a new chef in July 2012.  After our meal the chef came out to ask us what we thought of the food.  We then found out that he has worked in many restaurants in Napa County California and recently moved to Oklahoma.  He also told us that he tries to focus on seasonal, fresh, and locally sourced ingredients.  His culinary skills and focus are very evident in the flavors and variety of dishes.           We started with the roasted garlic and the asparagus with prosciutto and egg appetizers.  Both were well prepared and presented very nicely.  The garlic was perfectly roasted and very flavorful.  The roasted garlic is served with crostinis.    In regards to the asparagus, too many untrained chefs tend to over-cook it and it comes out as limp as a linguini noodle.  Not here, the asparagus was cooked perfectly and had great texture.  The asparagus was wrapped in prosciutto and topped with a sunny-side up egg.  What a great combination!For our entree, we had the balsamic glazed roasted chicken.  It was served on a bed of wilted arugula and a seared potato round.  The potato round is basically chunky mashed potatoes with cream, garlic, and spices which is then seared in a ring form.  Other choices on the menu included steak tips with a wine sauce, a salmon salad, and many other dishes that sounded equally delicious.  The chef noted that the menu will continually change and always have a variety of proteins and locally sourced ingredients.I recommend that you try this place.  It is a great place for a date or a night out with friends.  I also want to try it for lunch.  The lunch menu had some great items.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,12/24/2012,89,245,1,5,3>Perfection! The beautiful lime green walls are accented by whimsical brown wooden script and symbols, there are sleek and comfy black lounge chairs and couches as well as tables, outlets, and free wi-fi. The drink menu is out of this world with items like frozen japanese green tea, chocolate mint cream blend, blueberry black tea, and really anything you want in it from jellies to boba to beans and puddings. We got the peach tea and it was delish - really clean, fresh and sweet. The music and sound level isn't too loud, but just opening and it is already a very happening place, so it is good to study. Going on the Study List, check! Everything is modern, yet warm and cozy, and the bathrooms are nice as well. What an awesome new opening, you should come and check it out because it is really cozy and this will become a much-needed staple in the OKC asian district.Shoot - and I almost forgot! Great hours. They are open until 10pm or 11 pm every single night - even Sundays!!!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,12/23/2012,40,58,,4,1>This tiny rib shack is a very nice establishment. It is part of a chain known as Van's Pig Stand, the main restaurant is in Shawnee, OK (which I have been to and is a little bigger). This particular one in Moore, OK is a nice little place. Although I have not tried the entire menu I can definently speak to the Rib Dinners, I usually get a Rib Dinner with fried Okra and curly fries, it also comes with Texas toast. The meat off the ribs is very good, you have at every table barbecue sauce to use on the ribs and tastes very good as well. Curly fries and fried okra is good as well.The place itself is rather tiny, has a small dinning area, also if you are on the go it gots a drive thru. Price range is in the $8-12 range. If your in the mood for decently priced BBQ, check out Van's Pig Stand! You wont regret it!
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,12/22/2012,52,81,,5,2>Once again HSRG hits a home run with UPPER CRUST! We eat here a lot and I have never been disappointed in the food or service. The Psycho Shroom is by far my most favorite pizza in OKC! Try it, if you like mushrooms, you will not hate me. And the Farmers Market salad.. try it with feta instead of blue cheese.. the blue cheese tends to overtake the flavor of this amazing salad! The salad dressing is light and super flavorful.. I'm begging for the recipe.Oh.. and if you dare to save room.. which most of the time I don't unless I am with a large group that will help me out with a dessert.. then I will order the Cookie Pie. You might hate me after introducing you to this.. It's that GOOD! Sometimes there is a wait.. so be prepared but it is definitely worth it!
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,5/22/2013,31,66,,1,1>This is one of those place I wish was open on Sunday for that hangover cure.  I definitely don't ever eat hot dogs but this place serves up a falafel dog in place of their regular meat dogs on any of their menu items.  I always get the Apollo dog that comes with yogurt sauce and feta and olives.  It is to die for.  We usually ordered fries too with the truffle aioli.  Delish!  And you can chase it all down with a cold bottle of beer!  So tasty.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,5/21/2013,12,49,,1,1>I've been to Deep Fork several times over a few years and each time it has been very good. This most recent time was for my anniversary and they gave us a private table, which was nice. The service, as always, was friendly and attentive. The amuse bouche is the same it has been for years, which is slightly disappointing for a chef, but it is tasty. The Caesar salad I had was good, but a little over dressed. The wedge salad my husband had was delicious. The server was very helpful in my wine selection and brought me a couple tastes. The duck I had was some of the best I've ever tasted. I would caution that their ideas on temps (at least for duck) are a little under mine, so you may want to ask what med-rare means to them. The steak my husband had was perfectly seasoned and cooked. The sides were delicious, although we both thought the risotto actually had too much cheese in it. They were so nice to give us free dessert for our anniversary and the chocolate mousse pie was so delicious. Perfect for summer. The after dinner drink they made us made me want to lick the glass too. It was something like a brandy Alexander.I really do love Deep Fork and of course suggest it to others. I'm just hoping they'll make a few new tweaks to their food soon since it's beginning to become old news.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,5/20/2013,52,81,,3,1>Although I'm not a sweet eater most of the time... if someone tells me Green Goodies are around I jump at the chance to have one! These cupcakes are fantastic!!The icing is fresh tasting unlike other cupcake vendors in town, there isn't a heaping portion that overpowers the actual flavor of the cupcake. Ingredients are key and the variety of Gluten-Free to Vegan provides picky eaters a great selection!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,5/19/2013,16,43,4,8,4>S&B Burger Joint takes over the old Coaches in Norman, thank goodness!I have only tried a couple of different burgers from S&B in OKC, but my favorite so far is "The Fire" with roasted green chiles and spicy ranch. It is truly a great burger.  Having an S&B in Norman now is going to be awesome, Main Street needs more restaurants like this.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,5/18/2013,14,21,,2,1>Appetizers alone would fill me up!  Fresh Wedge bread and hummus, meatballs, and marinated mozzarella salad!  Favorite pizza - Truffle Shuffle!  Very generous portions so bring someone to share all the good food with!  Service has always been wonderful and location is perfect before Thunder games or pretty much anything else Downtown.  Also, must love BOGO pizza night on Mondays with the Local card.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,5/17/2013,5,99,3,3,2>Undecided about where to go for lunch? Need to grab some hard-to-find grocery items during your lunch break but don't think you'll have the time? You're in luck! Take a trip to Med. imports and deli and you can simultaneously tell that grumbling stomach to shut up AND pick up some grape leaves and/or tahini at the same time. Yes, I'm aware that I might sound like a salesman from a Shamwow infomercial right now, so please forgive me, I just get oh-so-excited to find specialty grocers in the metro because our grocery store choices aren't as diverse as I'd like... but maybe that's just me. Don't go here hoping to pick up every last item on your shopping list - it's a specialty grocer. They do have a small selection of everything from various regions around the world: specialty jams, beans, herbs and spices, olives, pastas, sweets, some frozen selections and even shisha for your hookah (smoking is bad, mmmkay?). Their selection of gourmet deli meats and cheeses is spectacular. A good rule of thumb is just to pick something you've never tried and go with it.The lunch menu isn't huge by any means, but they've got a good balance of traditional Mediterranean specialties, premium deli sandwiches, as well as all of their homemade soups and desserts. I'd recommend a platter: combo / middle eastern / vegetarian - to get a small taste of everything including their hummus, grape leaves, falafel, tabouli, and kibbi to name a few. It's all pretty good, though I've certainly had better falafel (CousCous Cafe).  The gyro is a good option as well. I haven't gotten a chance to try any of the sandwiches because I always have such a hard time making up my mind - so the platters are really perfect for me, but they look absolutely delicious. Mark my words: next time I go - I WILL order the Italian sandwich. With mortadella, provolone, salami and capicola... it's bound to be a party. Oh and be sure to try some of their homemade sweets as well, like a bird's nest, baklava, macaroon or a strudel. So what are you waiting for?! Go now! If you go in the next 30 minutes, we may even throw in a complimentary Shamwow (and by complimentary we mean 7 easy payments of 99.99, plus S&H).Overall Grade: B+
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,5/16/2013,89,245,3,3,4>Incredibly delish! Yes, I'm mostly a vegan girl, but today I was looking to beef it up with a healthy delicious burger and Norman was calling me. Specifically, Hastings was calling me (to study there - I must write review!) and lo, and behold, Local is in the same shopping center. Why thank you, I will. And I did. So this place is Classen Curve upscale. As I walked in with my grad school flair (also described sometimes as 'homeless chic'), I was instantly enchanted. This is so a place for a fancy date or a lunch with those people who dress nice and laugh in a really cool way. But, standing in the lobby that signaled to me I was underdressed, I told the über pretty lavender-haired hostess (lavender in the sexy way, not the Nanna way) girl it was "just me." I needed iron. In the form of juicy cow. So fancy lounge/bar area for me. I was so rugged, yet the hot Lisa Loeb with Rapunzel red hair bartender was so nice even though I just got water. lovez.The burger was so incredibly good. It was the best one I've ever had in my life. I wanted to only eat half. But I could not. It was like crack. If I really liked crack. So I ate it all. And everyone was super nice to me. And next time I'm going to come and look/roam around so I can comment on the snazzy decor/atmosphere as any excellent review requires. Next time I'll bring nice clothes (on my body) and peoples.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,5/15/2013,210,90,,2,4>This. Place.Not only are the proprietors the nicest ever, the prices of the delicious food are awesome.Vegetarians, have your pick! There's a whole section for platter combinations to accommodate all your meat-free needs. Try the zaolook if you've not. It's an eggplant puree of sorts. SO good.If you have time, eat in and get the house tea. It doesn't need sugar, so don't add it!Overall all, it's  a bunch of really nice people serving really amazing food. Also, the desserts are the business. All of them.Overall, I've been to this spot a lot, and it's always consistently delicious. I've never had a bad experience or something I didn't like eating. I really can't say enough about this hidden gem.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,5/14/2013,56,175,,4,3>1492 is a delicious Latin cuisine restaurant in the Midtown area. They get pretty busy so I would recommend reservations. They offer a menu that has traditional Tex-Mex food but they also offer extensive authentic Latin cuisine. They have some pretty delicious fish tacos, a fish stew, traditional pork items, fried plantains, fried yucca that resemble shoestring french fries, and my favorite which is the seafood enchiladas. The seafood enchiladas is a mix of lobster, fish, crab, and shrimp rolled in a tortilla and topped with a basil cream sauce. It comes with a order of rice and beans. 1492 offers black beans as well as several kinds of rices such as cilantro rice and coconut rice, which is my favorite. I have also tried their fish tacos which are grilled and topped with purple cabbage. It is not traditional Baja style fried fish but is still very tasty and flavorful. Im also haunted with the memory of a lamb chop special that they had one time which was served with a smoked Gouda mac & cheese. Mmmmmm, it was delicious! 1492 serves complimentary chips and a pretty spicy salsa at the beginning of your meal. They also have a fantastic drink menu with some very tasty cocktails, such as margaritas including specialty house margaritas and my very favorite which is a frozen Mojito. I believe they have happy hour specials in the bar area for discounts on food and drinks, but I would call and head to doublecheck. This is in a fantastic location and I have never been disappointed with the food. Like I mentioned before, they can get a little bit busy so expect a bit of a wait for freshly made food. The service is typically good, although I think that they could invest in having a more available hostess. Many times I have gone and the hostess has not been at the hostess stand; instead she is busy clearing tables, bringing people drinks, etc. However, I like that the managers are readily available on the floor. 1492 is definitely an interesting and unique latin restaurant for the Oklahoma City area, it's nice to have something a little different than Tex-Mex!
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,5/13/2013,52,137,1,3,2>I was glad to see Sara Sara opened up a new location in Edmond since the downtown location wasn't very convenient. My wife loves cupcakes so thanks to Sara Sara for allowing me to make my wife even happier than she already is. I haven't tried all of their cupcakes yet, but I'm working on it. The cupcakes are a little pricey, but they're fairly large and extremely good. Great place to take a date for some dessert or to pickup some to take home. By the way, if you drive a large vehicle, avoid the back parking lot.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,3/2/2013,41,7,4,5,3>My fiancée and I ate here for the first time on Saturday.  Like everyone else, we REALLY wanted to hate it.  And, like everyone else, our hatred simply wasn't meant to be.  There were a couple of hiccups, but for the most part Vast is everything it claims to be: stunning views and fine cuisine.  We booked our reservation several months ago to ensure we'd have it locked down for the post V-Day weekend.  When I spoke with them, I specifically asked for a seat with a view.  However, when we were seated it was in a booth that was as far away from a window as you can be in a circular room.  Almost comically so.  I (very nicely) brought it to our hostess's attention that I had made our reservations in OCTOBER and had requested a window seat at the time.  She was very apologetic and got her manager.  I then explained the situation to the manager who told us they could accommodate us, but we might have to wait 30 minutes to an hour.  This was fine, since we thought our reservation wasn't for another 30 minutes anyway.  We waited at the bar and only had time to order one drink (not even pound it) before the bartender told us our table was ready.  I'd just like to point out, that while our original table was the Vast equivalent of being seated by the bathroom at Chili's, our final table was phenomenal!  We were treated to an amuse-bouche (complimentary mini appetizer from the chef) of crab.  This was the second (and final) hiccup in our evening.  To me, it was just "meh".  It basically tasted like someone served us canned tuna with a dash of Louisiana hot sauce.  But, redemption thy name is "quail"!  Our actual appetizer could not have been better.  I've had quail many times in many different ways and never has it tasted so incredible!  Plan on getting about 1  1/2 breasts a piece if there are two of you.  For our entrees, I had the special (lobster and prawns with carrots and turnips) and my fiancée had the porcini dusted filet.  We totally went the tacky route and tried a couple of bites of each other's, so I can say with confidence that both were top notch.  For dessert, we had the banana fried pie, which is basically their version of bananas foster.  It was very rich and delicious and because the portion sizes for the entrees are appropriate, you actually have room for it in the end.  I would recommend to the casual diner that you creep the menu before you go and Google any words you don't recognize.  Better to look ignorant of fancy cuisine to your internet provider than to your waiter/waitress, I suppose.  All-in-all, we really enjoyed our first trip to Vast.  We'll be back...when we can afford it...in three years.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,3/1/2013,26,33,2,2,2>This might be the best Mexican restaurant in OKC hands down! My boyfriend and I found this place this afternoon on yelp while looking for a new place to try for dinner. We were not disappointed! We started with salsa, queso, and chips. The salsa was tasty and not your average salsa. We requested tortillas and relish like you can order at most Mexican restaurants in Oklahoma. I ordered the JR's Special, which was mentioned in a few reviews. It was a combination of shrimp, beef, and chicken along with onions, jalapeños, and melted cheese. It also came with beans, rice, sour cream, and guacamole. This dish had fantastic flavor. My boyfriend went with the chicken chimichanga with sour cream sauce. This is his go to meal when we get Mexican, so he's had a lot of chimichangas in his life. He says it's the best one he's ever had! We finished the meal with sopapillas. If you're into Mexican food Diego's is a must!
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,2/28/2013,104,71,4,7,4>On one hand, its not the Royal Bavaria.On the other hand, I can ride my bike here.Gorgeous blonde wood covers most of this heavily transformed space on old Main st., as I would expect from the proprietor of the Royal Bavaria- a genuine Bavarian farmhouse nestled near, uh, Moore, Oklahoma, believe it or not.The vegetarian options are few, unless pretzels count.  I don't care though.  Pretzels are enough.  And the beer.  In fact, I only took one star off because the mustard is for babies.  You're gonna bring Belgian wit bieren, katroffel fries, spatzel und wurst aber nicht no bleepin' horseradish in my mustard?!  That's cold,  broenheimen.That being poorly said, their brewmaster is no slouch, and every beer they brew is very good.  There's 4 or 5 that range from bright, crisp whites to mellow, toasty ambers.  The menu, while inherently German, is heavily American, and striving to be a concept in itself rather than just "a smaller Royal Bavaria."  This is the only explanation I can think of for there being a shrimp cocktail on the menu...Like I say about every other place that opens up on old Main st that people can actually patronize: A welcome addition.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,2/27/2013,76,18,1,4,2>As a young professional looking for cheap, swanky eats, FLINT hits all the right spots. It can be on the pricey end of the spectrum, but for ambiance, experience and downright classy food it's my go-to joint.Brunch at FLINT is a must. For the weary kind, try the Espresso Patron. Rumor has it this martini is 3 parts italian (for real) espresso, 1 part Patron, 1 part Nutella (it works, I promise) and all parts pick-me-way-up. It runs about $7, and one ought to do you.Drinks after work can be accompanied by some stellar pub food. Order the chicken sticks. They're fried in truffle oil and taste so rich, you'll swear you'll need someone else to pick up the tab.The service is always spectacular, and please admire any restaurant that allows you to see into their kitchen like they do.Whether it be a night on the town or a place to hunker down on the weekend, there's no place finer than FLINT.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2012,2/26/2013,31,66,,3,3>This cupcake shop combines magic and passion.  All the cookies are perfectly chewy, sweet and salty.  All of the cupcakes are stunning but my absolute favorite is her strawberry, super moist cake with a cream cheese filling and a vanilla buttercream swirled on top.  Gaby also does spectacular custom cakes and wedding cakes.Def the best in the west!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,2/25/2013,12,49,,3,1>Don't let the location and exterior fool you; Local is a great addition to the Norman culinary scene.  Their happy hour food options are great with $3 small plates, though the drink specials need work.  They offer a great selection of local beers and have a very creative cocktail list though.  As for the menu, it's very well done.  I love the daily risotto and ravioli specials, and often these are vegan options.  The lunch menu is also very well done.  The salad options are especially fantastic.I would definitely recommend trying Local for lunch, happy hour, and dinner.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,2/24/2013,31,63,2,4,3>The exclusive place for Warby Parker eye-wear in OKC! Popped in the other day for a preemptive strike before my next eye appointment. My computer glasses just aren't cutting it and I am pretty sure I'll need full time glasses. So I thought I would check out the WP collection at Shop Good. I was frustrated by the large assortment of specs in a good way!  The nice gentleman was very helpful and patient with me and gave me a good honest opinion of what models work on me. No contacts for this guy...If i need ocular assistance I want to do it right with some geek-chic glasses! I picked a few models and made a list and am very excited to order something...Just gotta wait til March to get into the eye doc to hopefully give me the good news that my eyes aren't what they used to be! While trying to decide which goggles I looked least dorky in, I perused their awesome assortment of clothes and jewelry and unique offerings. I need to get down here more often and even if my eyes check out, I can still order Warby sunglasses while still feeling good about keeping it local.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,2/23/2013,56,175,,3,1>Cafe Bella is a locally owned coffee shop on the south side of OKC. It sits in the "asian district of south OKC"; a shopping center at SW 89th and Penn. The ambiance of the shop is nice, with several tables and a couch, although the last time I was in I found their loud, Christian music to be distracting and a bit imposing. They offer traditional flavored coffees, espresso and lattes. They also offer several specialty flavors of lattes, such as s'mores, grasshopper, almond joy, etc. If you are a tea drinker, they offer a nice selection of loose leaf teas (price per oz varies per tea), as well as organic bags of tea. A unique thing about Cafe Bella is they also offer traditional vietnamese Boba/bubble tea. They have several flavors of teas and smoothies with the tapioca balls in it. I typically order the coffee drinks, but my friends who order the boba teas really like them. I believe they offer pastries and a limited menu of sandwiches and soups as well, but I have never ordered them. I do think the prices are a bit high, depending on what you order, but the quality is good. The barista staff is knowledgeable and helpful about making recommendations. The speciality drinks are hand crafted, and unlike corporate chains who have a time quota, the drinks are made with care; which means you may have to wait a few minutes longer than you would at a corporate chain. It is worth it.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,2/22/2013,26,51,1,4,1>I've bee to Ingrid's a few times. Most recently, I was searching for a cupcake on New Year's Eve. Ingrid's was just the place to satisfy my cupcake craving. I ordered the Chocolate Decadence cupcake for 2.95, and my friend went with the carrot cake. I was a bigger fan of the carrot cake, especially the icing, which was lemon and butter cream flavored. My previous visit to Ingrid's, I order the smoked salmon, and cream cheese bagel sandwich, with capers. As I write this review, I'm looking at my car keys, considering another visit to Ingrids today.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2012,2/21/2013,292,440,,5,1>Definitely a rocking cajun hotspot in suburb-land Edmond. Bighead's offers tantalizing cajun flavors, like jambalaya, crawfish etouffee, and catfish. They also have some exotic stuff like fried alligator! I had to try the alligator and although the novelty is awesome, it kinda just tastes like chicken, but it is really good. For $11.99, it's not worth it the second time. However, the jambalaya is another story, this $8.99 dinner entree will fill you up and you might even have some left over. Seasoned well and spicy but not too spicy, the jambalaya was amazing. The amount of seafood and sausage you get is great too for carnivores like me. The atmosphere is very diner style, you go up place your order and then come get your food when they call your number. It's a place where I could see myself popping in for lunch break with some of my coworkers, but not someplace where I would bring a first date. The service is super friendly and answered all my questions kindly. Conclusion: Recommended- Reasonable prices ($7-$11 per meal per person)- Good cajun food- Exotic options! like alligator!- Fast, diner style restaurant
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,4/30/2014,23,24,3,6,4>In the sunny state of Oklahoma, there is often some confusion between "Mexican food" and "Tex-Mex." While La Catrina does have many dishes that would satisfy one's Tex-Mex cravings, this is a restaurant geared much more toward traditional Mexican food. For that reason, I recommend trying La Catrina for a Mexican food experience that's a bit different than the dime-a-dozen Tex-Mex restaurants. The set up comes with chips, salsa, queso, tortillas and relish, but with these portion sizes, you'll wish you hadn't filled up on chips!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,4/29/2014,15,79,,5,2>@Pizza23OKC is one of my regular lunch spots. They offer a lunch special for $10 that includes a salad, personal pizza and a drink. They make their pizza fresh and the crust is outstanding. The pizzas are unique, my favorite is the Blue Burger pizza with blue cheese and avocado on top. Their salads are always fresh and really, really good! Pizza23 can be hard to see when cruising down 23rd Street but there is plenty of parking and they have a nice patio. Try it, you won't be disappointed!
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,4/28/2014,81,6,1,9,5>As a two time visitor to Kenya, I was near passing out excitement level when I heard there was FINALLY a Kenyan restaurant in Oklahoma City! Nothing against Ethiopian food, but we've been made to get by with injera when all I really wanted was chapati for years!I can't say that this was the best Kenyan food I've ever had, but it was a solid representation. I had the beef stew and chapati with kachumbari and avocado salad, while my partner had ndengu with chapati (basically a bean dish with tortillas.) Everything was good, although the chapati definitely had been made in advance.All in all, solid first Kenyan experience for Oklahoma. And bonus - if you DO want Ethiopian, they have that too! Lots of options.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,4/27/2014,30,63,,4,3>I'm a little surprised by the reviews. I think in the raw has some of the freshest sushi around town, but it is a little pricey. Then again I'm a firm believer that you get what you pay for with sushi. They also have excellent fried rice, although I've never tried anything other than it and their sushi. I've probably had every roll on the menu and each is very fresh, and made quickly. The rolls are average sized (8-10 pieces) with a large variety of selection. They have a nice drink selection, and the service is always fast and friendly. If you would like to try it for a more reasonable price, I suggest going for their lunch specials. The rolls are the exact same, but they always have 4 or 5 that are discounted for lunch, as well as bento boxes, and great deals on their fried rice ($6 for a serving size you could probably eat 2-3 times)
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,4/26/2014,35,104,2,6,5>I have a deep love for this bar. We have a long history that includes but is not limited to many Wednesday nights, being on a first name basis with the managers, birthdays, St Pattys day (need I say more), and bagpipes. The food is really good pub food and the beer selection is awesome. If you can't find something to drink here you are too picky! The prices can be a little steep for the specialty beers, but they are specialty beers. The staff mostly pretty awesome! Sometimes you get a dud, but for the most part everyone is awesome! One of my best friends is a guy that I met here. He would wait on me and used to sit at my table and talk me into trying new beers and now we are great friends! I haven't been going as regularly since I no longer work down the street, but I think it is time to start coming by more!
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,4/25/2014,33,58,3,11,7>It is surprising that I tried eating at place the first week it was open because I usually prefer to give them a little time to work the kinks out.  The reason I deviated from my normal practice was because my work day had been far from normal.  I will spare you the gory details but let me just tell you there was intense pressure, high stress and extreme time-sensitivity involved!  I was unable to reach a good stopping point to go to lunch until 3:35.  Yes, I said lunch at 3:35.  By that time my head was splitting, I was starving (lunch is my big meal of the day) and I seriously needed a break.  I also needed a place within walking distance of my office (so I could get some exercise and clear my head) that was still open and serving decent food at that odd hour.Luckily I remembered hearing that Urban Johnnie had opened this week.  They are located on the ground floor of Level Apartments in Deep Deuce.  I found their website, printed a menu and wrote down their phone number.  Reviewing the menu, I quickly decided that the Grilled Salmon entrée was just what I needed.  To save time, I called in my order so they could be fixing it while I was walking over there.  That would give me more time to relax with my meal before heading back to the grindstone.  Sara is the person who took my phone order and she was just the first of the many nice people I dealt with at Urban Johnnie.I received great service.  That doesn't always happen for one person, especially a woman, dining alone.  They did all the right things to expedite my getting out on time.  Even better than the great service was my grilled salmon entrée.  It was just the right size for lunch and it was delicious!  The grilled salmon fillet was served on top of angel hair pasta that was mixed with spinach, roasted garlic, and balsamic vinaigrette.  The flavor was wonderful.  I love good fish and try to eat healthy at least most of the time so this was a win-win!Before I went to lunch I had checked on my computer to see if they participated in the KeepItLocal program and was surprised to see that they already did.  The award listed online was for a Free homemade caramel toffee popcorn (one of their desserts) with the purchase of an entrée.  Now, I didn't need dessert but figured I could share it at work or take it home for my husband because it sounded good and was free.  My waitress saw my KeepItLocal card and told me they didn't participate.  I told her that I had seen it online before I left my office.  She went to talk to the manager.  I then checked the KeepItLocal app on my cell phone and they weren't listed there yet.  The manager stopped by to talk to me and said they would give me the free caramel toffee popcorn but that they were actually changing the reward to be a 15% off discount.  She said that due to peanut allergies, there would be people who couldn't get the popcorn and they wanted to offer a reward that would benefit more people.  That's a nice attitude for a business to have.  I told her that I didn't actually need dessert and would prefer the discount on my meal anyway so I think I became the first recipient of their 15% KeepItLocal discount.All too soon it was time for me to head back to work.  After having a nice break with delicious food and great service,  I was in much better shape to make it through the rest of my extremely long and grueling work day.  I am sure I will be back, just hopefully on a less stressful day!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,4/24/2014,47,154,3,8,6>This place = AMAZING! Here's why...The Missus and I got up here around 6ish on a Tuesday night and were seated as soon as we got in the door. Also, I have no complaints about parking as I got a spot right in front of Iron Starr and noticed that there were 4-5 more open spots in the lot. (However, I can see how this would be a problem on the weekends, as there are only a dozen or so spots to park in.)Anywho, once we were seated, I began to look over the menu and was surprised to see such a nice selection of appetizers, sides, sandwiches, and drinks. I eventually decided to have the BBQ club with the fancy mac n' cheese and fried okra. I also decided to add one of my favorite local beers, the COOP Gran Sport Porter, to complete my order.The food arrived not long after receiving my first beer, which was about 15 minutes. Everything looked exactly how I would picture it...except the fried okra. Usually, a place will cut the okra into pieces and fry it. Not Iron Starr, though. They took the whole damn piece and threw it in the fryer...and I loved it! It was different and the taste was there! The fancy mac n' cheese was also a little different. No small macaroni shells or orange cheese. Instead, long shells with white cheese were used...and although I was hesitant at first...after the first bite, I was trying not to eat all of the mac n' cheese first.As for the BBQ club...it surpassed my expectations. I ordered it, because I thought that combining turkey, brisket, and bacon on a sandwich would be a tad bit difficult, especially with regards to cooking each meat properly. Well, the turkey wasn't dry, the brisket wasn't overly greasy, and the bacon wasn't crunchy/brittle. Every single meat was cooked perfectly and full of flavor. Put all of those in a sandwich and BAM, mouth orgasm! It might just be the best sandwich I've ever eaten, and certainly the best BBQ sandwich I've eaten. I was thoroughly satisfied! Also, I LOVE their bbq sauce. It's not the traditional "smokey" flavor that most American bbq sauces have. It's more of a sweet and tangy sauce, which is how I like my bbq sauce. *Iron Starr has the best music selection of any restaurant I've ever been to. For a BBQ place, you'd expect Toby Keith or similar music. To my surprise, they played indie music, including Modest Mouse, Empire of the Sun, and The XX. If you like indie music as much as I do, then you'll love Iron Starr's music selection.*
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,4/23/2014,5,99,5,4,4>I often find myself forgetting to review some of the places that I tend to frequent. It's not so much that I'm selfish and I don't want you to know about said place (but I am, and I don't), it's more of the assumption that if I'm already there at least once (or more) a week, the review should really write itself. It should be a "goes without saying" type-of-thing. Unfortunately for you, that's not the case, and I'm fully aware that it's nearly impossible to know how good a restaurant is until I tell you my opinion. So that is why, with a heavy heart, I must apologize to you for not writing this review sooner. So here it is:This place is definitely terrible. If I didn't love this place so much, I'd probably hate it. Definitely don't order an ice cold beer from this place. Sure... it'll probably be delicious and refreshing, but do you really need to be drinking at noon on a Wednesday? I mean with such a great beer selection, Empire is pretty much forcing you to think that you might want to drink an ice cold beer. Yeah. Can you say inception? Well, not gonna work on me Empire! I mean sure... I'll typically order an ice cold Stiegl or three, but only because I want to, not because Empire wants me to. But enough about the delicious ice cold beer selection that you definitely shouldn't peruse, because I really want to tell you about a few of the pizzas that you definitely shouldn't ever order either: All of them. I mean yeah, it's one thing to make delicious New York style pizza with perfectly crispy yet somehow still doughy crust and plenty of delicious toppings... but if we wanted that, we'd just run to New York, ok Empire? I mean yeah, the bell peppers, onions, spinach, poblanos, and kalamata olives that come on the Captain Planet might taste friggin' fantastic, but do you really want to eat a pizza named after one of the 90's most iconic cartoons about recycling? Pffft, not me, that's for sure. I mean yeah, I order it almost every time, but only because it tastes really good. If I were you though, I would definitely steer clear of the Fungus Among Us pizza. I mean portobellos, shiitakes, AND button mushrooms with spinach and truffle oil? Why would anyone want to eat a pizza with three varieties of mushrooms on there? Make up your mind already Empire! I mean sure, it tastes amazing and it's a great combination of ingredients, but I like my restaurants to be more decisive. Oh and while you're at it, you might be tempted by the delicious asiago, chicken, bacon, jalapeno, marinara and sriracha drizzle that comes on the Foghorn Leghorn, but did we learn nothing from the Captain Planet? Are you even old enough to know who Foghorn Leghorn is? (if not - take my section about not ordering the beer seriously.) And what about the Evil Empire? Spicy marinara, mozzarella cheese, jalapenos, poblanos, serranos, and cherry peppers. I mean, what are we supposed to do if we don't like really spicy things Empire? Order one of your many other delicious pizzas?! Yeah, you'd like that, wouldn't you Empire? Well too bad for you; I like spicy, and I've eaten the Evil Empire... and I enjoyed it. What now Empire? What now?So there you have it - clearly Empire is terrible and there is basically not one good thing I can say about it. I mean sure, if you like warm fuzzy feelings of nostalgia about your childhood and perfectly cooked New York style pizza slices bigger than your head, sure - that's one thing, but for everyone else... keep the delicious pizza and ice cold beer to yourself Empire!Overall Grade: A (but only because it's really good)
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,4/22/2014,9,31,3,8,4>First time dining in. I like the atmosphere at ninjha. it reminds me of the sushi restaurants in Japan. The cashier was nice and our order was brought to us within five minutes of ordering. I had the rainbow roll and spicy tuna roll.  My wife had the sweet and sour chicken wok. We were both pleased with our order. not sure why folks say it is not good though...you're paying very little for a cuisine that shouldn't exist in the Midwest.  lets not be too harsh and embrace what we have here. enjoy your meal :)
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,4/21/2014,83,76,2,6,3>They are now re-open again with same owners. Their shop's ceiling felt down during the storm last summer. Their landlord didn't fix up the building until recently. So they had to close down their shop for 6 months. Poor them! Now they have to re-build from scratch. Their roasted duck is even better now. Amazing! You should try their dessert. Inexpensive but oh-so-good. I hope their business will last because they do make good food and dessert. But their shop does look lack of selection and variety , which ain't attractive.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2012,6/11/2013,44,137,2,2,2>I'm pretty sure the world would be a better place if I could go back more often. But then again I'd be too big to fit through the front door. We usually go in for Saturday morning breakfast and stick around till the old man band starts up. The place is full of locals and old people like crazy, but not "crazy old people." You quickly realize they're the cool kids in the room and you're just there to watch how it's done. Go for the German breakfast sandwich and don't forget the snicker doodle cookies.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,6/10/2013,34,278,,4,4>We have only been here once but we were so pleased to find another cool art spot in OKC.  We attended one of their annual events and left thoroughly entertained, wide eyed, and full of laughter!The art was of an adult nature and was done in a super tasteful way that brought in people that would normally shy away.  I found a few I would have loved to have hanging in our home!I highly recommend following this spot for upcoming events, I do not thing you will be disappointed.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,6/9/2013,40,73,,2,5>Great selection of name brands. From surfer brands like Roxy, to mountain brands like North Face, you'll be set at Metroshoe Warehouse! They have a ton of unique Thunder stuff (including some sky high heels) that will outfit the superfan from head to toe!I was shopping for some new running shoes, and was lucky and found some on sale! Only downside to buying something on sale is that you can't return it. I didn't ask for any salesperson's help, but there were plenty around to ask for assistance!
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,6/8/2013,239,335,,3,3>I was so pleased with my first visit here! I have lived a mile away from here since it opened, but never went until I got a Groupon to purchase some teas and I was very happy with everything here. The barista was friendly and super helpful. I am pretty new to teas and she didn't make me feel stupid like some places do when you aren't familiar with their products! It was a great experience and I will definitely be a returning customer. So many choices of brews to try!
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,6/7/2013,357,648,4,8,3>I drove by for dinner on a Tuesday night and it was empty. That scared me off right away. Mind you, I'm generally not afraid to try new things, but I wasn't in the mood to be disappointed that night. I was looking for a pick-me-upper! I honestly wasn't expecting awesomeness the day I went for lunch, but was pleasantly surprised by the decor and the menu. There is a very attractive piece of art with black and white koi fish that I loved. It had little bits of color to, if I remembered correctly. The food- ummm yummy! My co-workers ordered bento boxes and I ordered sushi. From the looks of it, the tempura was legit. It's coating looks like the typical tempura yellowy batter, not the normal run of the mill fried stuff you'd expect to see at a AYCE buffet or Western Sizzlin'. I'm not knocking how these establishments cook their fried stuff, I'm just stating that that style has no place in a Japanese style restaurant, ya feel me? :)So, I actually ordered a vegetarian sushi roll and a salmon skin salad, but I think the person who took my order mistakenly thought I wanted the salmon skin roll. I'm not complaining because it was pretty delicious and a happy blessing in disguise. Ummm, you know, I don't exactly remember the name of my veggie roll, but it consisted of  sweet potato, asparagus and avocado topped with eel sauce. I would have preferred it without sauce, but the rolls were small enough for me to inhale in one bite. I especially like that they have a sushi roll with bacon on it... Which I will have to try next time. Oh yes, there will be a next time.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,6/6/2013,443,449,12,8,8>I'll admit it. I may have an unnatural obsession with this place. So much so that I forgive them of some minor shortcomings; halo effect, they call it. I love me some Jesus coffee. Or coffee Jesus?As I've mentioned in my previous review, one of them (Daniel) is a friend (from before he started working there). He's also (IMHO) one of the best baristas there. The others are also great, but Daniel is my barista of choice for reasons other than his friendship: (1) He's careful when making the drinks (unlike a couple of the others who have been kinda inconsistent; more on this below*). His latte artwork is... decent.(2) He's easily the friendliest person in the place at any given moment. Not saying the others aren't friendly. They're all absolutely delightful.The drinks are delicious, dandy, downright delightful. Clayton M. had a bad experience, which I don't doubt; his reviews are on point, and I'm sure his palate is more refined than mine. This place isn't perfect so it wouldn't surprise me if they occasionally have bad tasting coffee. I've never purchased their regular coffee, only the mochas, lattes (ChaiLatteOMG!), and frappés (MintMochaFrappéOMG!). I've been seldom disappointed with my drinks. My brothers who drink a lot of caffeinated beverages think that Credo has some really good brewed coffee. Today, I had a random stranger tell me that I absolutely must try their pour-over brewed coffee. So take all of our advice with a grain of salt and go try it for yourself. If it's your first visit, (usually) they'll give you a drink on the house. This place is interesting enough that it's worth at least one attempt to make up your own mind. I also don't think it's too expensive. A large cup of coffee is $2.00ish. That's a lot cheaper than similar coffee shops (All About Cha, I'm looking at you), although it is more expensive (and smaller) than Starbucks. Today, I had a: "Large Sugar-Free Caramel White Chocolate Mocha Latte." The length of time it takes to say your drink order determines how pretentious you are. It was decent and didn't taste entirely like it had sugar-free syrup so yay for that. *Note: Sometimes, the drinks were sloppy/bad, but it's few and far between. Like out of 30+ visits, I can think of two times where it was meh. So that's like a... 93% satisfaction rate? That's still an A, even if it's a low A that would make every Asian parent out there cringe a little.P.S. KeepItLocalOK discount gets you a size upgrade: Large drink for the price of a Regular. P.P.S. Free wi-fi.P.P.P.S. I promise, they aren't giving me anything for this glowing review. I've paid for everything I've ordered from here.P.P.P.P.S. What the...? Someone took my check-in crown for this place! *shakes fist*
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,6/5/2013,111,61,4,6,3>I love this place. I stick out like crazy here when I walk in with shorts and a tshirt on, but oh well. The staff treats me well and I'm sure my money deposits just as well as someone making five times as much.  The soups are a solid choice, specifically the lobster bisque. The sandwiches are awesome. I love the grilled asparagus and brie panini and get it every time, now. The pizzas are really strong and enough for two people.  Everything I've had has been great. Goat cheese kisses, get them. Fried green tomatoes with jalapeño jelly, yep. Quiche with eggplant, yum.This place is solid and lives in my downtown rotation of great places to hit often.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,6/4/2013,41,399,4,3,5>Trappers doesn't have a very big following on Yelp, but Mrs. Eva and I enjoy eating here. We always get good food and usually the service is excellent. Last night we had an exceptional waiter. We like their Remoulade salad dressing and the onion rings on the salad. Their entrees are always tasty and well prepared. We like it!
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,6/3/2013,77,386,8,8,8>Bear with me on this setup: The best anthropological consensus indicates that approximately 110 billion people have ever lived.  Of that 110 billion, I can say without a doubt that my life today is better than all but 60 million of them (if we're comparing their "peak quality of life" to my current quality of life).*  So I'm in the top 0.1% in terms of historical life awesomeness (not saying I personally am awesome, just that I have an awesome existence).  It's actually much better than 0.1%, but I can't quite do the math to figure out the exact percentage.With this level of life awesomeness, you'll perhaps forgive me if I can report that one of the great sources of tension in my marriage is the disagreement my wife and I have about eastern Mediterranean cuisine.  My culinary horseshoe of love begins in southern Italy, runs up through Rome and Venice, curving northwest through Switzerland and Belgium, brushing France, and catching a lot of the UK and Scotland.  From Scotland, it makes the transatlantic hop to the fisheries of Newfoundland, and proceeds down the Atlantic coast with stops in Boston, the Chesapeake Bay, North Carolina, and the Gulf Coast, before finishing up with some amazing Cajun cooking in New Orleans.  Greek has never really done it for me (sorry, Dr. Papaioannou).  My wife, on the other hand, simply cannot get enough Greek/Turkish/northern African cooking, and it's the sort of good-natured argument that might have to end with one of us being stabbed in the hand with a kabob skewer.Camilya's Mediterranean Cafe might be the first step of the healing process.  We tried a wide variety of dishes, and lo and behold, I enjoyed every single one of them.  This is NOT the terrible, bland, dry lamb and cloying, pasty sauce I remember from years ago!  Falafel had deep, rich flavor; hummus was exceptional, with flavor that kicked in in stages so you had to pause and let it develop on the tongue; stuffed grape leaves were excellent (even better dipped in sauce).My lamb chops were perfectly cooked to a beautiful medium/medium-rare, with vermicelli rice and grilled vegetables.  The only thing I couldn't finish was the baba ghannouj, not because it was bad but because it was simply too rich to finish eating it.  My wife's beef/chicken skewers were also well cooked, though not quite as good as mine (hahaha).  The price was right, as well; this is the best food you can expect for the prices they're charging.On top of that, service was perfect.  The lady (girl? tough to tell age with the hijab, but she was young) was a rock star manager, taking care of the dining room, helping out on the grill, and being unfailingly friendly and welcoming.  It was the best example of restaurant service and management I have seen in a long time, and I heard her speaking at least three languages fluently (English for me, Spanish for some of the kitchen staff, Turkish (I think) with the family).  Beacoup bonus points, oui?So this kind of beat-up looking place in a strip mall on the northwest side might have turned me around on this kind of food.  I have no doubt those more sophisticated could come in and pick this place apart, but I like this here food, and I'm going back.  Plus,if this issue does get settled in my marriage, my essentially perfect life will get even perfecter.  That's no small thing.* I know I don't have to spell this out, but I'll spell it out.  Up until 100 years ago, average world life expectancy was 31 (fine, between 31-40 depending on which crazy-haired scientist you want to believe).  At the very beginning of human history, large animals still had a 50-50 shot of winning when it was time to go hunting.  Later, if you needed a C-section when it was time to give birth (or be born -- we males weren't exempt either), you didn't get surgery, you just died.  Random infectious diseases would kill you for reasons you didn't understand, you'd be lucky to have enough protein to not suffer malnutrition ... in northern Europe, there was no real difference between "scurvy" and "winter."  And even in our modern, enlightened world, I live in the U.S., and that's a whole 'nother level of security, wealth, and opportunity.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,6/2/2013,117,109,2,3,2>The food, as always, was wonderful. They have a really good lunch deal with a personal sized pizza and a salad for about 8 bucks. Use the Yelp check in discount and cut that down a little bit more. I went with the Truffle Shuffle........ Again. Can't get enough of that amazing goodness. Went with the beet salad and was satisfied. The service was a little slow today, which is not the norm. I will be back soon.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,1/30/2014,15,9,,3,2>Some really good fried chicken. I had the brussels sprout salad with a fried chicken breast on top and it was great! Nice serving size and the odd combo of ingredients really works in harmony. My boyfriend had the half chicken and waffles and it was actually enough food to fill him up and have some leftover! We also got a side of fried okra. The aioli was a little under seasoned for me, but since the okra had so much salt on it, it actually balanced out quite nicely. I'd definitely come back. I ordered this to go and I'm disappointed I didn't stay because apparently it was bingo night!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,1/29/2014,104,246,2,8,4>After eating multiple times at the Garage in both Norman and Edmond I decided it was time to give the new location on 122nd and Rockwell a try. Plus, I had been really missing out on their delicious veggie burger. The other two locations I have been to are pretty sports bar(ish) but this one seems excessively so. It is also very open with a large bar and a small section with booths. The counter service wasn't the best just because the woman who took our order wasn't very friendly or helpful but after we sat down, we had wonderful table service from the bartenders!I ordered the classic burger and substituted a garden patty and it was delicious. We also shared an order of their delicious garlic/parm fries with a side of their garlic aioli. I have never been disappointed with food from the garage even though it does seem a little more expensive than other places that have similar food. So for about $10 you can get a burger and fries but the fries are large and should be split between at least two people. Their drinks are pretty reasonably priced. I think I got a COOP Native Amber for about $5. I'm happy to finally have a Garage on the north side even though I probably shouldn't eat here often considering a meal is 12,087 calories. :)
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,1/28/2014,81,105,,8,6>Most, if not all, reviews of Grandad's talk about the weekend crowd.  I like Grandad's for an altogether different reason: on early Sunday evenings, when most everything else has closed in OKC, Grandad's services a quiet handful of chill drifters like me.  Okay, so I'm not a drifter, but I do want a warm, smoke-free (!!!) place to sit rather quietly, grade papers or chat, drink something smooth, and maybe glance up a bit at the games.Though you wouldn't know so from the outside, Chris opens the bar on Sundays at 5. He knows his brews and aims to find something you'll like.   I went in wanting something akin to a Leinenkugel Snowdrift Vanilla Porter and he served up a generous tasting of Mustang's Winter Lager- a most agreeable alternative.  I did want something to nibble along with the brew, and while Chris *kindly* offered me the beef jerky he brought for a snack, I was hoping for some nuts or chips or something a bartender could provide without running a kitchen.  This would be a nice improvement on slower nights when there's nary a food truck in sight and Back Door BBQ is closed.  It was warm and cozy inside despite the freezing temps outside, and I coulda stayed and made myself even cozier in the little living room sitting area, watching Durant play his shorts off (every.single.game.).  Sit your heinie on the couch or recliner, at the bar, or at one of the tables if you're feeling standoffish.  Have a beer.  Cheers.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,1/27/2014,52,81,1,5,4>For a vegetarian this place is great! The Veggie pizza is soooo good and I even get the marinara on the side because I like both the light olive oil sauce that it comes with and the marinara! Not too heavy and the thin crust has just the right crispiness! They also serve breakfast on the weekends and weekdays! Pizza for breakfast.. I'm in!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,1/26/2014,214,465,5,8,9>I made reservations for 9:30pm but the Thunder beat the Celtics so quickly that we got out of the game early. We arrived at 9pm and was seated within 15 mins so I was happy they didn't make us wait til our reservation time. Every employee that I came in contact with was very kind. They all seem genuinely happy to be working at KD's. The interior of the restaurant was beautiful. The decor was modern, the lighting was low, and music was blasting over the speakers. The bar area was awesome. There was a nightclub feel to the place. And you can't miss the ginormous wine room in the back - very cool! Another cool factor is the menus. They have a backlight so you can read it better since the lighting is kept low. Prices are typical for a Bricktown establishment. My chicken fried steak meal cost $16. I thought it was very good. The portions are big so I had leftovers to take home. Color me impressed, KD's. I wasn't sure what to expect but I give this place two thumbs up!
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,1/25/2014,62,149,,4,2>This is the ideal place to go for some drinks by the water. Honestly, before coming here, people would talk about the "lake" and I just thought it was this little lake. I mean, who would have thought Oklahoma had this gorgeous lake?? So I came here for the first time with my parents over the Christmas holidays. We got here around 5 pm, just in time for the most beautiful sunset. We had some cocktails and appetizers and then went home for dinner. We shared the fried calamari, cast iron cornbread and their shrimp special - it was kind of like wings, except it was shrimp. They were BBQed and then came with a side of bleu cheese. It was awesome! My mom had their margarita, which she said was a bit too sweet, but she drinks straight up vodka, so I think anything other than vodka would be too sweet. I had a perfect manhattan, which was absolutely delicious.  Some drinks with a gorgeous sunset, and the warmth of the fire pits...I'll definitely be coming back again...can't wait for it to warm up so I can go have some drinks on their patio.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,1/24/2014,20,38,,4,2>I have been going to the this Health Food Center since I was a kid. I started going in with my mom and now I get to take my kids! First of all my husband and I have chose to live a more natural organic lifestyle so this place is perfect for us. We use essential oils for an alternative to western meds when we can and the Health Food Center has all kinds of oils. I really enjoy buying organic Earth Best squeezable baby food from here, they are about .25 cheaper than target or Crest. They have a huge variety of vitamins, coconut oils, all natural laundry detergent, shampoos and conditioners, grass fed beef, organic produce, snacks, and chlorine free diapers, even a small selection of cloth diapers!  The staff here is always helpful and VERY knowledgeable. Lastly, lets not forget about the juice bar they have, my favorite drink from there is the cucumber cooler(cucumbers, parsley, green apples, and lemons), the coconut hut also serves buffalo chili and smoothies. I wish this part of the Health Food Center didn't close so early, closes at 6. Since I am an Oklahoma City South-Sider I would  recommend this store for a healthier option!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,1/23/2014,106,224,2,6,2>Went last weekend for a girls night out with some of my mommy friends, and everything was perfect! We only ordered appetizers, drinks, and desserts so, I can't say how good the main entrees are, but I love their concept, 'from farm to table' or was it 'farm to fork'?My friends and I had the broccoli cheddar soup, deviled eggs (they change daily), hummus with pita, whiskey cake, and cheesecake (also changes daily). Everything tasted really great! Some of us also ordered alcoholic beverages. I don't remember what my friend had, but I of course got the Tracy's Garden which is a green drink with basil, cucumber, mint, and some other stuff I can't think of, but it's refreshing and simply amazing! The bar is pre-prohibition so, another plus, no high fructose corn syrup, woohoo!Did I also mention our waiter was perfect? He was funny, knowledgeable, and just a really great server. I have nothing negative to say about Whiskey Cake, I can't wait to come back and try their entrees next time!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,1/22/2014,52,137,,3,2>My family and friends visited Joey's Pizzeria for the first time last week. It's been on my bookmarks for a while so I was really looking forward to it. It was a Thunder game day so we all got the slice of pizza and beer for $5 which is a great deal especially since my wife gave me her beer. I had two different kinds of BBQ chicken pizza. Both were good but the crust really reminded me of the pizza from Louie's which isn't really saying a lot. Everyone else really enjoyed their pie and beers. I'm no chef but it seemed liked one of those crusts that is pre-made, frozen and then thawed as needed.Honestly, I would have just given it 3 stars for the pizza but the great service and killer Thunder deal added another star. I'm willing to give it another try but when it comes to pizza I think a few other local places have it beat.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,1/21/2014,60,285,,4,2>Partook in some Ya Ya recently at a yelp crawl. The guys running this food truck seemed nice, friendly and helpful. I had the crab gumbo which he make from real, not imitation crab. I would say you can definitely tell the difference. The gumbo was quite tasty and much better than any that you can't get in OKC. Well unless I decide to cook a pot and have everyone in OKC over for dinner. If you are wanting quality gumbo in OKC I would recommend this place. It might not be up to New Orleans standard but is a nice change for this area. I would have no problem stopping back in here. Because to be honest it is very costly to make my own gumbo and I haven't done it in a long while.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,3/14/2012,17,9,,3,1>I can only review 2 things here:  Yellow curry (half star) and Spicy Chicken (2 stars) - That's because my husband and I get the same thing EVERY TIME.  It's that good.  Tucked away next to a suburb YMCA, this place is not the easiest to discover on foot traffic, but well worth it.  We primarily get it to-go, but either way is great.  One Tip---Go for the lunch specials, still a good amount of food without hitting your wallet so hard.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,3/13/2012,15,26,,3,1>My boyfriend discovered this place on a quest for local food in Moore. I love the food as well as the atmosphere, but they close at 2 or 3 pm, so it kinda sucks that we can only go on Saturday since we both work in the week. But their food is awesome! I always get a sandwich with the pasta salad!
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2011,3/12/2012,16,105,,3,1>True German spot, and they brew their own beer on site. This seems standard, but actually VERY rare in OKC. The owner is a German guy who will come have beers with you if it's getting late and the kitchen is closed. There's an outdoor beer garden too which is nice in the spring and fall. The only bummer about this place is it's a little out of the way, but it's worth the trip. I recommend the pretzel with pate, and a King's gold. If you're feeling tough, order it in a 2-liter boot (but don't expect to drive home).
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2012,3/11/2012,15,22,,3,1>I had driven by this place several times so a friend and I decided to stop and check it out.  We both LOVE Thai food.  It is a cool spot, mostly intended for take out, but still there seems to be enough seating to eat it there.  Lots of cool art work on the walls and it is independently owned by a husband and wife.  The guy running the register was the owners brother, very nice man.  The food came out really fast & my friend and I had ours to go.  The portions were good for me, it was so good that I ate the whole thing & felt really full after but if I were a man, I might have wanted more...or maybe I just eat a lot..lol but anyhow, the portions seemed good.I had the pad thai it was $8.99 a fair price I think.  The man informed us of a lunch special too that seemed like a pretty sweet deal for $7.99.  I can't remember what my friend had, it was a flat noodle dish, I think Japanese.  She really enjoyed it.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2011,3/10/2012,83,76,,7,2>I love their massage skills. Wish they had some kind of spa music.  I had to ask her to push harder on my feet if not I could not feel anything. But after that, it was very rough on my shoulder. Overall, it is a good massage with great price. Love their tea. Always feel relaxing after the massage. Can't ask for more.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,3/9/2012,22,25,,1,2>I love Old School Bagel Cafe with every fiber of my being. Absolutely delicious, great service. I highly recommend the breakfast bagel along with a Chai Tea Latte. Among the best of OKC, be sure to check it out.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2012,3/8/2012,14,2,,2,2>Great Bar, comfortable seating, easily navigatable floor plan. Service was excellent. Very attentive to your needs.We really went all out on our first trip to West. We had the Zuccha chips, as well as the onion rings for appetizers! Yeah, thats right, two appetizers!! Both were very tasty. The Zuccha chips were a great blend of salty/crunchy and light, and the onion rings were crunchy sweet, & savoryMy dish was the filet & enchiladas. I found the filet to be wonderful, and the enchiladas were average. The sauce for the enchiladas was a little too sweet for my liking. I would've preferred more of a sour cream type base, but still worth a shot if you haven't tried it.My Fiance had the Filet w/ Bleu Cheese served w/ a red wine reduction along with new potatoes and onions. ( I did eat from her plate, and it was awesome!!! Loved the pairing of the potatoes, onions, filet, and bleu cheese!!!)As a bonus, on your first visit to "West" you get a complimentary dessert! We enjoyed a staple comfort food; chocolate chip cookies with a glass of cold milk!!! Overall, I think this is a fantastic place and I will definitely be visiting this West again.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,3/7/2012,24,12,2,5,2>Some of the best Thai food in OKC. Especially on the North side of the city. Favorites include the coconut soup and Pad Thai. They also have an off-menu item which is Pad Thai with curry sauce on top! Lastly, each dinner comes with a fried doughnuty type biscuit rolled in sugar. Yum yum!
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2011,3/6/2012,44,59,,4,1>This is among my top three fav spots in OKC.  Never had a bad meal here: quite the opposite.  The most recent visit was for Sunday brunch and I chose the Breakfast Enchiladas.  It was every bit as delicious as I thought it might be.  Across time, I've had nearly all their seafood specialties, and they are great!  The Cedar Plank Salmon is the best in town. From the gumbo to blackened Catfish to Red Beans & Rice, each of the cajun specialties are perfect.  The view is unparalleled, although yes we do need for Lake Hefner to refill.  As much as a fan as ever.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2011,3/4/2012,316,58,,1,1>Every city needs at least one and in Oklahoma City we are blessed to have specialty stores in abundance. One of these is Mediterranean Imports. Need great cheese, Hummus, Olives? They have it. Need sweet paprika for goulash? That too. There is much more if you are looking for something that no one else carries here. We get a large flat bread for vegetarian pizza and while we are there we pick up excellent fresh eggplant and squash for the toppings. I also recommend them for a lunch that includes salads, chicken, sandwiches and other light fare with indoor and outdoor tables. If this little gem is someplace you haven't visited you owe it to yourself to check it out.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,8/31/2013,19,48,,2,2>The new and improved Myriad Gardens has become a constant on the "can we go to" song meter.  It used to be "can we go to" the movies, the zoo, Disneyland, what have you.  But now, the shorties are in love with the Myriad Gardens.They love chasing butterflies in the 'tube'.  They ooo and aaaaa over the stepped landscaping.  They search for the biggest fish in the murkey waters and carefully walk past roosting ducks.  They drag out all this fun so that they are ready for the Thunder Fountain when the time comes.  Because what is better than getting soaked with strangers in your day clothes?  Not one thing.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,8/30/2013,0,16,1,5,2>Went to the new Wes Welkers on Monday for lunch. Really enjoyed the restaurant. Nice to see one of our own become crazy successful.The bar menu is amazing. LOTS of beer selections. The food is a little pricey but amazing. I ordered the buffalo burger per the server's advice. It was one of the best burgers I've ever had. I highly recommend it. My girlfriend ordered the rotisserie chicken sandwich and it was amazing too.If the prices weren't so high ($12 for my burger) I would be eating there more often. Definitely a great place to watch a game and have a beer though.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,8/29/2013,23,38,,1,1>We still eat at Wholly Guacamole as often as we can because it's the one place the entire family can agree on. The owner goes out of his way to cook my daughter's chicken for her fajitas in a separate pan so that they aren't on the grill with butter, and he makes sure that there is nothing in her food that will make her sick. We haven't eaten anything yet that we didn't like. They even send home extra spicy stuff for my husband, which he loves.One note, on two occasions we've gotten home to discover there were no tortillas for my daughter's chicken fajitas. The first time it happened, we didn't have any at home, so she just ate chicken with beans and rice...not good...but it won't keep us from being loyal customers. We haven't eaten Mexican food anywhere else since we started going to Wholly Guacamole...It's that good.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,8/28/2013,59,52,,1,1>Glad I finally tried this place! I placed a TO-GO order for a LRG Tulsa Hurracaine added grilled onions and manderain oranges. The pizza was off the hook! Funny thing is that when I returned to my apartment and while I was waiting for the elevator everyone who saw the Hideway box kept making comments about the place. Can't wait to try a new type of pizza.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,8/27/2013,60,81,,6,4>This place needs a review, stat. My husband and I just moved to OKC and have been looking for fun, creative, old pieces for our home. After going to several places in Oklahoma, Houston and Dallas - I am a lot more knowledgable on the price of antiques. We met one of the owners today and found out he builds desks and tables (many of which are featured in the store). Not only was he willing to build items for our new home, he asked a very fair (if not cheap!) price for his services. In fact, everything in this small unique store is well priced. You could tell he just loved selling cool items to people. Items usually in stock? Gorgeous insects in frames, vintage clothes, beautiful wood furniture, art on canvases (some old, some by local artists), old bottles, organic soaps, and more. Definitely come here for a unique item for your home.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2013,8/26/2013,44,33,4,4,2>Kamp's is a great place for coffee, breakfast, and lunch!  I have frequented this place quite a few times in my days around OKC.  My most recent visit was on a Saturday morning, as a refuel stop while cycling with a great group of people.  The staff was really nice and ready to get us whatever we needed to re-nourish during our short pit stop on the way to the river trails.  Their fantastic bakery is perfect for anyone looking for some tasty carbs!I have also had lunch with my wife here quite a few times and I have been happy every time.  She loves to get a Spring Chicken Salad, while I'm a fan of the Pacific Railcar, both are pretty solid lunch choices.I look forward to returning to Kamp's 1910 soon, and many times in the future!  They are happy to take care of you even if you are dressed in some funny looking cycling gear!
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,8/25/2013,125,125,2,5,5>I honestly thought I already wrote a review for Chow's.  I think I've written it in my mind so many times I assumed it had somehow already transcribed itself to my page.  Alas here I am on this day the very Duchess of Chow's and I haven't reported anything to the people. Well people here it is....Chow's is one of the best places in OKC that you're not eating at. There's nothing fancy about it, (actually I think the table cloths are linen so that is kind of fancy and they have those cool center table wood lazy-suzanne things that's fancy.) Anyhow it's BYOB because this place is not about booze, it's about seafood and classic Chinese dishes that Chinese people actually eat. As far as I know they don't do that two different menu thing that some Chinese restaurants in OKC still do for some reason, which I find a little frustrating  (Fung's you tasty heartbreaker I'm looking at you.)I've actually ordered a variety of dishes, off their menu and I've never been disappointed, I try to order something I'm interested in, this is not the place to be boring, sometimes I wish I'd push my boundaries a little more and try that "Cold Jelly Fish" appetizer I'll make it there eventually, but.... I am baby stepping my way through amazing dishes like, Pork Belly with Preserved Vegetables, Oysters with Black Bean Sauce and Crab Meat Fish Mao Soup.  My love for Chow's started with Salt and Pepper Tofu and Ginger Scallion Chicken, I've been enamored with it ever since then and I think you should be too.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,8/24/2013,139,130,9,6,8>Do you remember being a freshman in high school and there was that senior you admired from afar? Not a crush, per se, just someone who was cool without really trying too hard: pulled off those funky outfits you never could, drove a fun old car & knew all the great bands but didn't brag about it? That's how I feel about Whiskey Cake. I want to hang out with it, listen to its records, check out all the random stuff on their shelves and soak it all in.  Now imagine that that upperclassman's mom cooked delicious, organic, creative dishes and welcomed you with open arms to her well-dressed table. Ok, now it might be a crush. I have been to Whiskey Cake for brunch and lunch and enjoyed every bite (and sip) at both meals. The French toast was the best I have ever had (and trust me, I've had lots!) not too sweet and perfectly fluffy. I'm dying to try the fresh squeezed mimosas and other bubbly brunchy beverages, but when you can't have those, the French press coffee is a worthy substitute. Today at lunch I had the spinach salad with crispy chicken and again they have this one down to perfection. Crisp apples, lightly fried chicken and bright spinach were perfectly balanced out with a light dressing. I felt how you should after ordering a salad: satisfied but not stuffed. I'm dying to come back for dinner to see how the cool kid finishes out the day, especially since I've heard great things about the signature dish. Just please watch my check-ins and make sure I don't become a borderline stalker!
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,8/23/2013,59,44,,3,2>I really love this place. I ordered the Mediterranean plate with spicy chicken shawarma the first time I visited and I haven't been able to get anything else because I love it so much.  This plate comes with a huge variety - chicken, dolma (vegetable filling wrapped with grape leaves), salad, hummus, pita bread, and cucumber yogurt sauce. I like to order extra pita bread for dipping, but I usually will have leftovers of everything else. The portion sizes are generous. The honey mint tea is amazing. Probably the best tea in town... and that's coming from a huge tea fan.The people who work here are great! They're helpful, friendly, and willing to answer any questions about the menu. One day, for fun, they even taught me the Arabic word habibi, meaning, my beloved. The restaurant is clean and casual/comfortable. I love the location and I love how they stay open late.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,8/22/2013,6,37,2,3,3>THE BEST PIZZA IN THE CITY. Woah, that's a quite the declaration. But I guarantee you, Gabriella's pizza cannot be beat (in OKC).Before we start, ample recognition to Joey's Pizzeria for their solid run at the BEST PIZZA IN OKC title for the past two years (golf claps and head nods by all). You've satisfied my pizza craving multiple times, and it kind of pains me to let go you Titanic style. Jack's not coming back and neither is the Best Pizza Title to Joey's for the foreseeable future.What makes Gabriella's so good? It has to be the brick oven, thin crust. I could write about the different mixture of cheese's, the fresh toppings, or the delicious tomato sauce but that would be fluff. Sure they are all superb yet the crust makes this pizza. There is something to be said about a crust being the right amount of burnt, to bring the whole pizza experience together. Add to the fact you can get an 18" for under $20, steal-azo.Also grabbed a slice of the cheesecake. Which I haven't had bad cheesecake before, so this fit the bill. Really good.On top of bomb pizza and a solid cheesecake, Gabriella's is the place for date nights. Tucked away in the mystique hills of I-44, the Lady and The Tramp  atmosphere (less creepy-whispy-mustache-chef-guy)is top notch. Something other Italian restaurants are severely lacking in OKC. The service......it could improve a bit in terms of seating. But once seated everything went splendid. If you're craving Pizza or looking for a great date venue, Gabriella's is the place to go. PS: Reservations strongly recommended. Thank me later.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,9/1/2012,3,8,,2,1>My husband and I decided to have our wedding dinner here. We had approached several restaurants in the Asian District, but they were not as flexible as this restaurant. The portions are generous. The items from the Chinese menu are family sized. The wait staff is amazing too. We love them! They brought my parents special tea from Taiwan. We had duck, fish, chicken, beef. We ordered 8 dishes per table and had leftovers. They also do not automatically add gratuity to the tab for large parties. We tipped them generously and still stayed very close to our budget.Our favorite dish from this restaurant is no. 37 from the Chinese menu - Hot and spicy Fish in Claypot. Yes, it is hot and spicy. I've not had more authentic food for this price. Granted that the dish is not as spicy as genuine Szechuan food, it is very tasty. We haven't figured out what fish it is, but the dish is filled with mixed veggies - Chinese mushrooms, bamboo shoots, baby bok choy, celery and leeks.Food fans watch out for their promotion Sept 10-13. They are giving out gift certificates.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,8/31/2012,20,41,,3,1>Best burger in Oklahoma. Second best burger I've ever had. (First best is from Katie's Cafe at the Texas State Fair) Nic knows exactly what he's doing. He toasts the buns right on the flattop griddle he cooks the burgers in...right in the grease! Delicious! Get there no later than 11:30 and expect to wait half an hour, easily. Well. Worth. The. Wait. Take all of your out-of-town guests here.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,8/30/2012,15,47,2,3,2>Local, small town restaurant that I love to visit whenever I crave for some great Catfish!  Fresh fish and never greasy/oily spells YUMM!! I first heard about this joint from the Travel Network "Man vs. Food" with Adam Richman.   Despite that this joint is looks like a Fire-Work Shack...judge not what is inside!  Good people, Great Food and Reasonable Prices.  You must try the catfish though.  You have the option to be the "Top Cat" if you can eat more than 29 Catfish fillets and 2 sides as of 3/2012 or just enjoy a nice plate of 6 fillets  of delicious Catfish!Check out there website to see the menu:steakandcatfishbarn.comEnjoy!
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,8/29/2012,18,14,,6,2>My husband and I have been meaning to try this place ever since we moved here last October...now I wish we have done it sooner! So so so good!After catching a film at the OKC Art museum we thought we should stop in Cafe Do Brasil and have a nice "date night" dinner. We were seated right away it was probably around 730/8pm and the restaurant was beginning to fill up and had a great vibe going. The walls are painted cleverly and everyone was at the tables happily chatting away.We ordered a bottle of wine to share and started off with the Black Mussels for the appetizer. As we enjoyed the wine and Mussels I suddenly realized that the  Jazz flute music I was hearing was live! Awesome also the guy playing jazz flute was also playing the keyboard and the saxophone!! AND walking around engaging with the guests. I must say I was impressed.For dinner I didn't know what to order as everything sounded exotic and I admit I was fearful I wouldn't like anything. Thankfully my husband ordered for us and we chose to share the Arroz Gaucho, a rice dish with three different types of sausage, sirloin , and collard greens. It was a huge helping so Im glad we chose to share, and WOW it was AMAZING! I was very happy with it and suddenly wished I had room to have another dish, but i guess thats even more of a reason to come back again soon.Service was excellent, this is certainly a great spot to take a date or an out of town guest. And even though we had a bottle of wine, app and entree I think we only spent around 80 or so, it was much worth it!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2012,8/28/2012,5,48,,4,1>One of my favorites for fine dining in Oklahoma City. Way better than all the restaurants in Bricktown.  They use high quality ingredients and have many interesting dishes. Lots of variety too as the menu changes constantly. Service is very good. The bar is open late and the 'bar' food is excellent. Why not five stars? It is a 4.5 stars in my mind so it comes close. I wish the portions very a little bigger. Some dishes don't work as well. The selection is a bit limited on any given night. However, I'm nit-picking. Ludevine is arguably the best fine dining option in downtown OKC (if not in all of OKC). The closest competitor is Red which I marginally prefer.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,8/27/2012,93,253,6,10,9>Do you like that show Mad Men? Then you'll love this place!They have that cheesy red-velvet crap on the walls that just wreaks of the 1960's.....The booth's are huge, it's filled with middle-aged doctors and lawyers.....They make a damn great steak!This is perhaps the coolest place in OKC....It's rad! Not that BS hipster cool either.....like classic Omega/1936 Rolls Royce/2K D&B cufflinks cool man. If James Bond was from OKC, he'd kick it here for sure. What's even better is it isn't pretentious. Take LA's old money crowd, sans the BS. Full of dudes that started with nothing, worked like hell and made something of themselves. Balls-out awesome.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,8/26/2012,106,224,,7,1>I live a mile away from Crest Fresh Market and this place is absolutely amazing! They have a fresh nut butter section near the produce area where you can make your own nut butters! The produce also almost always is and looks fresh, they have a wide selection of organic items with good prices, and the employees are very helpful and keep the store always looking spotless! I'm glad to live so close by =D
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,8/25/2012,182,106,,7,4>A refreshing change from the normal hub-drub atmosphere associated with most Bricktown clubs. The system will move you (literally, it's quite impressive). The drink are reasonably price and who doesn't love a patio on top of the bar? I know I do. The sound is eclectic but echoes house and dubstep. I'm a fan. I will be back.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,8/24/2012,0,2,,2,1>Great place to stay for a Sooner Fan. We had the Bud Wilkenson room when we stayed there. It was great to explain to my kids who he was . Then walking the halls looking at all the artifacts was so interesting.The room was nice and room with comfortable beds. The robes were beyond soft as my teenage daughters fought over which one would wear one.We really had a fun time there.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,8/23/2012,52,80,4,2,1>I'm kind of an introvert.  I really appreciate and admire outgoing, social people, but sometimes being around an extrovert can be kind of exhausting.  Iguana Mexican Grill is like my most admired socially outgoing friend.  It's the one that, if I had the energy, I'd want to be around all the time.  I enjoy this place for it's atmosphere and location, and it's a huge bonus that the food and service aren't half bad!
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2014,10/28/2014,25,48,6,6,6>Pizza by the slice is probably the greatest, and most terrible, thing ever invented when it comes to food. I constantly crave pizza so buying by the slice lets me sate that craving, but also not feel like a glutton for having an entire pizza in front of me. Yes, I could just NOT eat the entire pizza, but I COULD just eat the entire pizza as well.Pepperoni: It's...a pepperoni pizza. There's not a lot to expect, but it's probably one of my favorite slices of pepperoni I've had. I figure any pizza place could be judged by their pepperoni pizza alone because it's such a simple pizza to make. Meat, cheese, sauce, and dough. If somehow this combination is  screwed up you're probably better off elsewhere. Thankfully, Empire doesn't run into this problem.Foghorn Leghorn: Chicken pizza, with sriracha, bacon, and jalapeno? Um, yes! I'll take twenty. The sweetness of the marinara and the sricraha come together really well. I wouldn't want sriracha on a regular pizza, but this is fantastic.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,10/27/2014,443,449,8,10,6>[] In Brief [] After many consistently satisfying lunch specials, it's time to upgrade.[] In Length [] Almost everything about Dot Wo Garden (DWG) is great. There have been a few misses (see previous reviews), but more often than not, I walk out of DWG satiated, and usually only $8-9 poorer (including tax and tip). Throw in some above average ambiance, fairly consistent customer service, and a menu that has quite a bit of variety, and you'd have to be an exceptionally crotchety person to not like this place.DWG is where you bring people when you're trying to be thrifty while also providing enough variety to please everyone in your party. They have really enjoyable American Chinese food to please even the whitest of white bread individuals (i.e. people whose idea of risk-taking is ordering Sweet & Sour Chicken), while also having authentic(ish) options to keep adventurous people happy.I've already mentioned the lunch specials a little; they come with soup, rice, a choice of fried wontons or fried shrimp (slightly more expensive), egg roll (still kind of "meh") and the entree of your choice. Most of them range in the $6-8 range. A solid lunch option (for me) is the Mongolian Beef (emphasize "very spicy"). The last few times, they've met my spice requests, and I left having satisfied my belly and my taste buds.Service is maybe the only thing that's a little hit-or-miss. While there are no concerns of rudeness (from personal experience), there's the occasional lost-in-translation moment with certain servers, which leads to some error in the final product placed in front of me. Also, I did witness one server casually wave a customer away when the customer tried to get her attention (which was equal parts funny and horrifying). However, I've had perfect experiences from start to finish during my last two visits. Also, sometimes your meal should come with one item (e.g. fried shrimp), but you end up getting something else (e.g. fried wontons). If that stuff matters to you, pay attention and point it out when your food arrives. One of the reviewers has noted that Sriracha is available. I don't know why she would write such cruel lies, because DWG doesn't offer Sriracha. I know. Trust me. I know. I question the veracity of her review based on that comment alone. Unless she took her food home, then... yeah, I guess...P. S. Their sushi is good. Not mind blowing, but safe.P. P. S. Also, 10% off when you check in. So a cheap lunch is made even cheaper.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,10/26/2014,62,118,7,7,5>As a self-professed bubble tea addict, this place is hands-down the best one in OKC. I grew up drinking this stuff, and for the past few years I still drink two-a-day when I go back to Taiwan to the point when your jaw hurts from how much work you're doing (you know what I'm talking about.)First, their flavors taste the absolute best of anywhere I've been to in OKC. A lot of places use ingredients that still taste like the artificial powders even after they've been mixed with a liquid. Here, everything tastes good.Second, they've got great tapioca balls. They have got the best balls in all of OKC. The texture is right, sweetness, and even mouth feel of their balls is perfect and the way it should be. Seriously, who can ever say that?! Everyone should know what I'm talking about. In the religious way I visit here, they have always been just right and never old and gross balls. I have not found that anywhere else in OKC, and we all know what a challenge that can be.Menu is extensive with slushes, cream-based items, blended items, coffee-based items, and Asian snow cone items. #3 milk green tea with cream, #100 matcha blended with cream is great, and their blended mochas are amazing, too. The only thing I warn you of is that this place does err on the side of slightly sweeter than not.Definitely a good teen hangout with lots of board games. They also give a military discount of 15%! How often do you see that in an Asian community?! This policy CAN be dicey though since employees cannot agree on it- I've had some say I have to be in uniform while the rest say you don't. So just check-in on Yelp for the 15% off.Do come here for a drink because at some point you will be back for the great balls or even without.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,10/25/2014,31,43,1,5,3>I have used Dee's for two pairs of shoes and two pairs of boots and I could not be happier!! It is a small dingy storefront in an old shopping center off of 36th & Penn, but the service is top notch and the work is of the highest quality! I have met two employees and the owner and they have all been very knowledgable and so friendly. The shoes/boots that they have resoled look amazing. They also clean them up to look as new as old shoes can possibly look! They prices seem very reasonable. I would not trust anyone else with my expensive or treasured shoes!
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2014,10/24/2014,52,90,3,4,3>I stopped by on a rainy Wednesday to get some takeout for dinner. I was immediately greeted by the friendly cashier. She gave me the menu and I ordered fried spring rolls, Vietnamese garlic chicken wings, the Chinese meatball banh mi, and the chicken curry noodles. I also picked out a couple of macarons. The food was cooked to order and they were super good and flavorful. The smells coming out of the kitchen were torturing me!! I really love that there's an authentic Vietnamese food joint in this part of town! (Unfortunately I just moved to southside OKC last weekend, but I will definitely come to B'Get whenever I'm in the area!)
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2014,10/23/2014,224,538,2,5,5>My 4 year old son and I are new to the neighborhood, so our first Sunday in our new house we decided to try Kim's Donuts.  Very glad we did.  It's a small donut shop, it's got the counter, the coffee on the counter, and the usual drink cooler.  It has colorful pictures of donuts on the wall, which my son liked.  Also, the chairs have donut cushions on them, which he loved.  I planned to get them to go, but he liked the place so much we had to stay and eat our breakfast.We tried a few different things.  Donut holes for him, which were hot out of the fryer.  He loved them, I tried one, and they were good, typical glazed donut holes.  They were very good warm.  We also split one of the small breakfast burritos.  These are made with small flour tortillas and a mix of sausage and egg.  They are cheap ($1.39 for 1, or $2.49 for 2).  We both liked them, they aren't groundbreaking, but they were certainly good enough for a quick breakfast.The kolaches were good, flaky crust surrounding a juicy sausage.  They have both large and small, we each had a small.  The apple fritter was a bit of a disappointment.  It was good enough, but it didn't have much apple in it.  Also, it didn't have as many of the crunchy edges as you get in a typical apple fritter, which are my favorite parts.  This is my favorite type of donut, so I'll definitely try it again.Kim's also has sausage, egg, and cheese biscuits, ham, egg and cheese croissants, and the usual array of donuts.  It's nice to have a donut place that offers some choices.  Given the proximity to our house, plus how much my son enjoyed the interior, I know we'll be back many times.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2014,10/22/2014,151,161,3,5,2>This isn't the first Mexican market I've been to, but they are definitely the best in every aspect. If they were closer they would be the only one I would go to! The store is super clean! I didn't feel that they left the store at night un-swept or mopped, and I wouldn't hesitate to eat the produce right there (besides the fact that I would definitely pay for it first and people would probably think it weird for me to start eating a tomato in the middle of an aisle while looking at the meats). Speaking of which, we went specifically to pick up some meat for grilling - their selection was huge! There have names on pretty much everything in Spanish AND English, so you know exactly what you purchasing. It does help to know a little Spanish, but it's definitely not required here. To top it all off, their staff is especially friendly and helpful. When we went to check out, we got in line behind someone and the cashier started having an issue of some sort. I didn't really pay attention to what was going on (guilty of writing notes up on this review), but did notice that the cashier was trying to fix the issue and the guy on the other side offered to check us out. I really appreciated that he did that instead of taking the easy way out of his job by not saying anything to us!The only thing I didn't like is that there aren't any cart corrals outside. There were about 7 carts scattered around the lot, but if you park far enough away and push the closest cart in on your way into the store then you won't have too much to worry about.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,10/21/2014,93,44,1,5,3>It lived up to the hype. I got there at 10 on a Friday when it opens and there was a small group of people waiting outside. Myself and two others got seats at the bar. You go in and Nic already has the grill going with various toppings getting cooked. He goes down the bar takes everyone's drink order and then starts the burgers on the grill. He then goes down the bar to get everyone's burger preferences.I was very impressed with the efficiency of taking orders and serving the food. With a place that only fits about 15 people, this is very important. Remember, it is cash only.The burger and fries were amazing. I got everything on it, and I finished my basket. When we left there was a pretty good line going, so I recommend planning for an early lunch. I'd say just skip breakfast. I may try to go more often if I can find people willing to go to lunch at 10.Find the episode of Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives that features Nic's Grill. It will get you motivated. I don't think that he does breakfast anymore but I will have to check on that.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2014,10/20/2014,55,26,3,3,3>There is nothing like losing a barber due to a move and having to find another.  It's a lot like moving from mom's house and all the sudden realizing that your favorite meal won't be available... Unless you learned how to cook it.  And damn... Who learned how to cook as good as Mom?  Not me!  Such is the case with barbershops.   We count on them... They sustain us.  They represent us and help us feel good.  And when we end up in a new city... Finding one that can do all of this... Plus cut hair like a MF'r?   We love on them!  :-)So... To Phillip and OJ:  Thank you for welcoming me into your barber chair.  Thank you for telling me about your neighborhood, your story, and for cutting my hair so very well! I'd recommend you to all of my childhood friends, but since I just moved here, this is all the joy that I can bring you... A reco and review on Yelp!  I hope you appreciate my dilemma and I want you to know that I really did love my haircut. Thank you and please... People of OKC, come in a get a haircut.  This is a joint with swagger!  You'll dig it!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2014,10/19/2014,36,58,4,4,4>What can i say?  It was great.Ive been eating pho for going on 10 yrs now and this ranks right up there with the best.  Is it the best Ive ever had?  I dont know, but its pretty close if its not.I woke up a little under the weather today. I think the change in weather brought on some allergies and got in my sinuses. I dont know about you, but pho is better than a trip to the doctor when feeling down for me. It heals the soul as well.  --true story, google it if you dont believe me.I tried te P11 (pho with rare beef and lean brisket), got some of the fried vietnamese egg rolls and pork spring rolls.  The pho had a nice broth, a good texture and wasnt watered down. The sprouts were crisp and plump and there was plenty of meat, herbs, etc. I really enjoyed the Cha Gio (Vietnamese egg rolls). They were a good size, fried just right and the filling was outstanding. The only downside was that Ive been places where they serve them on big leaves of lettuce and some herbs so you can wrap the cool lettuce around the hot fried roll.  Most places dont seem to do this, but with how authentic everything was, I was hoping they would do this.  The spring rolls were good. Nothing especially worth talking about. Just your standard spring rolls.While I see its been mentioned, just in case Im the only review you read, it is cash only, but they do have an atm.What else? Oh, the ambiance...well, there really isnt any. Fine for a lunch date, but dont plan on a romantic dinner here.  And yes, I said lunch date. Seriously, do you know how hard it is to take things or yourself too seriously as youre slurping up some pho?  It really is a great lunch first date food...I just find it funny watching women who are trying to be all prim and proper do so over a bowl of pho...maybe im just a jerk?  lol. NahThe lady running the show didnt feel very warm (cultural differences?), but she was very nice.  Asked me several times if I wanted X, Y, Z...she didnt SOUND very nice, but her actions were very kind indeed.I may try a couple more places, but I have a feeling this will be the go to when my soul needs nurishing...
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,10/31/2012,106,224,,5,2>My bf and I went here yesterday evening for dinner. He had the 16oz. ribeye and I had halibut. My bf also had a creamy chicken soup that was the soup of the day and we shared the doughnut dessert afterwards. Our server was very friendly and attentive without being intrusive, and unlike others our food came out pretty fast. The ribeye was cooked perfectly and my halibut was also very good just a tiny bit overcooked, but nothing to complain about. The doughnuts were amazing, my bf enjoyed the bacon chocolate sauce and I really loved the berry sauce. The manager or owner came by to see how our food was which was nice and the bread that was served was amazing! We both were very satisfied and stuffed, definitely will be one of our favourite spots to visit again in the near future. I forgot to bring my phone with me so didn't snap any pictures but my bf did manage to get a photo of the doughnuts which I will upload later =D Oh, and the free valet was nice just don't forget to tip them!
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,10/30/2012,125,125,,7,3>Sometimes I wonder if people realize it's there. In the middle of our Oklahoma State Fair Grounds, in between the occasional show ponies, gun shows, book sales, garage sales and some awesome roller derby matches, rests the City Arts Center. I've seen comedians such as (Mark Maron WTF) musicains like the Evens with Ian Mackaye and Amy Farina. I've seen colorful sea creature ballon sculptures from New York artists and had the pleasure of seeing my own friends pieces here during the "music and art" series they did.       They also have a list of classes for children and adults, I've never taken a class but have honestly pictured myself taking things like: screen printing, sculpture and pottery. I hope that people know it's here since its a little hidden in the State Fair Park area, but if you just turn into the State fair park gate off of May Ave. you'll get there, (if you pass the space needle  you've gone to far.)
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,10/29/2012,41,72,1,12,4>If any of you have read my other reviews, you know I take cupcakes VERY seriously! My favorite cupcake place is Cuppies & Joe because they use real butter, sugar, and great ingredients in their cupcakes. The same cannot be said for Pinkitzel, and Sarah Sarah just misses the mark. I've given all the cupcake places my bench test: a classic vanilla cupcake with vanilla buttercream so I can judge them fairly. Green Goodies is my *new* favorite cupcake place in OKC. The location is sleek, the store decor is perfect, the ingredients used are honest, organic, and delicious. Best of all, Green Goodies makes sure EVERYONE gets to enjoy a delicious treat. They provide gluten free cupcakes AND vegan cupcakes in addition to their classics. Green Goodies passed my bench test with flying colors when I tried their "classic vanilla" and their gluten free version as well.  Every cupcake is delicious, and I've tried quite a few now. I'm able to afford this cupcake addiction because they have day-old cupcakes half off (even the gluten free and vegan cupcakes)! A truly green concept to not let perfectly delicious cupcakes go to waste while also providing consumers with a great bang for their buck. Be sure to ask what day-old cupcakes they have, and save extra by going in during their 20% off cupcake happy hour: 4-6pm, Monday-Friday. Yes, you get 20% off the already 50% off day-old cupcakes. That's the best value you can find for a cupcake ANYWHERE! They also have the best frozen yogurt I've ever tasted (I've tried pinkberry, peachwave, red mango, and all the other major fro-yo places). Their dairy-free Grapefruit sorbet is the PERFECT treat for a hot summer day, and the Original Tart makes you feel good about eating fro-yo! The fro-yo is a little expensive (60cents/oz), but it's because their ingredients are of the highest quality. I cannot recommend this place enough! The gluten free goodies are just as good as the classics. My favortie cupcakes are: Classic Vanilla, Salted Caramel, Classic Chocolate, and Sopapilla Cheesecake. These flavors are all offered in gluten free, and they are all just as good gluten free.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,10/28/2012,8,26,2,2,2>As a bar, this place gets 4 stars.  As a bar that serves bar food, this place gets 4 stars.  I went for the first time last night with my husband and we had a great time, and good bar food.  We sat on the second floor on the balcony over looking the bar.  I knew there was more to this place than that seating area, but didn't find out the second floor wrapped around the corner until well into our visit.  DON'T let them seat you over the bar when you could go around the corner to a slightly quieter area with WINDOWS. As it was, they tried seating us at this horrible table, bad location, and we refused because we were the only ones on the second floor at 6:00pm.  We ordered drinks (McSorely's? Irish Black lager for me and Yellow Jacket for DH) and the fried pickle appetizer, for $5.50, they weren't bad.  Not excessively greasy.  Then we drank another round (Raspberry and Cream for me (floral) and a British Isles flight for DH).Then we ordered another round (Snakebite for me and some German Jubiliant thing for DH) and dinner. I ordered the steak frites.  I almost hate to give this review and ruin a good thing.  It was $13.50 for a 10oz New York Strip steak cooked to medium rare perfection served with beer battered fries.  YUM.  Yum.  Just, yum.  If this were a steak house, I'd be a little disappointed at the "quality" of the steak, but it is a bar and it was so good I damn near ate the entire thing. I will order that again. DH ordered the cottage pie.  It was good, but unimpressive.  For $10 he won't order it again, I seriously do a better version at home.  It could be made fabulous if they added beer to the "sauce" before they cooked it. But, for bar food, it was good.The drinks, food and 3 hours of date night came up to $70 and we left a $13 tip.  We won't be back for a while at that price, but we will be back.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,10/27/2012,22,14,,2,1>Lovely little place for an intimate date. ;) Low lighting, candles, and fresh roses for every table. I haven't tried everything on the menu yet, (I can only afford to go occasionally) but what I have ordered has been super delicious. If I ever had any questions about the menu the server has always either known or quickly found the answer. If it's fancy date night... this is my place of choice.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,10/26/2012,5,99,3,1,2>Mama Mia! Wait, what? Oh, ok... fine, Papa Dio! (Doesn't quite have the same ring to it, but whatever).  I should probably preface this by letting everyone know that I have a tiny Italian grandma who did her best to ruin Italian restaurants for me throughout my childhood years because her cooking was simply on another level.  I can honestly say I've taken a lifelong approach to meatballs: if it ain't crafted by her hands, I ain't eatin it!  (sorry Subway foot long meatball marinara...)  Sadly, she no longer cooks, and the chances of me ever recreating anything that delicious is, well... nah-gonna-happen.  So typically, I tend to lower my expectations when I walk through the doors of an Italian restaurant, because nobody can match my grandma's cooking... but I'm happy to say that Papa Dio's comes close.  As others have stated, the atmosphere is very casual and relaxed, which I enjoy.  Apparently the other side of the restaurant is the wine bar area, which provides a more formal / date-like atmosphere.  I enjoyed the simplicity of the menu: simple, authentic Italian dishes and chef specials.  That said, I still had trouble deciding what the hell to order, because it all sounded so delicious.  I decided on the spinach and mushroom lasagna, and the portion size is no joke.  When it came out I said to myself: "oh good, I'll have some leftovers to enjoy tomorrow..." and then I proceeded to inhale the entire meal and lick the plate clean, grrr.  Needless to say, it was delicioso.  Tender layers of pasta, gooey melted cheese, spinach, mushrooms and onions piled high and cooked to perfection.  The tomato sauce was definitely the best part (hence the plate licking).  We also tried the cacciatore, which was equally as delicious.  And as all great Italian meals should, the dishes were accompanied by the traditional Italian house salad and warm dinner rolls (which you should use to sop up all the amazing tomato sauce!)So, if you too have been spoiled by a tiny Italian grandma's authentic home cooking, you'll find comfort in knowing that Papa Dio's is a great little Italian joint that can satisfy your (oh so hard-to-satisfy) Italian cravings.  Who knows, I might even give the meatballs a try next time.Overall Grade: A
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2011,10/25/2012,44,39,,2,1>Great locally owned sandwich shop. The sandwiches are super tasty and the owners are very nice (but a bit firm). On my regular list of lunch spots.They finally broke down and started accepting credit cards which is welcome news. The prices are great and the sandwiches beat anything you'll find at Subway.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,10/24/2012,3,6,,3,2>After moving to OKC from a very intimidating bike-centric city (Seattle), I decided it was time to woman up and get myself a pair of wheels. I hit a few other local bike shops, and a couple of chains stores before coming to Bike One. And let me say I'm glad I did. Where the chains had 2 bikes (TWO!) that sort of fit my needs and the other local shops dealt some attitude to me. (Admittedly, I'm a girl and I didn't know all the right questions to ask). However, Bike One, and Daniel, the guy who helped me, were AWESOME. Answered all my silly questions, were patient, kept me well under budget and made sure I was totally happy with my purchase. I'm so thankful I didn't settle for one of the other places, because as long as I live here, they will have my business.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2012,10/23/2012,4,90,,3,2>More than a few times, I've driven by Wahaha on the way to somewhere else further along on Broadway. Only now do I realize that failing to stop here sooner was a mistake. Hindsight is great that way. Everyone has heard of "hole-in-the-wall" restaurants which are easy to overlook and tend to be a love it or hate it experience. Real estate in most of Oklahoma is pretty cheap, so sometimes those restaurants end up being full sized.They have "Chinese" and "Authentic Chinese" food. Obviously enough, my eyes went directly to "Authentic Chinese" and never veered away. Some people prefer familiar food or something a little different but not too far out there. This is fine and they can absolutely find something enjoyable on the menu. I appreciate being able to try something out of the ordinary.Quite honestly, I cannot recall the full name of what I had. It was a delightful mix of beef, onions, green onions, and oils which gave me a new dimension of appreciation for onions. The fried rice complemented the main dish quite well. Top that off with an almond boba tea to make for a nearly complete meal of great deliciousness. Yes, I said nearly complete. As the saying goes, save the best food for last.It has been perhaps ten years since one of my favorite Chinese restaurants elsewhere closed down. It broke my food-loving heart, particularly since they made the best hot and sour soup I had ever tasted. Despite years of searching, I found only the palest imitations of watery and flavorless hot and sour soup. When I went to Wahaha, I struck gold and by gold I mean a hot and sour soup which was thick, tangy, and delicious. The words "hot and sour" actually mean something when it is done right. As simple as it may seem, there are few things so delicious to me as a proper bowl of hot and sour soup.This is my kind of restaurant. The atmosphere is calm, the decoration is a bit eccentric, the menu has great variety, and the service is very timely. I will definitely be returning for more. For now, I shall lament the fact that I write this review and recall this meal so late at night that I could not return even on impulse for several hours.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,10/22/2012,29,59,,5,1>Pho Saigon is by far our favorite Thai/Vietnamese restaurant in Oklahoma City.  Every dish I have ordered there is delicious.  Everyone I have taken there has agreed on the deliciousness.  I have tasted everything from the Pho, to Pad Thai, to several curry dishes and have never been disappointed.  It is a family-owned restaurant, and the owners are very diligent and a hardworking couple.  The atmosphere is very casual and the pricing is reasonable for the food genre.The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because the service can be a bit slow when they get busy.  I have also had a server who doesn't seem to speak English, and as sweet as she is, it's sometimes difficult to relay my order.  The dishes are always a bit spicier than you may expect, so perhaps order more conservatively when it comes to spice range.  But if you are able to look past these things, which for us, we are frequent customers--then you will really enjoy your meal!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,6/19/2014,36,75,,4,2>THIS is real sushi and it's the best real sushi in town.  While I like some of other more upscale spots in town, they cater more to the trendy and hipster crowds with fancy sushi rolls.Tokyo, as I am told, is the original sushi bar in town.  We head there for hubby's sushi fix and my crab roll fix...I just can't bring myself to like the texture and flavor of raw fish no matter how many times I try it.  In all fairness, I'm not a big fish fan as it is either, so we'll call it even. They have a great crab combo dinner that uses real crab, not kani, and it's fantastic!  Spider roll, California rolls, and some real crab leg!  Hubby favors the tuna and squid or a combo sushi dinner.  Nothing has ever been bad and it's always fresh seafood.When we want the real deal, this is where we head!  Beer and wine is available.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,6/18/2014,27,65,,4,1>Love it!Their service is very friendly and welcoming the moment we walked it. We ordered gyro platter and gyro sandwich. I love that it's packed with lamb and loved the cucumber sauce it came with.  We also ordered the baklava. They offer three kinds walnut, cashew and pistachio. My favorite has to be the walnut because it's sweeter than the rest. They were quick with the orders and they brought it to our table for togo. Hubby loves this place now.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,6/17/2014,19,5,4,5,3>The best Indian food I have had since I left NYC many years ago, and that is no joke. They have all your favorites; curry, tikka masala, saag, naan, samosas, and all delicious. Mouth fireworks. Especially if you haven't been there before and don't know the spice levels. We went for medium, and that might be a bit much. But as our lips turned bright red and numbed, we could not stop eating. I am not big on spicy hot, and I powered through an entire lunch, enjoying every minute of it. But I would recommend going for mild unless you like your mouth to burn. And burn and burn.*The menu is reasonably priced, the owners/staff were great, and there's free water on the counter! We decided we wanted some adult bevs, so when my friend went to pay in the gas station portion, she picked up some tall boys of the Champagne of Beers. It paired quite nicely with our meal. I've been around the block a few times, and my experience has always been that the best place to get authentic cuisine from any country is in the divey-est place you can find. Sure it's in a gas station. And you're sitting at tables rescued from some unnamed fast food joint. The kitchen is concealed behind a curtain, and you get your water from a community dispenser on the counter.... but when your food comes out, who cares?Don't overlook this wonderful treasure that has thankfully ended up in OKC. It's hard to find cuisine from other countries that taste like it was homemade just for you. So hurry up to the gas station Indian restaurant, Tandoor, and eat your heart out! You're gonna love it, guys.Bonus, that should not be overlooked: Indian grocery store!! I purchased some tea toast that you can't find anywhere, and it made me sooooo happy. *Sidenote: I had no tummy troubles afterwards. And I think we can all agree, that is quite something after eating molten, authentic Indian food.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,6/16/2014,27,106,,5,2>After renting one of their fishing kayaks and trying it out on Wes Watkins Lake, I decided to buy.  I got a good discount on a Demo model and couldn't be happier with the kayak and the service.  They even honor the 1 year warranty even though it is a used model.  If you ever thought about kayaking, for fun or fishing, definitely check this place out.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,6/15/2014,11,58,,3,2>I enjoyed the environment.  It reminded me of living in Europe with a small rustic look and feel.  This place is definitely a college place with a lot of people.  The service was okay, the lady took a while to come back to us so that we can place our food order and some of the people around us were very loud and distracting.  The food was reasonably priced and so was their alcohol.  The pulled-pork sliders were amazing and filling.  I had the cheeseburger basket and the burger was good, it did not stand out from other burgers I've had but was good for the price.  I would go back to this place.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,6/14/2014,4,90,,5,1>I'll admit, I'm not a world class expert on pho. I've had it a few times at a few different places though, which is enough to at least give me a frame of reference.This is solid pho. The broth was just right and mixed well with the Sriracha rather than some broths I've had which seem to battle against the sauce until one or the other takes control. They are rather generous with the meat in the P1 combo, quite appreciated there.The decor is nice, the service is speedy and friendly, and since I caught the tail end of the rush with a few friends, we felt no pressure to rush and had time to talk after our pho. Good food always tastes better with good company and a pleasant atmosphere.As many others mention, this is a cash only establishment. That shows when their menu prices are just as reasonable as other local restaurants despite their popularity.As limited as my scope may be, I can honestly say that this is the best pho I have had and the rest of the restaurant lived up to standards just fine. That gets five stars from me.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,6/13/2014,48,38,2,4,2>The pad Thai? The Brussels sprouts? The green beans? The mushrooms? Spicy chicken? Spring rolls? THE GREEN CURRY?Just so much yes.Went there for the lunch buffet today and was welcomed by a lovely woman who kindly made sure I had everything I needed to enjoy my lunch break. Even with driving 10 minutes there and back, I was back to my office seat less than an hour after I left for food.Lovely people, amazing food, inexpensive price. I mean, what more could you want?
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,6/12/2014,47,207,,5,1>I have never really had a fried pie before so I have no real point of reference or a comparison.  However, for my first fried pie, this was awesome!  My son and I had chocolate and my husband had peach.  All three of us devoured them more quickly than we would probably care to admit.  My son described his as tasting like a chocolate filled donut and he wasn't far off.  My only complaint is that they weren't hot when we got them.  We heated them up in the microwave at home and that was ok but I think it might have been a little bit better if we received them hot.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,6/11/2014,21,54,,5,1>Always a great place to eat. I love to try the different kinds of gravy they have. This time I tried the mushroom and bacon gravy and it was amazing! I got the economy breakfast which was, as usual, fantastic. Everyone there is so nice and we always feel welcome!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,6/10/2014,10,48,,5,4>I've had the pleasure of sharing vendor lunches here with work associates twice. Both visits have been delightful! Waitstaff were friendly & knowledgable (especially about menu specifics, big plus!) and atmosphere is nice. Moderate noise level at lunch hour, but quiet enough for important business. The food is exceptional! On my first visit I enjoyed Mantel's version of a Philly cheese-steak sandwich with grilled peppers and onions. It was delicious, with a unique flavor that I had a hard time identifying. On my second visit, the daily special was a Chicken Confit that frankly was like a high-end version of buffalo wings, served with mash potatoes and asparagus. This was simply comfort food I can't describe. Spicy, creamy, comforting. Amazing. Thanks to the chef's & waitstaff, be back soon!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2014,10/8/2014,112,53,1,2,2>I had a great experience at this salon. I had a horrible hair cut when I was younger (at a different salon) so I was hesitant to try a new salon. After seeing all the great yelp reviews I had to try it!The salon was very understanding of my hair nightmare and did nothing but listen and make me feel comfortable. I left looking like me just without the split ends and it was perfect! Just what I wanted. Thank you so much for the great hair cut!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2014,10/7/2014,0,5,1,2,2>This little BBQ joint is a nice find for your trip to Guthrie.  We live nearby and gave them a shot.  We ordered the smoked prime rib and a rack of ribs.   The prime rib was cooked correctly and did have a nice flavor.  The BBQ was tasty and tender although there wasn't really a signature flavor that would make it stand out.  Sides were good, especially the Mac and cheese.  They offered grilled corn that was good but served without any butter or seasoning.  Overall the service was good.  The price was very fair.  We spent about 34 for both of their signature meals.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2014,10/6/2014,25,57,,2,3>If I could give ten stars to this place, I would. My first bite of pizza from here immediately transported me back to those delicious east coast style pizzas I love. We order from here with increasing frequency and perhaps embarrassingly large amount of food for just two people but hey! When you find something that good you gotta go back. All the pizzas have been cooked perfectly with fresh sauce and toppings. Even the cheese tastes good quality. Never greasy. The pastas are good. The salads are alright. Dining in we've always had excellent customer service from the wait staff. One of my first stops for taking out of town friends and family for when you need to feed a crowd and don't want to cook. The owner always seems to be there and is super friendly and engaging.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2014,10/5/2014,89,245,2,4,6>Amazing, top-notch studio quietly tucked away on a street off Jones Avenue. Before you walk in, you smell the zen (is that sandalwood? patchouli? no idea, but it's subtle, and I like it). The first hall you walk down has walls covered in beautiful local (?) art and then there is the sunlit lobby room with a little greenery-filled kitchen area, the table where you pay, locker rooms to your right and then bathrooms/showers to your left. It is so pretty here, like some kind of rustic, minimalist temple. The level 1 class I took with Andrew was both relaxing and challenging. Most beginners would be comfortable, but at the same time, more advanced yogis have the space to grow. Andrew was very compassionate and takes the time to get to know you and also help you adjust so that you can know your potential. They also have cute yoga bags, tees, and some other clothing for sale. This is a place where you will get some om's in and perhaps a longer savasana than you might be used to. But the meditation time is lovely, and Andrew has some very encouraging words to say about life and reality. You will sweat as well. I will definitely be coming back. Also, they have teacher training here as well.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,10/4/2014,107,56,1,5,5>Love this place and location. Lots of parking and very trendy atmosphere They have a poster board displaying the teas and coffees with their information Plus they have bakery items, fruit and sushi! If you order tea I suggest only ordering 1 and splitting between everyone. They serve a whole small pot. Didn't get the chance to taste sushi but it looked amazing.Prices were about $5-6 a drink and $10-15 for food
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,10/3/2014,29,59,2,5,5>Absolutely love this place. My sister & I played there last Friday night, it was the first time I had been there. When we entered, there was a book reading about to begin in the theater--a great crowd and sweet ladies greeted us at the door. We made our way into the cafe (where they host live music) and found a cozy & eclectic spot that offered food, coffee, wine & beer. Helen is the nicest person, she was there the entire night & helped us with everything we needed. Her staff was excellent and the overall experience was so positive. We look forward to returning in September to perform again, and in the meantime, we will return to enjoy their many events such as improv, poetry readings, spoken word, comedy night, karaoke, etc!
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,10/2/2014,131,37,1,5,3>This is hands down my favorite restaurant in OKC.  They get 5 stars in every area from me for service, food, ambience, cocktails, decor and anything else one might rate at their establishment.  The servers are always very knowledgeable about the specials, current menu, wine offerings and they have perfected the ability to be available and helpful, yet not intrusive. Their cocktails are some of the best I have ever had next to the Spicy Secreto in Santa Fe.  Try the Parisien or the As Thyme Goes By.  They are both wonderful and they both have my favorite liquer, St. Germain.Try their Filet.  It is topped with perfectly sauteed mushrooms and the best butter sauce that will ever touch your palate.  If that wasn't enough it comes with a side of glazed carrots which are prepared the only way carrots should ever be, softened but still al dente with a sweet and salty glaze.  Don't miss out on their Cream of Mushroom Soup or Key Lime Pie either. The Cream of Mushroom soup is a decadent treat chock full of button mushrooms.  The Key Lime Pie is just right.  The crust is a perfect balance of walnuts and graham cracker to compliment the Key Lime filling. It is sinful almost.I absolutely adore the fact that they give you mignardises or a lagniappe.  At the conclusion of every meal they bring you a mini champagne flute filled with fresh berries and fresh whipped cream.  It's like an amuse bouche, but at the conclusion of a meal.I tip my hat to you Paseo Grill.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,10/1/2014,30,63,1,5,4>OKCMOA has so much to offer. I bring people from out of down here and they're always amazed that OKC has such a great museum! With rotating exhibits, and regular film screenings (primarily indie or foreign films) it is a place you can truly frequent. Memberships are very reasonable, and worth the price if you attend even semi frequently. They also offer art classes for all ages, a rooftop view, many special events, and wonderful food at their cafe! So it is definitely a great place for everyone.I like to frequent their cocktails on the skyline on Thursday evenings, because they have a great view of the city, and live music. Plus you can go see the exhibits while you are there, and a few film screenings - all for $5!
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,9/30/2014,10,32,6,5,5>This place is awesome. We drive about 25 minutes just to eat here because the place is so cheap and has such great variety. It's also right next to a Korean market that sells fresh kimchi and other banchan.The woman who works the front counter and also serves the tables is such a sweet lady. In my typical fashion, I ordered everything that sounded good, to which the lady replied "too much." Immediately I remembered the last time I was here, she had said the same thing, offering to cut various things off the order, without much sacrifice to variety.For example, I ordered a full order of fried dumplings and she asked me if six were enough because that's what we'd be getting for free (what the hell?). I also ordered two entrees (bulgogi and spicy pork) and two sushi rolls (kimbap and tuna maki). She kept saying I ordered too much and offered to do a half/half order on the kimbap and tuna (which was HUGE), fully realizing that I did not want to sacrifice either roll! She willingly reduced the cost of the order because she could see my eyes were bigger than my stomach, while at the same time accommodating the variety I craved. It was the most ridiculous, unadulterated display of customer service I have ever experienced.At the end of our meal, my girlfriend and I were groaning, satisfied but stuffed. The lady was right; we did try to order way too much! I tipped her approximately double what I would normally tip just because of how kind and generous she was. My girlfriend normally says I'm a cheap tipper because I always do 15%, but not tonight my friends! I even protectively guarded the tip lest it fall into the wrong hands, while my girlfriend was perusing the pastries. I have never cared so much about tipping someone before.Let's move on to the food, which at this point hardly even mattered since I was so impressed already.Banchan - 5/5All solid entries, but nothing super delicious. Kimchi was very good. I have to give them a 5/5 for this though because of the sheer variety. Furthermore, in addition to all the little dishes, we also got a small plate of orange chicken and 6 fried dumplings. How is this stuff included??? There is also an unlimited supply of miso soup for free. Is this real life?Bulgogi - 3/5Definitely not what most people are used to. It's very different from what you'd get at a cookie cutter Korean barbecue place. Kind of tasted like beef jerky. I liked it, but I've had much more savory bulgogi.Spicy Pork - 3/5Decent. The lady asking me if I wanted carrots and onions in it was a nice touch. I prefer the cookie cutter Korean barbecue spicy pork though. Kimbap - 4/5Awesome. For those who don't know what this is, it's basically beef sushi. Super addicting. I could eat like 30 of these.Tuna Maki - 4/5Surprisingly fresh. As good as you could possibly expect from the price.Altogether, the entrees were lackluster, but the appetizers and variety were out of this world. If you rate just the food against much more expensive Korean places, then of course this place falls short, but if you take all things into consideration such as the pure value, variety, and customer service then this place is nothing short of absurd, in a good way.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,9/29/2014,24,33,4,4,5>V-I-N-Y-L!!!!  I should not have to say anything more than that, but if I must I will say ...A GREAT SELECTION OF OLD AND NEW V-I-N-Y-L!  For anyone that is a vinyl appreciator that is under the age of 40, this place will satisfy your itch for classic vinyl and newer releases as well.  I just bought the new Beck album for Record Store Day and I have been known to go in strictly for classic early 60s albums like The Zombies and The Shangri-Las as well.  It is rare that I cannot find what I am looking for which is a huge plus in my book.And the last time I stopped in I noticed that they are amassing quite a collection of vintage stereo equipment that makes my heart sing with delight!  I have been looking to purchase a vintage set that is in good working condition because anyone who knows the Wall of Sound knows that music should never be listened to through modern speakers.  This record store was 1/2 of the reason I bought the house I did.  Having this place close enough to walk to is a dream come true!  Anyone looking to add to their vinyl collection or looking to start one ... this is the place to go.  You can pick up a long time favorite and maybe something new to tickle your eardrums, reinvigorate your love of music and entice your imagination.  The possibilities are enormous and the prices are fair to cheap depending on what you are on the hunt for.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,6/30/2014,214,465,4,12,7>I'm so glad to have been introduced to this restaurant! The space is small but cozy. There are a lot of things on the menu. I settled for a basic gyro sandwich and fries on my first visit. It was one of the best I've ever had! The gyro meat was covered in fresh tomatoes, green onions, and lettuce. Our waitress was a very sweet woman. I can't think of anything I didn't like here. Prices were not very expensive and you get a good amount of food for what you are paying. I heard it can get very crowded here so finding a place to sit might be a problem.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2014,6/29/2014,39,59,,4,2>Surprisingly solid place!Free salsa and free queso, with chips.  The salsa is solid and I liked it a lot. The queso is perectly average for your typical free queso.Ambiance is OU sporty with Mexican old country touches. Our booth was a little uncomfortable, but it wasn't a big deal. You don't come here for the ambiance.You come here for the food. A wide variety of your expected Tex Mex fare. BONUS: they have a LITE menu with calories posted!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  You are totally not going to find this info at other locally- or regionally-owned Tex Mex places. What a great surprise that was. I love Tex Mex, but I go less often than I would like due to the calorie bomb it typically represents. Tulio's helps you around that!  A+I had the cajun chicken off the lite menu (cajun?  Cajun.)  Was it cajunny?  Not especially. Was it sort of blackened and had blackening spices?  Yes.  Was it tasty?  VERY. The steamed rice was VERY good, borracho beans sort of standard.  huge sopapillas.My one quibble is that the price point is a little high for walking into a not-super-nice place in a strip mall. But you do get free chips, salsa, queso.  We will definitely be back.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2014,6/28/2014,60,285,,5,3>Was browsing yelp one day looking for a good lunch spot. Guess what?? I found it. I am a bit of a sushi snob and haven't found many places in the OKC area that I really think has top notch sushi. We ordered the shrimp tempura to start with. Next up was 4 sushi rolls. We ordered the dream, lucky lady, baked crawfish and the snow mountain. Every one of these rolls were fresh and delicious. I usally order extra eel sauce and spicy mayo on the side at most places. I didn't need to with these rolls are they were some of the best I have had in the OKC area. So I guess I now have 2 places in the area that I will go to when wanting to eat sushi. I deffinately recommend this place.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,6/27/2014,38,43,,5,2>Opus, Opus, Opus......Oh how I love thee.  First thing is first though!  I don't understand these bad reviews on one of my most desireable steak establishments to frequest in the OKC area.  I see most of them are mainly about service.  Well my service is always top notch everytime I visit this palace of ribeyes.  My waiter this time was MICAH (always an ace in my book) and he was extraordinary as always.  My wife and I had reservations on Valentines Day this year and OH,how they DID NOT disappoint us at all.  Now, first off V-Days are tricky at certain restaurants because they all usually have a "turn and burn" mentality because everyone is usually trying to have dinner and they want to make as much money as they can.  No problem with this philosphy because I am a capitalist and understand the mindset behind this but sometimes you get a restaurant full of one nighters and this can lessen your experience. Not tonight though!  The service was at its best and they made you feel like this was a one in a lifetime experience.  I ordered the Ribeye (as always) and my wife order the Fried Jumbo Shrimp.  Both were superb along with our lobster MAC AND CHEESE and asparagus spears.  Once again, GREAT FOOD, GREAT SERVICE and an overall GREAT NIGHT!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,6/26/2014,104,246,,7,5>I'm pretty happy to have this restaurant so close to my house because I love Middle Eastern/Indian food. It is quite obvious that Sheesh Mahal has not been open for very long at all. I walked in and asked if they had a menu I could look at and she said they didn't have menus (yet?). Their daily specials are listed on a chalkboard on the wall. The woman who greeted me asked if I was familiar with Indian food and I told her that I was but just wanted to know what vegetarian options they had. They had three vegetarian items today and she told me I could just get a sampler with all of them. Of course I wanted to try everything so I ordered the sampler which included zucchini aloo, daal fry, green masala rice, naan, salad and dessert. All of that food was around $10 and was definitely enough to have leftovers.All of the food was very good with an excellent flavor and it came out quickly. The rice was delicious and I especially enjoyed the zucchini aloo. The naan was a little burnt and one of the pieces was somewhat crispy but it was still tasty! The service was great and they told me that they have a different menu every day. It would be nice if they had an actual menu to look at for every day so I could know what their daily specials are but hopefully they will do that soon. I hope this restaurant succeeds because it could become something really great and I could definitely see it becoming a place I frequent.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,6/25/2014,52,137,,6,5>I've been frequenting All American Pizza for quite a few months. Whenever we need a good pizza for a low price this is near the top of my list. There are other places nearby that over super cheap pizza but they usually are really hit or miss on quality. All American consistently makes a good pie with crispy crust, good ingredients and a very affordable price.Is it the best pizza in town? Absolutely not, but I don't always need the best and this is a great alternative nearby the house. The crust is made fresh supposedly, ingredients are well dispersed across the pie and they don't skimp on the cheese. Employees are friendly and I can usually get a fresh pie in 10 minutes. My biggest complaint is their hours. They close early and aren't always a available when I really need my pizza fix. Overall, a good pizza for a very good price.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,6/24/2014,81,105,2,6,3>The food is delicious- wholesome and expertly prepared, beautifully presented. Sadly, the service was painfully slow today. I wanted to enjoy a leisurely lunch, but I got far more leisure than I'd hoped for.  The wait staff seemed oddly myopic and oblivious. Kind enough when they came to the table, but slower than tortoises stuck in mud.  I absolutely loved the cold pressed carrot, apple, and ginger juice and quesadillas (vegan, gluten-free, corn free) and I'll come back... when I have *plenty* of time to sit. The food has been figured out; putting the staff in motion seems an important goal.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,6/23/2014,20,38,2,4,3>I love this place! The waiter was so funny and full of life! You can tell he just was not there for a money, he really enjoyed his job!When I went I enjoyed the drinks, hummus and dessert. The hummus was really fresh with yummy soft pita bread, they bring you extra pita bread too if you run out.I don't remember all the drinks I had but I wanted to try a variety. The first was Tracy's Garden, it was a basil, mint and cucumber drink, very refreshing! The second was blueberry Hill or something like that, this one was my favorite! Very sweet and girly, the other two.... well I cannot seem to remember...haha!Then I ended the eve with the famous whiskey cake!! So delish, with homemade whipped cream!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,6/22/2014,15,26,,4,4>My husband and I originally stopped at party wagon because we had the groupon. We will be returning. This place is absolutely amazing. The place is a little strange inside. I think it was once a whataburger. I had a burger with jalapeños, Fritos, and homemade chili on it. Oh my goodness, it was probably the best burger I've ever had, and the buns were almost like a sweet bun that perfectly complimented the burger. The fries are great too. Not too greasy or salty. While we were there we got to chat with the owner. His backstory is super inspiring and he is so friendly that it makes me want to come back even more. I definitely recommend this place.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,6/20/2014,62,149,,2,1>Last night was our first time at Stella's. We had a great experience. We started with the short ribs pizza with caramelized onions and fontina. It was absolutely delicious-thin crust, crispy deliciousness! For dinner I has the short rib ragu over rigatoni in a spicy red sauce. It was outstanding! My husband had the pappardelle with lump crab meet in a lemon creme sauce. It was really refreshing and light, but not for me. The short rib rigatoni was comfort food, exactly what I was looking for! A post-wedding treat, because I've been off carbs for so long! Next time I was a carb-heavy splurge, well definitely be returning to Stella's!
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2012,3/3/2012,60,285,,2,1>My favorite place to grab a drink in Norman. I almost always stop at The Mont when I am in Norman. I always get a swirl and some chips and queso. Both of these are what the Mont is known for. The queso is top notch. The swirls are strong and might be the cheapest and tastiest buzz in Norman. I love this place and would recommend it to any who wants a place to grab a drink and an appetizer. The bad part is I can't really say much for the rest of the menu. I have had a few things other than what I have previously wrote about. Nothing really sticks out as great nor was anything really that bad. This place is one of the best bars in Norman and I would recommend that everyone should stop here once and grab a legendary SWIRL!!!
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,3/2/2012,9,51,,3,2>This is by far the best botanical garden I've ever visited. The folks who work here and run the place are just the sweetest, and they take really good care of the gardens. Students: you get a big discount with your student ID! You can't beat a morning in a beautiful garden with your husband for under $10.Myriad has a huge variety of plants in their garden, and most of them are labeled so you can see what species you're looking at. They also have a fun section of fruit trees/plants. I'd never seen a pineapple growing out of the ground before, or a cocoa pod on a cocoa tree!When you go to the upper level, you'll be surprised to find butterflies fluttering by and tiny lizards scurrying about. It adds to the experience. So do the waterfalls and ponds.I only visited the indoor section, because it was early spring and still cool outside, but am looking forward to coming back to see the outside this summer.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2010,2/29/2012,447,11,,12,5>I had gone to the same hair stylist for over a decade before I ever tried Trichology Salon. I met one of the owners Greg Welchel through both of our Social Media efforts in the Oklahoma City community. I became friends with Greg for quite some time before I tried the Salon. He never once pressured me to come in and see him because he knew I had gone to the same person for so many years. He respected the loyalty and I knew at that moment he was a great person and an authentic, ethical stand up guy. So, months later I need to get in to my guy. He couldn't schedule it so I called Greg and he re-arranged his schedule to make it happen. I got hooked up with Travis Briggs and I liked the cut so much better than my current stylist, that I knew I was going back for good. On top of that, the place is spotlessly clean, wi-fi available very current and up to date design with artwork on the wall that makes it more of an actual social experience, versus just a hair cut. The staff is extremely courteous, friendly and respectful and I love the fact that everyone there is hugely tech savvy and many times since my initial visit I have tweeted with Travis to schedule my next appointment. How cool is that? Anyway, as you can see, I can not say enough good things about Trichology Salon and its' people. I would highly recommend them to anyone looking to find a new place to call their hair stylist home. I have never experienced a salon such as this, they've broken the mold and are definitely THE Premier Salon in Oklahoma City, and I would even venture to say in this whole part of the country. I'll be back time and time again.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,2/28/2012,18,14,,2,1>Even though Bud Light select isn't my fave, I cant pass up free beer! so far since relocating from Phoenix in October 2011 this is the first place worth writing about. super friendly staff, loved the atmosphere, very well decorated. Just a fun , hip place. We had the bruschetta, gourmet tots and the wings, the bruschetta was my favorite. Very Yummy. the best part was even though draft beer is free and they constantly refill your beer glass, their wide selection of craft beers was very affordable, we had Sierra Nevada's just 5 bucks a pop.  I wish I had room for more food, as the person sitting near us had a cheeseburger and it looked sooooo good!! Maybe next time, as we will be back
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2011,2/27/2012,89,245,,3,2>Wow, a place all about tea!!!! I love it. :) They have AMAZING tea variety, and such quality too. Beautiful sunlight coming through, a good deal of outlets for your computer, wifi, and the best indie (think Last Kiss soundtrack) music. Great place to study. They have two comfy chairs in the corner and three or four other tables/chairs. Nice, spacious bathroom. Local art on the walls (that you will seriously want to improve your apartment with). A great place, which definitely has its own awesome style. Not too commercial at all. Love it and it is my new favorite place to study. Should definitely be tried. PLUS it is in the same shopping center as BlueSeven (awesome clothing store) and a Pho place that is super good. Kristy is of course the most amazing host/owner/tea mentor. You can buy the loose leaf tea here as well, and I would definitely recommend switching from tea bags if you care about tea as much as I do. It is very simple once you purchase a perfect little mug (that they sell) which has a stainless steel filter and a little lid. Drinking loose leaf tea is is easy with this beautiful mug. (I realize I sound like a commercial. Deal with it).The orangecicle, iced, btw way, is my favorite iced tea selection.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,2/26/2012,45,143,4,5,3>This place is beautiful, one of the more amazing places that I have found in my short time in Oklahoma city. Huge windows, nice wooden tables and chairs and nice art on the walls. I have been there during non-peak times and I even want to say that it's tranquil... but I might have been lucky to be there when it was slow... The coffee is a little more froo froo than your normal places, and the counter people will help you pick one that is right for you. Secondly they have crepes (don't want to spell that one incorrectly!) of various flavors which I love, Philadelphia had these wonderful crepe trucks, so it's nice to smell them again. Over all you will spend between 5-10 bucks, but it is a great place to study, drink something good and be in a beautiful place...
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,2/25/2012,100,68,2,4,4>Now, I am known for my cupcakes and I can be a bit picky, but Cuppies & Joe is great! I had been to other cupcake places but they either have too much frosting/icing or the cupcakes are too big and overpriced with half the flavor. Love the atmosphere. The staff was really helpful when it came to choosing my first round of cupcakes from here. I had the Boom Boom Pow (caramel and sea salt) - it was amazing! Also had the Horsebite (carrot cake with cream cheese frosting) another great one, and the special for that day that had a brownie consistency with peanut butter frosting. It was definitely a richer cupcake but lacked the flavor the others had. That was probably my least favorite, but still, it was really good. I mean, really, really good.Cuppies is cheap, has a cozy atmosphere, and best of all they have exceptional cupcakes that are not overly sweet. Go if you want a quality cupcake!
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2011,2/24/2012,62,45,3,3,3>There are plenty of places to get sushi in the OKC metro, but thus far, this is the only place I've found that has what I'd consider authentic. The seafood in their rolls and nigiri tastes as fresh as you can get when you're as landlocked as we are in OKC. And yes, for those of you who crave dairy and tempura in your sushi rolls, there's plenty of mayonnaise to go around.The Tokyo box and lunch specials are great deals, particularly if you're not sure what to order.The service isn't speedy, but it's always friendly. The building is a little sketchy, and the decor is pretty much non-existent. It's a culinarily glorified hole in the wall, and it's worth every penny you spend.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2011,2/23/2012,34,45,,2,1>just went to guestroom records (FINALLY after three years... im a bad person)they have a good selection of records! both current artists and your favorite old bands. i think the price is reasonable too. you might be lucky and find a record at a thrift store for 50 cents but its most likely at guestroom records for a reasonable price, so i think its worth it.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2012,2/22/2012,6,20,1,5,3>I've been training here since 2007 and it's made a huge impact on my life. I came to Lovato's off of the recommendation of my brother's jiu jitsu coach in Japan! It amazed me that we would have a world famous jiu jitsu school in Oklahoma, plus it was just down the street from my home, so I checked it out. I thought I was pretty tough, having wrestled for a few years, but training here was a reality check. The great thing is that while Lovato's is full of really tough guys, they're all great training partners and great teachers. If you want to know about the level of these guys, just google Rafael Lovato Jr. (head instructor) and you'll see how accomplished he is, along with his competition team. If you're interested in learning jiu jitsu, boxing, muay thai, wrestling, and/or MMA, you need to check out Lovato's.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,1/31/2013,139,130,3,5,5>Go go there right now!  This place is seriously at the top of my list- and not just my sushi list! I have been for dinner once and lunch twice and each time it has been fresh, fast, and have had great service.  It is hard to get fresh fish this far inland, but every roll I have had at Go GO has been delicious.  They have all the standards, from California to Rock n Roll plus several of their own specialties. The portions are just right and I haven't had a piece fall apart on me-- that's the true test of a great sushi chef!They have daily lunch specials, but you can get an $8 Bento box at any time- so much food for so little cash! I tried their spring rolls last time and was very impressed.  I don't get out much for lunch, but I have found that I can get in and out of there quickly and not feel silly sitting there by myself.  The staff have all been friendly- checking in on me mid-meal, offering to refill my drink, and asking if I'm having a good day.  I saw a table waiting for their meal for maybe 7 minutes, and a waitress came by and said "I am so sorry that you are STILL waiting, I will be right back" and she did! All in all a great place to grab a great meal before you get get on your way!
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,1/30/2013,5,11,,4,1>After hitting a couple of Starbucks for a small business meeting only to find their 10 small tables full of laptop users, we decided to try this place.  It was busy, but has plenty of spacious and comfortable seating.  The menu detailed and vast.  The staff was friendly and informative.  I had the (forgot the name) spicy chicken wrap.  It was yummy.  We ended up closing the place down.  I really love my Starbucks, but I think I'll be frequenting this place more often.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,1/29/2013,6,2,,3,1>This wonderful little restaurant is one of our favorites in Norman.  Delicious food, fresh ingredients, great atmosphere.  My husband and I have tried everything on the menu between the two of us, and it's all simple and delicious.  We've had nothing but great experiences with all the staff, and have even been offered free dessert a couple times by the owner when they are trying out new recipes in the kitchen.  The only complaint I can muster is that we've  found ourselves craving Coriander on a Sunday when they aren't open.  However, this is to be expected with a smaller operation, and we wouldn't trade extended hours for the food quality and wonderful, family atmosphere.   Bonus:  They have delicious French press coffee!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,1/28/2013,2,7,,1,1>This is an excellent and unique little cafe run by a charming young duo. Thinking OKC already has plenty of strictly Asian restaurants they decided to diversify with Asian fusion. The result is a unique and delightful menu. I had the potstickers and the Korean beef gyro. The flavors were rich and bright. I can't wait to return and try more of the menu. You should not miss eating here. It has a charm that chain restaurants can't match.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,1/27/2013,123,113,4,7,3>Spouse and I had visited here once before and had a good experience, so we decided to visit here for my birthday. We arrived at 6PM on a Friday with a reservation, and were shown promptly to our table. Now, as a birthday gift, please allow me a few digressions in this review starting now: what is with OKC's inability to get behind reservations? Some of you people would rather wait 60-90 minutes for a table instead of planning ahead and calling in a reservation. Now, because Spouse and I are the old farts who go to dinner at 6PM, we probably didn't need the reservation. However, it let the restaurant know a) they had an early table coming in, b) it was a birthday, and c) they shouldn't include our table in the large group that was arriving as we were leaving. Nothing but positives in making reservations. Of course, many restaurants are hesitant to take reservations because they think people around here no-show and they're stuck holding tables. There are ways around that that they teach in Restaurant Management 101. Ping me for more details.Bellini's is a really nice space. Dark work, nice lighting (if you're there during the day, try to get closer to the patio for natural lighting; we were there for a nice intimate dinner, so the cozier feel in the back of the space worked well for us), and appropriate mid-tempo electro-lounge music playing (volume and tempo were a little off-putting at times, but they were probably using a pre-purchased mix or service. Everyone hits a clunker now and then, and it didn't happen often enough to be a distraction).Our server Lorianne greeted us promptly and took our drink orders right away. We placed an order for a calamari steak appetizer to share to start, and settled in with the menu. Bellini's menu is broad, but not overwhelming. They have a nice array of appetizers and salads, and we saw several tables ordering pizzas to share (something we'll remember next time). It's Italian in inspiration, but not what I would consider traditional Italian by any definition. There's a healthy beer and cocktail menu, and the wine list is one of the better lists I've seen in OKC. Spouse doesn't drink anymore, so I confined my eyes to choices fit for solo consumption.When the appetizer came out, it was served with both a regular olive oil and a suhdried tomato olive oil on the plate, along with a black olive tapenade. The tapenade was a great addition, with the briny olives complimenting the richness of the squid. The breading was crisp, but held a little too much oil. I'm not sure whether it was an issue with the breading, or merely a result of the steak not being drained sufficiently. It was still a good appetizer, but I felt like the extra oil hid some of the squid's flavor.Our salads came out first. Spouse chose the grilled romaine, which was wrapped in proscuttio with an ancho-lemon-chipotle dressing topped with parmesan and crostini. It looked beautiful, and had a pleasantly smoky taste throughout. The proscuttio was a little sinewy and tough to cut, but the flavor was still excellent. I had the carpaccio topped with arugula tossed in lemon vinaigrette. It was my first experience with carpaccio, but hopefully not my last. The beef was buttery and fresh, and provided a great contrast to the peppery bitterness of the greens and the acidity of the vinaigrette. Overall, very pleasant.Each entree at Bellini's comes with your choice of a house salad or a cup of soup. Since we had ordered separate salads, we each got a soup. Spouse had a cream-based tomato basil, which looked and tasted wonderful. I selected a butternut squash cream soup. It had a nice squash flavor, but one spoonful finished me. I can't handle super rich foods, and the cream base did me in. That, however, was an issue with me and not the soup.The entrees were osso buco and ruby red trout. Both were executed extremely well (especially the osso buco, which I rarely have these days). We finished half of our meals, then took the rest home to save room for dessert. The meal finished with great coffee along with a chocolate creme brulee and a tiramisu. Delicious. Overall, the service was the best we've received in the city, and the food was first rate. We'll definitely be back for multiple visits.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,1/26/2013,93,112,6,7,6>This is the hidden gem of Oklahoma's music scene, for indie music at least.  A very small intimate space that amazingly enough books some high end talent as well as local and regional acts.  Owned in part by member's of Oklahoma's own Starlight Mints, this is the best place in Norman to see a show.  Think the Rome of old but on a much smaller scale.   I have been to a number of shows here including Sebadoh, Reverend Organdrum (Jim Heath of the Reverend Horton Heat's side project), Calhoun, Bob Mould and even the legendary Genital Chaucer over the years.  I've also been to a few private events by friends that have "bands" - basically just an excuse to get up and jam on a decent stage and play rock star for a night.  All in all a great place to see a show and unlike other of Oklahoma's smaller venues they have great restrooms, are non smoking (unless you go onto the outside deck), have decently priced drinks and I don't believe I've ever paid much over $15 for any of their shows. How they accomplish this is beyond me when maximum capacity has to be well under 200, but I won't complain. There is a hipster vibe and but not overwhelmingly so and some very cool art can be found and apparently they allow if not encourage patrons to doodle their own graffitti on the walls, especially in the bathrooms.  I highly recommend this place for a show.  Their advertising budget must be nil because oftentimes I'll only find out an artist I like is playing here from the artist's website itself and if you drive by too quickly you'll miss it but don't miss out on one of Oklahoma's true great places to see a show.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2012,1/25/2013,47,207,,5,2>There is nothing about this place I do not like.  There is organization to the store.  The prices are fair and reasonable and the items are of good quality.  They do have stuff that has already been used or worn but it is far from shopping at GoodWill.  Nothing is stained, torn or otherwise imperfect.  They don't sell crap or junk.  They actually even have some brand new stuff with the tags still on it.Hattie is there a lot and is the friendliest person in the world.  She was made for her job.  No one could do it better.  She genuinely loves every customer and wants to help them find their perfect item.  She is a little chatty but in a friendly, genuine way.The bridal section is amazing and Hattie knows how to help you get in and out of every dress.  They have a great selection of wedding dresses and wedding party dresses.  The prices are beyond reasonable and fair.  I bought my wedding dress here and I honestly cannot even tell it has ever been worn before.  Why spend 2k on a dress when i can spend $400 and still get my dream dress?The only downside is the location.  It is kind of in a weird part of town and difficult to back out on to a busy street from the parking space but I love the store and everything about it so much. I wouldn't dare take away a star for something so relatively minor.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,1/24/2013,443,449,11,11,8>Let me pull out my "I'm an Indian, so I know about Indian food" card here. And this should probably go without saying (but you would not believe how many people get it confused); Indian of the dot, not feather variety. Now that I've played into some blatant stereotypes, let's move on to the food. Apologies for the length. Jump to the end if you want the short version.They get the spices right for most (not all) of their dishes. For that, I have to commend them. For example, the standard fare that you will find in every Indian buffet (Chicken Tikka Masala, Vegetable Korma, etc.) are all decently flavored. However, when comparing to other Indian restaurants, my one gripe is that Gopuram has a tendency to use only white meat chicken, and unbelievably tough white meat chicken at that. Sometimes, it doesn't matter if it's flavored well if you feel tired from chewing on such tough meat. But this seems to be an issue only once in a while for me.Everything else available is yummy (usually). The rice, the kabobs, the 3 or 4 different flavors of chicken, the mutton curry, the tandoori chicken, the fried fish, the naan, and the list goes on. Even the simple things like the potato pakora (just some masala flavored potato that's battered and fried) is amazing, particularly when you drench it in Chicken Tikka Masala curry. How fat do I sound right now? The desserts (particularly the cold ones) are yummy. The mango pudding, or the payasam (kheer), is fairly legit. The Gulab Jamun would be over the moon awesome if they didn't serve it hot. It's mindblowingly delicious when it's served as a chilled dessert, but Indian restaurants generally don't offer it that way (I suppose it's harder to make it in bulk if you have to refrigerate it for hours before serving).The place is a little more upscale compared to other Indian restaurants in the area. If you want to impress your uncultured friends, bring them here I suppose. The staff is friendly enough; nothing magical. Don't be surprised when you say thank you and the response is, "mmm." They're not being rude. They're being Indian.Short version: when Gopuram is good, it's really good. When it's bad, it's disappointing in certain aspects, but still better than some of the other Indian restaurants in the city. It's in your best interest to call in advance and ask them if they have certain items (e.g. fried fish) available, because those few items can pretty much make up for the average/sub-par things they have available. Also, don't say "namaste" when you walk in. You come off as condescending, and more than a little silly.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,1/23/2013,44,33,2,3,3>This is a great flat top burger place, and probably one of my favorites in Oklahoma.  I have had a few onion burgers in my day, and this place is where it is at.  It is very clean, unlike many other onion burger places that I've been to, and the staff is very quick and polite.  I love their fresh cut fries, and you get quite a bit of them with your order.  I usually go there for lunch, and around 1:00 PM. it is not too bad.  I have always been able to find a parking spot and have a place to sit.  The one thing that I believe that could be improved about Tucker's is their buns.  I'm not talking about taste here, just there size.  They taste amazing, but if you try to take on a double, get ready for a mess!  It's almost so bad that you need to eat the entire thing with a fork and knife, and for a burger place, that's just not right!  Though it is amazingly delicious!  All in all, this place is great, and I will definitely be a regular here!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,1/22/2013,41,399,1,3,2>We had a great lunch. I've wanted to try Cheever's for a long time because of the good reviews on Yelp. We got our chance today. The place is classy, spotless, great attentive waitstaff, good prices, and the food was fantastic.Mrs Eva had the tortilla soup - is was plenty spicy, but oh, so good! She also had a Chopped Salad that was more than she could eat. She raved over the light lemon vinaigrette dressing. I had the special which was a chicken fried steak sandwich. The chicken fry was prepared with tender steak and a big slice of portobello mushroom and some bread crumb paste inside the crunchy breading. The sauce was a southwest ranch style dressing that I finished off by dipping with the homemade rolls (I wanted to lick the bowl). This was assembled on a ciabatta bun with lettuce and tomato. A little onion off of Mrs Eva's salad added a nice bite. It was the best flavored and textured chicken fry sandwich I've ever had. I was glad they brought a steak knife because there was no way to pick up the sandwich to eat it. There was a side of Jicama slaw that was a little sweeter than I like, but it was very interesting and tasty.I really enjoyed my first trip to Cheevers and it will not be my last.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,2/21/2012,325,37,2,4,3>Go to the one on 16th, in the Plaza. Ask for Joan. She is probably booked for months but ask for her anyway because she is the best. (Also she ranks in the top ten of our informal list of hottest gals in OKC) Side note: There is a great vintage shop in there so you can try on goofy hats or pick up a vinyl yellow clutch for your "I Have Too Many Purses" collection while you wait for your appointment. Or just  sit in the lobby and play "Find the Owl/Butterfly/Octupi" in the sea of tattoos.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,2/18/2012,21,77,3,5,4>I was super excited about this concept opening in Oklahoma City.  This is how a restaurant should be.  Not that frozen, premade shipped from lord knows where with an ungodly amount of chemicals and preservatives thrown in food people get all excited over at chain restaurants.  No thanks, I like to taste my food and not gain 10 pounds from sodium overload.  Lucky for me, places like Ludivine exist.  The food here is deeeelish, and you feel good about eating it.    From beginning to end the presentation, wait staff, bar staff, atmosphere, food, drinks, and quality are top notch.  Ludivine is now among my favorites.  I won't tell you who it replaced though... ;)
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,4/2/2013,83,76,,4,2>Love this store. Can't stop checking what they have every month. We are lucky to have this store in OKC. I love contemporary. You will be surprised that they do offer good quality contemporary furniture at very reasonable competitive price...compared to some over priced stores in Dallas and some online....Or if you know any better store or site, let me know....Good customer service.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,4/1/2013,239,335,,7,2>Their buffet is good and pretty extensive. I love their Mongolian grill as well. I know their food is good because I work with tons of Vietnamese people and this is the place they choose to go to in the area by which we work. You can also go through the buffet to-go and stuff the box as full as you want for one flat price! It is always extremely busy for lunch but the service is great and you will get in and out of there even if you're in a hurry.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,3/31/2013,443,449,8,10,9>I avoided T:AUT for a really long time. I think the hype made me nervous. However, the main reason is that I'm unnaturally lazy; a lot of my dining decisions are contingent on my location at that particular moment. So I had to actually make the effort of heading to T:AUT for the specific purpose of trying T:AUT. Having tried it, I can see why people (like our illustrious CM) think so highly of it. The hype is deserved.I frequently go for the Masala Chai options whenever it's available[1]. So far, I've tried the Shimla, and also a bit of the Maha...rashtra? Maha... raja? Mahasomething? I'm genuinely impressed with both, but Shimla is a guaranteed win for me. It's the closest thing I've had in OKC that could compare to homemade, grandma-approved, Indian Masala Chai. Get it with the milk of your choice, and request a 2 or a 3 on the sweetness (3 if you're wanting diabetes). The delightful proprietor explained that an Indian couple makes the Masala Chai and she then buys it from them. That's pretty dandy.Look out, here comes Negative Nancy: Recently when I went with a friend, after the "KeepItLocalOK" discount, two cups of Masala Chai came to $9.00+. That... is kind of ridiculous[1]. It's actually more than kind of ridiculous. But at least it's made well so I can't really argue that I'm getting a poor quality product for such high prices. Regardless, I'm a fan and this place is on my "take out of town friends here" list. Or I guess I could just make the Masala Chai at home by myself[1], but that would require me to get over my unnatural laziness. Random Extra(s):A. There is a variety of local art on the walls that you can buy if you feel inclined. One of the artists even came in when we were there recently and we talked to her (very) briefly about her work. But there's this one painting (on the South wall) that has some kind of... creature (for the lack of a better word) eating a bloody heart. It's an incredibly jarring piece that creeps me out every time my eyes catch it. I'm hoping it gets sold soon or something, because I really don't like looking at it. The other local artwork is more fitting for a tea shop. Then again, what do I know? I'm not an artist. I just know what gives me nightmares. Sorry, artist person who painted that.B. The chairs are incredibly flimsy. Lean back if you dare, but I'm pretty sure it won't be able to handle even the most petite of frames. Seriously, it's more terrifying than the bloody heart eating monster painting. The couches in the corner are nice though.[1]Note: It's the Indian in me.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2012,3/30/2013,111,61,3,7,2>I know, I know, it's known as being a bit low class, but for me, it gets four stars. Why? For under $15 I can get a 12 ounce KC strip that I've paid MUCH more for at other places around town. Sure you can buy the $6.99 special, but seriously, what do you expect when paying that little.Here's how to get the most out of your visit to Cimarron.  1. Ask for a bowl of beans for the table. It's free. Douse it with tabasco.2. Order ANY steak other than the special.3. If you want a pretty good burger, order that instead. Seriously, one of the better burgers in town.4. Don't order a salad if you are at all snooty. You're going to get iceberg and store bought dressing. Order a loaded baked potato instead.5. You in the mood for some fried appetizers? Order the sampler. You can't really go wrong with stuffed jalapeños. They're probably out of a freezer bag, but I've seen the Sysco truck behind fancier restaurants.6. Don't go in expecting Red Prime. You aren't paying for that.You're going to be so full!
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,3/29/2013,117,109,,6,3>The mule is very good. I can't get enough of the grilled cheese appetizer with the tomato soup to dip it in... Yum! I have introduced a few friends and family member to the Mule now and they all seem to love it. There aren't a whole lot of places that can make a grilled cheese sandwich any better than mom did, but they do. I am a big fan of the Fancy Pants and their battered fries. The Fancy Pants has some ingredients in it that are definitely different than most sandwiches I am used to. It has a nice sweet flavor that mixes well with the cheese and the savory meat inside. I am obviously not a professional food critic... But it is sure a tasty treat.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,3/28/2013,41,399,,5,4>Another good onion-fried burger joint. Nothing fancy, but good food, clean, and quick service. The burger is a nice 1/4 pound size, cooked together with chopped onions, served on a large bun. They have a condiment bar so you can dress your burger the way you want.Their fries are good and while not crispy, they were nicely cooked. The owner stopped by the table and apologized for the fries saying that by this time of the year, the potatoes have been stored so long that the sugars within the potatoes make it hard to cook them crispy. He said his fries by mid winter become "sub-par". I thought they were just fine.I liked my lunch and the price wasn't bad - $8 for a burger, fries, and drink. I'll eat here again.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,3/27/2013,44,137,,4,3>I didn't think it was doable, but Tucker's Classen Curve has outdone their original location. The smell onions cooking is all the bait it took to make me turn the car around after driving by. The food is great and getting a burger and fries is a no brainer. Outside that, the only thing better than the ginormous chalkboard wall is the kickarse strawberry limeade.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,3/26/2013,77,386,3,5,5>Because many of the people I've worked with in my career have been well into their fifties, I've had more than my share of conversations about how kids these days are evil creatures with no [morals/brains/work ethic].  As I've reached the age where I'm regularly working with and around people younger than me, I've reached the controversial conclusion that there is no stereotypical way to describe every person between the ages of 18-25.  Some of them are annoying, and some are cool -- just like everyone else.All this is to say that the folks at Cuppies and Joe are disturbingly nice -- the kind of nice where I paused for a second and thought "This is some kind of trick," only to realize no, they just really were kind folks there.  (I don't get out much.)  The place is in an old house on 23rd street and has a very welcoming feel thanks to the aforementioned staff.The cupcakes are very good; I grabbed one of yesterday's leftovers and had no complaints (but I'm not exactly a cupcake maestro, so I could be wrong about that).  Coffee was very good ... my only complaint was that the chair I wound up in was a little uncomfortable, but not unduly so.This one is most definitely a winner and worth a visit.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,3/25/2013,40,73,,2,2>I was lucky enough to get a tour of this place by the owner herself, Ms. Jeanette! This place is definitely one of a kind, with something for everyone! I'm going to touch on a few of my favorite things about Route 66:Their selection of soaps. They have some soap that is 100% organic, and others that have great designs in the bar of soap. So many scents too! Be sure and grab a sample if you don't get a whole bar. I should also mention this soap is super reasonably priced!Clothing. For starters, all the clothing racks look like art and are made from metal scraps. They have many different styles of clothing so there is plenty of dress up to be played here! Its currently a little out of my college student price range, but maybe one day, right?Locally made chocolate. Need I say more?I've told you enough about my shopping experience, go explore Route 66 for yourself!
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,3/23/2013,58,59,,7,4>This is already one of my new favorite places in OKC.  Really.  It's awesome, and it's really solid, especially for a place that's brand new.So, I like hookah.  I first tried it in Cleveland, spent a lazy New Orleans summer smoking it on a balcony, and even managed to find a place with hookah in Boston-- but upon moving here, none of the options I saw really excited me.  Hubbly Bubbly does.  It's in a small strip mall in Little Saigon, easily missable from the street, and when you walk up to it, it doesn't appear to be what it is.  The place is divided into two sides, a non smoking restaurant and a hookah room, but the main door is in the non smoking half, which is small, full of organized tables, and brightly lit.  The smoking room is off to the right-- and it's darker, full of low wicker chairs and couches, with low tables, not-too-loud club and Indian dance music, and a chess set off in one corner.  JD and I were escorted to a pair of low couches immediately, and we perused the menus for a bit.The shisha menu is pretty big, with all the standard flavors and some unusual ones-- plus, their are some Oklahoma themed flavor combos, which is an adorable touch.  I picked the rose shisha, because I'm boring as all get out, and our waiter (who turned out to be the owner, and who was very cool) asked if we'd like an iced tip.  Neither of us had heard of that before, but it only cost $2.50 extra... and it was totally worth it.  It's just a plastic extension that chills the smoke before it reaches your mouth, but it makes for the smoothest smoke I've ever experienced, which I think made me more able to appreciate the delicate and awesome rose flavor.  The staff also takes care of you-- they regularly rotate around the floor to replace and shift the coals, to keep a nice, even burn going.Also awesome is the tea selection.  Its got nothing on my favorite tea house, but it's far superior to the tea selection at most coffee houses.  I had a pot of orange blossom herbal that went super well with the rose.  They also have Arabic coffee, which JD ordered, and which they bring to you with plenty of sugar.  It's also a good quality.We ordered dinner while we were there as well.  The food menu isn't very large, but it is pretty nifty-- some waffles, some crepes, some sandwhiches, and some apps.  I had Baba Ganoush and waffles, JD had the cajun chicken crepe.  He said the crepe was really good, if not as gooey as he prefers them to be.  I LOVED the waffles.  They are 100% not the light, golden belgian waffles that so many places serve-- they're thin and crispy and browned a little.  But they're sweet and savory and absolutely perfect with just some syrup to dip them in.  They were basically perfect.  The baba was less perfect-- it wasn't as smooth or as smoky as most places serve it, which disappointed me, but it did have a nice zing of garlic, and it was good-- just not as amazing as everything else.While were were there, there were some large groups, a few individuals, and some small groups also enjoying the place.  It was an awesome time, surprisingly affordable, and we can't wait to go back.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2011,6/2/2012,9,51,,4,1>This place is banjo heaven! I've never seen so many banjos under one roof; it's quite an amazing collection. There are some really lovely ones with very intricate designs. I had no idea that banjos could be visual art. I'm not particularly into banjos, yet I enjoyed this museum quite a bit. My husband recently started learning to pick a little and he loved it! There are live performances on Saturdays that are free with admission. Definitely try to catch one of those, and sing along to some tunes!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,5/31/2012,89,245,4,7,5>A large space with a huge window that spans the entire front, this coffeeshop looks like a minimalistic woodworking shop with blown glass hanging and attatched to the windows, like sea creatures, jellyfish and globular drops. A simple menu as well, but loose leaf teas (I got the jasmine pearl) that they give you with the sifter in the glass, so you wait and let it seep for a few minutes. Pretty good tea. Long tables, and a bar by the window. Circle tables and chairs everywhere that are simple and I know I've seen in some fancy designer window where they only sell 5 chairs. lol. A great spot downtown. There is street parking that is mostly manageable and a bit of outdoor seating. You can see the kitchen/work space like a factory wide open in back when you walk in. I think the atmosphere is cute. Don't ask for the Wi-fi password - it is posed on a block of wood near the register. I guess there are no outlets, but perhaps that adds to the minimalistic design. I guess I don't care since I'm at 65% right now (yeah, that's right). I guess this is my exploring coffee shops day. Feels very comfortable and a good number of people in here. I'll prob. be back! Oh, and cute indie music playing. tee hee. :)
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,5/30/2012,100,68,,2,1>I have been nothing but impressed with Becca and her studio. I usually go after work and I look forward to every class. Becca knows her stuff, but is a lot of fun to practice with. I love how she walks around to check on everyone's form and always includes variations for different experience and flexibility levels. She is serious about yoga but she does not take herself seriously so everyone is at ease.I have also done classes with Kaye Robertson who is equally pleasant and knowledgeable. She is a sweet soul and former dancer who tends to teach in the mornings and I have been told is a great person to take private lessons from.One of my favorite things about YogaLife is how easy it is to buy and enroll in classes online. Unlike typical gyms and studios, you do not sign up for a 6-week course, but instead buy individual classes and sign up for what fits your schedule (as long as it is not full - which you can see online, too). You can buy as many classes as you want and you have the entire year from when you purchase them to use them up. You can even do family plans. Becca and her other instructors also offer private yoga lessons, which are just scheduled as individual sessions with the instructor of your choice.Whether you are looking into doing yoga for the first time or you are an expert yogi, YogaLife is a great place. Men and women of all ages come to support one another and have fun and YogaLife provides all the props (mats incl.) you could ever need. The evening Hatha class is a great way to end your day - shavasana included.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2011,5/29/2012,62,45,1,3,3>Yes, there's a lot of hype, and yes, there's always a line, but that those things have remained since the restaurant's opening should be noted.Some of the menu mainstays are nothing to write home about: queso is fine, chips are standard, guacamole is pretty good, if a little bland.The fun stuff is what keeps me coming back. I'm a condiment fiend, and the multiple sauces offered in-house and to-go are lovely, especially the dark red one and the orange one (the names escape me at the moment).There's been a little buzz about Rick Bayless dining here, and yeah, he probably does, but he's probably not all, "This is the best Mexican food in the world!" 'Cause it isn't.It's some quirky Oklahoma hybridization that, God bless it, champions deep frying and heavy saucing, but I'm fine with that. Because it's damn good. Love the Crispy 'Cado and, if you're feeling bold (and generally un-vegetarian), the Fifth Amendment. All in all, a fun place to eat with lots of fresh options that you really won't find anywhere else in OKC.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,5/28/2012,21,77,,3,2>Think 70s Vegas.  Smokey bar, pianist, lounge singers, crushed velvet, smoked glass, and expertly poured martinis.  If I'm in the mood, the place is awesome. Don't forget dinner either.  The tableside ceasar salad is yummers...
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2011,5/26/2012,316,58,,2,1>I was waiting for new tires to be put on my car so I wondered around the shopping center and Inca Trail looked inviting so I thought I would try it for lunch, and I am glad I did because this might be a new favorite. I order the cerviche with sea bass and it came with a wonderful spicy and hot sauce in lime juice with cilantro, lots of red onions, large corn kernels on the side, and two marinated sweet potato pancakes. The taste was exceptional and the quantity of fish for $9.99 was enough for two people. The sweet potato helped calm the spice in my mouth and the Peruvian corn added a nice crunch. They also gave me a complementary soup to try and it was unexpected and tasty. I plan to go back for more especially at dinner time, and after a few more meals this could be upgraded to 5 stars. FYI, real Peruvian people there, and the Pan Pipe music was soothing and unobtrusive.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2012,5/25/2012,325,37,8,9,3>You know those days when you need a pound of cardamom and a twenty gallon tub of jasmine rice and the Homeland clerk just gives you that blank stare like "What's cardamon?" Well, thank Krishna for Spices of India on 39th Expressway. I found this place on accident because it is where the old Pratts used to be. Warning: don't go when you don't have time to stand in the aisle and say "Wow, I have never seen this many kinds of Nag Champa/curry/chickpeas/mustard seed etc!" or time to flip through thirty kinds of silky, glittery tunics and shiny bangles and wish you were in a Baliwood movie.  They have a great frozen selection too, including naan, paneer and garam masala dishes (as well as all the Indian entrees that I don't really know how to cook but I like to buy them pre-prepared and wrap myself in shiny scarves and pretend a handsome suitor is about to jump out and serenade me in a highly synchronized dance number.) I think they usually have a little deli diner too but it is never open when I am there. It is clean and the clerks are super helpful and sweet. Much less crowded than Super Cao Ngyuen but nowhere near the produce selection. Mostly a good place for buying spices, bulk grains, beans and cool looking packages of soap and toothpaste.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2011,5/24/2012,2,5,,1,1>I came here for lunch a couple of weeks ago and was very pleased. I ordered the reuben sandwich and was not disappointed. I also ordered a cupcake to go. It was a giant German chocolate cupcake and my boyfriend loved it. I will be back for brunch!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,5/23/2012,8,10,2,4,4>so much better than subway.  everything is fresh especially the bread.  they make their own baguettes everyday.  if you're not a baguette person they have wonderful croissants, light, buttery and flaky...yum.  as of now i am trying a different sandwich each visit, but have found i am quite partial to their vegetarian sandwich.  Their service is fast and cheap.  Its one of mine and my schoolmates's favorite lunch spots.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2010,5/22/2012,15,8,,4,1>The classic Philly with a SW twist, interesting and with morbid curiosity I had to try one, I was not disappointed. The wife and I hit the Bricktown location which is one of if not the newest eatery in the Bricktown district, located right on Reno and Oklahoma it is still easy to miss. Well easy to miss if your blind like I must have been the first pass LOL.  We all know the classic Philly cheesteak and you can get one of those here, it even has the must for a TRUE Philly, Cheese Whiz, but the menu only begins there. You could go with the Texican, a classic style Philly with loads of jalapenos and SW queso instead of the Whiz, but why be safe about it when you have so many options, including a make your own I must try next trip. I chose the Hickory which has Angus beef, very good meat I must say, aged cheddar cheese, grilled onions and a Hickory BBQ sauce. Those ingredients are not IMO what made the Hickory, they add lastly an outstanding cherry pepper relish which accompanies the hickory sauce like peanut butter does jelly, a match made in heaven. The side I chose were the waffle fries the waffle fries unlike most were crispy outside with a SW style, best I can say, seasoning, no need for ketchup here people it should be banned. The wife had the Founders once again with the Angus, I neglected to mention but if for some twisted reason you prefer you can get chicken, but come on peeps this is a PHILLY and that means beef. The founders, which of course I sampled, is along the lines of a traditional Philly, along the lines but not is a better description. Contained in the Founders are Jalapenos, Shrooms, and melted mozz and a great IMO mustard blend, the wife was not keen on the mustard sauce though and tride to steal my Hickory at one point.  I would not yield however, my choice my sammich. She chose the chips and salsa, the only weak point. I give a 4 stars and honestly but for a couple of issues this would have been a 5, of course there has to be a negative or two. First off come on folks .65 for an extra 2oz of what for all practical purposes is Pace mild Picante, don't ya think thats stretching it a bit, most place START you with 5 times that much of a better grade salsa, and then don't charge for refills. We got hers free as we asked at the table after the food was served, next time it's frys for her she said though. Only other neg was they ran out of unsweetened tea and were just refilling when we left, so no refill on her tea, bad move guys like salsa tea is a cheap but a memorable issue to diners. All in all I must say I will be back again and to give an idea what going to this place is like many of us will remember either college or just out of the parents house time period. During those times we all got creative with foods, I know I did at least, and that is what T Delph has done and done very well. I will be back folks and will do a make your own for sure next time, just like when I had 50 bucks for food to last two weeks, when i first left home I shall be creative as I wanna be, and enjoy every second of it.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,9/21/2013,24,4,,2,1>It's the best Mexican food in Norman.  The fish tacos are my absolute favorite, and it's a regular menu item now so they can be had any day of the week. The Mahi Mahi is always perfect, and the mango slaw with a splash of citrus (lime or lemon) makes these tacos just perfect. In the realm of weekly specials, the Chile Relleno is what makes Thursdays worth getting up for, and the tamales on Friday are great as well. Fresh ingredients, excellent salsas, and the best specials. Sigh. It's truly wonderful.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,9/20/2013,100,68,1,3,1>Michigan may not come to mind when you think of great Italian food, but it is as prevalent and varied as Tex-Mex in Oklahoma. You can imagine my dismay as a Michigan transplant when Zio's was voted best Italian in the metro. Don't get me wrong, I'll get Zio's now and again, but to overlook local places like Benvenuti's with a more authentic take on Italian food is a crime. I know, Benvenuti's is not the cheapest place, but it's also worth every dime to treat yourself to an intimate evening out with classic dishes and desserts and a bevy of drink options. At least every once and awhile, right? I have seen some complaints about service, but I have been several times over the years and had great service every time. In fact, I have even had excellent service on the nights I am there with a Groupon and we all know that can be a kiss of death with some servers. Why give full service if someone might tip you based on their discounted amount? (Never fear, I always tip based on the actual amount.)But let's focus on the best part about Benvenuti's: the food. They have their standard dishes, but for the most part you will see a new, seasonal menu each month. My favorite and most cost-effective way to go to Benvenuti's is to order an appetizer, a salad, and split an entrée and dessert. That way you'll get a variety of dishes without overstuffing yourself (or breaking the bank). I recently had the fried calamari for the first time and was impressed. The calamari wasn't chewy or drowned out by breading and grease, while the marinara only complimented its flavor. I am a big fan of their Benvenuti salad with its delicious candied nuts and pear. The most recent entrees I had were their lobster ravioli and another ravioli that I cannot remember the official name of. It had goat cheese inside and brown butter on top while floating on a tomato sauce that brings all these savory flavors together. Better yet, it's obvious they make their own pasta, which is always legit al dente.I have yet to be disappointed by their desserts, having tried the tiramisu (excellent), sorbet (fruity and refreshing), and a fun take on s'mores (a homemade graham cracker standing tall in a pot of creamy chocolate with a marshmallow topping - I know, right?). Their drink list includes signature cocktails, beers like Peroni, and flights of wine, all at a pretty reasonable price.What sweetens the deal even more? I have it on good authority from former employees that every part of the experience - the rustic atmosphere, the carefully planned and prepared meals, the service - are all part of the passion running Benvenuti. Quality AND integrity? I'd say you're getting the bang for your buck.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,9/19/2013,31,63,8,6,4>My older man cub got home from school yesterday and was all stirred up about having to try "this burger place on 36th and May that is supposed to be amazing! It's something that starts with a P." I told him that the only thing standing between us and a juicy burger is 5:00 traffic and we rolled out. Who am I to deny my teenager a locally owned burger joint experience? Personally, I had only had these burgers once out of their trailer so going to the big house would be a new experience for me as well. My only problem is my diet the past week has been burgers and Mexican food and honestly I was planning on having a salad for dinner, but the lettuce and tomato should cover that right? The boy was thoroughly confused on ordering his burger...one does not merely ask for mayo or mustard, it's sauce #1 or sauce #2.  One is mayo based and the latter is mustard based. My son was fumbling to deal with this and asked his old man for advice. While he was weighing this ever important decision, I spit out my order with confidence. Double burger, American cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickles and both sauces. That's right kids, that just happened. I smiled at my son and went on with grooving to the music piping through the speakers in the joint....Baby, I'm A Star- by Prince. (Nice)  I slid my credit and Keep It Local cards on the counter. My cub,  looking at me with some awe, took the chance and had sauce 1 & 2 as well and we sat and waited for the feast to begin.  I like the fact you have to wait for several minutes for a burger. I like the local, grass fed beef, fresh veggies and hand cut fries. My son was just wondering how I know all these songs word for word ranging from Al Green to Sheila E.  Burger Time! We peeled back the aluminum foil cocoons to reveal the hot cheesy meat goodness and dove in. Now, I appreciate the good bun, the quality of the meat and accoutrement but the younger me has a ways to go. He said it wasn't "really his type of burger".  For not being his type, he polished it off in about 3 minutes. I took a little more time to savor mine.  All in all, this is a good, solid burger. I've had the Juicy Lucy and many of the top billed burgers in the country. Honestly, I've never had a burger that blew my mind so much that I'd knock someone over to get another one. I will however eat here again. It's a darn good burger, it's a local joint and I appreciate the time and quality that goes into their craft here.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2012,9/18/2013,45,143,,18,1>They have everything you need, a little pricy which is why I gave them four. But I don't really know the cycle environment here in OKC yet. I walked in there and their snotty proportion (that you usually find in bike shops) was 90% helpful and 10% why are you asking me for these things when they are right here. I will be checking out the other shops in the city and might have a different review after I see what else is out there, I doubt I would come off the internet to buy every day stuff from these guys. Side note: I asked them if they did used stuff and I asked them if there was any place in the city where I could rent some time in a shop to use the equipment.They don't have any used stuff in their shop and they scoffed at the idea of a place where people could pay for time and use equipment. Although I think they have work shops for bike maintenance.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,9/17/2013,34,106,1,4,2>Upon first meeting someone in Phoenix, one of the first three questions someone will ask is "Where are you from?" I pretty much never hear that question anymore since moving to Oklahoma. In Arizona, it is assumed you come from somewhere else. In Oklahoma, it's assumed you spent your whole life here. Should that question arise, I tell people I moved from Phoenix. Once said, it's as if a cold, dark aura comes over the one who asked the question, as though I'm an interloper on unwelcoming soil. This can make Oklahoma City a lonely place for transplants. Luckily my social needs are much less than what most people require, though from time to time I like to go out and do things. The staff at The Park bucks the trend, and in my experience have been the most welcoming people. The drinks are good and it's a nice, cozy setting. The only thing I would change (and this could be said about all the bars) is the routine events. I believe it's mostly male dancers almost every night of the week, and other events sprinkled in here and there. I wish there were more in terms of entertainment like I used to have in Phoenix., like drag shows/drag bingo, theme nights, proms, manicures, tarot readers, or whatever. In any case, this is my favorite bar in the area.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,9/16/2013,8,44,,3,2>I have been wanting to try Packard's for a while now and today, I got to. We went for brunch and it completely surpassed my expectations - and my expectations were high.The decor was clean and modern - lots of neutral colors and natural light. The service was friendly and efficient and the prices were good. The food was amazing. My Husband and his cousin both got the pork burritos and were both going on and on about how delicious they were. I got my usual brunch fare, Eggs Benedict. It was served traditionally except they used pancetta instead of Canadian bacon. I got the hollandaise on the side because I like to use it sparingly - but that was hard today because the flavor was amazing. I am not sure what seasoning I was tasting in there, but that was the best hollandaise sauce I've ever had. The pancetta really added a nice twist to the dish too. It was served with hash browns  and fresh fruit. The fruit really was fresh and crisp with tons of flavor. I would love to go for brunch again and try the tofu scramble, but first, I'm dying to try it for dinner and get my hands on their wine list. Can't wait to go again!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,9/15/2013,34,109,,8,5>Loved the drum room!The drum room is part of the Deep Fork Restaurants Group that include Cafe Nova, Mantle Wine Bar and the Wedge Pizza amongst others.The concept is nicely thought out and well executed both in the restaurant and in the food. The drum room is pretty much all about chicken - hence drum. But why stop there? let's hang actual drums from the ceiling as light fixtures and toss in a kitschy, we only play vinyl and menus shaped like vinyl and you have a nicely executed concept. What is super unique and wonderful about The Drum Room is the food is really, really good. The chicken is prepped to order so it comes out hot, fresh and succulently crisp. I had the chicken and waffles - in fact, the whole table had chicken and waffles. The waffles were not only a nice accompaniment to the chicken but they are arguably some of the best waffles I have had. They were warm, doughy and light. Not greasy, slightly chewy and just sweet enough. A low-light was the Brussels sprout salad - it was absolutely drenched in balsamic vinegar - so much so - they were almost black and very sour and mushy over cooked.The staff was working like mad and at some times things lagged. Once we did receive our food, they checked in regularly and asked how we liked our meal upon leaving. They even offered to play my husband's vinyl on our next visit.So...the drum room has all the bases covered: great concept, excellent food and management that cares about how they are doing.Check out the drum room - you will not be disappointed.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,9/14/2013,52,137,1,4,2>We've been taking my main man Tucker to the Edmond Dog Park for several years now. I can tell you that next to some fresh bacon, there's nothing he loves more than this park. There is a ton of room for dogs to run, several water spickets with cool, fresh water and even bags to pick up after your dogs. I would say 99% of the dogs that come here are friendly and rarely cause problems. There used to be some low spots where water would pool and turn into a poo lagoon, but they have since been filled in and re-seeded. Definitely our favorite dog park in town.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,9/13/2013,123,113,,8,7>I've been to Guernsey Park for both lunch and dinner. It's tucked away out of sight. Let me clear: you need to go find it. Right now.The restaurant is like a beautiful little urban sanctuary. The interior is very light, airy, and sleek without being cold. It's a minimal design aesthetic that is executed very well.From the moment you walk in the door until you walk back, the service is EXACTLY...let me repeat this, Oklahoma City...EXACTLY what you should expect: friendly, knowledgeable, helpful, attentive, and (here's the key) hospitable. Everyone seemed genuinely glad that we were choosing to dine in their restaurant, and they had a personal stake in making sure we had a good experience. I'm so pleased, and  I rarely feel anything better than simply "not pissed off" by service in Oklahoma City.The food is Asian with western influences. I don't think it's fair to call it Asian fusion, because the preparations and techniques are mostly straight Asian. That said, they've had some creative, even playful, twists to menu items that enhance the dishes rather than simply jamming cultures and techniques together. It's mostly sushi/Japanese, and the flavors are mostly delicate and clean. However, they have some larger flavors in their sauces and accents. It all works together very nicely.I'll definitely be back, and I'll tell my friends to visit as well. This is a welcome addition to my preferred dining line-up. Well played, Guernsey Park. Well played. Highly recommended.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,9/12/2013,81,105,,6,3>Why OKC MOA?  It's a gem.  1) The Permanent Collection.  Chihuly. Calder. Courbet. Renoir.2) Visiting shows.  Herb Ritts, Wayne White, 500 Years of Italian painting.3) Films!  Featuring a full bar including coffee, wine, and mixed drinks at every showing. "Renoir", "Somm" (paired tasting and film event), "Moonlight Kingdom", and "Beauty is Embarrassing", have been some of my favorites.  The OKC Film Festival shows selections here as well.   Kitsch:  check out the Chihuly horns on the buffalo at the end of the landing on the second floor, just outside the theater doors.4) Cocktails on the Skyline starting at 5pm on Thursday evenings through Oct 31.5) The Museum Cafe: yum.  Try the goat cheese kisses.6) Gift shop.  Eclectic choices.7) Classes, camps, events, and lectures.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2008,8/2/2012,104,71,3,1,1>Here's Victoria's.  You go there, you go, "Damn that primavera was amazing, I'm going to do that in my kitchen."  But you can't.  Why?  Because they're MAGIC.  You go back- and sit closer to the open kitchen and watch the process again and again and never see the trick, because they are amazing cooks/magicians, and they got their act down tight, and they know it.  The staff are almost always perfectly unassuming looking rainbow brothers and sisters, but inside they just taunt you incessantly.  "Here, have a seat at the bar, or get a birds-eye from behind the kitchen if you so desire. . . I WANT you to watch everything I do."  So I sit and watch. . . Okay, start with fresh pasta. . . steamed veggies. . . ample garlic butter. . . Hey, they have some really nice art on the walls- Crap. . . did I miss the trick?  Okay, start over. . . pasta, veggies, garlic. . . our waitress is LOVELY. . . Oh Snap I missed it again didn't I?If you are ever on White street, show some love for Vicky-T's and their sleight of 'pan.'
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2012,8/1/2012,8,26,2,4,2>People may call this a dive bar, but I think its a little classier than that, by a smidge.  Ned's in Tahlequah, Ok is a dive bar.  This place is well lit and tidy.  I went with a group of friends on a Friday after a long week and we had a blast.  That night, the place was full of people just off work trying to get a drink.  Some looked like lawyers, some looked like office workers, some were students like us, and others were blue collar.  Loved it.  There was one bartender when we got there and she was pounding out the orders.  Didn't get her name, but she "owned" that bar, very efficient.  We ordered the cheese fries to soak up some alcohol, and they weren't bad.  There are a few (maybe 8) tables for 4 or 5 people.  This place is okay for small groups of 4 or less.  We pushed two tables together for our group of 10 and when another large group came in, all 8 of them were crowded around the only other remaining table.  So, I'll say its good for groups if you can get there early.  There is parking a block up, across from a church if parking out front is taken.  My tab for a shot, rum and coke, schooner of beer, two pints was $22.  I'm pleased.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,7/31/2012,24,12,,3,4>Great authentic Mexican food. NOTE: This is not Tex-Mex. You can get all the meats here... buche, lingua, milanesa, asada, carnita, pollo and more.The salsas and fermented carrots (escabeche?) are delicious!Their tacos... excellent! And, cheaper than Big Truck. But, this is not competing since it is practically in Edmond on Memorial Rd near Santa Fe Ave.This is definitely a go to place!
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2012,7/30/2012,3,14,,2,1>I absolutely LOVED my burger! I rarely finish my burger, but this one didn't have a chance! Amazing to say the least. The only downfall I really saw was that it was a little pricey, but it is definitely somewhere to go as a treat occasionally! Service was great and the atmosphere was super fun. I will definitely be back!
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,7/29/2012,15,8,,3,1>We love Charm and eat there at least once a week. I love the pineapple fried rice and the fresh spring rolls. The massaman and basil fried rice are also fabulous. The portions are on the smaller side but the flavor is fabulous.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,7/28/2012,62,18,2,1,4>OK look, first of all, our service was great. I didn't hear anyone else in the restaurant loudly complaining of awful service. Just saying.Second of all, people with kids: There's a kids' area where you can basically drop your chillens off, and they can do daycare-type stuff while eating their meals while you enjoy yourself. This is the only place I know of where this happens. Do not underestimate the insane magic of this.Third of all, the food, the food, my god, the food. It's nothing short of perfect. The meatloaf cupcakes are both inventive and insanely delicious. The steak pappardelle (pasta with red wine marinara, braised beef, mushrooms and blue cheese) was fantastic. The BLT deviled eggs = magic. The white chocolate cheesecake = DROOL. Every bite I took here blew my mind. Every goddamn one. Not even kidding.Fourth and first of all: The bar, my god, the bar. Hands down, the best drink menu/bartender I've encountered in the metro OKC area. Not just because they make a perfect Sazerac, although have I mentioned they make a perfect Sazerac? Because they do. The entire menu isn't just inventive -- technically tequila and chocolate milk is inventive, but that doesn't mean you'd want to drink it. It's inventive and absolutely perfect. We had, in addition to the Sazerac: * The Caiprihina (YASSSS)* the basil gimlet (anybody who says herbs can't make an amazing cocktail is a goddamn liar)* the Moscow Mule (with homemade ginger beer!), and * the Amor Baja (mezcal, tequila, pineapple shrub [I don't know either], lemon juice, fresh basil, and cracked effing pepper), which seriously made me reevaluate my place in this universe, specifically why my place doesn't seem to be "At this restaurant drinking this cocktail during every waking moment of my life."It's a wee bit spendy, but I promise you will not care. We were out of there for like $95 before tipping, for four cocktails, two entrees, an appetizer and a dessert, and I wouldn't have been too upset if it'd cost half again that much. Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful. Go now.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,7/27/2012,104,246,,5,2>It is sad all the negative reviews on Falcone's Pizzeria; it seems things must have changed since I worked at this location over five years ago. I have to say that I haven't been there in a couple months but after experiencing real pizza in Italy, I've realized this is as close to authentic Italian pizza as it gets in Oklahoma City. They have some great subs and the meat is sliced fresh right when you order. All the salads (tomato & mozzarella, pasta, octopus) are made fresh daily, and I can personally attest to this. Danny, the owner of Falcone's, is a great guy with high standards so I will have to go check it out for myself in the future and see what has changed....Where else can you find cannolis in OKC?!
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2012,7/26/2012,27,106,,2,1>I'm somewhat conflicted as I write this review, since I'm dying to give it 5 stars.  We need a lot more places like Urban Agrarian.  I'm convinced beyond doubt of the need for locally grown, sustainable organic food.  So for vision and intent I would give this place 5 stars hands down, and I will be praying for their success.  The only problem is, the selection is very limited at this point, and the location isn't exactly optimal for most.But is that their fault? This type of market flourishes in many larger metro areas, as people become more educated about the myriad evils of factory farms and processed  food.  I only hope that the idea will catch on here, as increased demand is going to be the cornerstone of this business' success.I went there this morning but had trouble reaching it due to my route and the eternal road construction that exists in Oklahoma.  Overall I love the place - it's old timey look fits the theme of the business. The selection, however, is extremely limited - at least it was today.  Granted, this type of market depends on what comes available and when from the local producers, so maybe that was the problem.  They did have jams, breads, steaks and some produce, all of which looked good - but it's pricey; thus the need for more demand to bring prices down etc.Sorry for repeatedly channeling Adam Smith; I was one of those sick people that loved Econ classes, even at 8:00 A.M.I sincerely want not only this particular business, but this type of business to thrive in the future.  If they are able to expand and provide a broader selection of local offerings, I will gladly drive the extra miles to support them and pick up some local goodies.  For those of you that live nearby, please check it out.  I hope to see more places like this pop up around the metro.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,7/25/2012,4,90,3,8,2>Oh Zarate's. You take me back to Peru all over again, as much as one could hope for in Oklahoma.First things first. Keep your eyes on the "Latin American" side of the menu. This is a place where you try new things. The food is authentic. That means some people really won't care for parts of it. That's fine, I'm telling you this ahead of time so you're aware. Yucca fries are naturally dry and starchy. If you get something spicy, they're great to cut the heat. Otherwise, you may or may not care for them. Fried plantains are delicious. They're not entirely unlike bananas. I've really enjoyed every entree I've had here so far.Do you drink alcohol? If so, you're in for a treat. They have caipirinhas on the menu. This is a Brazilian drink made with rum, sugar, and limes. It is sweet and it is strong. However, they do something even more special. This is the first place I have found in Oklahoma that does a pisco sour. Sadly, they do use sweet and sour mix, so it's not quite as good as the real thing. Still, they know what they're doing and make the most of what they have on hand.No alcohol? That's fine. If you drink soda, go for Inca Kola. There are two places in the world where Coca-Cola is not the #1 selling beverage. Scotland and Peru. In Peru, it's Inca Kola. This stuff is sweet. It's sweeter than Mountain Dew, glows yellow enough that you might pull out a Geiger counter, and it's that beautiful balance between bliss and regret that makes it the perfect thing for a special occasion. Sadly, the import stuff is made with corn syrup. If anyone knows where I can obtain real cane sugar Inca Kola in the state, I would be quite grateful for that knowledge.Alright, so you've read this far, you're either scared or excited, and I'm still talking. That means there's something special to say. Ceviche. If you've had ceviche, you know what I mean and are either on your way right now or hiding under your bed. This is real ceviche. Fresh raw fish marinated in lime juice and chile peppers. It is spicy. There are plenty of onions. It is cold. There are people who are afraid of trying food they won't like, and there are people who are afraid of not trying food they will like. If you are entirely the second, try the ceviche. If you are at all hesitant, there's plenty of other stuff out there and you may never feel deprived by never trying spicy cold fish. Don't expect it to be anything like sushi.I wouldn't suggest this place for everyone I know, but I've yet to bring anyone here that didn't rave about it afterward.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,7/24/2012,27,13,,5,1>Awesome Awesome Awesome!  This place has tripled in size since the family moved here from California a few years ago and set up shop in little ole Warr Acres America.  The special sauce is a must have and the Tacos Cavillo are fantastic!  Puts Big Truck Tacos to shame.  The special menu after 9:00 pm (lasts until at least midnight) is just a variety of tacos which I can't pronounce but are quite authentic deliciousness!
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,10/18/2014,10,18,1,10,5>My parents came to visit, and I wanted to find a good, old-fashioned, all-American breakfast place to take them to other than Jimmy's Egg. I'd driven by Good Gravy all the time, but wasn't quite sure I wanted to try it. Was it good? Or was is a yucky greasy spoon?  After reading a few yelp reviews, I was ready to try it (thanks, fellow Yelpers). The results of the experiment... absolutely DELICIOUS!You have to check it out sometime. They have over 40 kinds of gravy to choose from. My mom ordered the chorizo gravy (recommended by our waitress) and it was delicious. Not too spicy with just a bit of kick.  I ordered the veggie gravy and it was awesome. It was creamy and made with fresh bell peppers, onions, and mushrooms; it had a nice smoky flavor. My dad ordered the pancakes breakfast. WARNING: the pancake breakfast is 2 eggs, your choice of bacon/ham/sausage and 2 DINNER-PLATE sized pancakes. It took him about 30 minutes to get through half of it. And they were delicious, very light and fluffy. He said, "I've never had pancakes that don't get soggy after sitting in syrup for this long."Oh, I also ordered a fruit cup, half expecting to get canned fruit cocktail. Nope! Fresh cantaloupe and fresh pineapple!The best part of this whole thing was that the total bill for the three of us came to under $17. The atmosphere is homey, small-town diner. It's definitely a great breakfast place.Update 7/12/14: I have tried the chocolate gravy. It's like eating Grandma's homemade creamy chocolate pudding. So if you want dessert for breakfast, there ya go. You're welcome.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2014,10/17/2014,14,21,4,6,5>Finally at nice place in South OKC with sushi and hibachi (not a buffet)!  I really liked the decor and from the moment I walked through the Cherry blossom doors, I knew I was in for a treat!  I opted for hibachi and the chef was very friendly and kept the table engaged.  The food was well prepared - scallops were cooked perfectly!  I would suggest the salmon bites as an appetizer - enough to share and the salmon tasted so fresh.  The pan fried beef udon noodles were also delicious - nice texture to the noodles.  It's good going with a group and enjoying the hibachi grill and sharing different items on the menu.  There's plenty per serving and they have plate sharing options as well.  I can't wait to come back for sushi and looked like there were lots of lunch specials too!  Overall, great atmosphere and a standout restaurant amongst all the other Asian restaurants in the area!
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,10/16/2014,239,335,3,5,4>I love this place! I've been twice for breakfast now and once for lunch. Their prices are slightly high but the quality is fantastic and their portions are very large. I had the ham and cheese croissant and half of it was plenty for me so I suggest splitting it with a friend. I also had their breakfast sundae which was bananas, yogurt and their homemade granola on top. Once again, it was plenty for two people so I think it's worth the $6.50 or so cost. Also, they accept the Allied Arts City Card so you'll get a small discount there too. I can't wait to try more of their menu because if it's all as great as what I've had so far, then I know I won't be disappointed.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,10/15/2014,77,386,5,8,7>I've sampled a lot of Guernsey Park's food, not just at the elite event earlier this year but at various other festivals and such around town. It was nice to finally eat as a paying customer; I brought a couple friends who hadn't heard of the place and had no idea what to expect. I crossed my everything that the food would hold up on a weekday lunch as well as it had during my other visits.So yeah, easiest five stars ever. The chicken lollipops are not just fun, but exceptionally flavorful and perfectly cooked so the chicken remains juicy and the crust remains crunchy. That mochiko flavoring is insane! My beef over rice and egg was extremely filling despite its small size, with lots of balanced flavors that worked really well together. I have to say my coworkers were impressed and satisfied with their meals as well; not only did they like the taste, but they were sufficiently impressed with the presentation that they'd taken pictures of their food with their phones before I, the supposedly knowledgeable Yelper, even realized what was happening.We had great service, exactly as it should be: Friendly and informative, there when needed but only when needed, and I had a nice chat with the manager as well. Nicest folks you could hope to meet. The space is simply beautiful, and I love that not only have they taken full advantage of the high ceiling upstairs, but they've intentionally NOT crammed 18,000 tables into it. I'm no designer (I misspelled HGTV once), but even I can tell how thoughtful they've been at using the space for this restaurant well. Makes for a dare-I-say calming environment to enjoy top quality food.I'm not shy. I would complain about something if I had anything to complain about. The only thing they can't control is the parking situation, so I guess let's go with that. This place is doing everything right.Oh, and as we gathered our stuff to head back to work after our lunch break, I ran into none other than my own wife, bringing friends who had never heard of the place for lunch. So we created four new fans on our one day of visits alone; I'm sure we aren't the only ones. Guernsey Park: I have me a crush.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2014,10/14/2014,2,3,,6,3>Excellent sushi here. The sashimi dinner has amazingly fresh fish, the seaweed salad is incredible, and both the Miso soup and Clear soup are really flavorful. Nice atmosphere and friendly wait staff. I haven't been disappointed in anything I've tried here. Try the Earthquake roll!
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2014,10/13/2014,8,44,2,4,2>This is by far my favorite movie theater in town.  Of course the services in the balconies and the directors' suites are unmatched from any theater around town, but if you look beyond that, there is a lot more about this theater that makes it my favorite.It is always clean, well-maintained, and the staff is always courteous and friendly.  You get the impression that the owner is legitimately interested in maintaining high standards of customer service because of the care that is taken with the theater.  The owner also seems to be legitimately interested in serving the needs of modern movie-goers.  The Warren features family-friendly movies on weekends for children with sensory disorders.  They also have a "cry room" available where you can take a crying child and still watch the movie.Their prices compare with any other theater in town, but in my opinion, you get much more bang for your buck at the Moore Warren.  Plus, I would rather spend my money at an establishment where I feel valued as a customer.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,10/12/2014,1,9,1,3,3>I decided to try Lemongrass when my boss highly recommended it, a man who can be picky. The place is little, cozy and clean. My husband and I ordered the crispy dumplings for an appetizers. The dumpling it's self was crispy, juicy and flavorful. But then it comes with a dropping sauce which just made it amazing. It was like a ginger sauce, salty and sweet. For the main course I ordered the lunch combo which came with spicey chicken, veggie pad Thai and Jasmine rice. All of these were seriously delicious. My husband ordered the lemongrass fried rice with shrimp and he practically inhaled it. If you like spicey but not 'set you on fire' then I suggest ordering a one star hotness. If you really like spicey then you would probably like a two star hotness. Three star beware! Your gut might catch fire! All in all, the visit was well worth it. And a nice plus is that the ticket was only $25.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2014,10/11/2014,50,20,1,2,2>As an Edmondnite, I'm super excited that downtown Edmond has a cool coffee hangout spot like Evoke. The coffee is great and the baristas are all friendly and know their craft and take coffee making seriously. If you're not satisfied with your beverage they will make you another one that'll suit you liking. The owner Jason leads the pack of great baristas i.e. TJ, Heath, Megan and co.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2014,10/10/2014,5,32,1,1,1>This place moves higher up my list of "go-to" restaurants every time I eat there. Although I don't have much of a background eating/ordering Mediterranean food, I am really loving these new tastes. The people working there have been super friendly and very patient in describing new foods (at least new to me) on the menu. Though not too exotic, my favorite lunch, (at the moment), is a gyro (yee-row) sandwich and a cup of tomato basil soup. The gyro is extremely satisfying as to taste, quality and quantity, and I think absolutely qualifies as a comfort food. It's really tough to beat, especially when you get it, and the soup, for under $8.00. They regularly offer three soup choices ... red pepper, lentil and tomato basil. I've had them all, but think their tomato basil soup is as good as it gets. It's top notch! The Chicken Shawarma also get a nod, being my second choice of things Simply Falafel. I often order takeout and have almost always been offered a free drink or samples of other foods while I wait. Based on my sampling of these new foods, I'll be trying the rest of the menu soon.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,10/9/2014,9,3,1,3,2>Yes this is Nic's...No this is not Nic's. The burgers at Ice house are small enough to pick up and eat. They are big enough to enjoy and small enough to be able to finish it and go back to work without hating yourself the rest of the day. The flavor is amazing!!  The people are very friendly. The service is adequate. The atmosphere and the views are TOP NOTCH!! in my opinion it is Nic's light. Same great flavor on a slightly smaller and more manageable level. but with a much nicer atmosphere.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2012,11/30/2012,107,12,,4,3>Now that the Mule has been opened for quite some time, I think it's appropriate for me to write a review over these great owners. Even though it's not hard to find local business owners in Oklahoma City that truly love their trade, these guys are some of the most dedicated I've met.Every time I walk in, I feel welcomed and very "at home." They are great at greeting customers and assisting them. The only thing about this place is that it is not a "grab a quick bite and go" place. You have to allot a bit of time because of how busy they get.When I grew up, my mom believed cheese makes you fat, so I didn't get to enjoy grilled cheese as a comfort food. Since I'm a spry little 23 year old, I can now say this grilled cheese place has fulfilled my childhood dreams of getting grilled cheese to cheer myself up and feel some comfort on cold days. I can never get enough of any of these, and even their specials are mind-blowing. I can't remember the name of the Thanksgiving special they had, but it was a feast... in a sandwich! Turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing... STUFFING. For a while, they even had green bean casserole as the side. I missed out on that since they are so popular, but I'm sure those people were in for quite a treat. I will have to admit that after I'm done filling my stomach with cheesy goodness, I always stare at the "Leave a Drink" wall. Can we all just agree that is one of the best things ever? A friend is having a rough day: leave a drink. A friend just barely passed a test that his entire school career relied on: leave a few drinks. Friends get engaged: leave a tab (that's a specific incident that happened recently to Plaza Mom though). I highly recommend everyone to go and enjoy the atmosphere, as well as the amazing fries smothered in a slightly spicy seasoning. Enjoy the great company you gain by walking in and meeting the staff. Then walk outside and enjoy the wonderful Plaza District!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,11/29/2012,19,17,,2,1>Went with a family party of 9 and was able to try the Massaman Curry, Thai beef salad, chicken satai, papaya salad, seafood soup, and Thai fried rice. I found everything very good and fresh. Portions were reasonable and beautifully presented. The service was excellent. The decor is sparse, but hip. A very casual atmosphere, although small. We noticed quite a few came in for take-out. I have no complaints!
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2012,11/28/2012,1,23,2,8,2>Great to have a nice grocery store in north Edmond.  I am labeled a Walmart shopper for essentials; Sunflower Market for fish, veggies; Homeland for beef.  I have been to Uptown Market twice.  I love the architecture....red brick.  Pretty tile mosaics throughout.  You enter to a super selection of florals.  My first visit was Sunday afternoon, and it was packed.  Difficult to even get to the hot food or fish, meats.  From browsing, it looked wonderful.  So many selections -- the prime rib station - wow!  sushi looked great.  Meats, wonderful.  Anything you could imagine...rabbit, duck, veal, lamb.  I had planned on driving to Sams to buy a rack of lamb, saw it here, so I had them weigh it and price for me.  What is about $27 for a rack at Sams, was $38 here.  So, I opted to make the drive to Sams.  I went back on Wednesday night, and it was much less crowded, well stocked, and I had time to browse a little more.  The bakery items...uhm...artisan breads looked good, but it's not comparable to Whole Foods or Sunflower Market.  I bought two different prepared hamburger patties that were fabulous -- portobello mushroom and a blue cheese burger.  Also bought buns from bakery, and they were perfect!  The burgers, I would definitely serve to guests.  My great disappointment is there is no specialty coffee bar.  It is set up like a cafeteria, somewhat, where you walk over to a coffee urn on a counter and self-serve.  I was hoping for more of a place you could go and sit with a ceramic cup and eat a nice pastry.  Ah..doesn't look like that kind of a place right now.  I hope they change this.  The area to eat is a great space to take food from the hot food bar.  Nice that they have a separate checkout on the north side, close to the hot food, meats, produce to grab something and go, or eat it on site.I will keep my fingers crossed on the coffee....with all the money they have spent on the building, seems logical to offer a coffee bar, other than self-pour from a plastic dispenser, into a paper cup.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,11/27/2012,12,19,,2,1>This is my second time to get take out from here as well, and it just keeps getting better! I knew this time to get the medium sized gyro instead of the supreme because as previously stated, it is easily two meals. I also ordered the sampler, which includes  delicious hummus and what they call white sauce (tzatziki sauce) to dip 3 different items in.  I waited about 10-15 minutes for my to-go order because as soon as I walked in, about 10 people walked in after me. Granted, this weekend is the Norman Music Festival, but that just shows how good the food is. Parking is sparse, and may be a pain to have to back up into the main road (Porter) to get out.  Inside there are about 6 normal sized tables and 2 small booths in the hallway for 2 people at each booth.  They also have other random food on the menu such a onion rings, chicken tenders, and mozzarella sticks, but I guess it's better to be safe and have that kind of food for kids or people who's palate may not prefer the Mediterranean/ Middle Eastern cuisine.  Overall, A+ I love this place!
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,11/26/2012,51,85,2,3,1>Awesome pizza! My wife says I am boring when it comes to pizza because all I love is Pepperoni but man is there pepperoni great and loaded! I have tried the cheese which is so good and the taco. Can't go wrong I would say. The salad is very fresh and delicious as well as the bread sticks. I would definitly recommend Jo's. One thing is for sure about Oklahoma City area there are a lot of great pizza places but this one is at the top.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,11/25/2012,45,165,2,3,2>Brockhaus really is a fantastic jewelry store. I was looking for an OU lapel pin but couldn't find exactly what I was looking for. There was an earring that looked like it was the right size, except, it was an earring. The service at Brockhaus made the lapel pin a reality. They had one special ordered and it came just in time. When I received the voicemail that it was ready for pickup, it didn't give the impression  that the phone call came from a jewelry store (so it's great for any surprise). Everyone was friendly. The store is very clean, and the lighting is perfect.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,11/24/2012,3,2,,2,1>I love this place. Their new location (right next door to the old) is darling and I love the new menu! I was able to go with my mom for a late lunch and both of our meals were delicious! I was sad at first that they changed so much of their classic menu, but the new options are just as yummy, if not better! I would for sure check this place out. Always fresh and unique. PLUS their Mexican food won't leave you feeling like you just gained a million pounds, so that's a huge bonus!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,11/23/2012,24,135,1,9,2>Go for the views. I got to drop by Vast last week for a party and tonight for dinner with my family. The views are incredible and you should go. No reservation needed, just sit at the bar. They have only been open for 5 days, so I'm going to go easy on them. I'll try not to be harsh. We started off with salad, quail app, and soup. The salad was fresh greens and had a good dressing. The quail appetizer looked yummy, but my brother didn't rave about it. My soup was lobster and butternut squash. Don't freak out when they bring you an almost empty bowl with some foam and lobster. They will come back with the squash soup and pour it over. It was creamy, but the foam was tart and unexpected. It was very similar to the old fashion I had. The main courses we had were the salmon, strip, scallop, and fillet. The salmon was tasty and a little spicy. The scallops were flavored well, but not as fresh as those I had last week in Vegas. The strip won the night with a great coffee and chili rub with an amazing sweet potato cake. The fillet was good with a simple pepper flavoring. Ask for bread and let me know how it was, we didn't get any. Deserts were sparse, only 3 choices. We tried the banana fried pies, which were yummy. The ice cream was ginger and a little different. We also had the petite deserts, which was hard to share. The sherbet was amazing. The chocolate was good and bitter. The apple pie was yummy. The shooter wasn't great. I'll stick with the bananas. Overall I was happy. The service wasn't worth the price paid, but the view was. The hostess was a doll and we enjoyed talking with her.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2012,11/22/2012,139,130,4,3,1>Kacao is a standard Saturday/Sunday brunch place for my sister, my husband and I.  It could only be made better with two additions: Mimosas and French Toast bites.  To be fair, they do make a mean French Toast in full size, making addition 2 moot, but I do think they would frown upon bringing your own mimosas.  I have only ever had the aforementioned French Toast and migallas, but the migallas are so delicious that you could get away with never eating anything else there (and, bonus, you can also split the entree and walk away full).  Add the reliably tasty coffee that continuously arrives hotand with enough creamer for even the most light brown-loving coffee drinkers (see also: my husband), and this place will remain on my brunch radar.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2012,11/21/2012,123,113,,4,2>This place has been on my list for a while. I'm a sucker for ethnic food, an even bigger sucker for spices, and a glorified patsy for ethnic food buffets, because my tastes are way too catholic (and I'm way too indecisive) to order a la carte most of the time. The restaurant is tucked away at the back of a strip mall perpendicular to May Avenue just south of NW 36th. Traffic can get a little busy at time at this intersection, so if you're coming from the north, take a power user tip: take the back way in east of Starbucks, in front of the little office complex (you're welcome).The restaurant is very clean, with various Egyptian accents. There's a room to the left of the front door which looks like it can accommodate larger groups, if you're so inclined. The waitress/cashier was very friendly, and I took a seat as the only patron (it was 4:30PM on a Saturday, so that shouldn't be surprising or indicative of their traffic level).Most of the menu is buffet only. They do have some a la carte items, but it becomes apparent pretty quickly that this is really sort of a "family style" experience. The chef cooks what he cooks, and you eat what's there, or you order something typically Mediterranean off the menu (falafel, kabob, etc.). That's fine with me, but less adventurous types might feel "put upon". Fridays they serve lamb, Saturdays are "cultural" days, and Sundays are "Egyptian" days for the buffet. Not sure about the distinction, but I'll report back on subsequent trips.They were playing music with an Eastern/Arabic bent, but similar sufficiently Westernized that I felt any type of disconnect. The waitress asked if I wanted an Egyptian lemonade or some Hibiscus tea. That lemonade sounded pretty good, but I passed for this time.The buffet was relatively close to most other Indian/Near Eastern buffets I've visited: a cold salad/condiment area (this one had oil-cured olives WITH PITS, pickled veggies, lemon pickles, some type of tomato/onion/parsley mix, and a couple of other items - all appetizing and fresh), a sides area (this one had lentils, rice, and potatoes, if memory serves), and the hot area. There was also a dessert area that included baklava and some other delicious looking items, but I skipped out (I had a standing date with some donuts; yes, it was my "free" day).The hot area still had some braised lamb. Now, I encounter people all the time who say they don't like lamb. These are only people who've never been fed lamb by someone who knew how to cook it. Taste of Egypt knows how to do lamb. Obviously slow-cooked with good spice, it literally melted in my mouth with ample flavor and enough spice to get my attention.There were also a couple of chicken dishes, one that looked baked and the other cooked with potatoes and carrots in a tumeric-based sauce. I liked the former, but was underwhelmed by the latter. There were also several vegetable dishes, indicating that vegetarians/vegans stand a good shot of being well fed here. I had good luck with the eggplant, which was well seasoned and hearty. There was also a squash and chickpea dish that I tried. The veggies were stewed with tomatoes and onions. It was good, but not particularly spicy. It reminded me of the  stewed veggie dishes I used to get in the summertime at my grandmother's house. It was fresh, and comforting, but I was looking for something more exotic. Not a knock, but merely an observation.Throughout the meal, the waitress continued to check on me. She provided me with pitas for my meal (they're by request only), and kept my drink filled. If anything, the service was a little overbearing, but that's understandable: the restaurant was empty except for me, and she wanted to make a good impression. I'm also a bit of a dining hermit, so I'm self-aware enough to recognize it could've been my neurosis and not the service.I left full and content. My conclusions are as follows:- I love little places like this. I really want to see it succeed.- Egyptian food doesn't appear to be as aggressively spiced as other Eastern cuisine. Adjust your expectation accordingly. - The meat dishes here are what I would call "rustic". If you're scared of bones, cartilage, or some connective tissue that reminds you of the source of your meal instead of the typical Western meat cutlet, prepare to either go vegetarian or order a kabob.Final verdict: I wanna go back. Today. Can't wait to get more lamb and delve deeper into another culture's dining options. Recommended.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,5/12/2013,34,225,4,6,4>This place is tiny! But super cute. I love the inside of it. Very smalltown feel.They have good food that I would say is decently priced -corndogs, burritos, burger, Indian tacos, hot dogs, fries, jalapeno cheddar balls, shakes, malts, good drinks. There are other things but that's the gist of it.Now here's something that may deter people and if it does, well that's yo thing:This has an old timey feel to it. As in no gloves or hairnets. Usually I'm a stickler about these things, but it feels appropriate for the setting and type of people who work there. Now, if someone at McDonald's (God forbid I go there more than once every few months) handles my food that way, NO THANKS. It makes sense to me. Leave me alone.I don't eat fast food often, but I'd recommend Tim's.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,5/11/2013,34,109,,3,3>After having a serious sushi craving and checking the reviews, we decided to try something new.Tokyo Japanese Restaurant is tucked away in Nichols Hills in a stand alone white and black house. The decor is austere and simple and could probably use some freshening.The menu is varied and has something for everyone. We had udon noodles, a philly roll, agedashi (deep fried tofu), Kama (fish cheeks), hand roll and edamame (soy beans).All the hot food was expertly prepared and the fish was fresh and excellent. The agedashi could have been cooked at a higher temp as they were on the oily side. The presentation and prep overall was fine and the added oil certainly did not stop me from eating the whole thing!I have to say...the highlight was the fish cheeks. I had become accustomed to having them in Seattle but this was the first time I had found them in OKC. They were the best I have had. It was a hugely, generous portion that was cooked to perfection. The fish fell away in wonderful, moist sections that was perfectly salted. Dinner was excellent and we are looking forward to checking out more of the extensive menu.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,5/10/2013,104,71,5,6,3>If you are looking for a good mechanic, it probably means your car broke down and you're probably not in the mood to read a bunch of adjectives.I know enough about cars to say with confidence that you can bring your broken car here and they will fix it, and when they tell you something needs to be replaced or repaired, it actually does.  I also get the impression that these guys not only take pride in their work, they may actually enjoy it.  The only other thing I think is worth mentioning is that they are also really really good at their job- I gave them a pretty complex repair, they said the parts would be delivered to them on Monday morning, and I'd have my car Monday evening.  Surprisingly, it was done at around noon on Monday.  I don't have to visit the mechanic's often, so I don't know how you're supposed to feel when you go to their garage, but I felt like I was picking my car up from the hospital, and the doctor was saying my car friend was going to be okay.  Of course, because of malpractice suits a car doctor can't actually come out and say, "Your car is going to live for another 10 years" but the guys who operated on my car wished us farewell and waved to us as we drove off... okay not really, but the guys in the waiting room who came to see us off (in spirit) gave me the impression that my car may actually have many good years ahead of it, and something told me that if it did, that would make them happy.This is the shortest, most to the point, not getting sidetracked review I can write.  Sorry about your car.P.S. I hope you are not stranded.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,5/9/2013,26,33,2,3,2>I've been to Picasso's a couple of times for brunch and I have yet to be let down! Everything I have tried on their brunch menu is packed with mouthwatering flavor. The sunrise sandwich was incredible along with the breakfast potatoes that come on the side. The Eggs Benedict has a great hollandaise sauce. The waitstaff has always been helpful and friendly. Picasso's is a great example of the wonderful local restaurants OKC has to offer! Now I just need to go back again sometime for dinner!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,5/8/2013,47,9,,1,1>This is a hidden gem in Norman over by Sam's Club. You might miss it if you didn't know where you're going. My boyfriend knows the chef and brought me for the first time - now I'm addicted. It's our go-to brunch spot. You will probably have to wait for a table since it's  small space and gets packed on weekends. We come put our name in and then run over to Sam's for weekend shopping. I love the ranchera omelet and the papas con chorizo. Authentic, great price, and fast service once you get your table.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,5/7/2013,26,51,14,11,5>I've come to accept that I'm a Bobo's chicken hipster. I've been frequenting this great truck since 1999, before 23rd at night was a semi-safe area. I grew up just a half mile from where Bobo's currently parks, and it was my first food truck experience. 14 years since I first tried Bobo's chicken, and still, I have yet to taste anything better. And as a black dude, I've tried a lot of chicken.(It's not racist if I'm saying it about myself).  They are very prompt, and have a very no nonsense approach to customer service.  When ordering chicken, know what you want before you approach, and have your money ready. Cash only muthafucka. When your food is ready, he'll ask you if you want honey. Say yes. You'll thank me later. I recently took a friend to Bobo's, and she refused. I was completely appalled, and I was re-evaluating our friendship the entire home. Carly, I'm talking about you! That's like getting a massage, being offered a happy ending, and not taking it! Yea, the massage was awesome, but...ok, I should have used the "banana split without whip cream or cherry" analogy, but you get the point! Ok, I've gotten off topic. Bobo's is pretty good chicken, and likely has been open longer than any food truck in Oklahoma. Unlike most food trucks, they are reliable. They can be found at a specific time, on specific, set days, and the menu has, for the most part stayed the same. If you ever have the chance, visit Bobo's!
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,5/6/2013,42,13,,6,1>After reading a couple of the reviews, I was anticipating a less than ideal experience. However, we had a wonderful time from beginning to end! We went for Sunday breakfast - arrived around 8:15 and didn't have to wait for a table. Once we finished around 9, the restaurant was nearly full. I had the best seat in the house and was able to see all the food coming out of the kitchen. Everything looked great and I got a few ideas of what to order next time. At our table we had cinnamon sugar pancakes, side of bacon and fruit parfait. Everything was delicious! The presentation of the fruit parfait was adorable as well. Will definitely return!
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,5/5/2013,20,10,,3,2>The atmosphere is relaxed and chill, and if you want some good grub while enjoying the scenes around campus, you'll like this place. Starting out the service was slow, but you don't go to the Library to rush you go to relax and take your time. The food was tremendous. I highly recommend the quesadillas. If you're a pizza lover, this is a great place to find and pizza of your own. Highlight: they order their cheese fresh so if you're into cheese, cheese it up at the Library. So if the day is sunny, park yourself at the Library and enjoy you a cool beer whist getting some work done. Also, it doesn't hurt when mom or pops call to ask where you are to say you're at the Library.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,5/4/2013,99,8,,2,1>Sometimes, you just need a bar and a cold beer.And that is exactly what you will get at VZD's. I love the food, especially the club. But don't leave without the fried okra! And their bloody mary's are excellent as well: The perfect antidote if you stayed a little too late the previous night. Chill atmosphere, great music (sometimes a little on the loud side; what can I say? I'm getting old!), perfect spot when you wanna keep it cool and low key.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,5/3/2013,31,63,,3,2>This is a wonderful addition to the Plaza District. Went here for a production of The Legend of Irma Vep and it was outstanding. The theatre only seats around 280 and there is not a bad seat in the place. Even sitting in the last rows, you can see and hear everything. It's like seeing a live performance in a large living room! The acoustics are wonderful and I love the mix of modern sleekness with rustic decor. Plaza show times are: Tuesday - Thursday, 7:30PM; Friday and Saturday, 8PM; Saturday afternoon 2PM. Tickets can be easily purchased online. Go visit lyrictheatreokc.com for upcoming shows and with the location there are some great area restaurants to grab a bite before or after the show. Perfect date night!
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,5/30/2014,40,73,,4,3>I've been shot in the heart by Cupid and am officially in love with Bow & Arrow Boutique. I really think it is fate. They are located minutes from my office, have unique clothes at a variety of prices, and have a friendly dog to greet you when you come in the store.Bow & Arrow has a great location at Broadway & 6th, and a small parking lot next to it offers easy accessibility. This boutique has a lot of really great clothes. Don't kid yourself into thinking you will go in and just look around. You will find something you can't live without and you will have to buy it. And get it while you can because they order small quantities of items in order to have a wider variety of stock. You'll notice this when they have completely different items every time you go in! The prices are pretty wide spread, with their most expensive items being around $100. They have a 50% off sale rack that usually has pretty good items, so definitely check it out!If you want to torture yourself daily, follow their Instagram (@shopbowandarrow). They are always posting pictures and prices of their new arrivals!Lets be real though, one the best parts about Bow & Arrow is the store dog, Penny. Very friendly and sweet!The one thing I don't really like about Bow & Arrow is the dressing room situation. They have 3 rooms at the back of the store, but the doors are very low. That might not be a problem for shorter girls, but my tall and modest self can't help but feel a little exposed. However, I've never been here when its crowded, so its never made me want to not try something on. Another think that could be taken as a negative or positive is their limited stock. I take it as a positive because I like that it presents a variety of options within the store, and it means there won't be 100 other girls in OKC wearing the same top as me. The negative side is that there could something you like, but they don't have you size and they won't be getting it in with the next shipment.Overall, 4 stars because I've always had a great experience here and love the type of clothes they carry!Bonus: 10% off with your Keep It Local Card! Spend $100 here and you'll earn the money back that you spent on the card for the millionth time.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,5/29/2014,63,120,1,4,2>Leo's bbq is a place on the eastside I consider a  good hood store eatery. I had Leos bbq for lunch Ribs, mustard potatoe salad, collard greens & baked beans for only $10. When you order any dinner or lite dinner, you get a  Free slice of leo's infamous strawberry banana cake. I've eaten @ a lot of bbq sauces, but Leos always stands out more than the other competitors.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,5/28/2014,123,113,1,5,2>Mini-strip mall on the north side of NW 23rd just east of I-44. Clean, but it's got some wear on it. The Missus and I stopped past after our usual Sunday morning rituals. We each got a 3 taco plate special (for only 5 bucks...geez). Between us, we had steak, barbeque, marinated pork, and grilled pork. Street taco style, with cilantro and onion, along with red or green sauce at the table. Super tasty. The steak was a little dry, but the porks were super juicy and the barbeque had amazing flavor (I think the sauce used adobo). I also saw a menudo come out that looked incredible, and provided me with even more inspiration to return. The lady at the cash register struggled with her english a little, but everyone was nice and professional.To recount, clean restaurant, friendly professional staff, great food and reasonable prices (okay, they're actually probably too low). It's a definite winner. Recommended.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,5/27/2014,136,68,1,8,4>WOW. I'm going to echo the majority of what Ashley D has said. I will literally never have to find another chiropractor in OKC after going to Vertebrae. Here's why:1) Everyone is very friendly2) Adjustments are AWESOME. You can tell that both doctors are very confident in their technique and I have felt immediate relief after each visit.3) Nice, clean, updated office with an excellent roller bed that also has heat.4) The way they operate the clinic is brilliant. As Ashley mentioned, it's $50/month for 5 visits. They don't bill your insurance, but even if your insurance covers chiropractic care (like mine does) this is still much cheaper or probably the same as paying a copay for 5 visits a month. If you don't have insurance or chiropractic coverage, it's a no brainer.5) No need for an appointment, late hours, open 7 days a week.Just go. You won't regret it!Pro Tip: They have an offer on facebook where your first adjustment is free! After you become a member, you can like their facebook page and get another adjustment for free (so you can get 6 visits that month!)Also, for the month of May they have an offer for members to bring in their Mother's for a free adjustment.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,5/26/2014,443,449,10,10,8>You ever hear/read/see a word so often that after a while, you're not sure you're pronouncing it correctly? That's what I feel like any time I read Yelp reviews about Cafe Kacao. Huevos Rancheros, Huevos Rancheros, Huevos Rancheros. Who-Wave-Ohs? Ranch-Air-Ohs? Really, there's nothing that I can add that others have not already added in hyperbolized detail, so I'll simply say this: I really, really, really enjoyed the Huevos Rancheros. Like I'm for serial you guys it was quite good. Mind blowingly amazing? Neh. But it was quite satisfying. The tortillas were a perfect blend of soft and the lightest touch of crunch, and everything on top (of the aforementioned tortillas) created an interesting blend of flavors. Granted, I could probably do with a little less of the beans, and a little more of everything else, but it wasn't a deal breaker. Regardless, it's worth what you pay for the meal, and I'm looking forward to trying other things on the menu (e.g. mosh, Tikal, hot cocoa, the coffee, and on and on and on and on it goes). This seems like a great place to come with a large group of friends, and you can have a family style meal where everyone orders something different to share and comes away a little happier for it.Service was delightful. They're lovely people, serving lovely food. I'm sorry for how unhelpful this review is, but ultimately, all I have to add is that you should try Cafe Kacao as soon as you can. Take me with you. You won't regret it. Or you might regret it. In which case I'm sorry, I guess?
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,5/25/2014,224,538,,6,3>A Norman, and particularly campus, classic.  Shuttle delivers good pizza and subs, and usually promptly.  There are lots of coupons available just about everywhere; notably in the phone book and online.  A great deal of Shuttle is delivered late at night, after you've been out for the evening.  While I'm not in college anymore (and haven't been for a long time), I do recall fondly those late night Shuttle orders....I typically get the thin crust over the regular or thick.  But, I'll get any of them depending on the mood.  The go to sub for me is the TBS:  turkey, bacon and swiss.  I always add the Italian dressing.  It's wrapped in foil and even when delivered, the lettuce stays crispy.  Is it the best pizza you've ever had?  Nope, and not the best sandwiches either.  But, they are consistent, deliver quickly, and offer a lot of options for ordering.  I ordered them as a college kid, and I continue to order them as adult.  However, I order a lot earlier in the evening now.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,5/24/2014,357,648,,10,6>Looks can be deceiving...I needed to buy some rice wine vinegar and sesame oil PRONTO and I didn't have time to head to the Asian District. I walked in and was surprised at how clean and organized the place was. They have an "Asian" and "Mexican" food section with a lot of walking space. My options were very limited though. They only carried one brand and in one size of both items. Beggers can't be choosers! The produce area was small so I didn't bother to check it out. It was almost the same size at Natural Grocers in Norman.What I really appreciated was the fact that I could easily get in and out without having to wait in a dreadfully long line. It might not have all that I need, but for the sake of being so close to home, I will come back and visit :)
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,5/23/2014,59,55,2,8,3>I've never thought a pizza restaurant could pull off breakfast, but the Wedge has done it!Not just do they serve amazing pizzas, inventive and flavorful salads, and the best antipasto I've ever had, but they have perfected the breakfast Stromboli, toast and Nutella and great wraps. The Wedge is y number one pick for a great breakfast. Or lunch. Or dinner...Really, the wedge does it all wonderfully.I love having meetings here because you know the food will be great, there's always room for a group and it's fancy enough (cloth napkins!) but you can keep it casual as well.I love their beer selection, and the prices are really affordable. They have a great lunch combo- $8 for a small pizza and a small salad. Plus their hummus and flatbread? The perfect snack during a night out and some beers.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,5/22/2014,182,106,3,6,4>When you are in need of some kid-soul-food you know you can always go to the Mule for some interesting and savory takes on grilled cheese. If you are on a budget you can stick to a simple but delicious "Big Ass Grilled Cheese" or go with one of my favorites, "The Cortez." What I loved most of all is that each tasty Sammy comes with a house-made side. I once had a watermelon gazpacho that rocked my world. There was one potato soup that I thought was pretty watery and bland but you can't hit every original soup out of the park. Another great option for the ginger lovers out there, no I don't mean redheads but I've seen several auburn flannel clad hipsters frequenting this establishment, is the amazing Moscow Mules. Do yourself a favor and try this delightful drink that bites back.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,5/21/2014,8,85,,7,4>After a few visits to the Garage with family and coworkers, it is safe to say that I'm in gastronomic love. My love affair with this place has started hot and is still burning bright.  The wife and I have had tried a few different burgers (Grilled Jalapeño Bacon Cheeser, Spicy Sriracha Bleu, Bacon Avocado Ranch, and BBQ Bacon Theta) at this point and enjoyed them. Our favorites have been the Bacon Cheeser and the BBQ Bacon. The burgers have been a great blend of flavors and tasty beef.As for the fries, we've had the Fresh Cut, Garlic/Parm, and Sweet Potato. I found the regular fries to be okay, and while the garlic/parm were tasty, they didn't mix well with the burger and beer I had at the time. However, I loved the crisp and perfectly seasoned sweet potato fries, and we are looking forward to trying the Tijuana fries. They sound like a delightful concoction of fresh cut fries covered in grilled onions and jalapeños. As for the bar and atmosphere, we enjoyed a couple of Great Divide Yetis and noticed quite a few more mouth watery brews on offer. The vibe was was relaxed and music wasn't off putting. Actually, a few of the songs took us back to our high school days in the 90s. They even get bonus points for putting the Liverpool game on the TV for me!  YNWAThe Garage Burgers and Beer... Oh how I love thee! How I dote on thee!
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,11/11/2013,30,250,,2,3>We will be returning. There is no doubt about it.Setting: Great views, quiet restaurant around dinner time and even live music.The meal: Outstanding. My steak wasn't quite done enough but waiter took it back and had it fixed with no issues. It was juicy and didn't have all the gristle on it like cheaper cuts of meat do. The mashed potatoes were awesome. My wife ordered the tilapia and enjoyed it. Their crab cakes are delicious. The drinks: Margaritas were a little (ok a lot) heavy on the triple sec. Informed the staff and they were replaced at no charge.The staff: Waiter was friendly, attentive and not overbearing like some of the other restaurants out there. He always seemed to appear when you needed him to and wasn't hovering the entire meal (this earned him an extra tip). The price: Kind of pricy when you add in an appetizer, salad, drinks, and the two main courses. Out the door with tip just over $100.Can't wait to try their brunch menu! If anyone knows whether their patio is pet friendly, let me know!
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,11/10/2013,0,9,,1,3>Everything you could want in BBQ!I don't come home as much as I want to. But when I do, Ray's is on the top of my list. They always have friendly, efficient, and considerate staff. It's great to have new family memories in a building that we have always had memories in (back when it was Pizza Hut.)I always get the pulled pork sandwich with fried okra, and I lather that BBQ sauce on, because it is one of the best sauces out there. I only wish that there were more BBQ options out there like this one. Great for lunch with friends.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,11/9/2013,5,29,,4,1>I recently moved back to OKC and was so glad to find a new salon had opened! Walk-ins are welcome, but I decided to book a same day appointment just because I was being spontaneous and wanted to change up my hair a bit.I have a mohawk, and the long part is about shoulder length. I asked to keep the length, thin and taper the bottom and add some swoop bangs and Kodie worked her magic on me. I love the cut and she was really fun to talk to. She didn't mind going back and thinning more and also re-doing the bangs to make them shorter. The cut was $40, and as someone who gets a cut 2-3 times a year max, that was fine with me.I will be back, for sure! Ask for Kodie!
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,11/8/2013,27,65,,3,1>I came here for lunch yesterday with the hubby. At first I was a bit confused because the restaurant is in the back of the market and everyone working there was in the back. So it took us a few minutes to finally get some service. We both ordered the mixed plate which consist of chicken, bugogli, some marinated pork and rice. This was served with kim chi, cucumbers and bean sprout. It was delicious and I was very surprised. I plan on coming here often to pick up a quick meal. I probably pick the food up instead of eating there next time.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,11/7/2013,35,104,,1,1>This is my favorite Latin food in town. I love the jerk chicken but the best kept secret is the pork chops! Ohhhhh my goodness! They are marinated overnight and they are cooked to perfection. The spicy salsa is delicious and you have to try the plantains. Don't skip dessert! The flan is to die for and the sopapilas are the best in town!
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,11/6/2013,62,45,2,5,1>Korean people opened a Mexican place in Oklahoma City, you guys.Vamonos is a standalone fast food joint (maybe it was an old Starbucks?)  in the desert of north OKC. It's squeaky clean inside, and the posted menu inside is fairly large, with lots of daily specials posted. I know Korean fusion is a thing now, but I was still plenty excited, and I've been thoroughly disappointed with the quality and size of the Korean food selection in OKC.Highly recommend getting the signature burrito (the Korean ribeye is somehow totally authentic, even tucked inside a Chipotle-sized burrito), and the kimchi, rice and spicy salsa make for a surprisingly light and fresh combination. Also great: the spicy mayo on the ribeye tacos. I also tried the crispy fish taco, which was loaded with guacamole.The staff was friendly, the food was great (and CHEAP), and I'm looking forward to going back.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,11/5/2013,107,56,,4,1>Great family tradition with kids. May not entertain adults and teens as much but truly a great (the best) pumpkin patch. Admission is $12.50 and includes hay ride, pumpkin patch and free small pumpkin, awesome playground, corn sandbox, petting zoo, train ride, and 4acre corn maze, pedal cars big enough for adults to ride and a big pillow jump. For $10 you can do a pretty nice zip line and $4 more you can ride ponys. In oct mon-thurs it's 10am to 6pm and fri to sun closes at 9. If you have kids you should definitely bring them here. Well worth it. My 9 and 11 year olds loved and there was lots of little kids enjoying it too.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2013,11/3/2013,302,447,,2,2>Very good food. Nothing I ate came out of any microwave that is for sure. I had the fajitas and aside the sauce for chips being a bit watery (the cheese sauce) I found this place to be A-1. Its very clean, customer service was great. Its authentic and tasty. Only gripe I had was that when we arrived they had really good Mexican music playing and then all of a sudden a rap song came on and I was like "what the...." but it was at the end of the day so I assume it was a cook/servers choice....it was 1 song and quickly went back to the standard music I was happy to hear (I mean I DID come for Mexican food and the atmosphere that accompanied such cuisine) so I can't give it 5 stars but its a solid 4 and I plan to come back and try and few other items in the near future. Prices were decent and everyone who was there seemed to be in a good mood, enjoying their food and that is always a good sign for a return visit.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,11/2/2013,125,125,2,3,2>I go to lunch here on average about once a week, I pick-up a fresh bag of elemental coffee, sometimes some rustic bread and occasionally a random item I've been eyeing like Bourbon Vanilla Beans, Powdered Cookies and oh yeah Cheese of course. Make no mistake about it, I think they are a lovely grocery store and in some romantic daydream versions of my life I shop and buy cheese there everyday. Let's get real about forward foods though, when it comes down to it I'm not there for my husbands coffee beans, or those deliciously tempting powdered cookies, I'm there for the sandwiches. Like honestly if I could only eat one sandwich for the rest of my life, (which would be ridiculous I know) but if I could have just one it would be the Caprese grilled and the Kim Chi & Cheese would be a close second for me. (as soon as I try another sandwich there it will probably be my third) I love cooking, I know I'm in love with a really easy sandwich I could make it myself and sometimes I do. However part of cooking has taught me the importance of fresh ingredients and I have to say Forward Foods will always have be beat on that, and I will happily defer to them and their fine sandwich making abilities.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,11/1/2013,139,130,5,3,3>Oh Iguana, how have I not reviewed thee?  Not extolled the virtues of your salsa that is damn near drinkable?  Not sung the praises of your chalupa nachos?  Failed to shout from the rooftops about your swirls and skinny margs?  Let me redeem myself.Iguana is always busy for a reason:  It is unique, delicious Mexican food served by fun people in a great location.  Patience is a virtue that was missed on me, but I can twiddle my thumbs and pass the time just fine when I know what awaits at the end.  Plus, you are always welcome to get a drink at the bar to make the wait go down a little smoother.  I have eaten here for every type of meal and occasion: brunch, working lunch, happy hour, catered at parties, private parties in the side room (including my own rehearsal dinner), late night eats after a fun night out, and in the parking lot during their epic Cinco de Mayo celebration.  I have enjoyed everything I have ever had here in each of those settings and that my friends is how you know you're doing it right.  Personal faves are the chalupa nachos (the little taste of honey is right on the money), chimichanga, street tacos, and anything that includes the words jicama and slaw.  My dearest Iguana, let me be clear:  I would enjoy you on a boat, I would enjoy you in a moat.  I would sit at your bar or eat in my car.  For you I would pop & lock because well, you rock.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2012,9/11/2012,7,47,,2,1>This restaurant was very close to my old apartment so I ate here often. Moved a mile north and still frequent the place. I have never had anything bad off of this menu. Matt's favorite is the Tom Yum soup and Pad Thai. My number one favorite is the pineapple fried rice. Hot cashews. . . yum. Amazing. The service is always wonderful and attentive. The people that work here are so nice. I took one star away selfishly because they don't take American Express and that's the credit card where my boyfriend pays the bill.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,9/10/2012,443,449,8,10,7>We as OKC Yelpers should be embarrassed and disappointed with ourselves for being more inclined to eat at and review fast food restaurants over a place like Bob Davis. I can't say that I have experienced everything that BD has to offer, but what I have tried, I love. And that matters because what I have tried (and love) is something that I normally can't stand. I despise anything related to corn. Corn tortillas, cornbread, corn flour, corn syrup, corn on the cob, cornmeal, cornrows... You get the idea. If you give me a corn muffin, I take it to mean that you hate me. And then I'll probably throw it at you. One day, someone gave me a piece of cornmeal encrusted fried catfish from BD. I made a face. Then I made another face but the second face was one of delightful surprise as opposed to skepticism. It's not overly fried like some fried catfish places where the fish is hard and dry. The cornmeal is crunchy, and seasoned well. If all corn products provided such gustatory delights, I'd be more inclined to, you know, not want to hurl it at people. BD has a pretty good deal that involves 20 fairly large pieces of catfish, sides and bread for approximately $30.00. You can't really go wrong with that, especially if you're eating as a group. Generally, the deals are not as impressive if you buy the catfish alone and in smaller portions. Then they tend to run something like $15.00 for 6 pieces. Go try it. It's in what some people have deemed as being a "sketchy" neighborhood but it's not terrible. If you're that concerned for your safety, avoid going alone at night.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,9/9/2012,5,32,,2,1>Saigon Baguette is a quirky little take-out vietnamese sandwich shop that inhabits the old "Milk Bottle" on Classen. Their wall menu advertises five different sandwiches, egg rolls and spring rolls. I've only had the Chicken Sandwich (#2) and the BBQ Pork Sandwich (#3), so I can't comment on everything, but what I've had was not only excellent, but was cheap to boot! I'm not positive, but I think all the sandwiches are $2.50 each. If you like you can also try the unusual assortment of canned drinks from the cooler. They stock aloe vera juice, agave juice, iced coffees of all kinds as well as the usual stuff.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,9/8/2012,3,21,,3,1>A good choice for a broad choice of lunch items. My daughter introduced me to this café, and I've taken others. My dad even requested we go to Stuffed Olive for his 80th birthday last year. I've had several different sandwiches, soups and salads. The tomato bisque is the best! The food is all pretty good, so I find it hard to decide what to order. The staff could be a little more personable, from the counter staff to the kitchen staff, they seem grumpy sometimes.  Our table had incredible service from a young waitress one day, when someone else picked up the tab. I left extra cash in addition to the tip that was put on a Visa. As we were leaving a guy came from the kitchen to clear our table, and he picked up the bill. I said it was for our server as she was so good to us. He said, "It all goes in the jar" (a fundraiser jar for someone) and he stuffed the cash in the big jar. So, she never got to even see the generous tip, and I thought it was very tacky of him to do that in front of me.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,9/7/2012,0,4,,3,2>Went there for lunch the other day - and I was impressed.  Service was excellent, the choices wide and the prices reasonable.  After coming home I read the Yelp reviews and saw that poor service was noted - a while back.  This place has only been open a few months and service issues are to be expected.Will go there for dinner and I will write another review.  But it is hard not to look around and wonder why the all you can eat ribs and other BBQ fare are not there.  Yes, I miss the old County Line, but I still like the small kind of intimate rooms on the side that seat just four people.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,9/6/2012,47,207,3,5,2>I went with the reviews on this one, which hasn't always paid off, but I wasn't the least bit disappointed this time.  I am stingy with stars and extremely picky so this is a big deal.First of all, I felt like I was eating at a sophisticated pizza place in New York City.  This place has swag.  It is sexy and modern.  The music they play fits perfectly.  The ambiance is just awesome.The garlic cheese bread sticks were probably the best I've ever had.  The side salad was perfect for me because it has only lettuce, cheese and croutons.  I don't like tomatoes and crap on my salad so I was in heaven because I didn't have to spend ten minutes picking crap off my salad.  The pizza was amazing.  We got the Chicago style crust and omg, so good.  They season the pizza perfectly.  I also usually spend half my meal picking chewy cheese off my pizza.  Not the case this time.  Cheese was good.  My only complaint was that the pizza could have used a bit more sauce but I'll know next time to just ask for more.  The pizza is well priced, cheaper than I thought it would be but the bar drinks are overly pricey.The street parking is free, no meters and it is right next door to the IAO which can be a neat place sometimes.  Well done, yelpers.  This place is a jewel.  I will be back!
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,9/5/2012,0,6,,3,2>One of my favorite places in the city to go with a friend and a good book. Their cupcakes are a treat, but I always seem to scrape off some of the icing so it doesn't over whelm the cake. It's usually pretty busy, so if you can snag yourself the couch in the back room you should consider yourself lucky. They've got a board that lists the what cupcakes they have on what day and what the different flavors are. The employees have always been super helpful and nice. All around a great place to visit!
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,9/4/2012,83,76,,2,1>Say what? Gourmet food truck! Yes it is...quality beef and meat. Asian fusion. The sauce is very tasty and quite spicy. The Vietnamese salsa is very fresh with a mix of mango, tomato and onion...They did put lots of thoughts and care how to keep the quality consistent. FYI: Heo is a Vietnamese for pig... (even though they use beef for most of their food).
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,9/3/2012,151,161,,2,1>Completely authentic (at least from what I would call authentic Italian) Not much meat in the dishes, but wonderful taste. The complimentary bread was delicious, the calamari was some of the best I've ever had, and the main dishes were all awesome: Gnocchi, Shrimp Scampi (which came with pasta and sauce of your choice), and Ziti. The service couldn't have been any better; he was courteous and helpful. Of course this place doesn't seem to be well known - we were the only patrons (granted it was around 9:30).
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,9/2/2012,292,440,,3,1>My friends dragged me over here after Speakeasy saying that I had to try and lunchbox. When I got in, I was half expecting to get a nice sandwich, some chips, and a drink. Little did I know, LUNCHBOXES ARE SO MUCH MORE! Somehow this combo of beer, orange juice, and amaretto works so well. The atmosphere is very crowded, sweaty, and frat-party-esque, but whatever it's worth it to get some lunch boxes. If you're claustrophobic, definitely stay away! Anyways, overall good experience, the wait outside was a good 30mins though, that was kinda lame. Oh and did i mention CHEAP BEER! Yes winner.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2014,9/8/2014,6,48,1,3,4>Read the Yell reviews and decided we'd give it a try, we are glad we did. Started off with the flight of beers, Blues Berry Ale was great!  We also had the pretzel sticks as an appetizer. We had the chicken fried steak, mashed potatoes, fried okra and added the peanut slaw because it was different. Everything was great. The manager came by to greet us and we were looking forward to it because we noticed she responds to her Yelp reviews, which says a lot about how much she cares. We had an excellent server, Chris, ask for him and you won't be disappointed. We'll be back!!!
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2014,9/7/2014,104,246,1,3,5>We came into this adoption center after looking for a dog to adopt online for over a month and being unsuccessful. We were approached by a young woman asking what kind of dog we were looking for. We told her we wanted an older dog, low maintenance, preferably lazy and we were pointed in the direction of a precious little Basset Hound. We took her out for a stroll and fell in love. We were able to adopt this pup for $150 and we were in and out of the adoption center in less than thirty minutes even though there were plenty of people buzzing around. The dog was chipped, spayed and current on vaccinations. When we got her home we realized they didn't mention anything about flea and tick treatments and when we called the said hers expired two days ago so they let us come in and get her treatment. I highly recommend this adoption center for anyone looking for a new pet. Adoption is always best for pets and there are always new animals coming through from puppies and kittens to seniors. The employees here were professional and experienced and eager to answer any questions. I would definitely recommend The Humane Society to anyone!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2014,9/6/2014,0,6,1,2,3>When you walk up to the snow cone shack and they open the window, the first thing you smell is fresh fruit. Best thing ever! I love that they incorporate fresh fruit in their fruit flavored snow cones! Their kiwi snow cone is one of my favorites. Chamango is the perfect summer treat if you like your taste buds to be tickled. Tornado is like chamango, but it has more fresh produce (cucumber, jicama, pineapple). Tasty too!
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2014,9/5/2014,52,137,1,4,5>Just recently found this place while wandering around Edmond. I needed a place to do some drinking & studying. I had a venti Aspen coffee. I know...really adventurous. I don't claim to be a coffee connoisseur so I can't speak to all of the intricacies of the coffee, but I can tell you it tastes pretty good. Next time I'll try one of the cappuccinos or lattes. This coffee shop is in a great location for me, right on my way to work. Unfortunately there is no drive-through. There is plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. Two sides of the coffee shop are floor to ceiling glass so there's lots of natural light & you don't feel quite as shut in like some other local shops. I guess it depends on how much of a hermit you want to be that day. Their free WIFI is surprisingly good. I was getting 17Mb down & 5Mb up. Not bad at all compared to many of the other local places. The barista was kind enough to even give me a free refill on coffee. How awesome is that? Friendly staff, clean bathrooms all a plus. I'll probably be back in the near future to try more drinks.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,9/4/2014,58,59,1,5,5>Love this place.  Excellent brunch, excellent dinner, excellent drinks.  The only downside is that it can get a little bit (ok, a LOT) too loud.  The staff is generally good, and I like the ambiance, though its starting to get a little cliche for farm to fork style restaurants to look like this.  I have literally never had anything here I don't like, though I can't say I have a favorite thing.Also of awesome interest: they have a variety of specially mixed non alcoholic juices that are AMAZING if you don't feel like boozing it up.  I love the hulk smash and jessica wabbit enough that I've passed up drinks in their favor before.As to the food style: your typical farm to fork modern american with a twist.  I mean, its a trend, they are exactly on trend, and they're doing it well.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,9/3/2014,81,105,3,8,6>Business is booming at Elemental!  Here's why:- The best coffee in the city*. Hear me out: I regularly drink a latte, which may seem like sacrilege to purists (who should flock to the siphon bar on Saturday afternoons and perhaps scan some other aficionados' reviews).  Nonetheless, some milk and sugar in the raw doesn't preclude the ability to recognize superior coffee.  I crave Elemental's latte; it has depth and flavor like none other.  Any time it makes sense to swing by- whether to sit and drink or take with-,  I will.  When I'm unable to make it to Elemental, and see my friends check in there, I (momentarily) tinge chartreuse with envy.  I've often thought about asking the team at Elemental to plant a coffee truck outside my work so that I can swing downstairs for therapy/ an IV drip.- The new menu. Elemental used to turn out sweet and savory crepes, but their new menu is more broad.  I hope the crepes come back on occasion.  Still, breakfast and lunch plates are so wholesome and lovely that the crepe sacrifice is rather okay.  The menu changes, though there are certain plates that turn up again and again.  Of these, I am especially fond of the tacos (on Tuesdays, with one of the most delicious salsas I've ever enjoyed) and the PCP quesadilla.  I've heard tell that the biscuits and gravy is a gobsmacker of a breakfast.  Generally, I've found the plated dishes stronger than baked goods and ready-made items like the wrapped sandwiches, but I've had some fantastic scones and bars, too (Try the "It's a Date Bar").  The best advice I can give you is to go with what sounds good to you; chances are, you'll be very happy.  - The new space.  Now that the menu is on the reg, the evolution of space is particularly important.  In short, there are more places to sit than before.  You can dine near the roaster, at the bar, seated at one of the community tables, or when Oklahoma weather is forgivingly mild and pleasant, on the patio out front.  Inside, Elemental is easy on the eyes, with open space and plenty of natural light.  So too are the patrons; I'd much rather people watch here than inside some run-of-the-mill franchise.- The team.  Solid baristas and more.  I'm not sure what everyone's job is, but I am sure that this small, local business works as a team.  They are  roasters, cooks, artists, marketers, and god knows what else.  Together they have steadily evolved Elemental from a small, sparsely populated coffee house to a buzzing, thriving community player.  H&8th Night Market, course-side refreshments for local bike races such as OKC Pro-Am Classic, and tents set up at events such as Wiggle Out Loud are testament to the team's community presence.  Elemental Coffee Roasters is a local business to boast about, cheer on, and visit repeatedly.  Or more simply, to enjoy.  Stop by and get to know it.  *Other contenders for best coffee, to separate the wheat from the chaff, include Coffee Slingers, Mariposa, Leaf + Bean, Evoke, and Stumptown (available at Syrup).  I've also had pretty good lattes at All About Cha (though not consistently, and not with the depth of flavor that makes me swoon).  Of these, Elemental is my clear favorite.  Pro-tip: Don't forget your Keep It Local card!
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,9/2/2014,48,38,2,5,6>I don't handle things out of my control well, so when my battery died late Sunday night, I was less than thrilled with the situation. Through no actual hard labor of my own, a new battery was procured and replaced in my car, but the connectors to the battery were so corroded that a tight seal was not a possibility.Enter Pro Express. I called first thing Monday morning and they told me to come in. I dropped the car off, mentioning that my headlight was also out, and Herman drove me to work. Less than four hours later, I got a call that my car was completely finished and ready for pickup -- and for a price that made me cry because it was so LOW.Herman picked me up from work and let me talk his ear off about the litany of other problems I had with my vehicle. He told me to get a complete list together and come back in for a free checkover/diagnosis. "You're dealing with honesty here, sweetheart," he said -- and it's true. There's nothing but a genuine desire to help his customers, whom he called "fantastic" several times during the ride.I'm going back here anytime I need car help. Which, with a car at 145,000 miles ... might be pretty soon.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,9/1/2014,229,142,3,4,3>There is a lot to love there. Gel nails? Check. Open Sundays? Check. Massage chairs? Check. (And brand spanking new - I was there the day after they got them and the staff was still excited and borderline giddy about them. Good stuff! The staff is either chatty if you want or quiet if you want to chill. Nice mix. However.... Big however... The last time I was in there was a younger woman that worked there and she talked in such a loud, grating voice I couldn't wait to leave. The subjects? Her boyfriend. Shopping. Her boyfriend telling her to stop shopping. Not understanding how her bit friend hates to shop. Shopping is fun! Shopping with her boyfriend would be the best! Grate.Grate. Grate.... Are my nails dry yet? No? I'll risk banging them up. It's ok - I gotta see a guy about a thing...
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,8/31/2014,47,207,2,4,4>Words cannot explain how much I love this place.  I could go on and on and on and on.  You get the idea.  They have a great selection of water crafts to get on the river in.  Really, something for everyone.  The zipline across the river is absolutely tremendous, superb, fabulous, unreal.  I need more awesome adjectives.  The ropes course set up is brilliant.  You're not waiting on ten other people when you are up there and you can choose just how many obstacles you want to do.  The slide down is a blast.  They have a mister so you can cool off and water fountain with a convenient spout for your bottle.  There is a gift store right in the middle of it all if you need some a/c to cool off for a few minutes.  It is all brilliant.  I cannot wait to see what else they add.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,8/30/2014,8,62,1,4,4>What a unexpected surprise.  This is such a cute store with a restaurant in the back.  The restaurant has very nice details. Sat down with a table 16 or so.  Ordered a gyro and that was it.  It was one of the best gyros I've had in Okc.It was around $8.50 and that was with a drink.The servers are super friendly.I'll be back!
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2012,3/12/2013,4,90,,1,1>"Go to Egg Roll Express. Seriously."Given how I enjoy trying new things and my never-ending quest for the best soups, this advice should have been sufficient years ago. Only today did I set my mind to testing this place out for myself.First, the parking. It's not good. The lot is tiny and really not sufficient. Getting in and out of the lot is a bit of a pain. This was easily the worst part about the entire trip. In perspective, that seems to be a fairly good thing.The inside is pretty casual, appearing dated yet clean. The menu is entirely standard Chinese takeout fare without any twists. As fond as I am of chef creativity, there's something to be said for someone who can cook a meal I have had a dozen times before and still manage to impress me. Did they do that here? Yes. Yes they did.I went for the special fried rice, which is fried rice with a mix of beef, pork, shrimp, chicken, and imitation crab. A large order of this plus hot and sour soup results in enough food for two people or one person who wants leftovers later that evening. The fried rice itself is great, not unlike Singapore fried rice minus the curry flavor. The variety of meat really makes this dish interesting the whole way through.Now for the hot and sour soup. My friends will testify that I get a little bit excited over a good hot and sour soup. Perhaps there is even justification for adjectives such as fanatical. This was a solid if standard hot and sour soup. It wasn't the best I have tasted, nor even really the best soup in town, but it was good and I was not disappointed. I had no difficulty tasting the light sour tang. The spice was modest but overshadowed by the spice in the fried rice which I had asked for. Certainly better than the flavorless pretenses of soup I have had at other takeout restaurants. I can say that it was enjoyable enough that I appreciated the generous portion.So, there are platters that run about $6 after tax for lunch and my order large enough to fill me for two meals ended up just under $10. While "cash only" can seem like an inconvenience, it does away with the surprisingly high expense on the merchant for a credit transaction. It is absolutely visible in the prices. While this isn't a common policy, there are other restaurants in town which go by "cash only" in exchange for being cheaper than the competition.Four stars. Getting there, parking, and getting out are all a major annoyance and my hopes for the soup may have been a bit too high after recommendations, but I find myself quite pleased.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,3/11/2013,16,43,7,12,12>Shawnee may have a reputation of producing little for the world besides plentiful casinos, meth labs, gambling addicts and criminals, but its proponents are quick to tell you that Brad Pitt was born there and Sonic Drive Ins were started there. A Hollywood A-lister is nice, but does that make up for plaguing the world with thousands and thousands of car stalls where you can pull up and scarf down a double cheeseburger and tots with the engine running, pumping out CO2 like there's no tomorrow? (guilty as charged!)  Se7en was admittedly pretty awesome, but on the balance, not hardly!However, there is one thing that may bring redemption to Shawnee for all the ugliness borne of the Pott County region (yes that includes yours truly), and that is Van's Pig Stand.Van's started in Shawnee many moons ago, back in the prehistoric era (aka "the good old days" in Shawnee), when men were men and women knew their place.  Over the ensuing decades they've been smoking up pork and beef slathered with their perfect sauce through world wars, oil booms, oil busts, social upheaval and all that, without skipping a beat.Sometime in the 1990's, Van's opened a restaurant in Norman, bringing their recipes, smoker and sauce with them. Some BBQ "aficionados" will tell you that good BBQ doesn't even need sauce, but these people are delusional and/or developmentally challenged.  Van's BBQ sauce may be the best I have ever tried.  Being raised on Van's BBQ has spoiled me for life.Van's brisket is amazing (chopped or sliced)...  Their ribs are tender and fantastic.... And their pork sandwich ("pig sandwich") with a small dab of pickle relish is truly Shawnee's gift to the world.  Put a little squirt (or a lot) of their heavenly sauce on it and it's like I'm instantly transported back to  Shawnee, where you're always looking over your shoulder, always concerned that you may go outside to find your car vandalized (if not stolen outright), or that some hobos from the nearby train tracks may have used that rolled down window as an invitation to take a whiz. But that wonderful smoky smell and tangy sauce overcomes all.You have not truly lived until you've feasted upon a "Vanized" double baked potato, with a dollop of garlic butter melting on top.  And Van's famous curly fries... and baked beans.. all the sides are top notch.At Thanksgiving, we order a smoked turkey from Van's and it is always an incredible bird, moist and tender and smoked to absolute perfection, which we feast upon for a solid week.Another wonderful item on the Van's menu which I often overlook are their burgers.  It has always seemed a waste to me to visit Van's and not get BBQ, so it rarely happens that I order a burger, but given a recent Groupon promo I was reintroduced to them.  And boy howdy, were they amazing.  Honest to goodness, they were great.  So great that I can actually envision future trips to my favorite BBQ place for a burger, insane as it may sound!Van's BBQ has been a constant presence my entire life and that is certainly one thing to be grateful for!
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,3/10/2013,17,17,1,6,2>I've been searching for a really good BBQ place that compares to the original Arthur Bryant's in KC...well, Billy Sim's is right up there!! No other place in Oklahoma has such great tasting meat - without any sauce! The pulled pork, brisket & polish sausage were so flavorful! The baked beans, cole slaw, baked potato salad, Texas toast, heck everything, was superb! The wait staff was really awesome, too! Very nice, answered questions & seemed to care about the customers. I'm soooo impressed!!
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,3/9/2013,34,106,4,5,4>I lived and worked in Korea for a few years, and while there I heard through the grapevine other opportunities in China, Japan, Vietnam and Thailand. While Thailand was tempting, I didn't pursue anything there, and if I had I'm sure I would have gained about 800 pounds. The food at Pad Thai is the reason why.Like most small businesses, they don't have a commercial on TV. Though if they did I would picture it as this: a guy goes in with a less-adventurous someone who goes in under protest. He shovels in a snoutful of his food and the other says, "maybe I'll just try a bite." As this person reaches for it, he gores the encroaching hand with the nearest utensil and continues eating.The pad thai here is decent, but at any Thai restaurant I always opt for a dish that seems to have a different name wherever I go. Anyway, here it's called Spicy Basil Stir Fry. They asked how hot I wanted it, 1-5. At first I almost said 48, but tried instead the 5. If I were to have kissed someone right after that, it probably would have singed their lips... but still I think next time I'll try to get it a level or two hotter. I have noticed a big difference between lunch and dinner (with the latter being better) and my only disappointment is in myself: I need to eat here more often.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,3/8/2013,5,99,2,3,2>Aside from the dinner menu, brunch at Cafe Do is also a must.  When the weather is nice you can ask to sit outside, gotta love that Midtown area. Their menu is always changing / rearranging slightly, but they have a little bit of everything: eggs & quiches, rice dishes, salads, sandwiches.  I always stick with the carnaval hangover.  It's scrambled eggs mixed with veggies and what not, served with homemade refried beans, crispy potatoes, and my favorite is the salsa verde - typically I'll have to ask for another side or two of this stuff.  Best to scoop it all up and roll it in a tortilla.  You don't actually need to be hungover to enjoy it, although it certainly wouldn't hurt.  I love their fresh coffee, and I believe they do pretty decent drink specials during brunch hours: 2 or 3 dollar mimosas or something of that sort. So, you can actually work on your next hangover while you're still getting over the last.  Brilliant.Overall Grade: A-
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,3/7/2013,40,58,5,5,4>I had seen this place off the road going down McArthur and decided to check it out, I've been to many Mediterranean restaurants in the area and have my main ones I go to... but I wanted to give this one a shot and see what it was like. The building looks like it might have been a old Taco Bell restaurant at one point and I am certain if it's not a Taco Bell building it definently was some other fast food building.Inside I thought it was interesting the lay out of it, the place is labeled a grill and hookah lounge area, so what they did was split the area, 1 side for smoking and 1 side for eating, I chose not to try the hookah this time but I was impressed with the selection of hookah's as well as the flavoring they had (it was ample), also... I went on a cold day... one thing I did notice since the building was so small when someone opened the door you immediately felt the cold air, I also was under the impression that the smoking area was going to feel cold as it looks like it was on the outer part of the restaurant but it is covered area, but I felt the heat coming from heater they had in the area and although I didn't go in it felt very warm in there!I ordered the huftka kabob, which is basically just beef kabobs, you got your choice of sides to come with your meal...so I chose hummus and rice, the meal came with pita bread to use with the hummus...although I wish i had a little more because there was a little more hummus than there was bread, the rice was okay, had some kind of green flavoring to it which was nice... the meat was pretty good... definently better than some other Mediterranean places i've been to but honestly not as good as some other places i've been to as well, so it's in the middle. Somethings that could have improved the experience from the dinning side of things would have been a slice of tomatoe to mix with the rice...as well as saffron to season it withOverall... was a nice small-quiet place to eat at, also they have a nice little water fountain outside, so definently this place I will go back to when the weather warms up and have some food and smoke out!
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,3/6/2013,210,90,,5,2>i'm not sure what i did before taco rico. there is really nothing more wonderful than a drive-thru at a local establishment. it's perfect for a lunch run, and the ingredients used are super fresh and tasty.the service is excellent and the restaurant stays clean. the inside is exactly what you'd expect from a fast-food tex-mex joint. nothing fancy here, but honestly good food at very low prices.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,3/5/2013,89,245,,10,2>Looks like a place in a clean, new Edmond-ite retail center, but inside, it is simple, lovely with a GORGEOUS view of a pond/little lake. There's water in Moore? It is really really beautiful. The menu is filled with all you might want in a mediterranean cafe, and the food is incredibly delicious, unique, and intricate. I can for sure see myself eating here once a week. I sort of hate living on the southside because there aren't many restaurants that I know of that are healthy and of a good quality. But this will be my go-to place when friends want to eat in this region.  Good, as you'd expect, for vegetarians.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,3/4/2013,52,137,,4,3>I've reviewed Republic before, but I gotta throw them another bone. This place is by far my favorite spot in OKC. Had the Turkey Burger w/ green beans, the onion bacon dip as an app and the donuts for dessert. I've had all three in the past and needless to say they didn't disappoint this time. The turkey burger comes with guacamole which really adds a lot of flavor to a lean turkey burger. I have yet to have a better donut hole in town.The service has always been really good and consistently keeps my glass full. One thing that drives me crazy about other restaurants is when they stop filling your drinks after you've paid. Our server did not forget about us so kudos to him. Sadly, I usually go here for lunch while working and I don't get to have a delicious cold beer.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,3/3/2013,34,225,2,3,5>I'm going to keep this 5 star train chuggin'.I'd like to say that I am a lady in training. I've never been the type to get my hair and nails done until recently. It makes me nervous that all these pretty ladies might know that I'm an outsider! Haha. So this is coming from an outside perspective to any ladies who are like me and a little timid about getting prettied up.I made an appointment with Mary (I'm not sure if it's spelled the usual way) for today, Friday, 6:30pm. They close at 7, so I was worried about being rushed out, but that's the furthest from the case. I immeditely felt welcomed when I walked in. Christi and Mary were the two still there and Christi was doing someone's hair but took the time to greet me. I showed Mary a reference picture on my iPad for the sort of hair style I was looking for, and without hesitation, she nodded and looked it over, making sure to keep it in view when she started my hair.We didn't start right off. She found we had something in common by having iPads (mine is mostly for school, but it has its uses) and she began to talk about an app she really liked and showed me some things on it. She didn't HAVE to take the time to do that, especially so close to close! So she made that personal connection with her client, and I felt comfortable the rest of the night. We talked nearly the whole time she was washing and then cutting and styling my hair, and she never got distracted from what she was doing.At the end of the day, I LOVE my hair. It was just a waist length long mess before, and Mary made it something super cute! Like I said before, I'm awful at being a girl but she was incredibly helpful with informing of products that would help me style my hair. I bought a styling paste from her for $24, and the case is hand size, but the substance is dense and has plenty for maaaany uses. Worth it, imo!When we were on the phone there was a miscommunication about what I wanted for my appointment, and I wasn't put down for a color. That didn't really bother me, though. I don't need dye to live. She was very apologetic about it and we rescheduled that for this next Friday when I am also going to buy this powdery stuff that adds volume or some such. I really liked it.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,9/18/2014,47,154,3,6,5>The Missus and I were invited by Joe C. and his lady for some dinner and drinks. I had been wanting to go for a long time, so why not go with some cool cats. And now for my thoughts on Ludivine.First, it's just a really nice looking place. It's not over the top fancy, but it's clean with a great presentation. We all decided to sit at the bar, which is quite neat, as you get to watch the cooks work their magic. By the way, the cooks at Ludivine actually care about what they cook. I observed each of them whilst they were cooking and they were extremely detail-oriented. They were also very friendly and valued our opinions on their food. The service was also top notch. Our waiter was extremely friendly, attentive, and just an overall swell fella.As for the food...just wow. My review might be a little slanted because I watched them cook it with such compassion that I knew I would love it...but, I doubt it highly. I had the braised brisket with mash and greens. I had never had brisket that wasn't smoked (I'm from Oklahoma...we smoke our brisket.) and I was completely blown away with the taste. It was juicy and tender...so tender that I could cut it with a butter knife. The mash and greens were excellent compliments to the brisket.I also had bites of rabbit, anchovy, and duck liver...and they all tasted surprisingly good. I'm not a fan of any of those foods...however, they were prepared so well that I had trouble saying anything negative about them. Well done, Ludivine.Finally, Ludivine has some very interesting cocktails. I had a sip of my lady's drink, the Blourbon, and was impressed with its clean taste. They also offer a nice beer selection and something I'm probably going to try next time I visit...the Bone Marrow shot, which consist of drinking a shot of vodka throw the marrow channel of an animal bone. Very interesting, indeed.Ludivine has THE BEST food that I have ever eaten in the Oh Kay See. I will definitely make a return trip!
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,9/17/2014,14,35,3,5,5>OMG, this place is delicious!! My husband just happened to be in the area and stopped in for a boba tea. The waitress gave him a coupon for kimchi fries. I was ecstatic that there are kimchi fries in okc! The decor is modern and simple. There were no other patrons at the time we went. Bathroom was very clean! We had the kimchi fries and the Asian fajitas. First, the kimchi fries are amazing! The fries were the perfect amount of crispness! The topping of kimchi, bulgogi, and other spices/sauces were perfect! Next, the Asian fajitas were 2 bulgogi tacos. They were also just as delicious and came with a heaping side of homemade chips which were very good as well.  The tacos were stuffed full with meat and toppings. Will definitely drip over your fingers! Finally, we had a green tea boba and it was large and satisfying.  Mariella, our waitress, was really nice and took great care of us! I can't wait to eat here again and try the monster burger!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,9/16/2014,38,43,1,7,2>Great Burger Joint in the heart of OKC!  We have been coming to Big Ed's for years and years.  I used to stay right across the street from the original store and the quality has not changed at all.  My main fix is usually the double meat and double cheese lunch special.  The burger is overwhelmingly big and I usually can't finish the whole thing in one sitting.  The fries are usually crisp and flavorful and pairs with the burger like a red wine with a nice steak.  I've known the owners and cook for years and years and the overall customer service has not declined one bit.  I highly recommend everyone to try this bodacious burger joint!  Trust me, you won't be disappointed!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,9/15/2014,83,76,1,4,3>I love this place for rice cake( bánh uot) and rice rolled cake (bánh cuon). They make it fresh. This is also a good place to order food for parties like fried rice, roasted pork (which I think I like the flavor and texture of the pork here the most among Asian restaurants in Okc), shrimp and pork salad, rice cake and rice roll cake, etc. Large trays are about $40. Small trays are about $20. So convenient! If I have some company over, I just call them and pick up. Done deal! One more thing I love about this place is yogurt and rice wine. Yes! Rice wine. They come with 2 types: black one and brown one. Personally, I like the black one because it is stronger and the texture of the rice is a little bit crunchier. So, if you want to get a little bit tipsy in the office, take a rice wine to go. Who knows it has wine? Eating there was actually a nice experience. It was like a return of time in Vietnam with nice and friendly service. Their hot tea was pretty good with real loose leaves, not the nasty tea bags. Quiet place!
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,9/14/2014,62,22,3,5,4>The place to get asian-inspired smoothies, with our without boba.But surprisingly enough, it's also a really great place to grab a quick meal.I used to live two blocks away from this place, and went there often. Since I moved it's not quite as often, and I miss it.I almost always get either a honeydew smoothie, or my all-time favorite avocado-coconut smoothie. I'm personally not a fan of the grass jelly boba, so I skip those. The drinks are always good either way.Their food is simple, but delicious, and comes out quickly. We often get fried tofu, with the sweet and sticky sauce. My husband loves the clay pot vegetables. And my daughter loves the sizzling plate udon. If you need a boba fix, or a quick lunch. Or maybe just a quiet place to sit with a good drink. Try this place, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,9/13/2014,214,465,1,8,7>Like many reviewers have mentioned, the portions are ginormous!! For $10, I got myself a huge plate of chicken pad Thai on my first visit. I couldn't believe how much food was on my plate. It could've easily fed three people. Not only do you get your money's worth, the food is also delicious. I tried my table mates' entrees and loved everything. You also get a free eggroll while you're waiting. The restaurant itself is clean and spacious. Our waiter was also the owner. He was quiet and very kind. This is my new go-to place in the Asian district!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2014,9/12/2014,39,59,3,5,4>This is a five star "as good as it gets!" Review in the context of the OKC area. I'm so flipping glad you clicked on this review because I would like to tell you about a place where the beer flows like wine. A place where the women instinctively flock like the salmon of Capistrano. A little place called.....Mamavecas. OK SO- this ain't just a tex mex place with the usual stuff. It has a strong Peruvian influence with more than a handful of authentic dishes. You can get an enchilada. Or you can get some real deal ceviche. Listen my dear buddy, this place is so legit, esp for Norman, OK. I don't know how I hadn't been encouraged to try it yet!Ambiance/service- way better than Tarahumaras. This place doesn't rush you in and out like cattle. We had the same waiter the entire time who actually cared about how we were doing. Quieter and less frenetic than Tara's. I think this is a much more pleasant dining experience. Decor is...very standard. Free salsa and queso cheese dip. Queso was pretty standard. Salsa was great, with a smoky flavor. Not too hot. In fact, not very hot at all, which is fine by me. Salsa is above average. My wife and mom were each pleased with their Tex Mex dishes. I tried a bite of the sour cream chicken enchiladas and they were above average. I had the picante camarones with yuca, a Peruvian dish. This. Was.  Awesome. I loved it. Pretty presentation, enough shrimp, cooked perfectly. The sauce was almost a cream sauce but not quite. I could have used a touch more heat in it; the heat was more a chili powder type heat than a habanero type heat. I'll dream of this dish and will be back again and again. Sorry Tarahumuara's, you've been fun, but I've met someone else. Someone I can see a real future with, and not just go through the paces with you because my friends think it's a good idea. Mamaveca's FTW!!!!
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,9/11/2014,0,4,1,2,3>This place is really good.  Moving here from the Northeast five years ago (where there are plenty of good Italian restaraunts to choose from) we were disappointed to find that there is not much in the form of good Italian cuisine here.  Some friends of ours recommend that we try Moni's, so we did.  All I can say is WOW!  We have now been here twice - the food is phenomenal with large portions that are very reasonably priced.  The service is always good.  The owner is very nice and takes the time to visit every table and introduce himself.  So glade that we found Moni's!
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2014,9/10/2014,93,195,1,2,3>Food: 4/5Service: 4/5Cleanliness: 2/5Decor & Style: 0/5I come here every once in awhile and I get the same thing, the Panang curry. It's good enough for me to keep coming back 2-3 times a year for the same dish. It's not a dish that makes me say "wow", but it's tasty and very affordable. Service is decently fast and it's easy to nab a seat without reservation.  It's not very clean, IMO, and the decor is darn, well, 'not pretty' is the nicest way to put it.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,9/9/2014,0,3,,6,3>Actually really enjoyed this! I was skeptical at first how challenging it would be and if it would be worth the money or not,  however I believe we all thoroughly enjoyed it.The room was well designed and the puzzle was very doable. We unfortunately did not solve it in time,  but that was mainly on minor user errors and following the wrong path. Staff were very welcoming and have a great sense of humor. Definitely plan on coming back for a different challenge!
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,2/19/2014,93,44,,4,3>Another solid OKC business. I would describe this store as the Whole Foods of pet stores. They carry only quality brands that are good for pets. You can go in with or without your pet and get a guide for what food you should get. You can ask for help or use a scoring guide sheet. Some stores carry products that are made in China and have been known to correlate to pet deaths and serious illnesses. Not this store. They only carry quality items and will not hesitate to pull something from the shelves if it is known to harm animals. The owners care about what is best for your pet. You will not get this same experience at the bigger chain stores. I foster dogs and go to this store to get treats and anything else I may need. They also host various adoption and social events.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,2/18/2014,50,22,2,5,3>Cupcakes & coffee. . .what a pairing!I've been to Cuppies a number or times and always felt it fell short to the high expectations set by many. I found something out last Sunday: I've been ordering the wrong items this entire time!Their lattes. .my lanta talk about the right amount of cream and sugar and chai to make my heart swoon. I also ordered the blackberry pie. It was aight. My friend had the salted caramel and. . .it was so good I almost licked the crumbs off of her plate. The atmosphere is quaint but it gets hella packed up in that joint. Kinda amusing, too, because during the freezing weather the windows fog up because of all the many people within the tiny, creaky, old school house. Everytime I see the windows fogged up, I think of Cho Chang and Harry Potter's Hogsmeade date on VDay in the series. Wonder if anyone will catch the reference :)Aside from that service was delightful; the dude taking orders was very helpful and genuinely seemed to enjoy his job. Beware, though, this place gets packed QUICK - it can be tough to find a seat without having to oddly keep an eye on a table who may/may not leave.All in all, solid 4/5. :)
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,2/17/2014,62,18,,7,2>A helpful note to first-timers: This place is on the Northwest corner of the intersection in the go-kart place parking lot. I had to buzz the intersection a few times before I spotted it. But it was totally worth it. I had a much better Americano than I've had in a long time. Dude was super nice, and everything on the menu looks great. I'll definitely be back. Support this place so they can get a bigger sign!
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,2/16/2014,151,161,4,8,8>There's nothing better than a craft brew made by a few guys that love what they do.The beer isn't the only allure; you should go for their informative tour! Make sure you have plenty of time, for the place is hard to find.Look for their number on the door just south of the storage unit amid the offices galore.The beers are delicious with hops that are vicious.With shirts and glasses for sale you'll have all you need to enjoy a good ale.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,2/15/2014,26,51,,7,5>This place was great!From the moment that I walked in the staff was very friendly, and accommodating. Before they took over this suite, Taste of Egypt occupied this area. It's clear that Istanbul put a LOT of work into fixing this place up. Before it looked like a crap hole pizzeria. Now it's decorated in warm colors, nice fixtures, and all that jazz. Now, to the service! Shawn was great. He was our only server, with a table of 20 people or so, and he never missed a beat. The owner/manager spoke to a few of us as well. Great people. My friend and I decided to go with the Mixed Grill Entree. It was for 2 people, and was 26.99. The lamb shish really stood out. It was cooked/seasoned perfectly. I tried the appetizer sampler as well. I dont have a very trained tongue when it comes to hummus, but it was pretty good. This is a 1st date quality place, the prices were pretty fair, the service was impeccable. It's pretty hidden away in, but you won't regret it. Best mediterranean place in town. And I'm pretty sure it's the only Turkish restaurant in town. I'll be back again.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2013,2/14/2014,33,58,,6,4>Interesting place!  I had never been in the old Kamp's building before.  My husband & I went for lunch on a cool, damp, drizzly Saturday.  Fortunately we got there before other diners because we got the best table in the house - right up against a bar with a cash register  & the only tabletop gas "fireplace".  It was perfect to have the heat source on such a chilly day!As other reviews have stated, it is dark inside.  It looks old & still has the old tiled ceiling & Kamp's tile up on a wall.  Part of the building is @1310Lounge - a club with music weekend nights.  The entire place was decorated for Halloween when we were there.  I needed to use the restroom.  It is an interesting experience getting there!  While the decorations are up, walk to the back, go right until you run into the big spider then go left and keep following the lights until you find the restroom.If you are looking for a new or fancy restaurant, this is not the place for you.We had eaten at Inca Trails on May Ave several times in the past.  I liked it more than my husband.  I was happy to see the modified menu being used at La Brassa & thought we both might enjoy it more - I was right.  The pollo a la brasa is wonderful, moist roasted chicken that you can get in various sizes with various numbers of sides.  I got just the right amount for me by ordering the 1/4 chicken that comes with 1 side.  They have several side choices including fries & cilantro rice but when my waiter mentioned plantains, he made my day.  I love plantains!  The chicken is served with 2 sauces, a green cilantro sauce & a yellow aji amarillo sauce.  Try the yellow sauce with your chicken - very good.My husband got the pescado (fish) sandwich with fries.  The fish was a panko coated tilapia.  He enjoyed it very much.  When he started getting full, he stopped eating the bun so he could finish the fish.  When he asked the waiter for some ketchup for his fries, the waiter told him they had Sriacha ketchup.  My husband wasn't sure what that was but was willing to give it a try.  I explained it to him but also said depending how much Sricha they used  would determine whether it was too hot.  I did try some of his fries with the ketchup - it did have some heat but was good.We enjoyed our food and the service was good.  The prices were reasonable - out choices cost $8 & $10.   To top things off, we got a 10%  discount with our KeepItLocal card.  Next time I want to get some of their arroz chaufa - fried rice.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,2/13/2014,5,99,3,8,6>I've been back quite a few times since my original review, so here is a much needed update - mmmm good, 9/10 would eat again. My go-to's are the applewood bacon & the roasted garlic cauliflower mash. The waffle itself is always delicious, and both of these come packed with filling - light, fluffy eggs with aged cheddar and... oh, applewood bacon, or smoked almonds, creme fraiche and... oh, roasted garlic cauliflower mash. Armed with one of those and a cup of coffee, you really can't go wrong.Overall Grade: A-
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,2/12/2014,47,154,,6,4>One of my favorite bars around, fo sho! I've shown my face in The Other Room for 5 years now, and each time I'm reminded why I enjoy having some drinks here. Just a quick adult beverage overview...They don't have PBR, but they have Hamm's! And I love Hamm's! They also have all of your standard liquors and a small selection of beer. But, the small beer selection doesn't bother me, because I'm not coming to TOR to drink some Roughtail IPA...I'm coming to enjoy the activity of weekend drinking.The atmosphere of TOR is second to none. The crowd is laidback and everyone seems to be in the best of spirits. There are a coupla TV's in the place, but it's obvious that the focus of TOR is maximizing social interaction and not TV watching. It's just a wonderful experience, honestly.TOR in the summertime is fantastic, as well. They have a secluded patio where you can enjoy some good drinks and great conversation. If you're looking for a place to have a good time, this is definitely worth a visit.*The only real negative about this place, which doesn't really bother me, is their "one in, one out" policy. When it's busy, they will only allow one person in for every person that is leaving. If you come with some friends on a weekend night, this could be an issue.*
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,2/11/2014,83,76,,11,8>This place completely charms me and successfully seduces me with its coolness. The bartenders know exactly what they are doing. They are creative, talented and passionate with the drinks. I love sitting at the bar and watching them just like watching some artists drawing. This place is THE ONE AND ONLY precious gem for drinks. They make perfect old fashioned. My husband and I love it so much. We did try to make old fashioned as the groom's signature drink during our wedding but it was not as good as WSKY's. You can order anything on the menu and they all taste good because each drink does have a distinctive taste and is made with delicate bartending skills. If you want to boost your experience, go get some cigars. I have to admit that because of WSKY lounge, I am introduced to whiskey and cigars. I might convert my religion from red wine to whiskey....JK! Gosh! Why do I have to review this place on a Sunday night? Writing about this place makes me want to be there right now.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,2/10/2014,39,43,9,7,5>As usual my multi-hour naps have pushed Sunday dinner back to an inconveniently late hour. Inconvenient in that OKC is a ghost town on Sundays after 8pm. But, lo what light through yonder window breaks? It is a score of lightbulbs spelling Empire. It is a beacon of hope, a vanguard of good food and hot beats, a sanctuary for Sunday drinkers and lovers of local.The drinks are excellent; the service, from top to bottom, was impeccable; the building was cozy without being claustrophobic.The pizza was sick. The lightest, most delectable ricotta paired with house made Italian sausage on a lovely crust sauced to perfection. Oh my.I'm beyond sated.I can't wait until next Sunday.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,10/31/2013,36,75,,2,1>This Victorian home, moved from Guthrie to it's current location on a country road in Edmond, is a hidden gem.  My husband had known about Twelve Oaks for awhile but we happened across and article recently and decided it was time to try it out.  It's off the beaten path, so it's not like you drive by and take a mental not to try it sometime.My father in law joined us and we headed out to see what Twelve Oaks is all about.  It was a cold, bleary evening, the wind was gusting and the rain was falling...but the house was so warm and welcoming and we were seated immediately.  As my father in law said...it was relaxing and comfortable.The wine list is pretty decent and we ordered a bottle of Merlot.  Hubby and I had the fillet and shrimp special...the steaks were fantastic!  The shrimp was so so compared to the steak.  Dad has the salmon and said it was quite good.  The loaded baked potato casserole was great!  Service is impeccable.  No empty water glasses, dishes are removed as you finish and anything you need is there in seconds of asking for it.  There was also a piano player that added to the ambiance.  We arrived at 6 PM and by the time we left at 7:30ish the place was packed!This is a great place for a private dinner party and they even have a private dining room for two...great for a romantic dinner for two or to propose!  HINT HINT GUYS!As I sat there the decor and comfort reminded me of a restaurant back East that used to serve forma tea during the Christmas season...I hope Twelve Oaks will consider starting such a tradition here.Worth the money and definitely a great location!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,10/30/2013,0,3,,2,2>My husband and I love Nunu's. I just can't say enough good about it! The hummus and tabouli are the best I've ever had and it's the only place I've ever had the delicious hashwa. The servings are so large that we usually share a kabob (the tenderloin is fantastic) or sampler plate at lunch time, sometimes adding a side serving of cabbage rolls or the yogurt with cucumber dish. On top of the food being so good it's an extremely friendly atmosphere.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,10/29/2013,5000,286,24,38,26>Cattleman's steak house is one of my fave steakhouses in the country. Rich in history & located in the famous stockyards of OKC. I just had the most epic steak dinner "date night" with my behbay I've had in a long time here :)'We got there on a Thursday night/date night which for us, is the ONLY night to go.  Miranda works on Thursdays and we always sit in her section.  We got there around 7:30 went up to the bar, didn't even wait long enough to have one drink b4 we were seated. Hubby wanted to try the lamb fries this time.  He asked Miranda, "how many come in a order?" She says "they come by ounce." and I add "yeah, bc some balls are bigger than others right?" LOL "RIGHT!" she says, lauging her head off, as the order went in & out the balls came! Hubby dug into those things as I watched in disbelief! After he ate almost the whole plate I sucked down my G&T and went "balls" in for the last one! Yes, they are tasty like really moist, fried, tender chicken morsels, but I couldn't help thinking about those beefy swingin balls flapping all over the place being cut off, flattened and fried up.  Sorry, I don't have enough "balls" to eat them balls! Lol I wanted to try the pepercorn steak, aka steak au poivre this time around as I always order the filet, hubby the presidential bone in rib eye.  OMG! Omygawd! OMG! I have clearly been ordering the wrong thing! I had to wrestle it away from hubby as he started dippin the tasty yeast dinner rolls that accompany the entrees,  in this rich, savory, peppery & warm, touch of cognac, dark chocolate colored liquid that glistened like moon beams on a lake & blanketed my steak, pooled around it like a silken, lush river of creaminess. It transformed me as I was bewitched by the frenchie au poivre chef gods of cattleman's, prepared in all it's loveliness, enchanting me with its aromas, it entranced me as I floated to the ceiling, out of body experience, hypnotizing me as the room fell silent, I felt a tingling sensation in my fingers as I realized it was from me slappin hubby's hands away from my petite succulent treasure! I wanted to Clutch it to my chest tightly, find a dark corner and in the most unladylike way secretly lick the entire plate clean :) The claws came out!  I think I actually growled at my hubby as he left me to my au poivre animalistic seduction.  The salads were so fresh if you would have thrown them up in the air they would have turned into sunshine ;) Miranda suggested the house made blue cheese dressing this time as we usually get the house special dressing.  Again, this was the way to go. Like magic it all disappeared into the dark abyss of our pie holes! Speaking of pie, Miranda came round and offered up a creamy, chocolate cream pie with fresh whipped cream, drizzled in dark chocolate.  It was a no-brainer as I was still in a au poivre trance like state.  Personally,  I never eat dessert, I don't like sweets period. I make them, hubby eats them, but I NEVER order dessert.  Hubby was shocked when he saw me nod yes to the chocolatey goodness that I imagined had to come from the same magical chef gods that had me mystified and entranced.  Sure enough the most perfect looking piece of chocolatey heaven was sat down before us. It was the creamiest, lightest, chocolatey, cloud like texture, with just a touch of sweet, atop a light flakey homemade crust.  We devoured it savagely & unapologetically, silently.  I thought the lights went out but I realized my eyes were just closed in bliss, savoring the lingering flavors of the whole epic dinner. We haven't stopped talking about it yet. I love you Miranda! I love you cattleman's! I can't wait to return.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,10/28/2013,8,85,4,5,6>Okay... First things first... You will probably have to wait because of the limited seating, and it will probably be in a line outside the door. (As a man that doesn't care for waiting or crowds, it will be totally worth it to endure the modest wait.)Next... Trust the cook when he asks what you want on your burger and just keep it simple.Burger with bacon? Yes!Cheese and everything? Yes!Jalapeños ? Yes!Curly fries? Yes!The burger was easily 1/2 a pound, juicy, fresh, and flavorful! You could be forgiven for ignoring anyone you may have brought with you while you enjoy this delicious burger.  The fries were above average and tasty, but seriously... you're there for the burger.Will happily wait in line to eat here again!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,10/27/2013,357,648,3,7,5>First, take these things into consideration:  The owners (Joe & Joanna) wholesale their seafood and sushi to markets and businesses throughout OKC. One of their biggest clients is a local hospital. The interior is underwhelming, but they are expanding and will take over the vacant space next door (I think?) Closed on weekends for now. They are learning English, so be patient while ordering and asking questions. Pointing at what you want on the menu or the picture menus helps.Thank you Sushi City! I finally earned my badge!!!This place has been on my radar because it's in a super random spot (tiny strip mall in between a bar and apartment complex) and there is no website or info online. Food adventure it is! In my head I was silently crossing my fingers in hopes that it would not be a failure.Food is a mood lifter and I was in dire need of a pick me up. The parking lot was surprisingly full. A lot of ladies were getting their mani & pedi's next door! We are awkwardly greeted because of what I mentioned above. Grab your own drinks in the cooler- canned soda or bottled water. Naturally, we ordered sushi and nigiri and waited patiently in anticipation. The rolls were garnished with fried onions and spicy mayo. I thought the rolls were tasty with just the right amount of each ingredient sans spicy mayo. It's not that it was too spicy, I just don't like the taste. The noodles. Oh, the noodles were majestic. They can't compare to what I've had in SF's Chinatown or in Monterey Park, but they were flavorful and G double O D good in my tum tum. Joe frequently apologized for all of the flies and explained that a little girl opened the door to peak inside and a bunch of the buggers swarmed in.Don't be scared to try this place based on looks alone. A group of 4 girls walked in and walked right out. They don't know what they missed...
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2013,10/26/2013,182,106,2,8,7>I declare this restaurant a success!La Brasa eclipses it's sister restaurant, Inca Trail. The food, the ambience, and the service is wonderful. Fellas and ladies, do yourself a favor, take your paramour to this establishment. You'll impress them.My experience at La Brasa was enjoyed with a large group of friends (translation I got to try a lot of different food!) I enjoyed theLomo Saltado. The meat was tender and was very flavorful. I thought the dish was a bit too salty but that's my only complaint. The roast chicken and the sea bass were the stars. The chicken was scrumptious and perfectly cooked. The sea bass was light and flaky. No fishy taste here folks. It tasted really fresh. The ceviche was a hit as well. The chicken salad in the avocado appetizer was a shrug for me. But, I'm no fan of mayo and I like my avocado unadulterated.Great experience! I will be back. One suggestion to management is to bring the lights up a tad. It's too hard to read the menus in nearly pitch black.Tip: head to the other side of the building for a dance party on Friday and Saturday nights.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,10/25/2013,443,449,17,13,7>There are certain things that I'm very particular about; kind of my persnickety old man needs. One of the persnickety things is how and where I get ma hurr did. I remember every barber I've ever been to since the age of 16 (before that I wasn't a persnickety old man). I also remember the feelings of sadness and panic that came when I had to switch to someone new.- Barber No. 1: Bethany, OK. $7.00 (+ tip). Status: Deceased.- Barber No. 2: Edmond, OK. $11.00 (+ tip). Status: Business closed.- Stylist No. 1: Oklahoma City, OK. $30.00 (+ tip). Status: Still there. Not remotely worth that price point though.- Barber No. 3: Hackensack, NJ. $12.00 (+ tip). Status: Still there. Therefore, not here.- Barber No. 4: Bethany, OK. $11.00 (+ tip) Status: Unknown. He was sick, and now his phone is disconnected, so I don't know what's happening with this one but I'm really sad about it.Because of the uncertain circumstances (and resulting unavailability) of Barber No. 4, I went without a haircut for nearly 4 months. But at some point, you stop being presentable no matter how you try to tame it. Even though I was very hesitant, Yelp helped me make the switch. My first question was, "Do you take credit cards?" The guy answering the phone said yes (enthusiastically). After that, everything else fell into place. I can't remember the name of the guy who cut my hair, but he did exactly what I wanted, and he did it well. There was another barber next to me whose age easily surpassed 70 years. Next to him was another barber whose beard, glasses, and tattoos said "Hi I'm Justin Vernon, listen to my quiet wailing" while his hair said, "Hi I'm Don Draper, listen to my sexy ad pitch." All of this (the old and young working side by side) left me quite impressed. And they all know what they're doing. And you can tell they know what they're doing because you only have to look at the haircuts of any of the barbers present. Clean, neat, wonderfully coiffed; it's a melding of the trendy with the traditional. Also, they use straight razors! The joy that fills my heart is just... There's a lot of joy. Speaking of, they have special straight razor shave prices available for a groom and his groomsmen; get yourself cleaned up in style before your big day, gentlemen.$14.00 + tip. Stop at Freddy's after (in the same parking lot), get some custard, and revel in the immaculate mane that will have nearby attractive women checking you out.[1][1]Disclaimer: This review does not guarantee that nearby attractive women will check you out.THREE HUNDRED! *drops mic*
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,10/24/2013,104,71,5,4,3>Oh the Diner... They have salt shakers older than I am.  The Diner is so old the pink and black decor is now champagne and black.  The booths as well- either original or just badly need to be refinished- sitting down too quickly can be painful if you're in the middle.  After you eat here you'll want to change your clothes, and you may continue smelling the Diner until you wash said clothes too.  The walls are covered in tattered paper pictures, inexpensive digital prints of the late Mr. Amspacher's fishing exploits, unframed and hung with scotch tape.  Mr. Amspacher, or Mark, an accomplished restauranteur, owned the Diner until from the mid 90's until his passing a few years ago.  After his passing, combined with the departure of the fabled short-order cook, Juan, the food quality took a serious nose dive.  There was a period where I was constantly sending my food back- eggs too runny, eggs brown and burnt, hash browns still frozen... I'm sure cooking on that griddle is not easy but this was like watching Ron try to use Hermione's wand.Luckily, that period is over, and the current staff has a handle on the fare that has made the Diner a Norman landmark.A note on wait times: If you can't get out of bed before 9 plan on waiting.  It isn't usually a long wait, but the tiny dining room, humanity's insistence to sit at a table before it is bussed and cleaned, and the building's southern exposure all make for an awkward waiting in line experience.A note on the menu: It makes me laugh that when I decide on breakfast I'm basically deciding on a breakfast burrito 1 of 4 different ways.  Burritoed.  Un-burritoed, or quesadillad. Naked (the Mexi-scram), or with beans and fried eggs instead of scrambled- Huevos Rancheroed.  All just different enough to make me feel like I always have to make a tough decision.  However, easy decision, get some green ranchero sauce- it is amazing, and vegetarian.A note on how much of a hard time I give the Diner:  I love the Diner, everyone does.  Their quirky staff, sturdy white coffee mugs, and coin-operated art machine are among my favorite things in town.  But seriously, you'll want to wash your clothes! :p
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,10/23/2013,239,335,2,5,5>My sister brought me here for lunch because she swears by their authentic Mediterranean food. We ordered the spicy hummus appetizer and it had just enough heat without being overpowering. Her entree was the falafal pita sandwich and I ordered the gyro plate. They ended up bringing me the wrong order, which I usually wouldn't be very happy with, but we were limited on time and I love all Mediterranean food so I didn't mind. They gave me a platter that included stuffed grape leaves, falafel, tabouli, hummus, babaganoush and pita. It was all really great! The pita was warm and fresh and the falafel was also super fresh and yummy. Good prices as well, they just gotta get back on the ball with making sure they bring out the correct orders because other people might not be so forgiving!
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2013,10/22/2013,111,61,4,8,5>Here's the secret, order chicken fried rice, the stuff that comes with your meal is some kind of flavorless fried rice junk. Now, the shrimp fried rice is a little bit of heaven.  From there, order the family style meals. They have a precompiled list of what you'll get per person per order. Understand, those are just suggestions. You can get whatever entrees you'd like.  For the good 'ole American family members you'll order up some Hawaiian Chicken or Lemon Chicken. For the more adventurous, get the Hong Sui Chicken or the Chow Mein. You can't get anything too authentic as this is one of those Del City joints that caters to chunky Americans. Amen.I'd be remiss in not telling you to order as many egg rolls as you could possibly stuff into your gullet. They are worth it. Many times we'll just swing by and get some of that great fried rice I was telling you about and a box full of egg rolls.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,4/12/2013,59,44,,7,3>I was really excited to try Volcano and it did not disappoint! One of the most notable things about this restaurant is the friendly staff. We walked in 30 minutes prior to when they close and they were still happy to see us. They even brought us a complimentary cucumber salad which was fresh, tangy and delicious. We ordered tempura vegetables, seaweed salad, the OKC roll and the Earthquake roll. The food was so good. I usually order seaweed salad if I see it on a menu but Volcano's is definitely the best one I've ever had. We left feeling very satisfied. I love going to GoGo Sushi in Moore, which is nearby, but Volcano offers a more relaxed environment with table service. It's also more private and comfortable inside the restaurant. This would be a great date night option. I can't wait to go back and try the hibachi.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,4/11/2013,316,58,,5,2>Dot Wo on N Portland has been an Oklahoma City institution for many years so I was happy when they moved out of what could be called an increasingly seedy place to take over an old Golden Corral location at NW 61st and May. Okay, so it is close to my house and of course I like my favorite resturants close by but they have been needing to move for a long time. FYI, the Dot Wo in Edmond is under separate ownership.First the decor which is clean and modern. Second they did not try to jam things in closely so not only when you come in but also when you sit at your table it is like every space is a private dining room. You may not like this if your preference is to overhear juicy conversation but for me I love it. The Food is just the way it was on Portland only better. The menu now includes Sushi so even more variety is here. I have dined in once and carried out twice, and more on carry out later. The clay pot dishes are still wonderful, the hot and sour soup is the best in town for its balance and lack of heavy corn starch. The vegatable plates like the green beans and the egg plant are savory as always, and I give the sushi high ratings for freshness and not using too much salt, so please take note Whole Foods about the salt which you seem to excel at.Carry out is terrific. I love the fact that you order and pay online, and when they say 20 minutes it is not a carry out cliche. You walk in, state your name, and they hand you the food. if you want to tip online you can but it is not required and the prices are the same.Bring you own wine becasue they do not have their liquor license in place yet. I like this feature a lot because of the obvious, no Baptist tax that take wine into another pricing realm. I don't know when the liquor licnse will be in place and they have a very nice bar set up ready for it so it is coming so dine in now.If you want a modern and casual dining experience, the best Chinese food in OKC in my opinion, and a place unlike Saii where you can't hear yourself think, then go to Dot Wo. If you want carry out with no muss, no fuss, and easy to order try that also. May Avenue dining on the northside just go a whole lot better.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,4/10/2013,34,5,1,5,2>Pretty nice place. First time I've ever been down here and I'm impressed. The whole boathouse district is pretty nice, with the finish line tower, nighttime stadium lights, the two boathouses and the river cruises. Literally a world-class rowing venue. Be proud, OKC!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,4/9/2013,151,161,,3,4>The place is a little small and the ambiance is of that in a Thai place in the city - not one of those posh ones. All of the staff is quirky, detailed, and enthusiastic, though we did need to ask for some more water a couple of times. Both the appetizer -fried cheese- and our curries took a little while, but I truly believe it is because it is made fresh - the taste and how hot it was was astounding!Perfectly spiced! A heat level of two is really a two - and a three a three! I can't tell you how many times I ask for a two and I can't taste any spice or it's so spicy that I have to ask for a ton more rice. Can't pick a favorite between the musaman and the green curries. The amount of food in their portions was amazing! I take half of my curry home every time!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,4/8/2013,139,130,,6,2>I'm not sure I have sufficient words to express how happy I am to have this café here.  I work on campus and while the cafeteria is decent, it gets really old very quickly.  Enter Kamp's with its full menu including breakfast, lunch, pastries, and everything in between.  They even honor the 10% Keep it Local discount just as at the other location, which I really appreciate.   I have been pleased to see that what is different at this location is that service is a little speedier, which is crucial in a patient care environment.  They have also been really good about listening to and following through on any special requests, which is also really important here, when someone may be asking for something to be left off for reasons of dietary restrictions and not just pickiness.  I have eaten here numerous times already and have thoroughly enjoyed almost everything I have had.  I say almost because the grilled cheese and tomato soup I had one time missed the mark a little because I found 90% of the cheese wrapper in my sandwich--likely a new restaurant quality control glitch.  I love the Spring Chicken and have had it in wrap and salad form and both are light and the dressing is delicious.  A cookie and a latte make for the perfect midday pickup, and the cupcakes are a perfect 'thank you' for a coworker, boss, or friend when you don't have the time to get off campus.  What I think I love the most though is seeing patients, providers, and administrative employees all coming together in a relaxed and cool atmosphere.  I have friends that had a family member undergoing extensive treatment in the Children's hospital, and they commented on how much they would've loved having this as an option during their time here rather than having to rely on the cafeteria or leaving to go pick up food constantly.  I hope Kamp's inspires other quality local restaurants to join us here at OU Health Sciences Center!
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,4/7/2013,123,113,2,7,3>I tend to stick to a fairly strict diet during the week (a modified Paleo diet, if you're curious, like what you'll find in Tim Ferris' book The Four-Hour Body), so one day a week I go crazy. Sometimes in moderation, sometimes full out binge insanity. Regardless, my free day often includes donuts. Dunkin' Donuts on NW 36th and May used to be my go-to place, but they often serve stale product and never seem to keep the things I like in stock. 7-11 donuts are consistently bad. Brown's is okay, but the counter staff makes me regret it every time I go in (honestly, do you realize that customers are actually what keeps you in business? You must be brutally overworked and underpaid, or you're simply miserable people).I have now found my new donut place. AM Donuts is just across NW 28th Street from Rococo on N. Penn. It's an old strip mall with nothing to write home about in terms of decor, but it's clean and bright inside. You're not here to hang around all day, though. You're here for donuts, and AM Donuts delivers in a big way. Their products are amazingly fresh. The icings are sweet, but not cloying. The raised donuts are airy and topped with just enough icing/toppings to contribute flavor without making a mess. The cake donuts (which I usually shun as greasy dense hockey pucks) are where the freshness really comes across. They really taste like little circles of fresh, moist delightful cake. I'm so happy to discover this place. The neighborhoods like Shepherd, Putnam Heights, Crown Heights, Military Park, etc. needed a good donut shop. Now we've got one, so step up and support!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,4/6/2013,93,112,9,8,9>Like an embryonic enclave in the Flaming Lips' Womb Gallery, Dwelling Spaces is a diminutive paen to all things Oklahoma and the Flaming Lips.  There sure are some heady nuggs in this place, and no I'm not talking about the Flaming Lips LP of the same name - although of course that is available too.   Oklahoma themed art, great t-shirts repping the 405 and squatch sightings along with every kind of Flaming Lips merchandise known to mankind line the walls of this miniscule market. It reminds me of my first apartment in Manhattan, but bigger! And with cooler stuff. And that's saying a lot as dare I say I have the cool junk gene! My last visit here was with a buddy on a mission - to procure one of the Flaming Lips anatomically correct chocolate hearts, signed by the band complete with an imbedded flash drive of fifteen songs of love!  If that doesn't say perfect Valentine's Day gift I don't know what does!  Well, much to our chagrin, there were only 13 left available to purchase and one Mr. Wayne Coyne had yet to drop off the signed set lists that go into the packaging.  Denied! At this point it was around noon.Well, we figured no big deal as Mr. Coyne would be along shortly as it seems that everywhere I go, there he is.  He is such a ubiquitous presence in the area that I always run into him when he's in town.  Of course, a rocker isn't known for his promptness so my friend and I were led astray on a spree of local debauchery while waiting that had us landing at The Mule, Saints, S&B, The Iguana, Cuppies & Joe (no homo) and Cookies (and then back again at Cookies later on in the night to meet up with a Cool Ass Rad Lady Yelper)  while we waited on the tardy Mr. Coyne.  Thankfully we had disciplined our bodies by taking lots of vitamins to get us through the long day when the sun beams ended and the star lights began.  It was a mystery how we made it through and quite a race for the prize. Oh my pregnant head at the end of the night... Finally, as we were driving back one last time to see if he had made it I saw the flash of his Prius backing out - score! Oh Wayne, how are you going to defeat those evil natured robots programmed to destroy us driving a Prius holding a white lap dog all over town?  Not too intimidating sir.  In any event, we showed up money in hand and ready to purchase only to be denied yet again. Not cool.  And I thought there was a virtue in being cool?  Apparently, they had to be inventoried before they could be sold... really?  Now, I understand that some woman runs this store and not Wayne Coyne, but I mean, there were 13 of them - and do they really care that much about an inventorying program in such a small space?  Give the people what they paid for, or rather were waiting to pay for. Oh well, it was just not to be had so my friend will just have to look elsewhere for that perfect Valentine's Day gift.  Even being sent away with nothing, this place scores a full five stars with me as I always seem to find something here that I can't live without.  This is truly an Oklahoma treasure.  Is it wrong to think it's love when it tries the way it does?  And Dwelling Spaces sure did try to sell us something but it was just not meant to be - this time.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,4/5/2013,44,33,,1,2>Red Prime is definitely on my list for top steak houses in OKC!  Steak is what they do, and they do it quite well.  The ambiance is a great change from your more traditional steak house, with a much more modern take on everything.  The service has always been impeccable, and I've never been let down whenever visiting this trendy treasure right here in the 405!  On this most recent visit, my wife and I were able to enjoy the Prix Fix menu for OKC's restaurant week 2013.  I'm glad that Red Prime participated because it gave us another reason to return to this fine dining establishment.  We both enjoyed RP's tomato salad for our starter and it was fantastic!  For my main course I enjoyed the 7 ounce filet, which was indeed 7 ounces of deliciousness!  My wife partook in the Salmon Mignon and was very happy with it as well.  For our dessert, we enjoyed both the chocolate spook cake and the pumpkin bread pudding.  The spoon cake was full of chocolaty decadence and the perfect proportion to end ones evening.  The bread pudding was nice and light, and my wife enjoyed it immensely.Once again, another great dine at this great restaurant that Oklahoma City is lucky to have!  I look forward to my next meal here, and I hope that you will enjoy this spot as much as we do.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,4/4/2013,34,278,,4,2>We have been to Hollie's in Moore a couple of times and I have really enjoyed it.  The Blue cheese burger is incredible.  Everything is fresh, clean , and surrounded by a relaxed atmosphere.  I love this place because you can be comfortable in easy going outfits or for a special date night.  Prices are very fair and range from $10-$35.  As I said before, I get the burger and spend about $10 and I never leave hungry!
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,4/3/2013,62,149,,3,1>Every time I come to OKC to visit my fiance, we make a stop at Hobby's Hoagies. They have AWESOME pizza...and this is coming from a girl who's lived in both New York City and Chicago. I have to tell you, I prefer their pizza to pizza from both places (which others may view as sacrilegious). Their pizza isn't too doughy either. We tend to go for a large pie, half pepperoni and onions, half bbq chicken and onions, and it's absolutely delicious.  I highly recommend this place!
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,1/20/2014,59,44,,7,4>Blackbird on campus corner is fabulous. Last time my mom was in town I decided to take her here. We shared the guacamole and also ordered the meatloaf glazed, with fried onions, mashed new potatoes and apple brussels sprouts. It was a perfectly portioned lunch for us. I don't love all meatloaf, but I love this one. The brussels sprouts will make you a believer. They are SO GOOD.  Everything I've ever had from Blackbird has been delicious. If you're a salmon lover like me, you must try the honey smoked salmon salad. Best salad in town. The pot roast is amazing too! You can find hearty or healthy good here, which is a bonus.The atmosphere is great. Very cool place for a date night, girls night out, or lunch spot. It's a whiskey bar, but I have to admit, I've never tried any of the whiskeys. I do like the house wine! You'll find a great drink selection here. This is a great place to take out of town guests.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,1/19/2014,30,250,3,5,4>Not a bad steakhouse. Saw it was rated one of the top 10 in the country and decided to check it out. My steak was cooked perfectly, the mashed potatoes taste pretty awesome, they had great drink prices ($5 margaritas when we were there), and the service we had was about the best we have had here in OKC. My drink order was incorrect, I didn't bother saying anything about it but after a few minutes the waiter realized it and brought me another free of charge (while keeping the first, I wasn't picky). Parking...One of the main downfalls of this place, it was a PITA to find a spot, even with the lot behind (people not knowing how to park and taking up 2 spaces).
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,1/18/2014,25,48,3,6,3>I love pizza. I love food trucks. Combine these two together and you have The Hall's Pizza Kitchen! This is one of those food trucks I see on facebook or twitter and I plan my day around finding a way to get to them. I've seen their truck on the road and I'll pull over and check twitface to see if they're heading someone or maybe just follow them around for awhile and pray to the pizza gods that they're about to setup shop somewhere.3.50 for a slice of pizza may seem a bit pricey but the size is HUGE and the flavor is worth every penny. Seriously, make an effort to visit these folks. You will not regret it one bit.Favorite pizzas are The Saturday Night and The Company. Both are meaty and delicious and make my mouth water just thinking of them right now. I'm happy the holidays are over so they will hopefully be back on the streets soon.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2013,1/17/2014,107,56,,4,3>Had a great birthday here. The customer service for our visit was truly great. Our waitress had a great personality and was on top of her stuff. We had red canyon, avocado roll, and miso soup to start. All were great. Then we had a variety of drinks my friend enjoyed the blue lava and I was really found of I think it's called hawana sake... It's in a small pink bottle. Super good. The waitress poured our bottles to our little cups for refills. For dinner we all had different dishes. Most of us eating a steak. It was the regular show you get at the Japanese steak house with fire, onion on fire, fancy juggling of shah and then tossing his tools around the table. All entertaining. I personally ordered the Kobe beef expecting a very tender steak but ill have to say the Kobe wasn't as flavored or tender as other Kobe I've enjoyed and actually id rate it about a 6 on 1-10. After our dinner the waitress helped us chose more drinks to try and brought us some birthday cake which was very luxurious and good :) and took a picture of us and printed for us to keep as memory. Very nice. I enjoyed my dinner experience overall and would come back. Highly recommend this place for birthdays.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,1/16/2014,62,45,2,2,1>I've actually only been here twice, I'm ashamed to admit, despite patronizing the attached Chinatown Supermarket fairly frequently.Generally, a restaurant with a GINORMOUS menu is a bad sign--jack of all trades, master of none--but despite hopping back and forth across this place's crazy big selection, I haven't had anything disappointing.The fried salted squid entree is top notch (so much so that I ordered it twice consecutively, even with so many other things I still want to try). The fried potstickers/gyoza/mandu/whatever you wanna call 'em were excellent. Generous serving size, too. The broken rice platters offer a good selection of unusual items mixed in with the familiar, in case you're feeling adventurous but not TOO adventurous.Bring a few people and go family style. Have your dinner with a fresh coconut, and walk out with a roast duck or pig head to go. Really. I haven't ever bought a roasted pig's head before, but seven dollars seems like a deal.The four stars are because I was impressed over and over by the food. The missing fifth star is for service. It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't friendly by any means, and I got the distinct feeling I was being rushed despite our waiters / waitresses making infrequent stops at our table.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,1/15/2014,35,58,1,6,3>So I've been to this bar a few times over the year & I must say this is my TOP fav bar to visit while in Bricktown. I will either start my night or end it at this spot. Went last night about 7:40pm and it was calm with a couple patrons upstairs and then the one man band came inside about 9:30ish when things started to perk up. The bartender was awesome for it to be just him upstairs and wasn't afraid of throwing comments back to patrons. This is a cozy 2 level bar where the action mostly happens upstairs. This isn't a dance bar/club, not your dry stale bar, not even your hipster bar (maybe a pinch). Let's say you can drink in peace with great live music, meet even better people & enjoy a decent priced drink. I recommend this spot hands down if you want great company with your drink.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,1/14/2014,139,130,,8,4>I have been with my stylist in Norman for over a decade so it was a big decision for me to branch out, but with a new baby, a trip to Norman is a much bigger time investment than it used to be.  I plan on seeing her whenever I can, but my hair told me it was time to find someone local.  I had worked with several lovely stylists from Revel Eight at different events, including the Yelper party in May and my sister's wedding in October.  Desperate to trim some time off of my daily routine (see above re: new baby) I called Revel Eight, asked for one of two stylists I had met and got an appointment with Rachel.  I absolutely love that Revel Eight is in midtown but has ample parking, and the style of the salon really fits into the midtown aesthetic: clean, modern, and cool; but not trying too hard or elitist.  When I arrived for my appointment, I was checked in and offered coffee or water by the lovely receptionist, got my hair washed by an equally lovely person, and worked with Rachel on my new do.  I love that it is a team effort, allowing stylists to fit in more appointments without rushing anyone. I showed Rachel the haircut I wanted and she took the time to really look at it in terms of my hair type and asked a few questions.  I cut off a considerable amount of hair but I was never apprehensive because I knew I was in capable hands.  In just over an hour, I had the haircut I wanted for not much more than what I had been paying with my other stylist.  I love that you can buy Unite products here without breaking the bank, and I also love that you swipe once for the product and once for the service* so that you know what to tip on just the service.  Overall, I couldn't be happier with my experience, the cut, and the feel of the salon and I can't wait to go back for my next trip! *When making an appointment, check with the receptionist that your chosen stylist takes plastic...my husband learned the hard way that some only take cash/checks!
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,1/13/2014,34,109,,6,2>My regular nail tech disappeared...I called each week only to hear she was still on "vacation". I don't think she is coming back at least not to my regular salon...I finally broke down, late on a Sunday and called Harmony Nails.They booked me in even though there was only 30 min to closing. They were busy and filled a pedicure chair up for me and about 5 min later, John, the brother of the owner (so I suspect he will not disappear on vacation) started my pedi and a bit later his wide started my manicure.I got a regular pedicure and that was really pretty plush. They did all the regular nail stuff but they also did a scrub and clay mask accompanied by hot towels. I am now allowing my feet to see the light of day. The massage - the #2 reason I get my nails done was very good.I got the deluxe manicure and for the additional $5 it was worth it - the lotion was very emollient and smelled wonderful. The shop is very clean, spacious and nicely decorated. The pedi chairs are excellent, new and super programmable. It is irksome when you get in the chair and all you can control is on and off and you end up with either a series of bruise rendering chops or nothing.An hour and a half later I emerged with very nicely done nails - it was awesome of them to stay late to take care of me.I will be back next week!
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,1/12/2014,302,447,2,3,2>Been here a couple times. Good food and large portions. Staff is very friendly and they have ample seating. Feels like you're eating at home with their service and atmosphere. Try the chicken kabob, it's so awesome. Never had any dessert there and not even sure if they have any but the amount of food you get it's probably a good thing I never had any lol. I would probably get food catered from here it's so tasty. They have gyros but they don't make them the same as what I've been use to so I passed on those but everything I've tried so far has been delicious. 4 solid stars for this place. Casual and comfortable dining experience.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,1/11/2014,36,75,2,4,2>We've been meaning to go to Cafe Icon for awhile and tonight we decided the time had finally arrived.  We were seated by the owner who took us through the menu and then left us to read through the menu and pick our poison.  It was not an easy task...there are quite a few interesting rolls and we had to read through them all to make sure could narrow it down to just a few.The first thing you will notice on the menu are the great pictures of some really good looking rolls.  The second thing you will notice is that the prices are a bit higher than some other sushi places in town...but the rolls are definitely bigger, so it all balances out. We tried the double crunch roll (Who knew coconut shrimp made such a tasty roll?), a spider roll (the best spider roll I've ever had in Oklahoma City), a Kaboom roll, a Sooner roll, and a California roll.  ALL were delicious...we didn't think we could eat it all once we saw the amount of sushi, but it was too good to not enjoy every last bite.They have flavored waters and hubby tried the strawberry kiwi and really enjoyed it.  We passed on the full bar since we're going out tomorrow night to celebrate our anniversary and didn't want to overindulge two nights in a row.  Also the reason why we passed on what looked to be some awesome desserts!  I am DEFINITELY trying a crepe next time...they looked yummy! :)The owner came by several times and thanked us for visiting...how often do you see that these days?  Be sure to sign up for their loyalty program too...you will be back!!!If you're looking for something different on the sushi menu, this is the place to go!  If you're not a big sushi fan and have friends and family who love it?  This is the place to go...while you can order food from the kitchen, they offer quite a few rolls that are cooked...including one with chicken and bacon!  Yeah, I'm taking my daughter here next time she's in town and she can have a roll and finally feel like she's eating sushi with us!
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,8/21/2013,36,75,1,2,1>I used to love Kabuki in Edmond but when they closed we had to find another go to hibachi grill.  While it's not super close by, Shogun is definitely my favorite Japanese Steakhouse/Hibachi grill in Oklahoma City.  We went last night and our chef, David, was absolute fantastic!  He was engaging, charming, entertaining and made sure our food was exactly as we requested.  We had the chicken and steak combo...which is what we normally get here. The food is good, the portions are larger (I had so much left over that lunch and dinner are covered today), and the staff is genuinely nice.  I can't quite tell what is in the soup...it has a flavor I can't quite capture...a little shot of sherry or something perhaps...but it is good.  The ginger dressing is tasty, but they usually are, the fried rice is yummy and the sauces are good...I prefer the spicy mustard sauce.  The only thing missing is the mayo sauce I used to get at Kabuki...no one in town has it and I loved that.  LOVED IT!For those that complained about having to wait, they can't control how long people will linger over a meal.  While they have a set time that they estimate a grill will turn over, if you get a group of strangers that click or  big party of people catching up they could stay longer...and they can't ask them to leave just because the next group is waiting.  If you're out for a nice night, go to the bar and enjoy a drink before dinner.  Relax and go with the flow...and when you get seated at the grill, enjoy the show, the food, and the potential good company of strangers.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,8/20/2013,47,207,3,3,3>I am shocked I have not written a review here because this is absolutely my fave bbq in the metro.  I am quite ashamed of myself for not having done this yet.There is NOTHING I do not like here.  I love all the meats, the sides, the four different kinds of bbq sauce, the desserts and the service.  One thing I really like is that they are consistent.  No matter when I come or what time of day, I know exactly how my food is going to taste.  There is a lot to be said for that.The owner is very kind as are the managers and wait staff.  Even the busboys are helpful.  I love the cute, quaint atmosphere.  I just love it all!  I can't say that enough!
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,8/19/2013,8,85,,2,1>We decided to go here because of the other Yelp reviews, and I was hoping to find another lunch spot close to work once the school year starts. We weren't disappointed!Had:-Hummus and pita bread-Chelo Kabob-Shish Kabob-Gyro sandwichWe arrived a few minutes after opening and were given great advice on the menu after telling the lady at the counter that we had never eaten here before. The appetizer of hummus and pita was delightful and was followed shortly with our meal. The kabobs were delicious and filling with a slight edge going to the wife's Chelo Kabob. It was perfectly seasoned with a descent portion. Our seven year-old loved the gyro sandwich and even said he liked it more than ourbusual gyro spot (sacrilege!).  Our meal was accompanied with bread and a cucumber/yogurt sauce that was tasty and went well with the kabobs and rice. I'm excited about finding another lunch spot close to work and look forward to coming back.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,8/18/2013,40,73,4,5,3>Pie is the new cupcake. You heard it here first, folks!I found myself wandering along my beloved 16th street last week, and decided it was the day to check out Pie Junkie! I'd sampled some of their goods at the Yelper Party, but wanted to get the true Pie Junkie experience! I walked in the door with the healthy mindset of just wanting to check it out, and not to buy a slice (and yes, you are allowed to criticize this horrible plan). I walked up to the counter and was immediately greeted by the warm staff. Since this was my first time there, I asked what the options were. You can buy either slices of pie, or a whole pie. They also have frozen chicken pot pies in mini pie and regular pie sizes. At this point, my 'don't buy a slice of pie' plan was going great. "Okay, thanks!" I said, "Just wanted to come in and check the store out." But before I could escape, my plan was destroyed. Because it was happy hour, and slices were $3.14. I could buy a slice a pie, for the amount of pi. It was just too cute and I couldn't resist. I got a Peanut Butter Chocolate slice to go and enjoyed it after dinner. It was magnificent. Very rich and flavorful. When I go back I want to try a different flavor, but its going to be hard to pick a slice other than this!So the pie was great, but what really made this a five star review was the service and friendliness of the workers! This shouldn't be breaking news, but customer service really makes or breaks businesses. Pie Junkie gets five stars for its uniqueness, tastiness, and niceness!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,8/17/2013,357,648,3,7,6>With 94 reviews, I figured this place had to be worth while. After my mediocre experience at Kang's, I decided to go on a quest for yum yum sushi Tuesday night. The parking lot was full so I was a bit worried that I would have to wait to be seated, but I found the sushi counter empty. I plopped myself down and was greeted by the sushi chefs. After a quick moment a waiter came by, handed me menus and asked if I'd like anything to drink. Right off the bat I ordered Takoyaki. Anthony Bourdain did a segment on 'No Reservations' featuring Takoyaki- fried balls (now get your mind out of the gutter man!) with pieces of octopus in the center. I haven't had them in years! For $3.95, I couldn't go wrong. The menu is somewhat mind blowing because of the amount of choices. I was super glad to see that the majority of sushi rolls did not contain cream cheese. Sorry, but cream cheese in sushi just doesn't fly with me. Don't feel like sushi, no problem! They have a variety of entrees: fried rice, noodles (i.e. yakisoba, udon), fish, beef, chicken... Even quail! After thinking it over, I decided on Sweet Shrimp Nigiri style and a Sunrise Roll. My Takoyaki came first and it was hot and tasty. I'm not sure what type of sauce they put on top, but it had the most perfect combination of tangy and savory notes that complimented the octopus well. The piece of octopus in the center was on the small side which disappointed me. The Sunrise had salmon, avocado and cucumbers. The cucumbers were thinly chopped. The size of the roll perfectly fit into my mouth with one gulp. Last, but not least- Sweet Shrimp! I lightly tugged the tail off and put just a touch of soy sauce on it. Thankfully, it did not taste fishy (not the rotten after taste, of course it will taste fishy bc it's seafood!) and it  left this creamy feeling in my mouth. It's so hard to describe! You can really taste the difference between a run of the mill piece of shrimp (ebi) sashimi verses sweet shrimp (amaebi) by its texture and taste. The heads come deep fried in a tempura batter. I admit, I don't really know how to eat them, so I kinda just gnawed on tentacles. *shrugs* Anyway, those suckers cost me $7.75 for 2 pieces. Well worth it friends. I'm anxiously waiting for an excuse to come back!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2013,8/16/2013,239,335,,6,3>As soon as I heard about Peloton, I knew it'd be a place I'd like. You can never go wrong with wine, right? As I approached the restaurant, it wasn't clear which door was the entrance but they only have bar seating inside anyway so we opted for the lovely patio. It was Saturday night and my boyfriend and I were the only people there at 7:30 which was discouraging at first... but we had great service! They have a nice selection of wines and their prices are reasonable as well. I really like their menu, modern and diverse. Many dishes are available as half portions too. We had the smoked salmon app, curried chicken sandwich and oven roasted chicken sandwich. All were amazing! They serve their food like The Mule on metal trays which I don't particularly care for but they do give you some sweet pickles and a cookie with your meal which was a nice surprise. I love that they grow their own herbs which are planted around the patio. This place would be great for a group and evening of wine on the patio.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,8/15/2013,443,449,15,9,12>A (Mostly Sort of) True Story:Jeff was hungry. Famished even. It was somewhat early for lunch (right before 11 a.m.) and a lot of the restaurants were still closed, but Jeff couldn't wait any longer. He had been up all night studying for an exam, and his intestines were writhing in pain from too much caffeine and too little sleep. He had to eat. He had to eat now. His impatience was palpable as he drove South on Broadway. Through the haze of hunger, there was a moment of clarity when he realized that City Bites was already open. Brakes slammed, tires squealed, an abrupt turn was made into the parking lot, and Jeff had to hold himself back from bolting into the restaurant[1].It didn't take him long to order. BlackJack Chicken on 'Everything Wheat' bread practically screamed at him from the menu, so he screamed it back[1]. He also ordered a pumpkin cookie for good measure. There was a sigh of relief that escaped his lips when Jeff realized that he was just moments away from quieting the beast growling in his innards. That's when He walked in.He was a rosy-cheeked man with a mustache and a baseball cap. He seemed to be heading for the path to diabetes[1] (assuming his feet weren't already squarely planted on it). He walked up to the counter, and Jeff glanced at him in passing, their eyes meeting ever so briefly. Jeff didn't realize at that moment that he was looking at the enemy. The opposition. The adversary. The villain... The man ordered the Baja Chicken Tacos without hesitation. He then told the attractive young woman at the counter his name. Joe. The name that will be seared into Jeff's brain for at least a week, maybe two weeks[1]. Joe sat down. Silence followed. More silence. Occasionally, the silence was broken by the bustle of the kitchen as they prepared the food. Then Jeff heard it. His name. "Jeff, your order is ready!" exclaimed the attractive woman. Jeff sprang to his feet and walked to the counter, but feelings of excitement quickly turned to confusion. His food wasn't on the counter. He looked around uncertain about what just happened. And then he saw his sandwich, his love, his BlackJack Chicken. It seemed to cry out to him as it entered the mouth of that villain. Joe! Jeff stood there with his mouth agape, a silent scream caught in his throat[1]. His ears pounded. Was this actually happening? "Did this obese, florid-faced man just pilfer my sandwich?" he thought incredulously. Then the attractive woman's voice was heard again as she said, "Joe, your order is ready!" Joe looked up, eyes wide, and mouth jammed with a sandwich that wasn't his. His face was red and sweaty with excitement, and maybe a touch of shame. He averted his eyes from Jeff's and kept eating, pretending he didn't hear his name. Jeff turned to the attractive woman and pointed out that the Baja Chicken Tacos weren't his. All of the employees looked on, stupefied as Joe continued to stuff himself in a fearful frenzy, disturbed by the notion that the purloined sandwich would be snatched from his grasp[1]. There was a sadness in her eyes when she realized the shameful event that had taken place, and the young woman apologized, and informed Jeff she would rectify this heinous action. Jeff sat back down. He felt tired. Defeated. Joe continued to avoid eye contact, abashed by his stupidity. "How could I have confused Jeff with Joe? Did my tiny brain forget that I ordered tacos and not a sandwich?" Joe interrogated himself. But it was too late. He had done the unforgivable and stolen another man's food. He would carry this moment with him as a badge of dishonor. His children would feel shame, but be unable to explain why. But they would know. They would have an indescribable awareness that their father was a terrible human being. The attractive young woman walked over to Jeff and placed a new BlackJack Chicken sandwich near him. With tears in her eyes[1], she apologized for her part in this terrible deed. Jeff was astounded that the young woman was apologizing for something that wasn't her fault. He wanted to ask her for her name, maybe reach out to her and let her know that her kindness would not be forgotten. But she was gone. Like a ghost. A shadow. A whisper[1].Okay, I'm bored, this story is taking too long. The sandwich was delicious. The cookie was delicious as well. ~$6.00 for the two. [1]Note: Exaggeration.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,8/14/2013,210,90,1,2,1>what a sweet, sweet shop! the owner is originally from NY, and she does are best to ensure every person who comes through the doors has a little something to "ohhh" and "ahhh" over.from hand-made soaps, to beautiful jewelry from top designers, to the same kind of ballet flats that were worn in "breakfast at tiffany's" to the best evening wear you can find in OKC.it can be a little pricey, sure. but let me tell you, her sale section does not play around.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,8/13/2013,5,32,,1,1>I was a big fan of Tropical Cafe, the predecessor to Cafe Icon, and waited patiently, with great anticipation for Cafe Icon to open. Well, it finally opened and I have visited the new spot numerous times. While I miss some of the casualness of the old place, I also like the new atmosphere. It's beautiful in a sterile, monochrome kind of way. I love the Hibachi Chicken and have also tried maybe six or seven of the Sushi offerings. All were very good. The new wait staff are very friendly and helpful. They haven't always gotten things right, but they have gone to great lengths to correct mistakes. If I were forced to say something negative, I'd say it's a bit pricey. It's not difficult to drop a $100 bill for dinner and drinks for two people. I'm a fan and will be back again, and again.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,8/12/2013,41,399,1,2,2>This is one of the nicest museums I've ever been to. Smithsonian quality! Everything is well arranged, well labeled and interesting. I like science and this is a science lesson at its best. It is a must-attend for every 6th grade student and a should-attend for every adult. I will assure you, you will know more about anatomy and animals than you did before you came to this fantastic museum. I am proud for the folks who put this together and I hope it is highly successful.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,2/20/2013,37,10,,4,1>This was the best Chinese food I've had that wasn't dim sum.  I dropped by because of pretty great reviews, but this went way beyond great reviews.  The place isn't much to look at from the outside - but blindfold anyone that actually judges that and force them to go inside. It is cute and clean inside and the staff is SO nice.  I love a waitress that will help me make a decision too and she definitely led me in the right direction.  We split the steamed pork dumplings to start and I had already proclaimed Szechuan Bistro as my favorite Chinese restaurant after that first bite.  however, it got better. our main meals were the sizzling platter with chicken, shrimp, and scallops, and the eggplant and combo clay pot.  The sizzling plate was the plate I'm always looking for: perfectly light sauce with lots of flavor on well prepared meat and veggies that are crisp.  The clay pot was full of flavor and was similarly well prepared.  To finish it all off - we ended with a half orange that was brought out to us.  Wonderful serendipitous food experience. If they start doing dim sum, i'm going to consider visiting North Oklahoma City weekly.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,2/19/2013,104,246,,6,2>If I could give this place 500 stars I would. The office where I work is moving to Edmond so today, while visiting the new office building, I decided to get on Yelp to find a place to eat lunch in the vicinity. That is when I found Blue Nile and my life is forever changed. I have had Ethiopian food once in Austin, TX but this place blows Aster's in ATX out of the water AND it was reasonably priced!The inside is warm and welcoming and our waitress was very helpful. We ordered the vegetarian sampler and the meten shuro wat, which also came with a fresh salad like I've never tasted before. The flat bread, known as injera, is like a spongy pancake with which you are supposed to use as your eating utensil. So basically you eat with your hands. Hell yes.Seriously, this review is ridiculous because words cannot describe how amazing this place is. The food is so unique and it is FRESH but made with love so it doesn't necessarily come out quickly. Patience is a virtue. Sad day, though: we were the only people in the restaurant and I don't understand why because it is amazing. Please do yourself a favor, even if you have to drive across the world to get to the restaurant, eat at Blue Nile. If you don't, you obviously have no soul.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,2/18/2013,60,285,2,3,3>Yelp it's my 100th Review!!!! Lets start of by saying if this place were open more it would easily get the 5th star. Unfortunate for me the last couple times I was in the area it was during non business hours. boo. Now to the up points of this review. These guys no how to make great pizza. I first ate here back in college when it was across the street. I loved this place but it disappeared for a while. One day I was talking to a friend about pizza and mentioned a place I used to love. He told me they reopened after across the street after a brief time of being closed. I could not wait to go see if it was the same pizza from my college days. Yes it was. This pizza is what pizza should be. Fresh hand made dough, top notch cheeses and meats. If you want run of the meal fast food pizza, well then I wouldn't come here. This pizza will ruin you for all other pizza in the area. Some might say it can be a bit greasy but that is comes with the territory when it come to how good this pizza taste. I absolutely love this place. Can't wait to go back soon.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,2/17/2013,214,465,3,5,3>This is a great place to hang out! I tried a couple of different pizzas and thought they were delicious. The prices were cheap and if you order by the slice, you get a huge portion! It was like the size of my head! Sodas have free refills and there were several beer options, tap and bottle. Employees were extremely nice and you could tell they care about their customers. The restaurant was very very small. Seating was limited and there was barely any room to move around. If you go outside through the patio, there is another room owned by Sauced where a live band performs. That room is also small but more tables are located there. Patio seating is available and there were heat lamps and a wood burning fire pit to help with the cold temperatures. My friends and I spent hours at this restaurant just drinking and eating. We ended up staying until 12:20am after closing time which was very nice of the owner to let us do so. There were board games available so we ended up playing Apples to Apples until we left.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,2/16/2013,62,45,3,5,3>I don't know how I went so long without visiting this place, especially after it came so highly recommended by everyone I knew in college. Now, I'm so sorry I didn't stop in sooner.The. Portions. Are. Ginormous. I tried the falafel with hummus and split a combo plate with another person, and I still walked out with enough gyro meat, fries and pita bread to comprise two more meals. Gyro meat is greasy, but this was the RIGHT kind of greasy. The salad was as Greek salad always is, light with a tart vinaigrette dressing. It's a bizarre little setup they have in there, and you won't fit if you have a large group, but the lady at the counter was super sweet and helpful.Loved it, and I'll go back soon.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,2/15/2013,100,68,,5,3>I finally got a chance to come here and was introduced with the Two Meat Combo with brisket and smoked turkey and a side of mac and cheese. Holy cow. The brisket was tender as could be and the smoked turkey was a thick slice of smokey goodness.  There was a perfect amount of mac and cheese, buttery and cheesy to the last bite. You have your choices of BBQ sauce, mild and hot. The mild has a sweetness to it, while the hot gives you a little peppery kick that even the most spice-sensitive can enjoy. Round that meal out with slices of toast and fountain drinks or tea and you will leave satisfied.There are plenty of places to sit, it's nice and clean and pictures of patrons past line the walls for you to enjoy. Prices are moderate but well worth it - you are definitely not overpaying here.I have been to some ma-and-pa, as well as some chain BBQ places since I have moved here and none have had the selection, quality and service of Ray's. Highly recommend for the greenest to the most finicky BBQ connoisseur.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,2/14/2013,20,12,,3,2>Ol Gyro has the best falafel I've had in OKC. They're pretty quick, the food is really high quality and the staff is friendly. This is the kind if place where they thank you for coming in and they really mean it. It is homey but clean and the staff is always glad to have guests. It's a great place!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,2/13/2013,27,106,3,6,4>I'm a smelly guy.  Errr...what I mean is, I enjoy scents and like a place that smells good.  That was the first thing I noticed about Full Circle Bookstore.  It has the comforting smell of old wood and fireplaces which has a very calming effect.  Between the smell, the rolling ladders, and the fireplaces I half expected John Houseman to appear from around a corner and ask me why I wasn't in class.  They also have just about every genre you could want.  They even have normally hard to find books on Buddhism by such favorites as Pema Chodron and Thich Nhat Hahn.  Also prominent were classic literature, Sci-Fi, mysteries, etc... just about anything I like - they have.  There is also complimentary coffee as well as a small coffee shop in one corner of the store.  I saw what appeared to be a group of society ladies drinking wine during their book club session.  Not sure if they serve it or if said ladies sneaked in a bottle of Thunderbird, but this is a wine-y atmosphere if there ever was one.  Sure, Amazon is cheap.  But as I get older, I find that service and the experience one has at a restaurant or retailer becomes more important.  What Full Circle offers can't be bought online.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,2/12/2013,23,134,,6,1>This place is similar to Cao Nguyen.  It isn't as big but it seems to have everything that I need here.  The best part about this place is that its close to where I live so I go here almost 100% of the time when I need my Asian ingredients.  The price here is fairly cheap.  They have too many things to list so do yourself a favor and check it out !
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2012,2/11/2013,103,131,2,4,2>Came here on a horrible rainy, stormy, crazy Saturday evening, to try and wait the storm out.Being it was cold out and pretty much a water fall from the sky it was a bit chilly inside since they had all their ceiling fans on.Sat for a few with drinks and talked until a pool table became available.FREE POOL, can't beat that!!A live band was setting up, but they never played, weird?Lately anytime I go out I'm wind up being the responsible one and driving, so I can never rate the drinks. :(All in all, a comfy cozy atmosphere with a small menu of bar food. I will definitely go back.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,7/20/2014,2,18,,3,2>I've been through the drive up twice for a quick lunch.  One time I got the low carb combo which was really good.  It was a greek salad with a side of the gyro meat.  So delicious!  The other time I got a gyro combo with fries.  The gyro itself was very good and had tons of meat.  The fries were piping hot, but tasted unseasoned and bland.  I tried adding salt to them, but they still lacked flavor.  Overall, this place is quick and reasonably priced.  I will definitely be back for the low carb combo again sometime soon.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,7/19/2014,6,11,,3,2>My fiance and I went around 5:30 on a Sunday evening.  We were unsure if we were supposed to seat ourselves since no one greeted us when we came in, so we went over to the bar.  The bartender said we could sit anywhere, but we decided to just sit at the bar.  Once we were there, service was great the rest of the time.  Beer selection is good, and I tried a cocktail called The Last Word, which was light and citrus-y.  For dinner, I had the Clover (their version of a black bean burger) and my fiance had the O'Patty Loaf Sandwich.  Both were delicious!  I'm not really that into bread so I have never heard of a "batard" before, but I liked that they used something more unique than just a bun for their sandwiches.  Prices are not too expensive and portion sizes are appropriate.  As I said, our service at the bar was good and we liked the relaxed atmosphere.  Overall, had a nice experience and will return in the future!
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,7/18/2014,9,11,,4,2>Umm... Fantastic!? Everything was so good, I was literally scraping pico and grilled veggies with the queso blanco off of my plate. The chimichangas are perfect in that they aren't overly done, the shredded chicken wasn't over flooding, and the grilled tomatoes and onions were scrumptious and still juicy. The fajitas were extremely flavorful, as well. And I cannot stop eating the queso... Still. Sangria swirls are awesome, too. This is our new go-to for Mexican cuisine. Great job Carolina and 3 Tequilas. We were/are impressed.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,7/17/2014,23,95,,4,2>This place is great. I've had it bookmarked for a while and finally tried it. I got the chicken bulgogi lunch special and oh my was it good! I'll definitely be going back for that. The owners were really nice. I ordered 2 apple fritters to go and they added half a dozen glazed donuts to my bag. They also brought me a complimentary glazed donut with my lunch. She said the sweet goes really well with the spicy lunch, and she's right, except I was too full to finish it. The donuts I took home were really good too. Apple fritters are my favorite, but their glazed donuts were surprisingly good. I usually am not a fan of them, but I liked theirs. They were the perfect texture, not too light, not too heavy, sweet but not too sweet. I would order them again.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,7/16/2014,35,49,,7,2>From cocktail to dessert -- and everything in between -- I thoroughly enjoyed myself at Paseo Grill.As I walked in the doors for the first time, my initial thought was that I just entered an old Roman brothel. Wispy curtains separated every table, cloaking each diner mysteriously. I double checked the sign on the door to make certain I was in the right place. This did not end up detracting from the ambiance, however, as I thought it would. Sure it seemed over the top, but it turned out to offer my party a great sense of privacy and intimacy. Next, the service here was simply incredible. I can not say it will be the same every time I return because I've only experienced one server, but he was the best waiter I have ever had. Present, knowledgeable, and charming when we needed him; and considerately absent when we did not.  He was able to communicate well about every cocktail, wine, and menu offering Paseo offers -- a dying skill in the food industry. The food itself was very good, too. Between the seven of us in my group, we experienced a good number of cocktails (all of which were excellent), the Alaskan crab, the scallops, their fillet, a couple bottles of wine, and a few different desserts. I was more than satisfied with everything.After dinner, my girlfriend and I stayed at the bar to talk and have one final drink. The bartender was extremely personable and friendly. He spent time talking with us about wine and our work, and was out of the way when the two of us wanted privacy. The staff here truly knows the art of service and distinguished subtlety.  This is a superb place for family dinners or dates. Their bar is wonderful stocked, too, if you're just looking for drinks.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,7/15/2014,41,7,3,5,3>Needless to say, with 81 check ins, I am long overdue with this review. As cliché as it is to call this place my Cheers, that's exactly what it is. Go in more than twice and the staff becomes invested in you. The regular patrons extend from old war heroes to old souls. Weekend evenings are obviously a younger crowd, but weekday crowds cover the spectrum. Literally, ANYONE can feel at home here...as long as you're okay with good people, cheap drinks, decent pours and the amount of cigarette smoke generally associated with an Oklahoma "hole in the wall". They have TVs, free pool on Mondays, free BINGO on Tuesdays, free trivia on Wednesdays and free smart @$$ responses when you have it coming. I highly recommend this superb establishment to both locals and wandering spirits. And, occasionally, when I forget lemon on fish night, they don't give me too much grief if I slip a wedge into my pocket.Five stars today. Five stars it will stay.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2014,7/14/2014,60,81,,4,2>I have seen, tasted and heard enough of Union Tacos while living in OKC (great job being a part of so many local events!), but we finally ventured to the brick & mortar restaurant in Guthrie. I was totally under the assumption that Union Tacos was similar to a taco shop like Big Truck - so I was totally surprised when it was a sit down style with a small menu. My husband and I came in around 2:30 pm knowing that the lunch rush would be over, but we still did not get the speediest service. There was a lot of waiting throughout the meal. But pluses: I really enjoyed the tacos. I wouldn't pin them to be Mexican, some of the flavors incorporated a sweet fruit. But the chicken tacos were a great spin on a Mexican taco. My expectations were a little high, but I know that UT is something Guthrie will benefit from for many years to come.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,7/13/2014,186,29,4,6,5>After driving by this little joint umpteen times, I decided to wander in on this beautiful chilly Tuesday morning.  I'm a bit of a traditionalist when it comes to my coffee.  It's either coffee, latte, or cappuccino...that's it.  I parked in the back...looked like it was gonna be a pain, but I scored an open spot! Upon entry, the guys behind the counter were easy going.  I'd mentioned it was my first time in and he graciously went over the menu for me.  We both can to the conclusion that my best bet would be to try the cappuccino. They too are more traditional in size...not monstrous as other places are doing these days!  It was absolutely delicious and the price was fair.  I noticed that half the menu was that of cupcakes....I did not get to try, but they sure were pretty in the display case!  While waiting for the cup of amazingness, I took a mini tour throughout this house turned coffee shop.  Very charming, with eclectic collection of antique furniture, artwork, and cozy sofa chairs in different nooks and crannies.  Definitely a great spot for a coffee date or some private time to read or study!  It is a small space, so there def is a high chance that someone with a really annoying voice might set up shop next to you and ruin it...haha...
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,7/12/2014,28,33,3,7,3>I visited Yucatan for a second time just after the Rock the Boat event and had a wonderful time.  I admit it is a little strange for me to not be seated and waited on, but once you realize the setup, it is no trouble.  We ordered the chips with salsa and queso, the fajita dinner, burrito and a beer bucket.  We found a nice quiet place to eat over by the bar and didn't have to wait too long before being served our chips and queso and salsa.  My husband had already raved to me about the queso and salsa so I was a little hesitant that it may not live up to the high expectations.  I enjoyed every bite of it.  The chips have a great seasoning on them, and the queso was good, but I truly enjoyed the fresh salsa.  My husband had the burrito so I can't really comment on the taste of that other than he finished every bite of it so I would say it was good. [Editing husband's note: I eat everything. Don't read too much into it.]  I had the fajita dinner.  When the fajita dinner first showed up at the table, I will admit I was thinking it would be larger, but after starting to dig in I realized just how filling everything was.  I think what made it so filling was the fact everything was fresh: No canned food here.  The fajita dinner came with a side of black beans with cotija cheese.  I admit I'm not really a fan of black beans, but the freshness and the cheese made a big difference.  The other side was Latin fried rice, which was also very good.  The fajita dinner came with a choice of meat (either chicken or beef) or a mix, grilled peppers and onions, three flour tortillas and a side of fresh guacamole, chihauhua cheese, pico de gallo and sour cream.  All of it was delicious!  The price may seem a little high for some people, but I think once you factor in how everything is made fresh and the overall quality of the food, you will happily pay the price like me.  The staff were all great and even though we didn't have a waiter, the girl who brought our food to us was so nice she even brought us water that we could have gotten up and grabbed ourselves had we remembered the drinks were self-serve.  I will definitely be back to Yucatan!
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,7/11/2014,100,68,,6,3>Whenever I am craving a quick burger, Johnnie's is one of my go-tos. For one, their charbroiled burgers rock. Even more importantly, their freshly cut and cooked french fries and potato chips rock. Their onion rings rock, too, but they are quite rich, so rock carefully.Because my family is boring, we pretty much stick with our favorites. Of course, their cheeseburger is delicious, my husband's favorite is the cheese Theta (cheese, pickles, Johnnie's sauce), and when I don't get all plain Jane with the cheeseburger, I love the Caesar (lettuce/salad mix drenched in Caesar dressing).A couple things to remember: their burgers are charbroiled, so if that's a problem, I think you're a problem, but you should probably just not go eat there. Also, their cheese is shredded, not in a square. That doesn't bother me, but it might account for the cheese complaints I have seen on here. In general, the food isn't that greasy to me, but it probably just depends on what you get, like the aforementioned onion rings.I'm usually swinging through the drive-thru, but I have been inside and from what I remember it was clean. The staff is always nice and I have never had an order messed up. Prices are standard for a slightly swankier, local fast food joint. So basically you get a solid red meat fix, a solid starch fix, and no hassle. See why I'm a fan?
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2011,4/30/2012,7,12,1,5,2>Absolutely love this place, my favorite Mexican place in OKC metro area, we live in Edmond and make the 45 min drive frequently we love it so much.The service here is exceptional and they have a wide array of choices from your more authentic dishes to Tex-Mex for those who will only eat that kind of "Mexican".
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2011,4/29/2012,1,45,,1,2>Paseo Grill is in the top 5 best places to eat in the metro! They have the best sea bass I've ever had in my life! The service is always top notch and the ambiance is fabulous! The booths are privet and quite. They have a pretty nice wine list and the servers are very knowlegeable on both their wine menu and food menu. I can't understand why anyone would give this a bad review. I love the Paseo Grill and will continue to go back again and again!!!
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,4/28/2012,443,449,6,7,6>I first heard (amazing things) about Banana Island a few years ago. I meant to go to this establishment sooner, but something always came up (usually, that something was my inborn laziness and a conveniently located Chick Fil-A near my house). My friend took me here one day against my wishes. At the time, I was on a hardcore diet/exercise plan that limited my carbohydrate intake. Going to any Asian restaurant and expecting to order off the menu while adding the caveat, "No delicious carbs please" is practically asking for failure on your part, and open ridicule from them. But I have a terrible friend who seems to enjoy watching me fail. However, I was determined not to fail, so I asked if it was possible to replace the side order of rice with some steamed veggies of their choosing. He initially seemed confused at the request, but then he apologized and told me that such a substitution was not possible. I shrugged my shoulders and was resigned to just leave the rice alone when it came. My mother would have yelled at me; something about poor kids in India, Africa, some country where rice is lacking. However, when the food arrived, there was no side order of rice to be seen. They must have felt bad for being unwilling to satisfy my earlier request, because while the rice was missing, the food on my plate was stacked significantly higher than on my friend's plate and we had both ordered the exact same dish. I thought that was rather generous and considerate of them[1]. Now on to the food: I got the Indian Chili Chicken. Extra spicy. It was incredibly filling, really delicious, they did not skimp on the meat, and they took my spicy request seriously, which makes me quite happy. The description does say that cinnamon is an element in the dish, and it is pretty evident; more so than the average Indian dish I've had over the last two decades (I'm Indian, I know), but this is Malaysian food after all. The gravy could have been thicker, but that's more personal preference, and it didn't really detract from the meal itself. The excellent service, and delicious meal left me with a warm feeling (or that could have been the searing heat in my throat). The prices are fairly reasonable (the dish I ordered was around $8.00 I believe). I will definitely be back. For some carbohydrates. Also, while I have not had the noodles at this fine establishment, I have seen them ordered as takeout by friends, and they look just like noodles that I've had at other places where they were mindblowingly delicious, so I'm sure they taste just as good here. Try this: Stir Fried Flat Noodle (Chow Kuch Teow). Actually, I would vouch for most anything on the menu because it all seems very similar to a place in Philadelphia, which I loved.[1]Disclaimer: Don't go in and say you don't want a side order of rice just to see if they'll give you more food. I can't promise it'll happen.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2009,4/26/2012,24,73,4,3,3>I have been going to this place for years, and it has never let me down in any way.  Apparently, they are famous for their chili.  I'll have to say -- it is really good.  I usually get the 1/2 beef. 1/2 sausage chili cheese burger.  The burger arrives with the chili poured right on top of it, so it is definitely one you eat with utensils.  The loaded fries are also fantastic.  A full order is more than enough for two people to split.This place will fill you up -- the funny thing about the location is that they are right next door to a weight loss place (in case you are feeling guilty afterwards).
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,4/25/2012,59,44,,3,2>This is where I take my miniature schnauzer when I have to go out of town. He plays all day with other dogs and then they board him in his own cabin with a cot and blanket at night. I really love being able to watch him on the webcams during the day. The staff is really great. You can tell they're dog lovers. You can bring your dog's own food and give them feeding specifications. When I have to leave my pup, I feel better knowing he is being taken care of at Camp Bow Wow.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,4/24/2012,37,5,,1,1>I typically have no desire to write a review if I don't believe I have anything valid to add to what has already been stated. That said, I am here to  confirm essentially everything from all the previous reviews. The variety at Cafe 7 is solid, everything tastes great, and the price is hard to beat. To date I've probably had 2 different salads, 3 different sub sandwiches, two different pasta dishes, and at least 2 different pizza options and my only complaint is that the value is so good it keeps me from exploring other options since I live so close. But that's a complaint I can live with.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,4/23/2012,12,34,3,5,3>The real mission was to get a lawn mower from Home Depot near S&B, get it home, and mow the lawn so I would no longer be 'that guy'. But then I thought it best to get a little dinner in me before hand.This visit I sat at the bar by myself and grabbed a beer. The beer menu is sizable. There is some local stuff and some fancy stuff but they also have a couple domestics as well. They also serve an awesome bloody mary that doubles as salad with all the olives, peppers, celery and pickles you can drink. Once I settled in I ordered a slider, The Fire. Ah but Monday night is full size burgers for only $5. Well butter my grits, upgrade me to the full size!The fried onions, green chili and sauce all combine for a spicy burger, hence its name. My special lady friend loves the Elvis, a combination of peanut butter bacon and something else. I know, she is weird like that. She is also partial to the friend cheese cubes. The best part (as a former Easterner) was that they serve Cincinnati chili. It is a combination of cinnamon, unsweetened chocolate and maybe cloves. No way to really describe it, so ask for a sample.There is patio seating which is nice for a couple months out of the year, Inside is loud and decorated in rock n roll art. The servers are always nice but the food does sometimes take a little while to come out when its busy. But sitting at the bar you can see that it is because the kitchen is pretty small. Expect a line for lunch on the weekend.I want to check out their new location near Iguanas sometime soon. I hear good things.I'll mow my lawn another day I guess
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2011,4/22/2012,0,16,,5,2>While it's not much to look at (and God forbid you have to change a diaper in the bathroom), the food is very surprising.Walk in knowing that the menu is a bit unorganized. You might be overwhelmed. They will custom make each dish as spicy as you like, but always go a little lower your first time; they can make it spicier but can't always dial it back. And you will find (if you are a repeat offender like we are) that the same "level" of spice actually varies from day to day... I think this is because everything is made from scratch.If your food is too spicy, order a Thai tea. The dairy in it will cut the burn.Our favorites are the Panang Curry and Chicken Pad Thai.If you have kids, this is a great restaurant to take them as it's never very full (so you don't have to worry about them disturbing patrons). It's clean, delicious, and modestly priced. Definitely recommend you give it a shot! Just don't go on a Monday...they are closed.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,4/21/2012,33,5,,1,1>I am a HUGE cupcake, or just sweet, lover, so going to different dessert/cupcake places just to try things out is what I strive to do.I first heard about Sara Sara's a while back, but never actually had a chance to go there until just recently.My first impression of the place is its doll-house set up and look. I simply fell in love with this little white house. Here and there you can find pink and black decorations, which do nothing but add more to its "cuteness," but of course I am not here to talk about that, I'm writing this to tell you about my experience with the cupcakes.These cupcakes are really not your "average-size", in fact I can barely finish one. That's why it is understandable for it to be a little more expensive than a few other desert places. Needless to say, they are delightful: not too sweet, moist, and can surely satisfy your sweet tooth. My favorite flavor would have to be the "Count Rockula" - a "Chocolate cake with chocolate cream frosting, topped with cocoa puffs and roasted marshmallows..."Every week, they usually have $2 Tuesdays from 4PM to 9PM, along with $1 Tacos from Iguana.They are working hard on putting different events together, so follow them on twitter and like them on Facebook to keep up with everything!
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2011,4/20/2012,0,5,,1,2>I went to Irma's with a few friends for an early dinner one evening. They had raved about the burgers there for the longest time, so needless to say, I was excited to try it. Now, usually when someone hypes up my expectations that much, I find myself getting let down. This time it was a different story.When my burger came out, it looked like an ordinary burger. The difference between a regular burger and Irma's hit me when I bit into it. It was the patty that was really appealing to me. Although I got a simple burger with just lettuce, tomato, onion, and pickles, it was probably one of the best I've had. The simplicity along with the savory patty combined to make an ultra delicious burger.The reason I'm giving Irma's a 4 is because I've had astounding burgers, and while Irma's was wonderful, I have had better. It's still one of my favorite burger shacks of all time.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,6/1/2013,31,5,,4,3>I tried Rococo first for dinner service.  The ambiance of the place is wonderful and romantic.  We started with the Jumbo Lump Crabcake, and it was to very impressive!  Very heavy on the crab meat, just the way I like them.  For entrees, we ordered the Penne Bolognese and the Fettuccine Alfredo.  Both were very good, but I felt like I could have cooked something equivalent at home.  I plan on ordering the Chef's Specialty Pasta when I return.  Dinner service was friendly and efficient.Now, what I LOVE about Rococo is the brunch.  It's my favorite in OKC, hands down.  They have such an impressive variety; everyone will be satisfied, and you get good bang for your buck.  The waffles are amazing, the omelets are awesome, everything is good!  Obviously service is not as involved as it is for dinner or lunch, but I never have to wait for drink refills or for my plates to be cleared.  And then there's the mimosas; yes, definitely yes!
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,5/31/2013,4,8,,5,3>LOVE this place.  They have the best pita bread. Ever.  It comes out hot and fresh, and goes perfectly with the fresh hummus, which comes in a pretty bowl with olive oil, paprika, chickpeas, and herbs.  You also get what I think is pickled turnip slices to go with it and it's oh so good.  They have a buffet Friday and Saturday nights that is really popular and has lots of different items.   But you also can't go wrong with the Gyros Platter, turkish coffee, or hot tea.  Definitely try ZamZam; it's a fun environment with good food, and a great patio in the summers.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,5/30/2013,45,143,1,2,2>This place is great, doesn't mean I should be eating 3/4th of a pizza on the regular but here is why they are great. 1. The service, is awesome.  Serving food takes timing. Our server had the best timing and always seemed happy to be there. 2. They don't push you, we had a couple of empty beers on the table and it was never, more beer! It was can I get you anything at right now. I liked that. 3. Everything tastes good. I mean what more can you ask for at a pizza place? The notation of "best pizza" in Oklahoma rests here at Hideaway. Because they know pizza is more than dough and sauce.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,5/29/2013,58,59,,2,1>One of my favorite little lunch spots by work-- I don't know why I wasn't coming here until recently!  I've had both paninis and cold sandwiches, and they are both super tasty.  The paninis are a bit small, but since you get a piece of fruit (or bag of chips, WHATEVER CHIPS I HATE YOU AND LOVE FRUIT) you still get plenty full.  The cold sandwiches give totally generous portions.  It costs a bit more than subway, but the food taste oh so much better, and there is a great variety of meats and vegetarian options, good cheeses, and smoothie/juice options for drinks, as well as a ton of Jones sodas and a full espresso bar... which means steamed milk for me!In addition to their vegetarian options, they occasionally have those carob-y type of brownies and such not, all healthy vegan alternativey.  Not my thing, but definitely something many people I know appreciate!The space is fairly small and can get crowded-ish around the lunch hour, but I've never had an issue with finding a place to sit while I wait for my food.  The staff tend to be super nice, and give recommendations on sandwiches if you're indecisive, too.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,5/28/2013,93,253,1,5,3>This place continues to rock my world. Hands down the best Italian food in OK, no contest. I actually heard about this place on the yelp talk boards. I posted a few months ago asking if anyone knew a good Italian place. After some mediocre suggestions, and some okay, we decided to try Papa Dios. It's a little out of the way for me, but I figured I didn't have anything better to do. The shopping center it's in is older, and parking is always hard to find in front of the restaurant. I thought it was packed due to the fact that it was a Friday, come to find out it was packed because it's AWESOME. I had their special that night, Italian meatloaf, and it was delicious. The only thing I hate is it's rarely a special when I'm there. Since then, I've tried their ravioli (great), sausage lasagna (great), and their spaghetti (also great). The real winner is their spinach and mushroom lasagna. Oh man, veggies shouldn't ever taste that good.  The pros1) the food, nothing else need be added.... This says it all!The cons1) parkingWhile the regular restaurant environment isn't anything special, the wine bar (left side) is perfect for dates. If you live in Oklahoma city, it's a must try!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,5/27/2013,52,80,11,8,7>I AM A TOTAL PIE JUNKIE.  There's this macadamia nut crust anchoring their key lime pie that is some next level genius.  The heavens opened up and angels sang when i took my first bite and I'll forever chase the high of that first bite.  I think literally shouted SHUT UP! when I was done with my piece...that good.  I am basically bed-ridden for the next couple weeks thanks to a knee surgery and I have some of the kindest and most thoughtful friends and family a person could ask for.  One of the MOST kind and thoughtful of them all brought me a key lime pie from Pie Junkie that was devoured in 2.5 seconds.  by just me.  just kidding.  actually i only got 1.5 slices, because my husband devoured the pie before i could pathetically crutch over to the fridge for more.  he totally deserves it, he's been so helpful that I can hardly begrudge him the treat he stole.  We're now on our 4th pie and a little closer to diabetes...but it's ok because it'll hurt so good.  Not really, we are only on our 3rd and the 2nd was a mother's day present for my sister in law (lucky sister in law). We also had the chicken pot pie which was delicious.  It's a blessing and a curse that we live walking distance from their store front.  The saving grace here is that i won't be able to walk for another few months anyways....but I'm getting better at pathetically crutching around so I hope you beat me there because I might just eat them all.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,5/26/2013,92,240,,4,2>Since this joint opened, we have been burger fans. Honestly, we love having Flatire so close to home. Last night we met up with some friends and had dinner before going to a movie. We had yet another fantastic experience. I ventured away from the regular student special (Burger and a side for $7.50) and had a salad. The name of the salad escapes me, but it had chicken and beans and was really yummy. We asked if it was ok to leave our car for a bit and they had NO problem with it. The staff is for the most part, super friendly. We love this place.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,5/25/2013,63,141,2,4,4>Holy mother tucker that was a great onion burger! I've eaten at tons of onion burger places around the state, and this one has definitely grabbed a seat in my top 5. I think what really set it apart for me was, well the meat of course, but also the bun. At other onion burger places the bun falls apart in your hands within seconds, yet the bun here at Tucker's held up for the entire meal. PLUS it was tasty, so double bonus.The fries are so gosh darned amazing that they don't even need ketchup, just eat them as is.I'll definitely be back to try their turkey burger too, can't wait!
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,5/24/2013,28,110,1,6,5>I am a huge breakfast fan and prefer to support local restaurants over chains.  This place is one of my favorites that fulfills both of these requirements.Joeys is tucked away in the strip center between a tattoo shop and a tanning salon.  The space greets you with a tiny waiting area, but then opens into a large open eating area.  The walls are lined with booths for four and the middle section is all tables.  They can accommodate large and small parties.The owner/chef used to work at the Oklahoma City Golf and Country Club, or the OCG double C as some say.  That being said, he knows how to sling out some seriously good food.  They serve huge omelets filled with fresh ingredients, fluffy (but small) pancakes, and some of the best bacon in town.  They are open daily from 7AM to 3PM.  It is most busy on Friday and Saturday mornings around 9.  They also server lunch, but I have never tried it.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,5/23/2013,4,90,,3,1>Driving down Bryant, I see the sign for the Garage and decide that since I am a proponent of both burgers and beer, this would be a place well suited to my tastes. My assessment was correct. First visit was about two in the afternoon.Rather than having a waiter from the start, I found myself in a short line with menu above much like the fast casual restaurants. I ordered a buffalo burger, Parmesan garlic fries, and a Moscow Mule. The food came out quick, but the drink took a bit longer. In the meantime, I noticed that the restaurant was fairly busy even well past normal lunch hour. It was a bit noisy, although the worst of it was another patron discussing unpleasant topics one seat away.The food itself was solid. Buffalo makes for a great burger and the Parmesan garlic fries had a distinctive style. A bit messy with the grated Parmesan and the garlic really stands out. I rather enjoy that. The Moscow Mule was right on and the copper mug was a very nice touch.One good visit down. I decide to drop by a second time later on to see how it is when it's a bit quieter. A midnight visit since the Garage is open until 2 am, something that is very appreciated. Grill closes earlier, then kitchen. While there are fewer people, the music has been cranked up fairly loud, mostly stuff from the 90s.End result is that I've found the kind of place I wanted to find in Edmond. No smoking, open late, and can make almost all of the best classic drinks. Almost.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2014,11/7/2014,9,25,1,2,3>I love Fusion Cafe! The owners are nice and the food is great! Where it's located is a bit surprising and random but not hard to find. Decor is pretty old but who cares, food is delicious!! SEAFOOD TOFU SOUP - you can choose your level of spiciness between 1-10 (on most other items also) and 10 being the most spicy. I loveee this soup! Plenty of tofu, which I love! It also has shrimp, squid, some other seafood, and a raw egg they put in afterwards. I've had it to where they put the egg on the side and you crack and put it in on your own and I've had it where they put it in there for you before it arrives to the table. It's your choice whether to break the egg or let it cook in the soup, I like to break and stir! YUMMMM!CHICKEN WINGS - they have 2 options, spicy garlic and teriyaki. I like both but prefer teriyaki. It's sooooo goooooddddd. Idk why but the chicken wings are always the last to come out. Anyways, the skin is light and super crispy!! The meat is just right, not overcooked nor undercooked. You must eat it with the pickled daikon but you can only get some if you order entrée. I don't think chicken wings alone is considered an entrée. BEEF BULGOGI - it's considered an entrée and comes with white rice. I love this dish also, the sauce isn't overwhelming. The beef isn't dry like some other places I've had. FISH CAKES - According to my mother, their fish cakes are really good!! So if you like fish cakes, give it a try! Overall, I enjoy the food here a lot. I'm just sad that their menu is pretty restricted; not too many things to choose from. Like I wish they had kimbap :( And sometimes when I ask for to-go boxes, I feel as tho they're a bit stingy about it. As if they wanna give me the smallest box necessary. Def give this place a try tho!!
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2014,11/6/2014,12,36,1,2,2>I've had greens cupcakes before but someone else picked it up for me but today I went for the first time and they have a wide selection of different cupcakes, lately this past year I've been to a lot of cupcake places I went to flying cupcake in Moore a cupcake place in Mustang and Norman even cupies and Joe's which I will review some other time. If you do like cupcakes its a nice cool place on Classen curve that's worth checking out.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2014,11/5/2014,93,253,1,5,2>Best coffee in Edmond.$5.50 got both my girlfriend and I a large coffee, and a large cappuccino. Compared to Starbucks, and even other local places, that's pretty darn cheap.The most important fact of all: the coffee is good. There are places in downtown OKC I like better, but as far as Edmond is concerned this is the best by far. A great addition.The Pros:1) Clean2) Nice variety on the food side of the menu3) Reasonably pricedThe Cons:1) crap location for first-time drive by business
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,11/4/2014,8,51,1,4,4>I love this place for Asian noodle soups.  My brother, sister in law, and I always make a random trip here on Sundays after church.  We usually decide between pho (beef noodle soup) or bun bo hue (spicy Asian noodle soup).  It all depends on how I feel that day.  Both broths are clear, non-clouu, and taste like the bone has been simmering in the broth for hours.  The meat:noodle ratio is about 1.5:1 which is perfect.  I hate getting a significant amount more of noodles compared to meat.  They will serve a fresh side dish of vegetables.  For appetizers, I always get the Vietnamese spring rolls or fried green beans!
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2014,11/3/2014,42,150,1,5,8>Wow! I was so impressed with this farmers market. I have heard about it for a while now, and finally checked it out with my grandma and my boyfriend this past weekend. It will definitely not be our last time here. We went searching for small cucumbers for pickling and found them right away, but stuck around to see what else was there. I got a scone for breakfast, and we ended up also getting some green beans, onions, peaches, bell peppers and some red peppers labeled "hot peppers" (good enough for us!). Besides the fact that all the vegetables looked so fresh and bright and gorgeous, it was very inexpensive. We spent about $25 on all our vegetables, which included about $12 worth of pickling cucumbers. I can't wait to come back throughout the year and see what's in season and what this market has to offer.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,11/2/2014,62,56,1,6,2>I just started coming to this dentist because he is at a great location and accepts my dental insurance. And I am so happy with him! Dr. Brasher is so awesome and great with me. I am extremely scared of dentists. It doesn't even make sense why I am. And you would be shocked at how nervous I am day of dentist appointments and right before I walk in I'm having an anxiety attack. Nothing ever hurts they bad but it's just the idea.  So not only is Dr. Brasher good at what he does, he is patient and a great attitude and friendly bedside manners that lightens the mood. I definitely recommend going to him if you need any work done and esp for those who share my fear of the dentist! In addition, his hygienists and staff are awesome too. They are always super super sweet and really make you feel at home. The staff at Kickingbird Dentist really deserve some recognition for their superb customer service !
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,11/1/2014,139,130,1,5,3>McNellie's will always be high on my list of favorites in OKC. The beer selection makes it a clear choice if you dig the suds, but they also have a full bar & truly delicious bar food. The balsamic chicken sandwich and pub fries would be a standout on almost any menu in town, much better that standard pub fare. Other standouts for McNellie's: complete separation of smoking vs. non-smoking, fun things like St. Patrick's Day & Guinness run, and their staff. Sure, sometimes the host is a little disinterested, but in general their bartenders and waitstaff are helpful and attentive. As Sara J. said, Kellan is a standout who goes above and beyond for his customers!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,10/31/2014,54,41,1,5,3>If you're looking for a little taste of heaven in your mouth- this is the spot. I don't know what kind of seasoning they use to bread their chicken when they fry it; but it's like a spiritual experience taking the first bite when it comes out. When you combine that fresh fried chicken with the simple, yet soft waffle- it's really, really great. They have multiple seasonings to choose from if you're wanting to take your chicken/waffle combo to the next level. I usually opt for the classic syrup, but every now and then I'll get a little crazy & drizzle some of their Flaming Lips hot sauce on it. (Wayne Coyne has his own hot sauce, who would have known?) The ambiance of this place is pretty creative with drum sets, cymbals and toms hanging from the ceiling. The beer selection here (draft & bottle) is pretty solid and the fact that they have a full-bar is always a bonus. I usually expect about a 45min-hour wait from when we order food, to when it's delivered at the table; but you know why that is? BECAUSE THEY ARE MAKING IT SO FRESH! Your patience will be rewarded. Just don't go if you're on a short lunch break, or expecting to get in & out quickly. Sit & enjoy.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,10/30/2014,8,85,1,6,3>I first heard about the shop after participating in a beard growing contest, and after some extracurricular growth, I decided it was time to get a big boy haircut at a grown up place.I've been going to Carwin's for a little over six months now and have been pleased with everything. The reservation process has been as easy as a phone call to the shop. The haircuts and occasional beard trims have been great, and there are plenty of great hair and beard care products as well as the many choices of hats, wallets, and bow ties.A bonus is the food and drink choices nearby in the Classen Curve if you just happen to arrive a little early. ;) I just wish Chuck and his shop was little closer to my Yukon home.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2014,10/29/2014,60,81,1,9,7>Bleu Garten has only been open for two weeks and it's already one of my go-to spots. Great for meeting up with friends, running into old ones, and showing out-of-towners that OKC is cool (it is!!). So maybe we're not the first city to have a good truck garden, but hey, we have one and it's done so well! First of all, the space is smack dab in the middle of some awesome land in Midtown. Things are happening here. Next, the space is huge. I've been on nights where there are 400+ people and there were still places to sit and walk around. The lines are never too long because there are two bars (one cash, one for credit card drinks and cocktails) and at least two food trucks if not more going at once. There are somewhat sheltered areas and open seating with umbrellas covering them. They just set out outdoor heaters, so get pumped about cold weather! BG also has lots of TVs for those interested in sports and all that jazz. My favorite part: the Garten is friendly for families and pets! The bar tenders have dog treats, there are bowls of water and coming soon.... Dog beer! Yep. Don't worry, it's non-alcoholic. Also, don't forget they're open for lunch too if you wanna avoid the (somewhat) crowd.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,3/31/2014,132,88,1,5,5>I've been here several times now and I love the food here, and the prices.The reason for 4 stars is the waitstaff is not always professional.  It's a pretty quiet restaurant and I can always hear their conversations in the back which is a little disturbing.  The last time I was there our waitress ask us so many questions, I literally wanted to eat my food in the car.  "May I grab your used up sugar packets" "Can you move your plate to set down a glass"  "Would you mind if I refilled your drink", to every single person multiples times.  Now, the food, so amazing.  The complimentary rolls were like eating clouds with garlic butter on them, very delicious.  I love the option for the alla panna sauce, which is a mixture of alfredo and marinara.  I always substitute this sauce, its a $1 extra.  One thing I didn't know was extra was $5 extra if you get a caesar salad versus a house salad.  I wish they had an option for both as the side instead of coming out with a caesar salad the size of a house.I tried all my friends dishes and the veal was amazing, loved the tortellini, I had the spaghetti and meatballs and we also did the calamari as an app.  Cooked very well and tasted fresh.  I'll definitely be back!  the price tags were fair and the bread is that good.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,3/30/2014,31,43,,4,2>Hands down The. Best. Thai. Food. In. OKC. I have tried every their food in the metro and this is by far in a league if it's own. There is now a Panang 2 on the north side, but it isn't even as good as the original. I have been eating here probably every other week since I started working on the south side 5 years ago. The restaurant itself has undergone significant updating, and the staff has always been very friendly and helpful. Most importantly, the food is PHENOMENAL! They offer a spice scale from 1-5 (5 being the spiciest), and you choose the spice level of any dish you order. I like things really spicy so on everything but the soups I get a 5. When the soup is too spicy sometimes you breathe it in and it makes you cough uncontrollably. That being said, their soups are incredible and you MUST try their Tom Yum and the Tom Kah soups, delicious!My other regular dishes are the stir-fried eggplant and the Panang Curry- you cannot go wrong with either.Bottom line is no matter where you live- if you love Thai food- it is worth the drive to Panang!!
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,3/29/2014,25,48,3,6,4>These guys are AMAZING! I'm no beer aficionado, but I know what I like and the fine brewers at the Mustang Brewing Company know how to deliver on what I like.if you have a spare hour on a Friday after work you could do much worse than dropping $5 on four 3oz samples of the latest and greatest here. The two times I've been so far it turns into a full house of people enjoying some good beer and talking with people who truly seem to love their craft. The folks at Mustang seem to genuinely enjoy what they're doing and want to share it with the world. They're always up for answering questions and giving you info about what the flavor profiles in this brew or that one is. These are some fine gentleman who I'd enjoy nothing more than learning about the finer arts of brewing with while kicking back and enjoying a nice cold beer.Did I mention you get to keep the glass? Seriously, first and third Friday of every month. A pint of beer, some good company, and an awesome glass. What's not to love?
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,3/28/2014,20,47,3,9,5>This place is an absolute hidden gem!It is in a truly discreet and unassuming location, but the food is neither discreet nor unassuming.  I have been here a number of times (?30?) and have never been disappointed.  I was fortunate to initially go with a Persian friend of mine who knew the owners, and so I do not know the menu just what I like and how to order it.  I have since gone with small and large groups and every time anyone that has gone with me and has never been before is absolutely floored.Their tahdig is amazing with a topping of what seems like very slowly cooked stew meat.  The meat is so tender that the contrast with the traditional tahdig crispness cannot be beat.  I can also highly recommend their lamb chops as either an appetizer (which I prefer) or as an entree.  They are perfectly cooked and never disappoint.  For a large party, mixing the lamb and tahdig as appetizers is perfect!  From there how could it get better?  Let me tell you:Oh yeah...they have kabobs.  And they are pretty good...if you are into perfectly cooked and flavored cuts of meat that are meant for eating.  Turns out I am into that sort of thing, so I kind of go nuts when I get to go here.  The filet is AWESOME!!  The chicken is phenomenal, the traditional ground beef kabob cannot be beat, and if you are lucky enough to be here when they have made ground chicken kabobs?  I can't tell you that answer.  Just don't order it, because I may be behind you and you better not be the reason they run out and I can't get it!So like I said, it's pretty awesome if you are into super tasty perfectly cooked wonderfully spiced stuff.Oh yeah...ask for the extra spicy red sauce (I know I am a gringo and so don't know the real name).  It (like everything else) will not disappoint.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,3/27/2014,18,8,1,5,3>I love coming to this place for lunch. They have lunch specials, which are amazing (especially when they have chicken enchiladas or alfredo). They change up their lunch specials a few times throughout the year. The staff is very friendly and calls me by my first name. They are very quick about getting your food out to you. I have tried several different items off the menu and have never been let down. Their bacon cheeseburger are to die for!
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2013,3/26/2014,35,58,3,4,3>It's a fun spot to be if your belly is full of alcohol, but I managed to come last night around 11pm on a Thursday. Almost a bad idea on my part considering the OU bumbling drunks were out and seemed to flock to this spot. Oh well, I tried their new Long Island Iced Tea for $3 (not bad for a premix), The Single for $1.25ish and the ice cream in a beloved Phillies cap. Gotta try a basic dog, that's how you can spot a good hot dog joint. I enjoyed it all along with the employees and baseball layout the interior is, PLUS they're open later than the bars (thank heavens for less runs to Mickey D's). They have a nice menu of different dogs which is cool and they do an eating contest as well which I may do one day. It's almost like being in a ball park with grabbing a dog & beer then kick back.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,3/25/2014,139,130,7,5,3>There is a lot I could say about Saturn Grill, and have in my midtown review, but I feel compelled to do the good folks of OKC a favor and take the time to put the spotlight on their cupcakes.  If you don't have time to hear me wax poetic about the deliciousness, here's all you need to know: do not pass go, do not collect $200, go directly to Saturn Grill and get a cupcake (or two).I consider myself to be a cupcake connoisseur.  In fact, while in grad school I had a dream that I opened a cupcake bakery in OKC and when I woke up I called my now husband and said "we need to open a cupcake shop in OKC." He laughed and told me to go to class, but within that same year, the first three cupcakeries opened in the 405.  Womp, womp. And yes, I still remind him of this.  Anyway, I tell you that to say that I know my stuff when it comes to cupcakes and I tell you now that these are the business. I often skip dessert, and I almost always do at lunch, but I owed a colleague for bringing me a latte one morning, so I decided to bring him back a cupcake.  Not wanting him to have to eat a cupcake alone, I snagged a second one and brought them back to work.  He chose the red velvet, I took the chocolate.  I had to take a call in my office (so technically he did eat it alone) and I heard him literally squeal with delight.  And he's a pretty manly dude, so I knew I was in for a treat.  I'm a 'cupcake sandwich' person*, so I split it in the middle, flipped it and devoured it.  They are large cupcakes, but they are so light and airy with delicate frosting that you feel neither guilty nor stuffed.  I literally contemplated licking the frosting off the lid of the to go container they came in, but held back.  So yes, I just wrote a lengthy review about one thing on a great menu, but trust me, it is one thing that should not be missed.  And with your Keep It Local Card, they are totally reasonable and worth every penny! *If you aren't, you should be.  Seriously, only way to eat a cupcake.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,3/24/2014,20,41,2,5,4>What can I say? This is an Oklahoma City staple. The next time you have out of town guests take them out on the town for drinks and then end your night with wings, fries, and biscuits from Bobo's. The chicken is smoked and then battered and fried. This two step process is what stands Bobo's out from the rest of the chicken places in OKC. It's the only place you can get fried chicken with such a smokey flavor. The other thing that's sets Bobo's apart is that they pour honey all over your chicken, fries, and biscuits! And it's delicious!Taking your chicken to go? No worries, it will still be crispy when you get home, honey drenched and all.Bobo's is a food truck that's out late at night on the weekends and always has a crowd. They make your food when you order it so you may have to wait 20 minutes but you will get hot, fresh food. Worth the wait and the experience!
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,3/23/2014,58,67,,7,3>No menu... They have specials everyday and the waiter will tell you the items. Platters are recommended for more variety. Although the platters are not priced, they are $12.99.They still have the Italia Express sign outside, which throws you for a loop. The owner explained that he has had issues with 2 different sign contractors. The interior has simple decorations and looks like there may be an outside patio when the weather permits.This place does have several things to work on, like a menu and associated prices. They do take credit cards via the Square D on the iPhone, but the tax and charge seems high. Instead of $12.99+ tax, it was $15.37? Square D must charge $1.25/transaction. I am glad they take credit cards, nonetheless.The waitress was very patient and they took your order by your name. This helps when you are paying you bill, since it is sorted by, you guessed it, your name. The waitress did have to tell you all the items of the day. She will tell you the actual name of the dish, unless you ask her what it is, for example the channa dal is chickpeas, etc.Definitely as authentic as they come, without visiting a gas station. If you want it spicy, make sure to tell them.Since I set it up with a large party and yelpers, they provided a couple of appetizers on the house, both of which were delicious. One was Pani puri aka gulgappas. This is fried bread with chickpeas with yogurt and tamarind chutney. The girls loved the sauce. The other was a crispy puffy cracker which was really good and plentiful too.Platters included 2 meat items and sides with bread and/or naan.The naan options were plain, onion or garlic.They had paratha which is this greasy bread. This was not greasy like I have had previously.The pakora curry was really good for being vegetarian.The butter chicken and chicken curry was delicious.The sheesh kabob was bursting with flavor.The dessert was carrot halwa, which was probably the best I ever had. Must tryI didn't try it but they had chai and Kashmiri teas.The food, service and hospitality trumped the other factors that this place was lacking. Definitely coming back, but will pay with cash, vs a CC.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,3/22/2014,125,125,1,7,6>"I want to watch more live theatre," is what I exclaimed to my husband after walking out of the lyric. It's charming, adorable and entertaining. It's one of those things that isn't on my normal roster of  "to do" but it does make me happy to see a live performance. Lyric at the Plaza is just the right size for it too, there is really not a bad seat in the house. We watched The Odd Couple, which is kind of a dated but the acting was all well done and jokes were still delivered in a way that really hit there mark. I'm a Turner Classics Movie fan so pretty familiar with most of Neil Simon's work. I'd be down to Harvery or Barefoot in the Park as well.  It's a totally charming experience, right down to the sippy cups they put your cocktails in and the tropical starbursts from the concession stand. I saved the playbill and my tickets and I'm sure I'll lose track of where I put them in my bookshelves and find them later and remember the experience fondly.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,12/11/2013,0,52,,,>Ate here for the first time with a group the other weekend. In fact I think it was the first time for everyone at our table. It was moderately busy.  Service was very good. Wait staff were friendly and attentive.I had the chicken satay for an appetizer. I thought it was very good. Sampled one of the soups with shrimp. Forgot which one it was. But it was very good as well.You get a small, as one reviewer mentioned, "forgettable" salad before your meal. And it was that.I had the sweet and sour fish. I must have liked it since I ate the whole thing. And it was a good sized portion of fish with various veggies and pineapple.Nobody had complaints about their food. So that is a good first visit if I do say so.They brought the entrees out one at a time as they were made. Mine just happened to be first in line.It is not a huge place. But comfortable and clean. It is located in a strip mall. Just a few doors down from Los Arcos mexican food restaurant on 2nd st. Plenty of parking.The bill for just two of us, with just iced teas, was about $41.They have quite a few things on the menu. You might want to have a look at it online before heading over there so you can narrow down your choices. Not everything is spicy hot, although they have those dishes too.So yes, we would go back again. Note: According to their information online, they only offer the dinner menu on the weekends.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,12/10/2013,8,9,,4,1>I tried Abel's for the first time on the recommendation of many of my students and some coworkers. I've been looking for another Mexican restaurant to frequent....and I have found it! I went to Abel's right around 1 p.m. on a Friday, and was seated immediately. We were greeted quickly and served in no time. The service here is excellent.As far as the food: I'm boring and just got the burrito lunch, but it was good food for the price I paid. As far as drinks, they're large enough that we probably could've shared just one. They're huge! The only "complaint" I had is that I didn't care much for the refried beans. Next time, I'll just ask for double rice.I saw some other Yelp-ers complained about the "atmosphere" but since I didn't go at a very busy time, I didn't have a problem. I wouldn't say the decor is too bright or anything, but I personally enjoy restaurants that give the kind of feel Abel's does. It's conveniently located for me and very close to the high school, so that's another plus. Overall I'm very pleased, and for me at least, it's a nice alternative to Ted's.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,12/9/2013,151,161,,2,1>Where do I start with my go-to pho place? Or Vietnamese place? This place really is sensational. The atmosphere is... that of a restaurant. I don't really pay that much attention to it. I come for the food which is amazing. It's not really modernesque or overly Asian like some places. They do have a few plants and things, though, so it's not just bare wall. I've never seen this place swamped, but that's probably because I generally eat dinner late - think 8pm.With some places, you really just want to stick with that one thing that the restaurant does best (and usually that's pho with most vietnamese places). But with Pho Thai Nguyen, it's pretty much everything! Pho just happens to be on the first page of their menu, but beyond that they have fried rice and noodle dishes, vermicelli bowls, wonton soups, and more.The small pho is more than enough for me, but I always keep eating it until the bowl is empty and I will need to just go home to sleep it off.First timers - pho is not supposed to be a "clean eat". You also get to change your bowl to your liking. Some love the minimal, simple, wonderful taste that it comes as, and others want to add all of the bean sprouts, jalapenos, basil, siracha, and hoisin sauce they can. Piece of Advice: If you want to finish your bowl, eat the ingredients and then finish the broth. You won't make it otherwise!I've been here so much that it's gotten to the point that one of the waitresses recognizes me, even after chopping off all of my hair! She finds it funny that I keep bringing different people with me. All of the staff is great though, friendly, patient, and pretty quick to serve. I do think that they could really use a new menu in which the photos aren't distorted to fit the box they made on Word and confusing text trying to describe things to the gringos, but hey - at least you can kinda get an idea of what their food looks like.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,12/8/2013,33,58,,10,1>I'm glad you can now do reviews from the app & not just tips that aren't visible on the website.  I don't want to repeat what I have already said.  I was happy to see on Twitter that today's blue plate special was pecan crusted tilapia, grilled veggies & a drink.  I work within walking distance of Urban Roots location in Deep Deuce.  A lot of restaurants in the downtown area close their lunch service between 1:30 & 2:00 pm.  That's a problem for me because I frequently don't break for lunch until late & since lunch is my large meal of the day, I would like something decent to eat.  I am glad to add Urban Roots to my late lunch possibilities.  Today's blue plate special was delicious!  I have had several blue plate specials & ordered one sandwich with a fresh fruit side off the menu - all very good.  I still want to try their fish & grits and their gumbo sometime.  The staff is very friendly too.  If I was younger, I would come on nights when they have live music.  Urban Roots just put up a new sign that has increased their visibility.  More people should "discover" them!
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,12/7/2013,26,51,3,4,3>This place has been open as far back as I can remember. I recall riding past this place with my family as a child, because the name always stood out. My recent visit to Someplace Else Deli, it felt as though I stepped into a time machine back to 1985, and I loved it. Retro decor, wood grain on the walls, and best of all, 1985 prices. I ordered a salami and provolone sandwich for $3.85. It was served on a 7 inch roll. The bread was very fresh, as well as the ingredients. When I looked over the baked goods, I was flabbergasted when I saw the prices. Cookies were 26 cents, brownies and cinnamon rolls were .52. I surely thought this was some sort of Nigerian money scam, and as soon as I gave them my money, they would pretend like I didn't pay them. But, to my amazement, they gave me the brownie! And it was delicious. As I ate my sandwich, the bakery staff was busy cooling and slicing bread. Much of it took place in the lobby. It was interesting to watch. I love this place, and hope they never change.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2013,12/6/2013,5,99,4,4,5>Cafe Antigua, or: "Cafe Kacao's little sister" as I like to call it, is, well... similar to Cafe Kacao (hence my well-thought-out nickname). If you're unfamiliar with either place, they're basically breakfast / lunch places that serve up some great Latin-inspired, Guatemalan cuisine. The menu's are eerily similar (almost as if they're siblings). Some of the popular menu items include huevos rancheros, chapin, motuleno, migallas, and mosh. And no, those are not the band members of a popular Latin boy band; they're breakfast dishes. Last time I was at Cafe Antigua I tried the special of the day: a Guatemalan tamale consisting of masa dough with some veggies and green olives, filled with chicken, and steamed in a banana leaf. The masa was great, not overcooked or dry. I would have liked to see some more veggies, I think it had a total of 1 green olive - he seemed lonely. The chicken was meh, a little on the dry side for me, could have used some more flavor. The dish also came with pureed black beans (delicious), a spicy green salsa (also delicious), and eggs cooked to my liking (over easy). Something I found particularly odd - my friend asked for his eggs sunny side up and they said that they were not able to serve them like that? I didn't catch the reasoning, but it just seemed odd that a breakfast place couldn't do eggs sunny side up. All in all - good place to grab breakfast and/or lunch, and although I have yet to try any of the lunch items, I will certainly make it a point to do so. If you've tried Cafe Kacao, Antigua will be pretty familiar to you. If I had to pick - I'd give Kacao the edge: I feel like their portions are more generous and the food was slightly better overall. Both places are good though: reasonable prices and some tasty food, really can't go wrong either way. One thing to keep in mind: Antigua is closed on Sundays - so head to Kacao on Sundays for your breakfast fix, but Kacao is closed on Mondays - so Antigua is your place for Monday morning nosh (*this is the sound of your mind blowing*). Again, you're welcome.Overall Grade: B
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,12/5/2013,5,11,,3,1>This is my go to Chinese  food.   It is a Chinese restaurant with typical Chinese food.  However, there is good Chinese food and bad Chinese food.  This is the good Chinese food.  I always order either the broccoli beef or shrimp lo mien, both have quality ingredients.  Not the small salad shrimp.  I really love the beef sticks and dumplings.  Delish!  The egg drop is pretty good although I'm not a fan of chestnuts, but that's just a preference.  I forget to check, but I'm pretty sure it is MSG free, as I never leave feeling sickly full or get a headache later. The owner is super friendly and always comes to the table to check on everything personally.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,12/4/2013,52,80,4,3,3>My biggest complaint about Empire Slice House is if you order a whole pizza and don't finish it all the box to take it home in IS SO BIG!  It means I have to clean out the fridge to get it to fit.  If that were a real complaint I'd totally be doing this whole yelp thing wrong so please know I'm mostly joking.  The pizza here is exactly how I like my pizza...thin crust that's the right parts chewy and crunchy.  The flavors are just the right side of unordinary without be so out there they are "too weird", which means it's perfect for ordering when having the in-laws over. The restaurant/bar/patio space is exactly what OKC needs more of.  It's hard to describe without saying the word "hip" too many times so just know that I'd say that like 3 or 4 more times. GIMMIE PIZZA...P...I...Z...Z...A (that's from that weird youtube video of the olsen twins...it's what i always think about when I think Pizza...sorry if that is now stuck in your head)
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,12/3/2013,93,253,2,6,4>I love this restaurant!I was originally exposed to Kenyan and Ethiopian cuisine by my friend's sister in law back in LA, and ive been missing it ever since. This was just like her food. It turns some people off, because of the whole "eating with your hands" but it's worth it!If you don't know what to get, go with the staff suggestions. I was trying to give my girlfriend her first experience with this cuisine, so the waiter did a great job of suggesting a platter with a bunch of different things on the menu. What I love most is that you can get great vegetarian options. Nothing is worse than being stuck with a salad if you want to eat out in Oklahoma, without eating meat. A great addition to Edmond. Try the dish that has the avocado, tomato and jalapenos all chopped up. SUPER fresh! The staff is awesome as well, a real must-try.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,12/2/2013,9,13,5,7,7>Best lil' nail salon in Norman! I've been getting my nails and pedicures done for a long time and this is the most comfortable, friendly salon I've been to...The staff is friendly, the salon is very clean, and if you want something done a certain way or a problem fixed you don't feel uncomfortable telling your technician. Love coming here! My favorite tech is the only guy that works there...he does an awesome job. He's very efficient too which I appreciate. The polish he does on my pedis lasts between 4 to 5 weeks...he knows his stuff!
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,9/21/2012,145,19,,8,4>Not an antique shop, not a thrift store, not a vintage shop....but all of those things plus some extra. A MUST VISIT! Lots of retro kitch. It's a little like going into an estate sale only the prices are fair and reasonable. Currently there's a massive collection of healthy cookbooks from a single owner that probably spans 30 years. Each book is marked with little post-it flag indicating recipes she's cooked and her thoughts on them. What a treasure! Lots of vintage housewares and cool furniture, too. I'd tell you about this one thing, but we're going back for in on the next pay day. :-)No website that I can find, but here's their FB: facebook.com/thebasement
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2012,9/20/2012,45,165,2,7,3>I bought a Groupon for keratin treatment. My appointment was with Maggie. She was very informative about the process and recommended how often my hair should get keratin (less than what is advertised because it's healthy). I appreciate her honesty. Maggie was also fun to talk to. The salon is located very close to OU which would make it handy for many students or anyone in Norman.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,9/19/2012,3,11,,4,2>I've been hearing about this place for a while... Excellent burgers, sometimes-inconsistent business hours, but that may be expected with a food-truck-turned-restaurant.It's located in an old Whataburger drive-up on the East side of the street at 3600 N. May, in OKC.Worth visiting! I missed out on the fries, but stole a few of my lunch date's and wished I had my own. Should have come hungrier!
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,9/18/2012,4,29,1,6,2>I live and work in Edmond and when I'm in town I go out to eat lunch just about every work day with 3 or 4 guys from work. These are quick lunches with guys who typically crave simple but good food. Criteria for this crowd is one part good food, one part variety, and one part economy.  The Garage is a place we have driven by several times on the way to someplace else. Today we decided to stop in and see what it was all about.We had dropped by one other day, but seeing a line out the door, we left. As it turns out, the line is only because it takes a little longer to order than it probably should. As the line out the door was not reflective of the number of tables available inside. The menu is pretty diverse for bar food. Numerous types of hamburgers, tacos, French fries, cole slaw, various deserts, and more. I ordered the CBELT (a BLT with egg and cheese) cole slaw (they give it another name) and a soda. Total with tax was under $9.00. My fellow diners had burgers of various configurations and toppings. I also saw French fries on the table for a few seconds. That is before the guys scarfed them down like a pit bull on a bowl of kibble. "This is great" and "Wow, what a burger" were both things my table mates said in between bites. I can tell you, there was nothing left when they finished, and the burgers are not small!I almost regretted not getting a burger. After all the sign outside the building says "Burgers and Beer". It didn't say a dang thing about egg sandwiches with bacon and rabbit fixings. Still, when my sandwich arrived I bit into it, and instantly knew... I picked the best thing off the menu! All the fixins on this sandwich blend together to make the perfect lunch/breakfast type flavor sensation. I will be having this bad boy again, and soon!The Garage is nice inside too. A big area is where booth and tall tables and chairs seat patrons and numerous big flat panel tvs have sports, ex showing. The bar crosses one side of the room and the vaulted ceilings give a nice airy feeling to the space. Another room in the front has games and more tables.I look forward to going back and trying a burger soon. I hope they an do something to speed up the ordering process, but take it from me, the food is worth the slight hassle.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2010,9/17/2012,14,19,,2,1>My first real experience with sushi so please know this is coming from an uneducated palate (thanks for the correction... HA). I was trying different stuff so I had the California Roll and the Philly roll. I also tried the Spicy Cajun roll my buddy got.This is the way I would rank them. The Cali Roll was pretty tasty at number one. The Cajun Roll was a close second. And while still good, the Philly came in a distant third comparatively. I told the lady at the counter it was the first time I was having sushi and asked if I made a good choice. She said I did but that I wasn't very adventurous. Haha!!!  For both rolls and tip it was $12... I couldn't finish it all and I was STUFFED!  Will not order so much next time.I'd say that overall it was pretty good and will definitely go back to spread my wings a little bit...Update, This is one of my favorite places now. Cheap and close, can't ask for more. Staff and chefs are all friendly and if you want something not on the menu they are more than willing to make your dream come true. Too many great rolls to say in this review. The hibachi food is pretty awesome too!
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,9/16/2012,52,81,,2,2>Try the Plaza White.. really one of the best local white wines I've ever tasted! Food was superb! Their new chef "Jon" was an outstanding surprise to an enjoyable evening of wine and tapas. Really cannot go wrong with any small plates; local heirloom tomatoes for the bruschetta, pancetta wrapped asparagus with pecorino and a balsamic reduction, and roasted garlic as simple as it is.. but out of this world flavor.Also one of the best tasting roasted glazed chicken over a potato cake and wilted arugula. Honestly, this chef is a gem! Culinary training from all over California including the Bay area, San Diego and Napa Valley. Give it a try! Great patio too! "Damn Fine Table Wine"
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,9/15/2012,31,66,,1,1>Patrick is hilarious! Went in for a late lunch on a Saturday.  I ate the clover...their veg sandwich.  It came with beans and shrooms and some of the best smashed taters I've ever had.  Mister had the meatloaf sandwich.The cocktails were over the top and the bartenders are extremely helpful.They even experimented with lavender lemon cocktail for me and a white truffle dirty martini.We will be back.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,9/14/2012,139,130,,6,2>Everything under $7, including wine; plenty of choices and comfortable seating. Show your keep it local card for a free non-alcoholic beverage with purchase and this place really can't be beat.  I ate every bite of my salad and would've paid much more than $7 for it really anywhere else.  It is a great place for a group, because everyone can pick what they want (salad, sandwich, pasta, pizza, even items for the kiddos).  I haven't had any bad service like it says in some of the other reviews, but you also only see the folks for about 7.5 seconds (at least at lunch) so how bad can it be?  I am always looking for an excuse to  meet someone here and look forward to the downtown location so I can frequent it more often!
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,9/13/2012,24,135,,7,4>I chartered a sail with Captain Dave and his wife for my first anniversary. The reason I even considered was how clean the boat looked in the website photo's. In actuality it was just as clean and they were lots of fun to sail. We grabbed a Parisian dinner and a bottle of wine and jumped aboard. It was hot and still, but by the time the sun was setting there was some nice wind. Dave's wife Robin pampered us by preparing everything we brought and had all the glasses / platters we needed. The sunset is beautiful at lake Hefer and being out on the boat made it even better. I highly recommend a sunset cruise as a GREAT date.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,9/12/2012,123,113,3,2,2>Tonight, our original dinner plans fell through and it became a family night out. That's  not a bad thing, but when you've got twin 10 year old girls who've hit the stage where they feel obligated to loudly express their opinions about everything and refuse to have any similarity in preferences, where do you go? I've got just the answer: Saturn Grill. Mom wanted something light, Daughter A wants to be adventurous, Daughter B needs a tight control on her food requirements, and Dad just wants flavor and quality. Well, a Salmon Caesar, Cheese Tortellini, Shrimp Pizza, and Jerk Chicken Sandwich later, all is well in the world. Great food, friendly service, reasonable prices, and something for everyone. The only reasons I didn't give it five stars are the interior (fun and funky, but always a little dirty on the tabletops and the tables seem to all wobble) and a remake on one of the dishes (which, even then, came out a little overcooked). Still, we capped things of with a mocha cupcake and a slab of chocolate chip bread pudding. We'll be back to provide NUMEROUS opportunities to earn that fifth star. Recommended.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,8/11/2013,111,61,2,3,2>This is my go-to Mediterranean place these days. Reasonably priced due to its walk-up-and-order system.Try out the veggie appetizer, Dolma, Falafel, Spanakopita, Hummus, Grilled Asparagus, and Tzatziki. We split this between our little family of four and it's enough to start with. The kids split a gyro and fries. The wife gets the chicken kabob with rice. It's pretty dang perfect. I eat off of everyone's plate and get perfectly full. After the food is gone, we split up every flavor of baklava they have, walnut, pistachio, and cashew. I'm typically not a walnut guy, but that one is the best of the three.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,8/10/2013,29,25,1,3,1>I love Grandad's! It's my new favorite bar!Some pluses: Good beer, really friendly bar staff, they normally have a food truck parked out front on NW 23rd Street (Heo's Kitchen, Taste of Soul Egg Rolls, Moto Chef), TONS of room to come with a big group, there is a stage and I've seen some good live music (free!) since going there, SMOKE FREE (you can smoke outside), and they have some common board games available.Negative(kind of): The TV is pretty small, but they do have some comfy couches for watching. I don't really mind that since I usually go to a bar to socialize, anyway.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,8/9/2013,1,11,,1,1>Their boba smoothies and milk teas are the best in the city! Love the red bean, avocado, thai iced tea, taro, banana, strawberry-banana, passionfruit tea....Love that they have lychee jelly in addition to boba as well.However, their food was not that impressive. Pretty good, but nothing spectacular! I do know several people who absolutely love the food though!
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,8/8/2013,77,386,7,8,4>Are you freaking kidding me?! I hate being reminded how little I know about some of the greatest spots in the city, and Urban Wine Works was kind enough to rub it in recently. I had fantastic service, the chance to try a few excellent wines, a relaxed atmosphere and some remarkable food. I tried enough of the wine to know that there you can't really go wrong with any of the reds, but the Mourvedre was the standout for me.Fried quail was very interesting ... perfectly cooked and seasoned, a nice crunch from the breading and the exact balance of oil you need to avoid both a dry, gamey bird and a culinary grease ball. Truffle mac & cheese was a hit as well; I make a killer mac & cheese myself, but I am happy to report I am far outclassed by their excellent chef.In both cases, the food was a prime example of something many places give lip service to and ignore in practice -- simplicity. Let's take the mac & cheese: Everyone does a mac & cheese, and they usually try to make it sound fancier by adding lobster (shrimp is actually a better choice), tomatos, etc., and almost always change up the cheese as well for something like fontina. In this case, they're just doing a cheddar/butter sauce that IS ALL YOU NEED when it comes to excellent cheese sauce, with a little truffle oil added to give it a more substantial flavor. Simpler really can be better sometimes, and it was great to see.Urban Wine Works is instantly in my top tier of OKC spots. May have to carve out some room in the budget to eat here more often.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,8/7/2013,40,58,,4,4>Have been to Golden Phoenix a few times, this place is located in the heart of Asian district and shares space with the main Asian food market/grocery store in the area, pretty much.... think of any Asian food imaginable... and this place pretty much has it! The menu is hugggeeee and to be honest... a bit overwhelming, I have tried spring rolls, pho, noddle dishes and it's allll good here! The place is a bit chaotic for the ambiance as this place can get busy at certain times of days but it is always good prices and good food here! One cool thing about this place... they have pieces of roasting meat from certain animals hanging in a window area (i assume very traditional for certain Asian restaurants/food joints) and they have a place to pick out live seafood if you want something super freshAnother funny and awesome thing... there is a clear tv display in the bathroom! 1 time I went during a OKC Thunder basketball a game and they had it playing when I needed to use the facility, so I didnt miss any part of the game! Also there are tv's in the dining area as well to catch the games! For the Asian district you have to have top notch food to stand out from the crowd... and golden phoenix does this very well!
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,8/6/2013,117,109,2,3,2>McNellie's has a huge beer selection. There you go. Review complete. Go check it out... They also have pretty darn good food. The sweet potato fries are fantastic and their burgers are well above average. Pub food done the right way. Mcnellie's also has some pretty specials going on certain nights. I know they have Pint Night on Thursdays where they let you keep the glass. Not a bad deal.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,8/5/2013,93,253,,8,5>Dude this place is awesome! I live 2 minutes away and had no idea it was even there!What I love:1) the ribs. Hands down best bbq ribs I've had in years. I grew up in TX where there is a bbq joint at every corner, and I can still say I don't think I've ever had ribs this good. 2) the sauce. Their mild had just enough kick, and the hot will burn a hole through the table. You've been warned. 3) the staff. Always super nice and accommodating. Nothing more to say. 4) Portions. The portions here are huge. Like bbq should be. Bbq isn't health food, so it always bugs me when they skimp on the goods. Not this place. 5) well priced. Not too high or low. $10 before tip for a plate is pretty righteous. Basically, I love darn near everything about this place. A must try for any bbq lover.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,8/4/2013,37,75,,9,3>If you're living downtown, you know there aren't a lot of options for local grocery shopping.  And if you find yourself wanting to stay in and cook quality food at the last minute, you should be very happy there's a Native Roots Market nearby.I think of it as a "whole foods express", which I mean as a compliment.  This place has premium ingredients, albeit at premium prices.  However, it's not designed to be your end-all shopping experience.  This is not the kind of grocery store where you make a list, and buy everything on that list.  I come here for inspiration to cook something on short notice, and for the specialty items.What specialty items?  For starters, they make a KILLER fresh salsa, and sell it at a surprisingly great price ($5 for a container full!).  The cooks are always up to no-good (and by that, I mean up to something very good).  The last time I stopped in, they let me try a chili they were working on which incorporated their fresh-ground spices.  Oh, did I mention they grind fresh spices daily, and will let you buy as little as 1/4 teaspoon at a time? Throw away that 5 year old container of grocery store cumin and awaken your senses at Native Roots Market!The owner is utterly passionate about locally sourced ingredients. He has great relationships with his local farms and providers.  He truly loves what he does, and you can find him there most evenings.  His name is Matt, so if you see him, thank him for such a wonderful store.Store favorites of mine:  fresh salsa, concentrated iced coffee, organic sour cream, fresh chili powder, buffalo steaks, farm fresh eggs.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,8/3/2013,63,141,,4,6>Whee, a hippie food place in South OKC! Apparently this place has been here for 10 years, who knew? By the name I assumed they were a GNC-like establishment carrying vitamins and supplements, little did I realize they're a full fledged natural food grocery store.They're light on the fresh produce, but what they have looked quite tasty. They have an amazingly complete bulk food section, and they even carry nutritional yeast! That's hard to come by outside of Whole Foods, so I was pretty stoked!Prices are higher than big box stores, but that's to be expected. On a whole they seem to have a great selection of shelved natural foods, and a small cold and frozen area as well. They also have a juice and smoothie bar that I'd like to try, but didn't have the chance while I was here. I'm excited to make a return visit!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,8/2/2013,52,80,,3,2>This is my latest lunch obsession.  Cous cous cafe has all the ingredients for the perfect weekday 1 hour lunch break.  There are always enough people seated you don't think twice about sitting down, but not so many that you need to wait for a table.  The servers are attentive and service is quick enough you don't have to check the time worrying about making it back to the office before the boss notices, but slow enough you know it's not heat lamp city in the back.  The menu offers reasonable prices, sensible combos, and food that's deliciously just outside of "normal".  I enjoy the lamb kebob sandwich so much I have yet to explore the menu too widely.  The tea is perfect for warding off that 2pm slump as well, it comes iced or hot.  yum.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2014,11/17/2014,123,113,2,4,3>This place wound up being much more than I expected. The space is colorful, but not upscale by any measure. Not a bad thing, just an observation. The menu actually (by my estimation) tilts Central American/Caribbean rather than Mexican,  which is a pleasant finding. The SO had a Cuban Pork Chop, while I went for the Jamaican Curry Shrimp. Both were ridiculously full of flavor. As a concession to the Mexican side of things, we did have sopapillas at the end of the meal.Prices were reasonable, the menu had considerable variety, there were some Central American beers to be had, and the service was friendly and efficient. It's a converted fast food joint (I think maybe a LJS or Captain D's), so don't expect posh surroundings. Additionally, we went during prime time Friday evening, so we had an approximately 25 minute wait. Everything else was first-rate. I'm looking forward to much deeper dives into that menu. Recommended.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2014,11/16/2014,106,224,1,3,3>Went here today on a whim,  I was craving something warm to drink, and so was my honey.  We got a hot chocolate and vanilla latte. Both were made in a timely manner, and tasted delicious. I could tell my hot chocolate was made with real dark chocolate and not the fake powdered stuff due to the caffeine punch and strong real chocolate flavor, and the vanilla latte was so yummy that my significant other couldn't stop drinking his hot beverage.The place itself seems to be a place where college students come with their apple macbooks and study or do their homework. When we went today, all the tables and couches were filled with people on their portable apple computers drinking their caffeine filled beverages and eating a fresh pastry. We were too full to try any of their yummy baked goods, but I really wanted to try their blueberry muffin, blueberry scone, pumpkin scone, pumpkin bar, sugar cookie, and etc! Everything looked so yum yummy! Glad we got to stop in today!
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,11/15/2014,52,80,1,3,4>Wholesale prices, warehouse of art supplies, friendly and helpful staff...not sure why I would ever go to Hobby Lobby or Michael's again.  I went in looking for some painting supplies and filled up two baskets full of craft supplies for my son and myself along with painting supplies.  You know when you do something like that at whole foods...you go in for one thing and 45 minutes later you have a bunch of things that look awesome and you only kind of need and a whole paycheck later the buyers remorse begins to set in after everything is loaded into the car.  So that's basically what happened at Porch, but instead of the buyers remorse and sinking feeling I heard the total and thought maybe they forgot to ring up half the stuff we wanted.  The car ride home was filled excited plans instead of shameful impulse-buy regret.  This is a fine local establishment I have no qualms about returning to for all of our school and art supply needs.  Maybe it will even help curb my horrible Target habit.  if only...
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,11/14/2014,125,125,1,3,3>The Other Room is a place I end up a lot. I have "mad check-ins" here and I don't even remember checking in most the time. ;)Why do I come here? Because my friends are here mostly, the patio in the back is great when you can find a seat,  I can order pizza from Picasso's or anything else for that matter. The drinks are either really tasty or really strong and sometimes both. The music is usually pretty good and they play the Thunder games on the TV here. (Once I even ran into a Thunder, player it was funny to see someone who is like 7 feet tall try to blend into a crowd.) What I wish could change? I wish it was like 3 times the size it is, especially the patio area. I quit smoking about 2 years ago and I'm totally over bars with smoking,  unfortunately like 80% of my friends (including my husband) aren't and 90% of the bars I like have smoking in them still so I just deal with it all the time. However, I totally understand it when people don't want to so I feel that I should mention it my review.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,11/13/2014,52,137,2,4,4>I've had All About Cha on my radar for a while now. For some reason I was expecting it to be just coffee, tea & some light food. I was looking for a good salad and noticed they had a few on the menu. Inside the restaurant, I was impressed with how nice this place was. There was a lot more seating than I was expecting, I was greeted quickly and the gentleman behind the counter was happy to explain what they had on their menu. The Orange Chicken salad looked amazing so I ordered one of those & a black tea to go. I've said it before & I'll say it again, I don't mind paying a premium for good quality food, but $5 for an average sized cup of iced tea seems incredibly overpriced. Combined with my salad, my lunch was $15. Lucky for me, the salad was incredible. All of the vegetables were extremely fresh, crisp & plentiful. The grilled chicken was cooked perfectly and there was lots of it. There were grapes, orange slices and strawberries on the side. I'm a tall guy & like big salads. The Orange Chicken salad did not disappoint. My tea was really good...very strong. I normally wouldn't choose to pay that much for a salad & tea, but the quality was top notch & the service was very friendly.I'm certainly not a coffee connoisseur, so I don't think I'd go just for the tea, but definitely for the salad.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2014,11/12/2014,81,105,4,5,6>The fish tacos- made with cod rather than tilapia, always a plus- were far better than I expected them to be. I appreciated being able to switch out flour tortillas for corn. The french onion dip came with freshly made house potato chips- warm and perfectly crisp, with a slight toothsomeness. Yum. When I bring my kids, I'll request light or no seasoning on the chips and fries because they were heavily seasoned- good for me, but lots of salt and pepper. Not that sodium watchers are flocking to The Garage. Makes you really pity them.What most come for: the burgers. Here's what's cool about this joint! You decide what goes in between your buns, or lettuce if you go the gluten-free route. After choosing the style of your burger, you tell your server (or cashier) whether you'll have beef, bison, turkey, or garden burger. Swag! Nice to be able to choose. I can't comment on how good the burgers are because I was busy humming over my fish tacos when the burgers at our table vanished. Poof! Gone.As far as beverages go, heed this mayday warning: for some reason they make their sangrias with unorthodox and overly sweet mixers (my white sangria had sprite, vodka, cherry and pineapple juice in it. Eh what?). Sangria 101: wine + fruit. Guess they skipped that class. Anyway, you should stick with beer on tap. Good stuff. Ordering system kinda weird because you have options. Rather than order and pay in the cashier line before having a seat, we found it more comfortable to sit at the bar and get full service.  Definitely bringing my kids in. I'm taking bets to see how long it will take for them to notice Darth Vader and a stormtrooper riding bikes. Of course, they may be too distracted by the arcade games. Wager?
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,11/11/2014,48,38,,5,2>Right around the corner from both my work and my house, this little sushi place sees fairly regular activity from this girl. One of my favorite things to do here is sit on the "patio" outside -- really just a strip of outdoor tables -- and people watch along Western. My favorite rolls -- the New York and the Neko Nugget -- are proof I'm not terribly adventurous when it comes to sushi, but they're great, filling and relatively inexpensive -- basically my qualifiers for a quick lunch/dinner. Plus? The staff is always attentive, quick and polite -- which are my qualifiers for whether it's worth coming back, regardless of the food.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2014,11/10/2014,50,64,1,2,3>I love O bar. It's one of the few places in OKC I feel like I can always wear a dress to. The cocktails are creative and the view can't be beat. I also like all the bartenders and they've been very helpful picking up drinks for me. It's also a great place to bring out of town guests and the midtown location is perfect for after dinner.Management: I'd love to see a happy hour here! I'd definitely stop by after work if there were one. It'd be a great place to watch the sunset after work before having dinner :)
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2014,11/9/2014,9,10,1,4,4>I tried Cheever's for the first time tonight at the suggestion of several friends and foodie lists. The atmosphere is lovely, perfect for a date night. Although it was slightly louder than I'd hoped. This was probably because a table of 5 women were sat next to us who apparently were celebrating a birthday - very excitedly. I ordered wine because none of the house cocktails interested me. The wine was served at the perfect temperature, I was pleased. We started with the Oklahoma Caprese which was *phenomenal*. Seriously. I ordered the Boneless Short Rib, which could've used a little extra gravy, but otherwise was very yummy. Jalapeño gratin and Brussels sprouts came as my sides, both an 8 for me. Really good but not amazing. My friend ordered the Chicken Fried Steak - I've eaten a lot of chicken fried steak and this guy was definitely towards the top of my list. The breading was divine. For dessert we shared the Strawberry Biscuits and ate every bite - just enough sweet with the berries and tart from the lemon sauce. Overall, I enjoyed my experience and thought it was fairly well priced for my meal in its entirety. I'll be back, but not as soon as I'd like - the meal for two where we each had 1 drink was about $110. I recommend for a special occasion.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2014,11/8/2014,34,89,1,2,3>This little store is so great. They have a HUGE selection of wines and beer. Liquor too, but I have mostly been here for the wine and beer. They have micro brews, seasonal brews, a large selection of red blends, ORGANIC wine (hard to come by) and everything is very well organized. The staff is always helpful and have great suggestions. Every time I go here I end up getting something new!
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,7/22/2013,26,51,4,3,3>I came across this place the same way that I come across most of my new restaurant experiences. I was driving around with an empty stomach, and nothing on my regular driving route looked good. Before I knew it, I was on the south side of OKC. I found nothing but chain restaurants. A medium size strip mall caught my eye, and I thought to myself, there has to be a nice local restaurant here. As I drove slowly thru the parking lot, I rode by the most shit mexican restaurant ever constructed(Panchos), Subway sandwiches, and Papa Johns. Suddenly, the open bag of corn nuts that I placed in my car trunk 3 months prior became appetizing. However, when I parked my car to grab said bag suddenly delicious Cool ranch corn nuts, I noticed Anne's Famous Gyro! I decided to save my corn nuts for another day, and drove a few more feet to grab a gyro. When I walked in, there was one customer, and one employee. I'm assuming that it was Anne. I went with the lunch special that was written on the dry erase board. It was a gyro, fries, and a drink for 6.99. It costs a quarter for refills. I loved the service that I received. Anne(I'm assuming), took my money, made my food, and then gave me said food. Afterwards, she went back to watching TV and minding her own business. I prefer this type customer service over all others.  The gyro was large, and I received a pretty large serving of fries. I was unable to finish it all. All of the ingredients were fresh. If I'm ever in the area again, I'd definitely go back, but I'm just not a fan of the south side. Side Note: A few days after driving on the south side, I began having car troubles. My mechanic said it was because I needed a new battery and a tune up, but I think my ride contracted "car gonorrhea" from driving on the South side too long.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,7/21/2013,56,175,,4,2>I know everyone has their own opinion on what constitutes as good barbecue and good barbecue styles. For me, Leo's is the place to go! They are located at NE 36th and Kelly in a building that looks run down upon first sight. However, when you walk in the door you realize that good things are happening inside. You seat yourself at a table; the menus are on the table and the waitress comes and takes your order. The other day when I went my waitress was an older woman named Cookie. She did an exceptional job and was so friendly. The food at Leo's is delicious and the prices are reasonable too. The other day I ordered the hotlinks with baked beans and macaroni salad. They have options of a sandwich ($6), a light combo ($8) which comes with a fourth pound meat and two sides, a half pound combo ($10) which comes with half pound of meat and two sides, and then several options for family dinners. The meat choices include ribs, hotlinks, brisket, and smoked bologna. All of the meat have a perfect amount of smoke to them and are great accompanied by their homemade barbecue sauce. Their barbecue has the perfect amount of sweetness but also has a spice to it that creates a complex flavor. Something I appreciate about Leo's is that the sides are not an afterthought like most barbecue places. You won't find macaroni salad or potato salad purchased from Sam's in bulk containers and barbecue beans from a can. Their barbecue beans are the best I've ever had and are laden with bacon in their homemade barbecue sauce. I love their macaroni salad, it is creamy with crunchy fresh-cut vegetables in it. The potato salad is excellent too. One thing that they don't tell you but is available upon request is the complimentary greens. They keep them in the brick oven where they keep the smoked meats. The greens have bacon and onions, a good amount of spice to them, and are not bitter at all. Each entrée also comes with a slice of their famous strawberry banana cake. I honestly don't know how they make it so good but it is a perfect ending to the meal. Something I admire about Leo's is that they make you feel like family. It doesn't matter what you look like or if you're there in a big group or alone the owner comes up personally to greet you, tells jokes, and seems to have a great rapport with the regular customers. I really enjoyed watching the staff interact with one another and felt very comfortable while I was there. I truly believe that Leo's is a hidden gem in OKC, and it makes it difficult to eat at other barbecue restaurants when I know Leos is calling my name!
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,7/20/2013,12,19,3,7,2>I know I've said this before, but 2 words: Strawberry Mojitos.I've only been there twice, but I will definitely be a new regular on the weekends..or after a bad day...or any other excuse to go there for some. They have fresh strawberries and mint, taste delicious, and will get you shwasty face if you aren't careful. And I'm not complaining. The menu is a la carte, but the most expensive thing is about $12. Mediterranean plate, macaroni and cheese, calamari, and ahi tuna will make anyone happy.  Sit out on the patio, enjoy the hipster/chic atmosphere, and friendly, quirky waitresses.  As a college graduate who hangs out with an older 20's crowd, this place is great to escape the usual young college student crowded places around town.  Again for repetative purposes, STRAWBERRY MOJITOS.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2013,7/19/2013,0,5,,1,1>I love Bison Witches for trivia night on Tuesdays! The crowd is pretty chill, the grilled cheese is a staple, and they are known for their Irish Trashcans - and I highly recommend the IT! We usually have really good service there, but that is partially because we have been going there every Tuesday for a couple of years now. Friends also have the tortilla chicken salad every Tuesday - so it must be good!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,7/18/2013,142,7,,4,3>Great food and atmosphere! Nice addition to the SE/SW OKC area. Menu has great selection and food is tasty. Ordered the Chile Verde burger on whole wheat with a turkey patty. Hubby ordered the bacon avocado burger, which he loved! Thunder Fries are nothing special, especially if you are not a blue cheese fan. Next time, we will try another specialty app. Can't wait to visit again!
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,7/17/2013,0,5,,2,1>Amazing! My wife and I loved our experience there. Food was top notch. Great wine selection. The staff was superb. We didn't have a reservation and we were seated immediately. Served promptly within a few seconds. The service throughout could not have been better.The lobster bisque was excellent. I had a special dish featuring blue marlin. It was perfect. We will go back. It's now one of our favorites.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,7/16/2013,5,14,1,2,2>Great place for a cheap sandwich if you're not a fan of Atkins. The baguette sandwiches are good; however, the bread to filling ratio may be a little off. Yet, for $3 how can one complain? Pluses:1. The baguettes are fresh and good. They have the right texture: crunchy on the outside and soft in the middle. 2. I also love the abundance of fresh avocado. That's never a bad thing. 3. They have the most unique drinks if you're adventurous. Try the aloe drinks - the flavored ones are pretty good if you have a sweet tooth.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,7/15/2013,107,12,3,7,3>If you want a place with a personal touch, it's going to be easy to find it at LEAF + BEAN from Mark. As I drive up, I realize this is one of the cutest drive-thru tea and coffee shops I've ever seen. (Let's not get into the details of how many I've come across in my day.) The menu is simple and very easy to read. Even though the menu is only available right at the window, there is no rushed feeling to order. If anything, take the time to learn which pastries they have because they are definitely worth it! I had heard of their lemon coconut cake. Whoa. I didn't even know those would taste good together, yet I'm horribly inclined to have one immediately. Will this be a new addiction of mine? Will I crave this cake until the next time I get my hands on one? Will I be sad when I run out? Yes. Yup. Hell yeah! But wait, there's more! "What scones do you have?"Bacon. And. Cheddar. All those same questions applied to the scone. Overwhelmed by these awesome options, I drove away with both.My tummy regrets nothing. My waist line might, but it can deal with it. Drive up to LEAF + BEAN and I promise you won't be disappointed. Each item on the menu looks delicious, so take your time and ask questions to make it the perfect tea or coffee beverage. I know I'm happy with my pastries and tea!
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,7/14/2013,15,8,,6,2>I needed to do some work on a Saturday morning but wanted to get out of the house so I decided to head over to Cuppies and Joe for a change of scenery. What a great choice I made. I got in there around 8:30, got a cup of coffee and posted up at a table in the back. I spent the next three hours doing work and getting multiple refills on my cup of joe. Needless to say I was wired and productive (fairly). Too much caffeine can be a bad thing sometimes.The staff was incredibly nice and came back to check on me a few times, seeing if I needed anything. I didn't get a chance to try any of their delicious looking cupcakes but I would highly recommend Cuppies and Joe for a place to get some studying/work done. There are a number of tables and chairs throughout the place and they even have a patio if you want to soak up some sun. Other things to be noted: they have free wi-fi and a lot of outlets if you need to take your charger with you.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,7/13/2013,104,71,3,2,2>Long story short:  A very special place.Everything is German.  Not just the food and the beer- every stone, every piece of lumber, every decoration.  The mastermind and original owner was likely to visit your table with a German newspaper in hand, he'd introduce you to his German wife, regale you with stories of the last turkey shoot (a German tradition), buy you a round of in-house German beers, and if he liked you, he would serve his private reserve pear schnapps from a German sterling tea set.When I asked him why he chose to build so far out in the country he said, "Because zis iz how it looks in Germany."I might go as far as to say I've never been treated so well in a restaurant.I would probably like it even more if I ate meat, yes, but I'm not going to fault the Germans for having a traditionally sausage-heavy diet.  There are plenty of authentic meatless (but probably not vegan) options to still have a genuine foodie adventure.  Purple sauerkraut is my fave.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,12/11/2012,104,246,6,8,5>Would you like a coozie with your can of beer? Would you like Ralph Stanley and the Clinch Mountain Boys, Patsy Cline, George Jones and Johnny Cash? Would you like competitively priced beers such as COOP and similarly priced SOCO shots? How about going home not smelling like an ashtray? Yes. Me too. All of it.This place is the epitome of awesome: the drinks are CHEAP (meaning 5 large, tasty beers and a shot for around only $20!), the music is great, the atmosphere reeks of spectacular, and it is NON-SMOKING! Hooray! The owner, Greg, did a fantastic job with the place. The bar paneling was scrapped from a barn at his family's old dairy farm. The light fixtures were made out of old canisters from the dairy farm. There's basically a living room in the middle of the bar complete with a couch, a couple of seats, a coffee table and a television, but not like a sports bar television; more like a 'family of four sitting in the living room watching a TV series in the 1960s' television. There are pictures of Greg's family, some of them fishing at Medicine Park back in the day and some other really interesting things to look at. It's been a long time coming, 23rd street: you are about to get awesome thanks to Grandad's Bar.Oh, and my favorite part yet: bring in a framed, mountable picture of your grandad and Greg'll slap that shit on the wall fer ya!Yep, pretty sure this is my new favorite place.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,12/10/2012,62,45,5,4,4>This place kind of looks like a modern-day The Max or some other themed, cool teen hangout from a sitcom. It's charming, if a little contrived, but I love it.Extensive beer list, totally hip and beardy staff, and delicious food. I feel it's important for me to tell you that a slider is pretty big. I am a tiny and delicate flower, so a slider and a side makes a filling meal for me, especially if I enjoy it with a cold, local beer.Smokin' Okie + cheese cubes = SATISFACTION.Sometime I hope to save enough room for fries, which you can order covered in peanut butter and bacon, and I think that might be my spirit animal.Heard S and B bought the sad little Coach's in Norman. Fingers crossed for a chain!
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,12/9/2012,31,63,,4,2>The owners are NY transplants and awesome people that put together a great pie. The prices are very reasonable and honestly this is my favorite pizza in OKC. The crust is chewy with just a bit of tooth to it, sauce is perfect- not too sweet or acidic.  My only beef is using canned mushrooms instead of fresh, but honestly the consistently delicious pizzas make me forget about my silly hang-ups. I hear the rest of their food is great, but I just can't seem to get past a couple of piping hot slices to order anything else.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,12/8/2012,27,106,2,4,2>My Inner Hippie is Happy.  This is my new favorite spot on Saturday morning.  As a recent convert to organic food, I've been searching the web for the best spots in OKC and this market goes to the top of the list.  Not only are they in a convenient location, but they have a great selection of organic meats, cheeses, tons of veggies and even homemade soaps and crafts.In addition to organic versions of the usual supermarket fare, there are numerous items you'd be hard pressed to find anywhere.  I saw duck eggs, buffalo steaks (having one for dinner btw), heirloom tomatoes, fresh Asian veggies/herbs like lemongrass, artisan bread, cheeses and other stuff I've never heard of.  Best of all they are locally grown, and I believe all offerings are produced without pesticides, steroids, chemicals and other nasty things which can cause three-headed babies and a fondness for Justin Bieber music.As another poster mentioned, some vendors take cash only, but the majority seem to have credit card capability.  Prices are very reasonable on veggies, especially considering how fresh and tasty they are.  I plan to shop there every weekend I'm in town for my veggies and the occasional organic steak (the meats are kind of pricey).  Overall a fun place with excellent selection and quality.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,12/7/2012,214,465,,8,6>This is a really nice facility with lots of room to hold all the donated foods. The employees are very organized when it comes to assigning each volunteer a task. On Thursday nights, there is a DJ that blasts requested music. It is a lot of fun sorting out  thousands of boxes of foods and dancing to music! There are plenty of parking spaces in front of the building and lockers with electronic locks for volunteers to store their belongings. The bathrooms are also very nice. There are about 16 stalls with electronic flushers, sinks, and hand dryers. I would recommend wearing athletic clothing for easy movements because you'll be bending, walking, and standing a lot. You can't wear open-toes shoes or you can't work in the main area for safety reasons. There are different events going on throughout the month to make volunteering fun. Come check it out!
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2010,12/6/2012,29,70,,3,1>I came across this store when i received a record player for Christmas. When i found out that Guestroom Records carried indie vinyls i had to check it out. I was so excited when i went in for the first time. They have so many records and even cover paintings of popular records. One of my favorite things i have to admit is the kitty. I'm not sure if it's a boy or girl. But when i go in i'm sure to look for it. The little one will even jump up on the counter to thank you for checking out. Such a cutie. They have bands that play there as well. Haven't had a chance to check that out but i hope to soon.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,12/5/2012,103,131,6,6,6>I think I may have found the delicious burger that I have been looking for here in Oklahoma. If theres better, i will find it, but for now this place was amazing.it's a really small barish place. It's a comfortable feel, large variety of people, from families, to couples, to groups of friends. They have a FULL bar, and they have a pretty sweet bloody mary list. We got the spicy bacon bloody mary. It was pretty damn good, came with lots of olives and yummy piece of bacon and a subtle bacon flavor. Definitely recommend it.For the burgers, I got The Fire burger, fried onions, roasted green chills, cheese, and a spicy reach. The crunchiness of the fried onions with the flavor explosion of the spicy ranch was amazing. If heaven had a taste that might be it. The bun was toasted to perfection, not to hard and not to soft. The husband got the chili lime which is chili paste, cheddar crisp, avocado cream and cilantro lime coleslaw,  let me just say, if you're looking for something with a lot of flavor in a GOOD way, get that burger. So much delicious flavor going on and all of it together was just amazing. Like a flavor explosion in your mouth. They have a large menus of specialty burgers and I can't wait to go back and try another one. They even had a peanut butter burger which I'm skeptical about but it's worth a try at least once.The fries were perfect, medium cut with a awesome crunchiness. They weren't over cooked, under cooked, they were perfect.All in all, if you are looking for a burger this place is pretty great. Very unique.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,12/4/2012,24,22,1,3,2>Very cool place in The Paseo for funky, unusual items. I wandered in there today looking for Halloween items and stumbled upon a treasure trove. By far the best place for cool spooky finds and a bonanza of steampunk goodies. Go. Ghoul it up. Get your bwahahaha on in this locally owned shop.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,12/3/2012,0,6,,1,1>All bibliophiles who visit Full Circle secretly (or not so secretly) wish that they lived there.  Every nook is filled to the ceiling with books, and every turn you take reveals another nook. One of my absolutely favorite aspects of this store is the rolling ladders, that and the cozy corners for reading or studying or warming yourself by the fire place (when the weather is appropriate).  There's a great little cafe where you can grab a bite to eat or a coffee, so you have the energy to pick up a few more books or read a few more chapters.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2011,12/1/2012,2,3,2,3,4>Shop Good is located in one of my favorite areas of OKC: Midtown's 9th street. If you haven't been here, don't hesitate to check it out. Along this quaint community of shops and restaurants, you can find Iguana Lounge, Sara Sara Cupcakes, Pachinko Parlor Sushi, The Womb, and Shop Good all next door to each other confined to a close-knit, local community. In other words, you can eat sushi and Mexican, cupcakes for dessert, visit a very cool and local art gallery, and shop all in the same place. Yes! What better way to spend your Friday night or your Tuesday afternoon? Shop Good is more than just a local clothing store. Shop Good makes it easy for people to give back to the community. Every year Shop Good chooses a charity either done locally or world-wide to benefit. This year, Shop Good has chosen "Sunbeam Family Services" which I believe whole-heartedly to be a great choice. 5% of each purchase is given to Sunbeam along with several events hosted by Shop Good throughout the year to support this cause. Shop Good provides products that are created by charitable manufacturers as well. For example, if a local non-profit makes necklaces, and Shop Good chooses to sell them, then the proceeds would benefit that particular organization. They're also always maintaining a socially responsible and respected reputation while selling great clothes, gifts, and knick-knacks hard to find elsewhere. Where else could you find a Honey Badger Tee, Whiskey After-Shave, Warby Parker Eyewear, and down-right CUTE Oklahoma merchandise? Not to mention, the staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. During my last visit, I was looking for an Oklahoma tee for my Texas-bound brother, and they helped me find the right size and choice for him. It certainly helps that after all that shopping, you're actually benefitting a cause within our community... and there are cupcakes right next door.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2011,3/29/2012,22,5,3,3,1>Pinkitzel is not just a yummy, pretty-in-pink cupcake joint, it's a social movement in OKC with community conscious owners and mangers who dare to put smiles on the faces of those who need to retreat into a delightful imaginary place were the most delicious chocolates reside.  I would dare say that Pinkitzel is one of my favorite stops on the way home from the day spa, not just because I'm still in my lap-of-luxury zone; but also because I know with each purchase I make, I equip the owners to donate to local charitable causes. And yes, I know for sure they donate cupcakes--that's how I discovered them.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2008,3/28/2012,31,16,1,5,3>This quaint little coffee shop is found near the intersection of 150th (or 33rd) and Western. The atmosphere of Vintage is very casual with a modern feel. The service is prompt and excellent and the selection ranges from lattes, expresso, coffee and tea to my personal Summer favorite, the smoofee (frozen yogurt mixed with espresso and a flavor of your choice). Think frappuccino but a lot cooler sounding..The prices are your typical coffee-house price ranging from 12 oz. smoofees for 3.95 to the 20 oz. for 4.95 and 12 oz. lattes for 2.95 to 20 oz. lattes for 3.95. A bit pricey but a definite way to treat yourself and escape from the world. Snacks like donuts, muffins, bagels and cookies are offered as well.Free WiFi is offered which makes Vintage the perfect place to catch up on some reading or work (which is coincidentally what I should be doing right now!), haha. If you are needing a break from a Starbucks-infused world, make a trip to Vintage Timeless Coffee for a java-licious treat!
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,3/27/2012,105,10,,2,3>There is one thing I love more than shopping local & that's shopping local where places support & feature local artists. Talk about a sense of community! Blue 7 is one of those great local shops supporting local artists. They feature a wide selection of jewelry made by local artisans. Their inventory is great for picking out one-of-a-kind pieces that look handmade but not homemade. The quality is high.  Blue 7 also features cool & funky gifts that definitely get your attention and make your gift one to remember. The staff is extremely friendly and professional. They employ the kind of people that make an effort to remember your name when you go back - and go back you should!  There is a wide selection of Tom's shoes there.  Now if you've never tried on a pair of Tom's Shoes you should - your feet will be in for a treat. They score high in the comfort zone without looking like how most 'comfortable' shoes look - low on the fashion scale. Last but not least there is the clothing selection - diverse, stylish, and moderately priced. Overall Blue 7 is a great shopping experience that you can get only here in the 405.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2010,3/22/2012,182,106,,4,1>This review is for the new bar portion of ingrids. They serve excellent beer and wine at reasonable prices. I am so impressed with the knowledgeable staff. The kostritzer is a lovely chalky black lager with complex notes. I also enjoyed a glass of sensation cotes du rhone which was equally complex and paired well with the excellent German food. Soon, they will be adding a liquor section and will not be shelving any well liquor, thank god. As far as he food goes, I continue to be impressed by the food. The german potato salad is the best I have ever had and I've tried a lot of other venues. Anyway, this place is amazing! It's great that it's not busy. The decor is modern but not snobby. I love it. I hope to eat here again soon.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2010,3/21/2012,16,85,,5,2>Excellent service and the prices are reasonable but not inexpensive. The place is spotless and the food is as good as Tex Mex gets in Oklahoma. The decor is charming despite the ads on the tables. I cam in at 4:45 pm and the place was pretty busy. By the time I left an hour later, it was really busy. The patio was brimming with people. The outside are is comfortable and it looked as though they were enjoying Margaritas. It kind of reminds me of a rough-around-the-edges version of Rosarios in San Antonio.I'd call this an excellent place to dine casually.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,3/20/2012,5,6,,3,1>Definitely the newest theater in the metro. It makes a difference. The staff is attentive. I have never seen trash littering even the bathroom floors.I like going here because it doesn't matter what time I arrive before the movie, the staff is quick and efficient at getting me into my auditorium in time for the movie. Everyone is nice.I wouldn't know about concessions. Like most other theaters, snacks are overpriced and generic-- they don't even have real Sour Patch Kids. QUICK TIP: If there is a big line at the concession stands and all you want is a drink, try ordering from the Diner. It's a lot easier.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2012,3/19/2012,92,240,1,3,2>I rarely give 5 stars... ok. I do here and there. But seriously this place deserves it!!! My friend order the burger that is stuffed with blue cheese and loved it. I ordered the frenchman and loved it!! The sweet potato fries were better than any I'd ever had before. Reasonable prices, good service, great food! They have something like 73 different beers on their beer list, and a whole menu just for bloody mary's. This place was a great find!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2012,3/18/2012,34,106,2,4,3>I passed by this elusive little restaurant a hundred times, but never went in until tonight. But, in my defense I've only recently come across disposable income again, so I decided to give it a try.I got a falafel sandwich and some dolmas, and picked up a gyro for my dad. He said it was really good, but I'll never know unless they make a veggie version. My dolmas were tangy and flavorful, and both sandwiches were stuffed pretty full. So no complaints on portions. It isn't a very big restaurant, and seating looks like it could get cramped if it were busy. Parking is a potential issue though. Luckily I didn't have any problems, but the lot isn't very big and getting out is a bit of a chore. Its location seems to be convenient... but I'm not the best judge of that, because I'm not familiar enough with the area and where I live, everything is inconvenient to get to, considering my neighborhood looks like the Blair Witch Project. I definitely want to go back and try more things, but I will say that I'm glad that I've found an excellent replacement restaurant since moving to Norman; i.e. the restaurants I used to frequent are now 1000 miles away and it's time to find some new regulars.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2010,3/16/2012,24,57,2,5,4>This is the BEST chicken. I went at 9 p.m. this evening.  The chicken was smokey, tender, juicy and crunchy. The fries were thick and delicious. The fried bread with the honey on top is part of the meal, but feels like a dessert. I think some people are exaggerating of the potential threat of going here. I wish I would have went earlier instead of thinking of how "dangerous" it would be. This neighborhood is like any inner city neighbor hood in a big city, but it is in OKLAHOMA. This is not , New York, DC, Detroit, or LA. Please support a local businessman and do not discriminate based on the physical location.  The chicken is wonderful in every possible way. Don't go at 2 a.m. if you don't want to be around the after club crowd. They open at 6 p.m. on Fri and Sat.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2007,3/15/2012,33,72,,3,1>Newly opened. Nice little place with good decor and most friendly folks. I suggest the Rice Box. Plentful. Rice, Bamboo shoots and pork (other entries available but only one I have tried) wonton, spring roll, Egg Drop Soup. They have good coffee. They are big on the Boba. If you are wanting some give it a try and let us know.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,7/13/2012,45,165,4,6,3>Yummers! If you're looking for beer, this would be a great place. If you're looking for yummy food, ditto. If you're looking for a ton of televisions to watch some sports, this is it. Everything I've had here has been pretty tasty, and it's much better than your typical sports bar food. I don't generally care for fish and chips, but their version was tasty. Their french fries are quite addictive. If you are looking for an appetizer, the chicken nachos aren't too heavy (it's not a big mound of nachos). I've had their burgers and they are also pretty solid. Here's a tip, if you want to watch a game in a semi-private setting, they have a patio with plastic couches surrounding televisions. If you want to watch a game there, you should try to arrive about an hour before the game starts. That works out well, so you can start with your drinks and appetizers early...
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,7/12/2012,19,48,,5,1>I'm so glad I live in a town with a place as perfect as the Candy Basket.  The owners are kind, helpful and remember you each time you walk in the door.  They have everything from handcrafted Moonstruck chocolates to Jelly Bellies.  It's crowded, it's tasty, and their gift selection is fantastic.  I always spend wayyyyyyyy too much money in this place.  But it's always worth it!
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2011,7/11/2012,37,5,,4,1>A little over three months have past since my first review and I'm happy to say that I am now getting some of the best sleep I've had since about a year ago when my back pain started. Before my treatments, I could barely go a night without tossing and turning, only to wake- up stiff as a board and often fatigued. Now I sleep through the night without waking up once and rise out of the bed feeling refreshed and energized. My recommendation for anyone visiting January Chiropractic, or any chiropractor for that matter, is to understand it's a process. And though I may not be 'cured' I am definitely feeling 100x better. So good luck to anyone out there looking to mend chronic pains. Your path to better health may not end at January but I'd say it's definitely a great starting point.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2012,7/10/2012,145,175,,1,1>We usually carry out lunch, and they're super fast and friendly. The atmosphere in the restaurant isn't great, but they make up for it in delicious, fresh sushi--the best in Oklahoma City.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,7/9/2012,12,34,3,3,4>Don't fear the south side!I was in charge of at one dinner at the lake house a couple weekends ago and I always aim to impress, especially on the grill. So I asked around and was lead to this place in my search for the best carne asada. This is a small meat market on the south side that caters to Mexican Americans. What I didn't know was that it is actually a small chain that has a bunch of stores throughout Texas. I was there for their meat so I bee-lined to the back. They have a great butcher with all sorts of carne asada to select from. They also have a small selection of fruits and vegetable as well as the best corn and flour tortilla selection. They also have basic groceries and a small bakery. The day came, my grill and I did a magical dance together and it came out wonderfully. After I pulled it off the grill along with some veggies, I chopped it all up & my friends made up their own taco of sorts. I'm going to brush up on my high school Spanish and make a return trip but maybe ask for more adventurous suggestions next time. I am sure they will more than accommodating to this gringo.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,7/8/2012,123,113,3,3,2>Yes, I've heard the comments about hit or miss cleanliness. Yes, it's an old building. Yes, you can throw a rock (if you're Willie Mays) and hit a dozen other places serving pho. Still, this is my fave.First, there's no BS attempts at Westernizing anything. I prefer my ethnic foods with a capital "E". Second, the broth (everything else is secondary in pho) is richer and more robust than anywhere else I've tried in town. Third, even though my copy of "The Preppy Handbook" is tattered and Scotch-stained, pink and green is possibly the world's greatest color combination.Finally, how can you not love a place that (if my facts are correct) was once upon a time a fish stand employing a certain local celebrity rocker? Ain't nobody NOT got time for that!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2011,7/7/2012,59,44,,2,1>I would definitely recommend the whispering pines restuarant. Beautiful location. Very romantic atmosphere. We had the smoked salmon for an appetizer. I had the pork tenderloin and my date had the new york strip. Both entrees came with fresh vegetables and potatoes. Everything was so delicious! We thought the prices were fair for the quality of the food, which was top notch. They had a great selection of wine and a cocktails. We had great service and can't wait to go back.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,7/6/2012,17,47,,3,1>A bit pricey, but it is worth it! Since living in Tucson, I have been waiting to have wonderful authentic Mexican food again and finally found it. You can tell that the salsa is fresh. It is so nice to taste food that doesn't come straight out of a box. The tamales are wonderful. Don't forget to ask for your complimentary starter and sopapilla .
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,7/5/2012,24,135,,8,1>This place has been an OKC staple for years. It's tucked in South of Target and a little off the beaten path. Last weekend my wife and I decided to buy each other bikes for our Anniversary. We went in here and they had bikes from $300 to $6000. We had some models in mind and the owner talked us through our options. Fortunately the model my wife wanted was out of stock, so we test road a few they had in stock. We found the perfect one for her, but we still dropped by another store to ride the one she originally wanted. Wheeler Dealer listened to us, recommended the perfect bike for her, and let us ride anything we wanted in his shop. We returned and bought the bikes he recommended. They cleaned them up and fitted us to them. Great service and longtime local owner.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,7/4/2012,139,130,5,11,3>Even though this bar is within stumbling distance of my home, I was skeptical- mainly because I didn't know what to expect from a bar in Yukon that shares a parking lot with a 7-11.  What a nice surprise-- it was clean, open, and had so many drink options I fear JoJo's may become partially responsible for my future 12 step programs. Thursday night is pint night- buy a pint, keep the glass.  They only find out the day of what the special will be, but if you call the lovely staff will tell you what it is.  They ran lots of specials during the Thunder games, and there are plenty of TVs to  help you catch the game.  Speaking of specials, they have $1 mimosas on Sundays-- did someone say Sunday Funday? Only downside is that they don't serve brunch on Sundays to go with it, I think that needs to change.One note: Would love a few more food options, but with so many drink choices, I don't mind coming over after dinner to knock back a few.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,4/22/2013,27,106,4,12,6>I like to smoke.  Meats that is.  And after reading the great reviews of Kamp's I decided to check them out.I was looking to impress a lady friend with my cooking skills, and decided to do some pulled pork.  For this, you need a good, somewhat fatty cut of pork shoulder.  Previous attempts using meat bought at local grocers was somewhat lacking.  I was never able to get the "falling off the bone" texture I was after.  So I went to Kamp's.  It's a small place, and they didn't have what I wanted in the display case.  I told the man behind the counter what I was after and he immediately told me what I needed.  After a short trip to the back room, he emerged with a beautiful chunk of pig.  Nice and marbled with fat, and about six pounds which is the perfect size.I spiced it up and threw it in the smoker in the wee hours of Sunday morning.  Ten hours later, it emerged a porkalicious work of art.  The meat fell off the bone and was tender and juicy.  Since I didn't change my cooking method, I'm convinced that Kamp's either has access to Magical Pigs, or at least a superior quality of meat.  And it tasted fantastic, on a par with anything I can get at a local BBQ.Amazingly, I didn't pay a premium price for this premium cut of pork.  Kamp's is a bit of a drive for me, but I'll be buying my meat there from now on when I break out the smoker.  Dinner was a success, and I'm looking forward to leftovers!
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,4/21/2013,25,48,5,5,4>So Saii, you and I have known each other for some time now. I've managed to visit you three times this week and I feel like I've finally got to really know you now. Here's my opinion of you in three short, but ultimately powerful words: I love you.The last couple times I've visited you I got the delightful experience of getting to try your delicious Red Curry. Unfortunately, I can't rate you above five stars but know you're an eleven in my heart. I've been to so many places that advertise that their curry is going to be spicy and have had my heart broken many times, but I decided to take a chance and put my heart in your hands. You cherished it and loved me. Thank you for that.On a previous visit I tried your Spicy Noodles and you did not disappoint. It was love at first bite and I knew I would be coming back for more. I'd probably give this four and a half stars, five if it had just a little more kick, but I realize not everyone has the cast iron stomach I was blessed with.Every time I come here I see the volcano chicken on the menu. Finally I pulled the trigger and placed the order. To my surprise the server brought out a clay pot and poured a strange liquid into it. This seemed normal and then he lit it on fire! I give you a five for flavor and a ten for presentation.Your service has been impeccable and friendly. At this point they're starting to recognize me and I'm not sure if that's a good thing or not. It may be a sign of my addiction to you. I don't care. I'm going to come back and order more delicious curry until I'm banned from seeing you again.I'll be back. I promise.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,4/20/2013,56,4,,3,3>Love this place! All locations.This restaurant is very new-age, in that there is no paper, all transactions are completed on iPads. Fantastic idea by me! Saves tons of paper! The food here is fantastic. I think I've had almost everything on the menu (at all locations). The bread is fantastic, nothing like it around here. The chicken sandwich, #4 is my go-to!
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,4/19/2013,182,106,3,4,2>A beautiful restaurant though a little hard to find, (Buy a bigger sign people!), was a great spot to celebrate my grandmother's 89th birthday. Our server, Andrew, went out of his way to make this a great birthday for her. A large table of us enjoyed tasty ribs, brisket, and fried chicken. Everyone seemed pleased with their food. Dinner was finished with homemade pie. Our server explained that the dough, filling, and whipped cream was all homemade! I'm looking forward for more tasty-goodness from Boneyard Grill!
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,4/18/2013,150,56,1,1,1>Absolutely love this comic shop. Tyler is usually working on Wednesdays, and he always treats the customers right.They keep a good stock of comics, and will have the variant covers you're looking for.One time, Batman Incorporated #8 was completely sold out, but Tyler kept one stashed for me behind the counter. Hell yeah.Bring your friends and kids.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,4/17/2013,26,75,,1,1>Since I recently moved to the area, I figured I had to try the new pizza place everyone was buzzing about and I'm glad I did. This small location fills up quickly so come early if you don't want to wait as they do not take reservations. When we went I think they may have been having some kitchen issues because the dining area seemed a little smokey. It was quite loud but that is to be expected with such a small place as this. We had house salads and the chicken alfredo pizza, both were great and decently priced if you are splitting with other people. Service was excellent as well and they have an okay beer selection.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,4/16/2013,65,47,,10,5>Disclaimer: I HATE RUNNING! Now that's out of the way I understand I need to do it to maintain a healthy lifestyle. I don't know anything about it, except move your legs really fast. I have heard people talk about how great Red Coyote running was before, but to experience on my own was a whole different story. Immediately when I walked in I was greeted. The gentleman asked me what could he help me with and I replied I just want to make running less of a chore. He then recommend that I do their assessment thing they have for feet. I figured I was going to just stand on some electronic scale and they would inform me that I have flat feet (trust me, I already know that information) but nope, they had me run on an actual treadmill barefoot and took photos on how my feet landed and gave me some great information about why and how I run like I do. Of course I was expecting them to now go in the back and pull or the most expensive space age shoe they could find. That didn't happen they actually brought out several (I mean I had a stack) of reasonably price shoes. They had me try each one on then go back on the treadmill to test drive them. They took several minutes of their time making sure I had the right shoe, which just blew my mind. They were not pushy and didn't try to up sale me on anything extra. That made me want to spend more money (I got socks...you can never have too many socks). Finally, they put what shoe I bought and other info into their computer so the next time I come in I can just get my shoes and go. I came out with a huge smile on my face and they have gain a customer for life.Last thing, they also offer beginning running classes for the uninformed like myself. They do it twice a year (I missed the first one, but hope to get in on the second one) and from what I hear is if you stick with it you will be able to run in a 5k after its all over.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,4/15/2013,107,12,3,4,3>I remember when this place first opened. I heard about it before it opened! "Did you know some Westmoore alumni are opening a place on campus corner?" I was elated. I was proud. Jaguars for life! I started going, but I sadly didn't go very often as a student. I'd venture down there, but I felt it was "too far" from the buildings where my classes were. As someone that didn't live on campus and worked or volunteered during any free time I had, I would make this place a special treat for me. During my graduating semester, I made it a point to come here often. Something drew me to it, and I felt comfort being there. Senior year can be hard because you reflect on things you wish you did in college. My biggest wish was that I came here more often and befriended the baristas before graduating into the real world. Currently working in Norman and taking a few classes again, I'm glad I spent all those hours there. I still have the same feeling of comfort and am warmed by delicious vanilla lattes and chai teas. Their Nutella cinnamon roll kicks all cinnamon rolls in the butt, and I will honestly say I dream about it. As I type this, I don't remember the last time I had one! My taste buds are having withdrawals. When you go in, get to know the staff. They love their customers and will love you even if you're new.Warning: when you learn their names, there really are 3 Ashleys. I thought I was being insensitive when I only remembered meeting Ashley, but it's Ashleigh, Ashley, Ashley, Ashley, etc. JK, I don't know how to spell them, but there are 3.Sit back, relax, enjoy the awesome playlist as you devour some awesome sweets. Keep an eye out for the Nutella cinnamon roll. Your heart will thank you.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,4/14/2013,141,13,,8,5>I was lucky enough to get an invite to a sneak preview lunch of Packard's a few days before they opened.  They've clearly put a lot of care into choosing the tasteful surfaces, fixtures and seating.  It's really beautiful in there.  The menu has a nice assortment of apps/sandwiches/mains.  I had the Pasta Ya Ya: Penne with chicken, andouille sausage and veg in a mildly spicy cream sauce.  My dining companion had the Black Bean Beet Burger with Quinoa Salad.  Both were very delicious.  I live right next door to this place and anticipate that I'll be trying everything on the menu this spring/summer.  They have a great rooftop deck that I hope turns into a frequent happy hour meet up spot.  I recognized one of the bartenders and talked with him a bit about their planned cocktail menu...should be very special.  All in all, a wonderful addition to Midtown.  Welcome to the hood Packard's!
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,4/13/2013,45,165,2,4,2>Thank you Yelp for bringing me here. With the line going outside the door, we typically would have walked away, but the reviews, they kept us. So the waiting, it helped give us time to pick what we wanted before we made it to the counter to order. There are so many options that you will quickly realize you will have to return. It's almost overwhelming, but in a good way. With the fabulous drinks, you may want to get a gamelan going. I had a chicken and a shredded beef taco. Both were incredibly flavorful. My husband had the chimichanga which came with beans and pico. While we were waiting , we had chips and guacamole. We rarely finish a basket of chips, but we lost self control. There is outdoor seating, so when the weather allows, you can add people watching as another bonus. Welcome Yucatan Taco Stand!
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,12/21/2012,26,33,,2,1>I had a fantastic lunch at Tuckers today. My co-worker and I were looking for a new burger joint and decided to hit up Tuckers. It's a pretty simple menu, but everything we had was fantastic. We both had a single burger with cheese. My co-worker mentioned how tasty the bun was, which we later found out was made locally. The fries were nice and crispy. We finished everything off with a Strawberry Limeade. I'm looking forward to trying a milkshake next time I go!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,12/20/2012,104,71,,4,1>I'm sure I'm not alone in instantly dropping the last 3/4 of "Syrup: A breakfast boutique's" name.  I don't know if they are like "A Tribe Called Quest" or what, but I, for one, have completely internalized their name as just Syrup.Besides, everything in here screams "boutique", from the small menu, to the minimalist yet polished decor, to the attentive waitstaff.The atmosphere is nice, on one hand I like decor- it isn't an eyesore.  A large section of wall covered in what looks like reclaimed wood highlights otherwise sterile eggshell colored walls with simple chandeliers.  With the exception of a few benches, the dining room furniture is hodge-podge, but comfortable.  On the other hand the entire space is open and crowded with free standing tables- the lack of anything cushy to absorb sound waves give Syrup all the ambience of an institutional cafeteria.The food is better, obviously.  I had a frittata.  They were able to serve it without the meat, which, by the way, is probably the closest thing they have to a meatless meal, if you're vegetarian looking for something other than carbs and sugar.  No complaints, it was done quite well.  I also got a single pancake with strawberries to round out my meal and share with my GF and it was also delicious.  We got a pair of coffees, two entrees, and a pancake, somehow my wallet is $30 lighter now.  Oh well, I shouldn't be surprised...it says "Boutique" right on the sign.Syrup has a certain intangible that makes it different than all the other destinations on Main St.- it makes no attempt to connect with the "old downtown Main" ethos.  It's not a mom n' pop looking store, It wasn't designed to look like it's been there for 35 years, there's no theta burger or dishes named after football coaches, there's no signs from classic norman institutions on the walls, and they unapologetically sell higher quality food.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,12/19/2012,12,49,,2,1>This Pizza Hut turned failed restaurant turned Asian mainstay in Norman is in a strange location, but it brings a much needed presence of better dining to the east side. They offer a nice variety of Asian food options, from sushi to curry to stir fry. The place is pretty small and does stay busy, so expect a wait or opt for their nicely done patio (just be prepared for the noise & smell of a busy, fast-food filled intersection. The restaurant was also very hot inside. I'm normally the girl who puts on a cardigan the second she gets inside a restaurant, but I was even starting to sweat in here. The service was very good. Our server was friendly and helpful, answering questions and offering suggestions. She was quick with refills too.As for the food, I would probably only give it 3.5 stars. The tempura shrimp and veggie platter we started with was not actually tempura. They used some sort of breadcrumb (not even panko) and fried it until it tore up your mouth like Cap'n Crunch cereal. The tako salad was well done, good flavor without overpowering spice. The college roll was pretty good, but too sweet overall. I swear the sauce on top (which was not listed on the menu description) was honey mustard. It had "tempura" shrimp inside too. The thunder roll was good, with several great ingredients, but alas the whole roll was "tempura" fried. The angel roll was the best thing on the table. It was very fish focused with little distraction, which made it stand out as simply well done sushi.I really want to try other things that don't include tempura now because the tables around us were filled with delicious looking plates of fried rice, sushi and more. For the so so food experience, I definitely want to return still.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,12/18/2012,1,7,1,4,2>Awesome place; great people; fantastic food, teas, lattes & slurpies. Chicken Katsu or General's Chicken are the best for traditional plates. Lo Mien is off the hook. "Sizzling Plate Udon" with seafood is a constant staple in my diet!Hard to beat anything here. They have introduced lattes to their menu but considering they take abit longer, sometimes they don't post them on the counter. This is a true family business, run by a great couple. They are super nice and will bend over backwards to make you feel welcome and happy. My wife and I make it a point to come here weekly just to check on them and see how they are doing. On the bonus, she is a piano teacher as well as a language teacher (Chinese)!!!!
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2012,12/17/2012,31,66,,1,1>Every time my boyfriend and I visit whiskey chicks, we have the best time!  Kevin and Levi are premium.  They even have a new menu and I tasted the grilled veggie wrap and it's delish and the crack tots are a must try - drizzled with white truffle oil and parmesan cheese.  My honey loves the wings here.  Live music is good.  And we usually have to take a cab home because the cocktails are fabulous!Best Bar in OKC!
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2012,12/16/2012,56,175,,2,1>I love Big Truck. Very rarely do I sit down and eat, but we often call in an order and bring it home since we live nearby. They have a surprise daily taco called the fifth amendment (they tell you what it was the next day on Facebook). I like to get the Borracho chicken and the crispycado (a fried avacado!). The white queso is also very good. The staff seem to enjoy their job and there seems to be a lot of hip, local culture. They are open for breakfast too, and have some pretty yummy breakfast tacos.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,12/15/2012,0,10,,1,1>I love The Garage! Delicious burgers and fries. Lots of food for the price. I also really like their green chili tacos. So good and not something you can find at a lot of places. The atmosphere is super cool and laid back. You order at the counter and then find a table to wait. Every time I've been we received our food in a timely manner. We went to watch 2012 Thunder playoff games and the place was PACKED. One time we got the last available table, back in the corner by the bathrooms. Not ideal, but it is awesome to see this place succeeding and becoming a local hot spot. I'm a big fan!
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,12/14/2012,19,10,,1,1>Fantastic menu and very economically priced.  I had a reuben and it was just the right size and tasted great.  I also was tempted by the large selection of cookies...and tasted their sugar cookie and sm'oore cookie...both fantastic!  It would take someone a while to try everything on the menu.  What are some of the favorites of regulars?
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,12/13/2012,76,55,,3,2>Hands down the best Italian restaurant I've visited in 15yrs.  This is truly a family ownder restaurant with family members serving and in the kitchen.  The owner was all over the place including the kitchen monitoring and directing.  The wine selection is good &  reasonable.  we watched wood fire cooked pizza, our italian sausage was cook on a grill as we watched 15ft away.  The chix was flavorfull....I mean damn good!  The linguini amd red sauce was 2nd to none.  Ate like 2 fat men for about $90 which includes bottle of wine, appetizer and dinner  YOU CANT GO WRONG!
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,12/12/2012,26,51,,2,2>Easily the best Mediterranean restaurant in town.  I discovered this gem roughly 2 years ago when I moved to the area, and I've been in love with Sinbads ever since. The buffet cost roughly $9.99 plus tax, and offers an array of options, including plenty of vegetarian options. I can never get enough of the Chicken Tikka Marsala, or the banana pudding. It's located the parking of GattiTown, and LifeChurch, in a huge parking lot, so it's easy to overlook. The waitstaff, and the owners are very approachable, and attentive. There's a separate area with a full service bar, and hookah bar, with lounge seating. Be sure to check this place out. You definitely will not be disappointed!
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,3/22/2013,93,253,4,3,2>This place is pretty rad. It's totally got that annoying hipster vibe, but the food makes up for it. Lets put it this way: lots of people named after seasons at this place.....again though, get past that cause the food and pastries rock!My favorite thing: fried green tomato Benedict. The breading on those tomatoes is, for lack of better expression, awesome!. They don't go overboard on the hollandaise, the muffin is fresh....what more could you want?Avoid some of the juices unless you enjoy eating grass.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,3/21/2013,92,240,,5,4>We stopped in late one night for a bite and a drink. My friend and I shared a sandwich, which was really good. The bread was crusty and chewey and mmmm.We loved it. Truly loved it. The wine was spot on. The service was impeccable. I really wish I lived closer and had more of a social life, so I could go to Urban Wine works more.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,3/20/2013,63,141,,4,3>This is a great, casual family-run place to grab a delicious onion burger. I know they have other things on their menu, but that's all I've ever gotten here.The onions, man I just want to ask for extra on the side so I can eat more of them. So sweet and delicious!This is a no frills place, but that's part of it's charm.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,3/19/2013,52,80,6,3,4>When it comes to asian restaurants one of the factors that weighs heavily in my decision making process is the size of the fish in the tank.  Inevitably, there will be a fish tank...and size does matter.  The bigger the fish the better the food.  Think about it.  Pho Lien Hoa...big fish, excellent food (though I think the big fish recently died).  It works until it doesn't, it's not an exact science (for example, Bahooka's huge carrot eating fish...not super good food...but the drinks are drunk and no one knows what I'm talking about when I'm talking about Bahookas) DIGRESSION (sorry).The food here is great if you are looking for chinese food...authentic chinese food and american style chinese food (there are menus for both).  We always order a round of crispy pork for the table...it's like ordering a pitcher of sangria at a tapas bar.  no it's not really, but it should be.  I'm going to say it one more time CRISPY PORK (the meat that comes off that pig hanging in the case). YUM.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,3/18/2013,357,648,6,8,6>I've been waiting for this place to open up and the great wait is over!I didn't feel like eating out for lunch today, but I had something to return at the mall and thought some mall exercise would do me good during my lunch break. Since I was running low on gas, I took the surface roads to seek out a gas station selling gas for less then $3.00/gallon. Before I reached 711 on Classen, I called an audible and pulled into the VII parking lot.I was greeted by a pretty petite women who asked if I wanted a booth or table. She sat me at a table close to the kitchen opening and left me with a menu. I looked around the dining area and marveled at the clean, but colorful interior. Great booths with floral patterned cushions. Red and cream walls (to represent OU maybe?) and cute paintings hung along the walls. One side of the wall contained a small bar area with a flat screen TV and beautiful cream tiled back splash. The dark colored tables and chairs complimented the room really well! The menu contained a variety of Chinese & Vietnamese items. Pho, Bun, Rice, Chicken, Beef, Pork.... It was all there and cost anywhere from $7.99-$12.99 per plate. The spring rolls cost $3.99 for 2 pieces. Pho cost $6.99 for a small bowl. My server came by quickly and asked what I wanted to drink. I opted for a plain ice tea. So vanilla (all you 50 Shades readers will know what I mean!) After he came back, I asked him what he would suggest I get if I was looking for a light meal. He suggested their Pho. I wasn't really in the Pho mood, but for whatever reason I ordered my usual Pho Dac Biet. My veggie platter came first and I was super surprised to see that they gave you Saw Leafs! This was the first Pho place that I have been to in OKC that offered this yummy herb, so I was ecstatic beyond belief. Moments later my piping hot Pho came. My meat was semi rare and left to cook inside the broth. Cilantro and scallions were sprinkled nicely on top. I added all my fixins and took a sip. I have to say that I am no Pho expert, but the flavors were unmistakably rich, noodles thin and not over cooked and the veggies complimented my soup. Not bad!After I finished my meal, my waiter came by to ask how everything was. I told him how excited I was to check this place out and was impressed with the Saw Leafs and decor. He brought over one of the owners (the lady who took me to my seat) and told me she wanted to keep everything clean, especially with the large open window so patrons could see inside the kitchen. A little history lesson I learned today:  I guess the original owner of Pho Hoa retired and sold the place to a new person who renamed it Pho Lien Hoa. The son of the retired owner took his dad's recipe here to VII and is a real stickler when it comes to authentic Pho. Did some research and found that the NY Times wrote about the OG Pho Hoa back in 2007. Very cool! I am a fan for now and hope to be converted after I taste some of the chinese dishes. Guess the whole losing 15 lbs thing won't happen as soon as I thought it would.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,3/17/2013,52,81,2,4,3>You have got to give this place a try! Great atmosphere and very friendly staff.. you honestly get the feel of a small little Italy type restaurant where the owner comes out and laughs with you and the food is so authentic! "NOT off the SYSCO truck" as my husband would like to say. I promise this is worth the try! And as a semi-vegetarian, that is saying a lot.. the menu is fantastic!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,3/16/2013,8,26,,4,1>The Spa at 10 North is 5 star when it comes to Swedish massage, and Amy is part of that reputation. I have been looking for a place to get a massage for about a month, and even reading Yelp reviews to find the right place. While other places had more reviews and great ratings, I wasn't sure they were what I would be comfortable with as I am a bit of a priss.  On Friday I decided I needed a massage immediately.  If I had to make an appointment for a week out, my frugal self would decide it was an extravagance I couldn't afford so I was very pleased when The Spa said they had a Friday afternoon appointment available for a one hour Swedish massage.  I didn't ask how much because I just wanted to enjoy a relaxing moment for myself.  The Spa is inside the Renaissance downtown, but they offer free valet parking to spa guests.  They were busy Friday when I got there just before 3 and the valet said he would have to park the car and give them a call when I was done, because it would take 10 minutes to bring it around.  If they aren't busy, they leave the car out front so you won't wait.  Spa check in is in a small room away from the actual massage area. Amy met me in the check in area and walked me over to our massage room.  She was pleasant and friendly.  Her massage was FANTASTIC.  She is thorough and applies the right amount of pressure.  I didn't realize it, but I was beginning to doze off because when she was instructing me to roll over, I was drooling!!! Do not mistake this to mean her massage was too soft.  She was kneading my muscles.  The roll over was handled with respect and grace on her part. She must be accustomed to very relaxed customers, half asleep, trying to roll over without exposing themselves or falling off the table. Sigh, and too soon, the massage was over. I was booked for an hour massage and I received a full 57 minutes of relaxation! The massage was $85 and I left her a $15 tip, not quite the customary 20%, but I will next time.  I also tipped the valet $2 bringing my massage to $102.  A bit pricey to this full time pharmacy student, but worth every penny.  My neck is tender to the touch this morning, but there the tension in my neck and shoulders is gone.  I will be going back for sure.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,3/15/2013,106,224,,1,2>Very awesome local shop! Employees are very helpful, and they sell lots of cute headwear for the cold winter months. I love crotched headbands and big hats, and they have them here! I also got some TOMS shoes here for the entire family for 36 bucks each when they had their shoe sale :)
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,3/14/2013,125,125,,3,4>Yes it is located where Western Ave. starts to get sketchy, but if you consider yourself any kind of vinyl collector this place is a must. The prices are great. The records our vast. I've yet to go through the entire store.  I love reading the little description notes on some of the records.Sample Note:Flin Flon's A-OK says "Alright... another Mark Robinson project this one is amazing. Sounds as good as later Unrest LPs (Imperial/Perfect Teeth), but with a bit more of a rockin' new wavish feel. Doesn't have the over production of Air Miami 'MeMeMe'. Very good!!! If your thinking about checking this out you should!"I don't know who writes these, (I suspect Jim) or they might just print a quote they like off the internets, but I enjoy reading them. Even when there not all that flattering to the artist and totally disagree, (like with my God Help the Girl, album.) I still enjoy reading it. I know this might make the place sound a bit too pretentious, trust me it's much to helpful and friendly to be that. The store is a little disheveled and hodge-podge, but it really has it's own personality. I think it far succeeds any record stores in more major markets, especially on price. Plus the shop owners are really friendly, and are actually interested in music, and usually one of the owners are there, and want to help you. It's not just people that work at record store, because it makes them look cool or something.    Mostly I tag along with my husband and friends, when we go here, because my husband is such an audiofile, I have to ask him if we have something before I buy it. (Unless it's something I know he'll never buy, like Beruit or Tennis.)I browse the toy section from time to time, with Kidrobot items, art books, t-shirts and a variety of pop soda that only, "Pops" in Arcadia can rival. So even if your not into records, there's plenty to keep you entertained.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,3/13/2013,28,110,,8,4>The cleanest bowling alley in town has to be Heritage Lanes!  It looks like they have recently updated the carpets, balls, shoes, and floors. The staff is very helpful and friendly.  The restrooms are really clean too.  There is a large bar and food service area. It is really busy on Friday and Saturday nights for cosmic/glow bowl.  Based on the sign out front they offer several different types of leagues.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,11/10/2012,111,61,,1,2>You know what? This is one of those places where I always leave asking myself, "why don't I eat here more often?" The chips are fantastic, the queso is the perfect bit of spicy, and they're always so nice.We always eat dinner here before basketball games or events at whatever the large stadium is named right now. This time, we had dinner before the Batman Arena Tour. Which, on a side note, was pretty dang cool.I'm a beef fajita guy. Sure the full order is a bit pricy, but it'll fill two people easily. The onions are caramelized perfectly and the beef has a bit of a sweet taste to them, almost a teriyaki taste. I'm not sure of the marinade, but I'd drink the stuff if they gave me a bottle.Order you a draft Mexican beer with the works. You know, lime and salt ALL OVER a HUGE glass, so good. I think a big beer like that makes the food taste better, or at least has me enjoying the food more. :)
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,11/9/2012,1,6,,2,1>Amazing place to get delicious thick crust pizza. MY FAVORITE!! Every time i'm craving a pizza i venture out to this place.They will make anything you want, if they have the ingredients. They have all sorts of different cheeses. My favorite is going in a requesting them to make something completely random. It usually turns out pretty amazing. The prices aren't half bad, and the service is always great.Everything always fresh!
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,11/8/2012,11,10,5,5,4>AMAZING PIZZA!!!!! It's safe to say that I LOVE this place. It's very hipster and indie, so chill and quiet at night. Sometimes they have local musicians come and play outside during the day which is really nice to chill to while enjoying a big slice of their pizza. I like their outdoor seating but they also have seating inside.The first time I went, I tried their Margherita pizza which is a classic Italian pizza with mozzarella, tomatoes, basil, etc. It was so DELICIOUS!!! Their pizzas are more authentic to the original Italian style which I love. So you can expect fresh ingredients, thin crust, and less sauce. I've also tried their Spartacus which is like a supreme veggie pizza. It was good but not as good as their Margherita. If you're thristy, grab yourself some of their Italian cream soda. Most places I've been to before only had vanilla, orange, and maybe blackberry but sauced goes all out with their flavors. I didn't even know their soda came in so many flavors. I got the raspberry cream soda which is to die for!!! I was so sad when I ran out, I'm actually starting to crave some right now...  My friend got the peach cream soda which was good but I'm not a huge fan of peach in the 1st place so don't trust my opinion and make you think it isn't as good. Overall, Sauced has turned into my #1 pizza place in OKC!
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2012,11/7/2012,7,6,,1,1>Awesome place to "get away" from your mundane, average city foods. Think of it like an organic subway... wrap and salad style! They have tons of wraps/salads you can choose from and the make it for you right there. Also, everything is fresh and organic... so awesome! Then, if you're still hungry, they have a frozen yogurt flavor of the day and several toppings you can put with it, not to mention smoothies and the like!The atmosphere is awesome and it seems like a place you would find in downtown San Francisco, but definitely not Oklahoma City. My husband and I talked about how we didn't even feel like we were in OKC anymore. The people are also extremely helpful and always greet you with a smile. It's a great place for families, possibly a date, or to even meet up with a friend. The only downside for me is that it's a little pricey, but when you see what you're getting and the quality you're getting... price doesn't really seem to matter anymore.
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,11/6/2012,26,75,,2,1>You like beef jerky? Well look no further than The Beef Jerky Emporium. They have an excellent selection of beef, pork, fish jerky and more along with salsas, hot sauces, pickled items and some really good steaks. Only drawback I see is it is on the corner of May and Britton so it can be a pain to get out some times.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,11/5/2012,99,28,,2,1>I am totally a fan of Louie's Grill & Bar. I can't express how cheap their prices are. They're cheap! If you're looking for a sit-down non-expensive place with great food and drinks, Louie's is the place to be! I have been to every Louie's around the OKC Metro area and I am a fan. They have a light menu that allows you to eat healthy for cheap, but they also have classics like amazing pizzas and wraps. I wouldn't necessarily classify myself as picky, but I usually eat the same thing every time I go to Louie's. I eat the blackened chicken with caesar salad on top with a cup of their soup of the day. My only complaint in this department would be I wish their soups were bigger. Even for a side soup at $1.99 they aren't that big, but most of the time i'm never charged. If you want to eat healthy, but feel you need a little kick I would recommend the blackened chicken with caesar salad on the top (they might question what you are really wanting because they took it off the menu months ago, but still make it for me each time I visit).   The Louie's Bar & Grill staff is a little peppy in the afternoons, but one can only expect that being right next to the University of Oklahoma. Overall, this is a good staple to have. Don't be fooled though. This Louie's does not have french fries (most of my friends are shocked by this! Just get the soup instead, just as good and probably more filling!)
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2012,11/4/2012,357,648,5,9,4>I'm on a quest to find a decent Chinese restaurant in Oklahoma. Chow's did not disappoint! I honestly forgot what province the family is from, but I do know the cooking style is Cantonese. We ordered:  (1)  Quail Appetizer (2)  Beef Chow Mein (crispy style noodles- hoping that it would be similar to what we had in SF, but sadly far from it) (3)  Salt & Pepper Chicken (4)  Garlic Green BeansEverything came out piping hot. The quail was super crispy and came with a salt and pepper dip which is to DIE for. I especially enjoyed the salt and pepper chicken because it had just the right amount of seasoning. My favorite was the green beans!!If you're a fan of garlic then you will be pleasantly surprised. They actually use chunks of garlic cloves in their dishes, which is sometimes nice because you can either avoid them all together or indulge -just avoid speaking to anyone after the meal :P
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,11/3/2012,93,253,5,13,4>This place rocks. I was skeptical at first, but after many meals here, it is safe to say it is AWESOME! It is owned and operated by this guy who makes awesome sushi! Its cheap and delicious!This is the one of the best sushi bars in OKC. Surprisingly though, some of their cheaper rolls, i.e. avocado roll, aren't that good. What you need to go for are the "Chef Recommended" rolls. These are amazing. These specialty rolls max out on cost at around $8, and they rival ANY roll at sushi Neko or Saii. I consider myself a sushi snob and enthusiast. I have had sushi in Tokyo, and all around the world, so I like to think I have a good pallate for sushi :P, and this place is one of the more memorable experiences. It is a hole-in the wall, mom and pop sushi joint that will likely grow and become a sushi power house, like Neko or Saii. Mark my words, if it keeps going this will become super well known in OKC.GO HERE!
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,11/2/2012,52,80,,4,1>I've noticed some mixed reviews of Flips and I think it's important to note right up front that for me, Flips is 4 stars when I order the Chicken Parmesan.  I'm going to put it out there that Flips can be hit or miss.  For example, I recently went to Flips and deviated from my usual, ordering the bruschetta salad.  It was edible, but not something I would choose to try again.  I am a creature of habit and I am also a little superstitious, so when I break from usual habits I'm not surprised when I'm punished with disappointment for having done so.  That is to say, I am taking full responsibility here for foregoing my standard plate and ordering the bruschetta salad over the Chicken Parm.  You just can't eff with Flips Chicken Parmesan.  That buttery linguine pairs so well with the crunchy, chewy, slightly tangy breaded and cheesy chicken.  Do yourself a favor and order it already...but stay away from the bruschetta salad.  You've been warned.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,11/1/2012,92,240,2,5,1>So instead of swearing this is my new nail salon, I am going to just simply say, I am happy with my nails today. I wear acrylic nails, and I have since I was about 15, so a lot of years, since I've turned 29 more than once. I've gone all over this city in search of someone that will do a good job on my nails. So I decided that I wasn't going to travel far for another junky nail fill.  I like thin, natural looking nails. I am not sure why this is so hard to accomplish in OKC, however up until today, it was mission impossible. The gentleman that did my nail fill today listened. He heard me say "I can't stand thick nails" and BAM! No more thick, bubbly, lop-sided nails. The fill was advertised to be $13. Even though he did a "cut down" and fixed like 3, I was still only charged $13. He was attentive and didn't push a design or a pedicure, or anything else. Just listened to what I wanted, and delivered. I will continue to give this nail joint another chance.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,6/21/2013,93,112,9,9,9>Thankfully the old Harold's Outlet and then Iron Star Barbecue occupying this space is long gone and like the proverbial Phoenix rising from the ashes it has renovated and reopened as the Blackbird Gastropub.  Long time Normanites will know of what I speak.  This is a welcome addition indeed to campus corner. The decor is hip and modern while still paying homage to an Irish pup in both decor and in obligatory items like fish and chips, shepard's pie, bangers and mash and the like. They also have excellent nachos for those wanting to nosh with their night of drinking at their extensively stocked bar, of which they have at least 100 varieties of whiskey in their alcohol arsenal alone.  Now, I'm no whiskey connoisseur but it sure sounds impressive at the very least.  And, even better, they have a great selection of imported beer so it's a winner for those that enjoy a top shelf high ball or those that enjoy a mere pedestrian pilsner. The past few times I've been here to eat I've thrown convention to the wind and had them create a salad for me, eschewing their "salad stipulation," as the hipper than thou waitress termed it - and gave me props for it.  I've had their Ceasar and had them add their succulent salmon fillet and withheld the dressing.  Absolutely amazing.  Service here is also another highlight - spot on.  Any place that can keep my tea refilled in a timely manner gets high praise - and they can do it.  And I as of yet have had dissatisfactory service.  They are efficient, friendly and super cool.  In fact, the waitress last time asked me if everything was "tastycakes" before bringing the check.  I gave her a thumbs up as that was the only way I could politely respond with my mouth full of gastropub goodness and proceeded to finish another fine meal here.      As with all places on campus corner, parking can be a nightmare so bring coins for the meters if going during the day unless you want to make some pathetic Norman traffic cop's quota for the day.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2013,6/20/2013,62,149,,2,1>Last night we went out to dinner at The Metro Wine Bar & Bistro. We made a reservation (because we absolutely HATE waiting), and I'm glad that we did, because when we got there at 8 pm on a Thursday night the place was pretty full. Our friends had gotten there a couple minutes before us, and they had already been seated. We got a nice little booth tucked away in a quiet corner of the restaurant.Despite the fact that we are usually all whiskey drinkers, we felt obligated to have wine (come on...we were at a WINE BAR...it's in the name...), so we told our waitress (I believe her name was Kat) what we liked and she suggested a modestly priced bottle of Gobelsburger Riesling for $38. I'm usually skeptical of Riesling because they can be super sweet, but this one was pretty dry.I started with the lamb potstickers as an appetizer. They were quite good, but looked more like shumai than pot stickers. They were served with a tamarind "ketchup" which was just the right amount of tangy without being overwhelming.We ended up finishing our bottle of wine with the appetizers, so we decided to switch to whiskey for dinner - we were all having different things for dinner, and couldn't find a specific wine that "fit" with all of our main courses. I had some 12 year Glenfiddich...which was yummy...and Bashar tried Dalwhinnie, a single malt scotch whiskey. He liked it, but I prefer my Glen...For dinner, I had the filet of beef with a truffle butter sauce. I also had a side of garlic fries, with a little extra truffle butter on the side to dip the fries in. This in theory would allow me to have truffle fries, which is one of my absolute favorite types of fries. I forgot to take a photo, so no image here to make you all salivate...I think the chef used garlic salt to make said "garlic fries" and some black pepper, but it ended up making the fries overly salty.We decided to forgo dessert because we had donuts waiting for us at home...but because Kat, our waitress, wrote down someone's appetizer order wrong, and put ice in her whiskey when she ordered it "neat," brought us out a complimentary dessert. She brought us her favorite,Vanilla Bean Pot de Crème with chocolate sauce. It was surprisingly light and refreshing, and garnished with blackberries.We kind of destroyed it...and then went home for homemade donuts...All in all, Metro was a hit, but it won't be our go-to place...it's a tad bit expensive for a weekly trip...but definitely good, and didn't disappoint!
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,6/19/2013,139,130,7,7,10>What do I love more than a room full of darling elderly folks?  A smorgasbord of delicious comfort food, that's what!  Boulevard Cafeteria in Midtown takes care of both of these for me in one fell swoop.  I first came here for lunch with a coworker who was shocked I actually wanted to go there, until I reminded her that the goal during pregnancy is to maximize food intake while minimizing cost.  I was barely in the door before a charming man old enough to be my grandpa told me a joke--I was in heaven before I even got to the food line.  I practically grew up at Queen Anne Cafeteria in Founder's Tower until it closed a few years ago.  My family honestly mourned the loss of that place like it was a person (we take our food very seriously) and even though Boulevard is owned by the brother of the guy who owned Queen Anne, I never considered this as a replacement for my beloved QA.  This is probably one of the nicest things I have ever done for my waistline, as Boulevard definitely fills this void both deliciously and inexpensively.  To be clear, you can be healthy here, as another reviewer points out the entire first section is comprised of a variety of salads,  you can pick out a lean protein (like a baked chicken or fish), and there are at least 5 veggies to choose from any day.  Round that out with a bowl of strawberries with a tiny dollop of whipped cream and you have a colorful and nutritious lunch for under $10.  But I tell you now, if you do this every time you come here, you are doing it wrong.  The proper way to enjoy everything Boulevard has to offer is to skip the salad (those trays are only so big), grab some fried chicken, add mashed potatoes and either mac and cheese or fried okra, a white roll and a piece of cake/pie/cobbler.  What's that you say? This meal is full of carbs and refined sugars?  I'm sorry, I can't hear you.  I am too busy savoring every bite that takes me back to being 7 years old, eating lunch after church with my cousins with the 'bing bong bing bong' sound of the xylophone in the background. Even if you don't have distinct cafeteria memories like my family and I do, I guarantee Boulevard will take you to your own happy place!
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,6/18/2013,177,300,,1,1>The perfect study spot - -  freshly baked cupcakes, a wide range of caffeinated beverages, and too many yummy sandwiches to choose from! So far my favorite sandwich is the reuben, with crunchy rye bread, tangy sauerkraut, and tender pastrami. Get it with the potato salad!The staff is friendly and attentive, there are plenty of outlets for your electronic devices, and, most importantly, there is a sparkling clean restroom just a few steps away from your workspace.  Bonus: the staff is really accommodating to special requests.  My hubby wanted one of the coffee drinks blended with ice, and not only did the staff readily agree, the drink was delicious!  If you're a fan of mint chocolate chip ice cream, you must try the Mint Chocolate Truffle, blended with ice!
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,6/17/2013,9,31,,3,1>I've had the pleasure of playing the North and South courses within the past month and I can honestly say that both courses are great!  The greens are really nice as well as the fairways, although I wouldn't know because I played most of both rounds from the right rough ;-)...  Either way, both courses offer a challenge for players of all skill levels.  One reviewer's comment about the pace of play was correct though.  It will take you a while to get around this course if you tee off after 0800.  There are multiple foursomes and sometimes even fivesomes at what seems like every single green!  Oh and if there was a heavy downpour the night before, you may want to think twice about wearing white shoes as the course tends to get a little sloshy on the fairways where there is standing water.  Here's to hitting them straight ;-)
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,6/16/2013,83,76,1,2,1>The Mango Crab Stack was a good way to start the night....Fried Calamaris were OK...If you are a seafood fan, this is one of the places: The best sea bass in OKC:  Sesame Encrusted Chilean Sea Bass: very distinctive flavor from the mix of white and black sesame, sweet chili sauce and pickle vegie on top, fine texture of sea bass...yum! I am still craving and dreaming about their sea bass....But it was for dinner special only....I think I will come back only if they offer the sea bass....Their Ancho Peanut Dusted Scallops was pretty good...and their Ribbon Wrapped Salmon was tasteful...If you are a steak fan, don't eat their steak....it was just ok! Good selection of wine....Fantastic service! Amazing and very reasonable price dessert.....creme brulee is a die for....
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,6/15/2013,125,125,3,3,2>I'm really sad this morning, I'm writing this review from work, my husband normally makes me a cortado, but he had to leave earlier then usual so no coffee for me. I'm currently contemplating a visit to my second favorite coffee shop (the first being my home) the Gray Owl at lunch. I can grab some lunch, pastry, cortado and relax in a comfortable enviroment, if I lived in Norman I would be here like every other day at least. As far as coffee shops go though bascially they have everything I'm looking for except location, which would be dumb to count against them. (so I'm not)Basically everyting: Couch, board games, wi-fi, a cup of cold press, a good cortado - just like home, but with studious people and my grandmother's shortbread raspberry bars (I don't know how they got the recipe, but I'm glad she shared it with them!)
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,6/14/2013,44,33,2,3,2>I originally went to Sun and Ski to look for a road bike, so a majority of this review is based on the bike department.  I met with Chris and explained to him how I was just getting into the sport, and gave him an idea of what I was looking for.  He explained the many different types and makes of road bikes that they carried, had me try a few different size frames, and figured out the best size frames for me in the different bikes that they carried.  Like many of the local bike shops in town, you can test ride the bikes, and Sun and Ski was no exception.  Before he sent me off on the bike, Chris put the put the bike up on his vise and showed me a little bit about the components.  He explained the various components, made some adjustments to the bike I was about to ride, and showed me how to do the same.In the end, I did not end up purchasing my bike here.  I got a used bike that was better suited for me, and brought it in to them for a tune up.  Chris remembered me, and was extremely helpful with the tune-up process of my bike.  They basically treated me like I bought my bike from them.  Everyone in the store was very nice and helpful, so if you every need anything, especially bike stuff, give them a try!
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,6/13/2013,93,44,,2,1>A group of us has been there a few times for brunch now and I've had dinner there a few times. The food has always been good, which is the most important thing. The table service was consistently good as well. If you go and get seated by the musician, you may want to ask to be seated elsewhere, preferably far away. We've sat there before and it is just too loud. We can't have conversations and enjoy our meal. The music is great, but having customers sitting right next to its source is not good. This is something we've noticed every time we went there for brunch; whether there were people sitting by the musician or not. Overall it's a great place to get food. This is always a place that comes up whenever a group of us is trying to figure out a place to go eat. The rooftop bar is great on a nice evening as well.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,6/12/2013,47,207,,3,2>I was pleasantly surprised with this place.  The service was incredible.  What a perfect waiter he was.  The cheese sauce was better than the average free cheese sauce.  I wasn't a fan of the salsa but that doesn't necessarily mean anything.  I loved the rice and beans and my extraordinarily picky son went crazy over his chicken quesadilla.  Him being excited about any food is a winner for me!!
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,12/31/2013,210,90,2,6,3>Ok. Fresh delicious food and sweets, booze, and live polka music and dancing? This sweet little spot kicks the pants off any wannabe authentic spot. The menu is a pan-European blend of healthy salads, meat, and decadent desserts. Staff is always friendly and ready to answer any questions that might come up about anything lining the several cases packed with yummy treats.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,12/30/2013,443,449,15,14,10>I don't eat at Himalayas often. "Why not?" you ask.Thank you for asking. You see, it's too far away. I may have mentioned this before, but most (if not all) of my dining decisions are determined exclusively by location, location, location. When my brothers (or friends) and I occasionally crave Indian food (and our mother's South Indian food isn't available), Himalayas is rarely an option because I don't want to drive past NW 23rd Street. So we frequently end up at a less impressive place (Gopuram, Khazana, Ajanta, etc.) and leave hating ourselves for the self-inflicted torture by buffet. I may have to learn to make an exception for Himalayas though, because outside of one or two places in the entirety of this state, I'm not sure you can do better as far as Indian buffets are concerned. But I must place a caveat (or three) on this praise:1. Indian restaurants are good at a lot of things, but consistency is not one of them. Even the most amazing Indian restaurants have seasons/days where the quality or taste is mind numbingly atrocious. Therefore, I'm hesitant to exclaim that it's the "OMG! BESTINDIANFOODEVAR!!!" because you may take my word for it, then have an experience that leads you to spend the next two days hugging your toilet while crying out to the deity of your choice. Caveat lector and so forth. 2. I like spicy food. A lot. Himalayas is known for being a tad spicier than some of its competitors, and that makes me more inclined to be generous with the stars. If your palate can't handle pungency[1], you best avoid Himalayas. If you prefer your food to be milder, then may I suggest Gopuram, or Khazana? They're both respectable establishments that play it safe on the Scoville Scale[2].3. It's still a buffet and I'm comparing this place only to other buffets. If you were wanting an amazing meal that tantalizes your senses with subtle flavor profiles and whatnot, you wouldn't be eating at a buffet...Okay, now that I've gotten the disclaimers out of the way, let's talk about the food. Does Himalayas have anything unique? Yeah sort of, but it's also a lot of the standard stuff. Depending on the day, there are some random Indian dishes, but none that really stick out. They have much of the same stuff that every other Indian buffet/catering service has to offer. But from my experience, they do these standard things a little (or a lot) better than other similar establishments. For example, their Chicken Tandoori is several kinds of brilliant. I more often than not avoid eating Chicken Tandoori from other places because the common theme seems to be "dry," "bland," and "dry." At Himalayas, it's so rich and flavorful. My friends and I will frequently try to figure out what it is that they do differently to make it taste better (ignore for a moment that you have a bunch of Indian fatties talking about food while eating food); The best we can figure is they marinate longer, and they're not skimping on the marinade ingredients like some other places. That alone in my humble opinion is worth the four stars. Everything else is pretty standard and delicious, but not particularly different from other places (apart from the level of heat as previously mentioned).Folks living South of Oklahoma City are lucky to have this place. In a sense, I'm lucky that I don't live close to Himalayas. Keeping my BMI down would be that much harder if I frequented this place more often than I already do.By the way, dishes like Chicken Tikka Masala (or Butter Chicken) are about as authentically Indian as Sweet and Sour (or Westernized Kung Pao) Chicken is authentically Chinese. I mention this because I know a lot of people who have written off Indian food because they think they know Indian food from having experienced the Westernized equivalents. That's like me saying I know about Mexican food because I've eaten a quesadilla at On The Border®.Also, pretty much every Indian buffet (including this one) has some semblance of South Indian food (e.g. vada, dosa, idli, sambar, etc.), which I would qualify as "meh" on a good day, and "garbage" when I'm feeling particularly moody. There is no place (except a caterer or two) that offers remotely decent South Indian food in this city, so don't bother filling up on that junk. Instead, become friends with a South Indian, and have them cook for you. Barter with us or something; we like mangoes, tea, and Toyotas.[1]Note: Technical term used when categorizing spicy food. [2]Note: Measurement of pungency.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,12/29/2013,239,335,3,9,5>If you're looking for a good Southern meal, you will certainly find it here! Their catfish is delicious and I enjoy the gumbo as well. I especially love the bread pudding and the fact that it's a buffet. Even if you end up disliking something, you can always try something else. I tried fried frog legs for the first time here and really liked them! The  reasons I didn't give Cajun King 5 stars is because I was not impressed with their beignets(get the bread pudding instead!) and because the fried chicken was kinda dry. Other than that this is a great place!
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,12/28/2013,8,44,,4,1>I read a lot of the Yelp reviews before I took my Husband here for his birthday last night and I was a little skeptical.  There seemed to be lots of complaints about both slow service and rude service.  There we some complaints about the quality of the food as well.We didn't have any complaints.  We began our meal a glass of sparkling wine and the amuse bouche which was pineapple chunks in a sweet thai chili sauce.  It did, in fact, amuse my bouche.  We next had the Butter Lettuce Salad.  That too, was delicious.  I don't care for bacon, but they had small bits of barbecue bacon on there that was amazing!  It did take a little while for us to get our main dish, but I assume that is because they were making it fresh rather than scooping it out of a pre-cooked and pre-portioned container and reheating it.  My Husband had the Strip Steak and I had the feature of the night which was a crusted sea bass with Yukon gold potatoes and baby bok choy.  I was torn between that and the Korean BBQ because I have a thing about bok choy.  I love it.We both enjoyed our meals immensely.  We had no complaints.  The flavors were good, nothing was over cooked or under cooked and the dishes were all very original  It was not something we could have gotten just anywhere - which makes paying the absorbitant amount of money required to eat there a little easier to stomach.As far as the service and atmosphere - the view is, of course, spectacular.  The restaurant is small and intimate and the service is very attentive.  Your water glass does not go empty.  We had a waitress named Teresa and she was wonderful.  Very friendly and helpful with recommendations when we asked, but she was not overbearing either.  The valets downstairs were friendly and fast and the host staff was helpful and kind.It was a very expensive dinner for two, but the whole experience was so nice that I really didn't mind the price for the level of quality that Vast delivered.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,12/27/2013,28,110,,4,2>Tony Foss really is the best florist I have ever used.  I have purchased arrangements and loose flowers from him.  He is very creative and always has a great selection.  I used him for the flowers for our rehearsal dinner.  They delivered all the flowers, set up all the tables, and exceeded our expectations.  He also has a home decor section at the front of his shop.  He has candles, pictures, and other unique miscellaneous decor or gift items.  There is also a guy that cuts hair in the back of the shop.  Not sure on the details on that... I am practically bald!Tony is great to work with and always surpasses my expectations.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,12/26/2013,131,37,,3,2>Guy Romo the chef for MotoChef should definitely receive 5 stars.  He does everything right.  He uses local ingredients, makes everything from scratch, has such a passion for cooking and doesn't mind putting in the time to get a sauce or element of a dish just right.  I had his vegetarian pot pie this winter at Grandad's and from that moment on I started stalking the MotoChef trailer.  My friends would even joke with me about it saying, I know you wouldn't normally go XYZ place, but MotoChef will be there, to lure me somewhere. I have also had their brushetta. It was to die for.  Their smoked salmon sandwich and 1/2 lb burger with pimento cheese spread are both equally delectable.  Although if you have the chance try any of his potpies you will not regret it.  How could you go wrong with dijon gravy and carmelized onion topping on a potpie. It was so amazing.  I will go so far as to say that it was one of the very best meals I have had in a very long time in any city I have been visited.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,12/25/2013,190,56,3,12,8>First off, I'm not sure any other food truck has had a Grand Opening party, but they did, and it was incredible. Working in the Plaza, I feel like I heard about the event kind of late but there were still SO many people there. They rented out PhotoArt for the night, which was a great idea. They even did a special VIP invite with goodie bags and a $15 voucher. I just think that is so nice, really welcoming people to try their food truck as well as providing excellent hospitality and customer service. Several Kaiteki members and friends had name tags on and I think every single one of them said at least hi or bye or welcome to me, just for being there. The customer service was the biggest plus for this food truck so far, that kind of thing just doesn't happen all the time. I could go on and on about the event and how special and unique it was for a food truck... but... THE FOOD! I tried the pork buns, the Kaiteki Ramen, and the fried brussels. Can I say, brussel sprouts are seriously one of my favorite foods ever and they prepared them so well. They had the perfect amount of crisp for being fried (sometimes they get soggy and gooey, these did not) and also had a great flavor. They were almost juicy, like, you bit into them and then it oozed out yummy flavor. That was probably my favorite thing to try. The pork bun - I was very excited to try this because I've heard raves about "steam buns" and had ever tried it. It was good, the sauce was really nice and the bun had a great texture, the meat (both in the pork bun and in the ramen) was a little chewy and seemed a little overpriced (but Big Truck Tacos serves their tacos at about the same price, and it was about the same amount of food, so I guess is a decent price). Pairing the brussels and pork bun make it an even $8 which is pretty OK for a food truck, and that is probably what I'd order any time.The kicker, the ramen, the namesake. First of all, a ramen truck!? What the what!? How cool/unique/intriguing/exciting etc is that?! I'm not a big ramen eater but the Kaiteki ramen was still pretty good. Great and unique flavor (and it actually had flavor other than salt, like many other ramen dishes* I've had). *packets ... A lot of the noodles clumped together, which wasn't a big deal. I sat down to eat mine and am interested to see how easy it would be to travel with, the container they put them in was big enough so that the broth didn't spill over though. Again, I seriously can't get over how well I was treated and how cool of an event they (seemingly last minute) put on - excellent time. The line was HUGE and it seemed like everyone there was satisfied, even with a bit of a wait.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,12/24/2013,62,56,,5,3>I have had a great experience at several of the S&B locations in the OKC area. I am choosing to review this one because I really like the location and its close proximity to other restaurants and bars I enjoy. Okay so one of the best things, no, I mean, my FAVORITE thing about S&B are their fun, exciting, and unique BLOODYMARYS!!!! They change their special/featured Bloody Mary frequently, these featured bloody mary's are only $5!!!The next best thing about S&B is that they have a special every weekday! Which i didn't even know about the first few times I went, but I found this in an Oklahoma newspaper last week and verified it on their website. FULL-SIZE MONDAY - ANY OF OUR SPECIALTY BURGERS FROM THE MENU FOR $5.00 OPEN TO CLOSE! (EXCLUDING B.Y.O AND THE MONTHLY SPECIAL)CLASSIC TUESDAYS- A CLASSIC CHEESBURGER FOR $5.00, ADD FRIES AND DRINK FOR $8.50 AT ALL LOCATIONS. WE ALSO HAVE A "PAY IT FORWARD" PROGRAM AT OUR 9TH AND 59TH STREET LOCATIONS, WERE WE FEATURE ONE ORGANIZATION PER WEEK AND GIVE BACK 10% OF OUR SALES FOR THE DAY! TO BOOK A 'PAY IT FORWARD' EVENT, EMAIL US AT ALY@SBBURGERJOINT.COM HAPPY HUMP DAY-ANY SLIDER OF YOUR CHOICE WITH REGULAR FRENCH FRIES AND A FOUNTAIN DRINK FOR $6.50.TACO THURSDAYS- GET THREE TACOS OF YOUR CHOICE FOR $6.00, ADD A FOUNTAIN DRINK FOR $7.00FATTY FRIDAYS- OUR FULL SIZE SIGNATURE FATTY BURGER WITH AMERICAN CHEESE, GRILLED ONIONS, AND PICKLES FOR $5.00HAPPY HOUR (DINE-IN ONLY): Monday- Friday from 3:00-6:00 WITH 1/2 PRICE SLIDERS AND SMOTHERED FRIES. AND $1.50 Coors Original (YELLOW-BELLIES)!Now tell me these aren't some awesome specials. ESPECIALLY on Mondays. $5 BURGERS! :)Now let's talk about food!! So the burgers are pretty good! Many different choices! You can order turkey burgers and grilled chicken instead of a typical beef patty if you prefer!! I've tried both the turkey patty and grilled chicken burgers, both are pretty good. I love tons of veggies and guac on my burgers, like a "baha" or "cali" style burger, here however, I skip the guac and get the kimchee on it because it is 1) delicious and 2) it is unique and I can't get that on burgers anywhere else!!! Love that!As if their burger menu did not provide enough variety and uniqueness, they also have several different varieties of "smothered" french fries to choose from! People really enjoy their sweet potato fries. I am not a huge sweet potato fry fan so I don't usually order them, but all my friends love them here. If you are a ham lover you have got to try the Okie Fry. I like the Mexicano Fry without sour cream. It is like a fry-nacho! And has grilled chicken since I'm not a bacon lover. DelishIf you haven't tried S&B, you definitely need to!! Be prepared to give yourself a few minutes to read through the menu and chose from their selection of burgers and fries!
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,12/23/2013,132,88,3,4,5>After trying many nail salons around OKC, I found this gem.  The staff is always very nice and accommodating and I leave with my nails looking great every time.  I deducted a star because I like to enjoy my pedicure and when I get a manicure with it they will do my nails at the same time thinking I'm on a time crunch, when instead I would rather enjoy the massage chair a little more.  I usually just tell them pedicure, then after they finish I will say I changed my mind and want a manicure as well.Their massages are great and its clean clean clean.  They have a variety of colors and are creative when it comes to matching shellac to your pedicure.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,12/22/2013,63,141,,9,4>I'm so beyond excited that Panang expanded up north to May and Memorial! I had their lunch combo today and everything was just as bowl licking delicious as the food served at their original south side location.Food-wise I picked from the Pick 4 lunch menu on a Wednesday. I understand the options change based on the day, and the guy behind the counter said you can find their daily specials on their website. I ended up with a veggie spring roll, pad thai noodles, massaman tofu curry, and mixed vegetables. I pretty much inhaled the spring roll and curry (and literally licked the bowl the curry came in)...and then I was full! I had a few bites of the mixed veggies and pad thai noodles, then put the rest away for another lunch or dinner. The portions are beyond satisfying, and it came to under $9. Can't beat that! Plus since I ordered the special everything came out incredibly quickly. I think it was 3 o 4 minutes after I ordered to be honest!(PS, I had the noodles and veggies later and they were delicious.)I know one thing, it will be a chore to make myself only eat here once a week!
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,3/11/2014,123,113,,8,6>Thai-Malaysian joint inside the Cao Nguyen complex. Went with the family for Sunday lunch, as its across the street from our House of the Holy. The girls love some spring rolls and dumplings, and the ones here did not disappoint. Delicate, well seasoned, and great sauces.I had a green curry for my entree. If you follow my posts, you know that I curry up with the best of them. This was some damned fine curry. Excellent base, good veggies, good heat. Everyone really liked their food, and I mean really liked it.The biggest reason I want to return is to try the multiple items on the menu about which I'm clueless. Being an adventurous eater isn't always easy in OKC, but I'm looking forward to diving head first into some Malay vittles very soon. Recommended.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,3/10/2014,357,648,3,5,6>I love catfish, I love fried chicken... Cajun King, Cajun King please deliver. Catfish, catfish, catfish, fried chicken, catfish, catfish, catfish, collared greens, cattttttfffffish and fried chickeeeeeeeen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!One sunny Oklahoma day, the man zone goes to the Norman Cajun King for lunch. Without me. I'm not mad, it was a weekday and I work in OKC. He told me that I would really like the catfish. The only catfish I have ever liked was from here yelp.com/biz/phong-dinh- BUT it sadly closed down. And the Norman CK closed so I felt like I was SOL. That was until the UYE. Preface---- Joy = wimpy girl who can't take spicy stuff. With an open mind and an empty stomach, I dined at CK with my Yelp buds. It was  Cajun/Soul food. Naturally, I stayed away from the blackened flavors. I also wasn't very thrilled by the etoufee (didn't like the seasoning), mac & cheese, and other stuffs. Why? It tasted a little old and manufactured. Don't take my word for it. The seasoning on the catfish and fried chicken (didn't like the frog legs really. They were dry) was magically delicious and oh so addicting. Habit forming. Now.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,3/9/2014,182,106,,7,3>Jiro has some interesting takes on sushi rolls which is nice to see a little more variety. We sampled a large selection of sushi and my favorite would be the Baby Raffy roll. I found that for the time and quality of the food it's definitely a contender as a neighborhood sushi bar. No alcohol keeps it from being a great place for a date. Plus, the super rolly chairs are just not very comfortable. I think this place would make an excellent lunch place. I hope they will include some more non-fried rolls and highlight some of the fish. For the first week, we could tell they were a little overwhelmed by a busy Friday night and it took a long time for them to complete our order. But, I believe that once this restaurant finishes going through their growing pains it will be a competitive place to get some fairly priced quality sushi.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,3/8/2014,8,44,,3,2>This is one of my favorite restaurants anywhere.  The food is always outstanding, the wine list is good, the atmosphere is nice and the service is exemplary.  There are vegetarian and vegan options that are creative and original.  The daily steak special, the Todfather, is typically a favorite of my Husband.  I'm generally partial to the daily risotto.  It's a fantastic restaurant, a great concept and would be well worth a try.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,3/7/2014,0,2,3,6,4>Scratch is the best thing to come to Norman in a very long time.  The waitstaff is so friendly and helpful.  The food wafts with aromas.  The cocktails blow your mind.  We have tried the steak, lamb, salmon and sides like shoestring potatoes, mac and cheese, Caesar salad, etc. and all of them have been prepared with subtlety and care.  They call their cocktails, craft cocktails, and that's because each one is concocted like a work of art.  They are both a beauty to behold and to savor.  Scratch is the real thing - good food, good service and drinks to match.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,3/6/2014,93,195,1,7,4>Food: 1/5Service: 4/5Cleanliness: 4/5Decor & Style: 5/5The pizza was one of the worst pizzas I've ever had in my life, and if you read all my other pizza reviews (like 100 of them) you'll see that I only give 4-5 stars for pizza! The pizza here tasted like pepperoni on Play-Doh (and yes I've also tried that in my younger years so I have experience). That was the only food I tried here so I can't rate anything else. However, the whole experience here was very fun. Great party place, excellent bar, on the upscale side (compared to all those run-down bowling alleys all over the city), and the whole place had a good/fun vibe to it. I wish there were more bowling lanes though. I will not give the pizza another chance but I will try the hot wings next time.Overall one of the better places to socialize and drink with your friends in OKC.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,3/5/2014,21,54,1,6,4>We come here all the time and it is always a great experience. We almost always order the pho and we have never had any complaints. The broth is flavorful and the bean sprouts are always so fresh. Everyone here is so nice and friendly when we come in. What's awesome about this pho restaurant is that it opens up earlier than other pho places. We sometimes come here to eat pho for breakfast and it's nice to not have to wait for them to open!
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,3/4/2014,239,335,2,11,7>Hy Palace just might be the most enjoyabe Chinese buffet experience I've had here in OKC. I tried a TON of different things and liked almost all of it. A few of the things I tried include sweet and sour chicken, egg roll, crab rangoon, sushi, hot and sour soup,  pretty much the spectrum of Chinese food! I didn't care for the sushi however. All of the rolls had way too much rice for my liking and not enough of the other ingredients, which is why I didn't give this place 5 stars. I loved the egg rolls though and the hot and sour soup was great! Their house special fried rice is also probably the best fried rice I've had at a buffet. I like that they have all of the traditional Chinese dishes but kicked up a notch. This will definitely be my go to Chinese buffet from now on!
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,3/3/2014,62,56,4,7,7>I'm a pho lover and I'm a fan of Pho Van. I eat pho probably twice a week and frequent a few other local places. At first Pho Van's pho (I ordered rare beef as I usually do, sometimes with meatballs) seemed slightly, and I mean very slightly watered down as compared to the other places I go to. It grew on me though, and it was definitely competitive! What i loved about this place was the super nice and dedicated staff, the cleanliness (of course they are new so I hope they keep it that way) and the lack of screaming tables! It was calm, quiet, relaxing, unlike a few of the other places that have very good food, but sometimes the crowd at those places can be quite overwhelming. Anyways, I would like to try the vermicelli dishes as well and fried spring rolls next time!
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,3/2/2014,40,58,1,6,6>I tried this place on the advice of some friends and I was great! It is located on 23rd street somewhat going into the midtown area and near OCU, parking was a bit harsh to find however I parked behind the restaurant with no problems.When I walked inside I was greeted by a waitress who helped seat me, the place is a little small but as it seemed to be family owned establishment it was understandable, there was also a tv showing Columbian news on (which I attempted to understand with what Spanish I know lol)I was told the Empanadas were awesome and boy were they! They were served with this green type sauce that complimented them very well! I had the ones with carne (meat) in them and they were very good!For my main entree I had Bistec Al Caballo which seemed like it would be equivalent to a Bistec A La Pobre from a Peruvian place I know and it pretty much almost was! Had the same things going for it, steak, with plantain, rice, and egg to go with it! All of which was made very well! The coke I ordered was not a fountain soda coke but rather a 12 oz coke canIf I am ever wanting Columbian food thats of great quality I know where to turn to now! Will definitely be back!
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2011,4/19/2012,22,75,,1,1>Service was good with overly nice wait staff.  The bbq was authentic but no frills.  Plenty of sauce choices with a sweet and an insanely spicy.  The prices are affordable but I'd recommend they bump it up a notch and give the place a makeover, it looks tired.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,4/18/2012,52,81,1,2,2>This is the place to get a GREEK salad! I'm telling you there has to be crack in the dressing! I love salads and I literally crave this one 3 times a week, yep, I eat here at least 3 times for lunch a week and I drive from downtown! Also, try the lentils and rice! Unbelievable flavor!
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2012,4/17/2012,10,12,,2,2>My wife and I checked this place out and really liked it.  We had only eaten Ethiopian once before and thought it was a neat experience but we did not like the food at all that was at a different place.  So try something twice we always say and we gave Ethiopian a go with a visit to Blue Nile in Edmond.  The food was GREAT!  We had the chicken and beef appetizer Sambussa the beef was seasoned very well we loved it the chicken was ok, but get the beef much better flavor.  We had the v6 Kik Alitcha (a chick pea vegetarian dish) this was so good, I'm not usually a vegetarian orderer but I would get this again it was perfectly seasoned.  We also ordered L4 Yebeg Tibs Spicy (Lamb with spices and salad it can be cooked 3 different ways I chose spicy), great lamb not chewy at all, spicy and the bell peppers and salad that came with the dish were great.  We loved our visit and will defiantly come again.  Service was good also, but we were on the early side of the crowd...it was much busier when we left than when we arrived.Note for those of you that don't know Ethiopian is traditionally eaten without utensils using this type of spongy bread to grab your food, but this place has silverware available for those that are not ready to go the traditional route.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,4/16/2012,22,3,,2,1>Diners are not just in movies!  This was a great little diner, almost out of a classic movie.  Food was good, not exactly as ordered, but you look past that just for the sheer fact that you never imagine a place like this existing.  The food was good, and the prices were reasonable.  Best part the waitress in her 50s was on her iPhone part of the time.  Hands down some great experiences and stories came just out of a one hour lunch break!
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,4/15/2012,51,83,,2,1>I've only tried the wet burrito and their carne asada tacos, but washed it all down with their tasty Horchata. If that's not your style, go for the mexican Apple Soda, Mexican Coca Cola or one of their many flavors of Jarritos or cerveza!The tacos are $1.40 a piece and their hot sauce is excellent and on the spicy side.At lunch or dinner time, be prepared to stand in line to order and find a place to sit.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2012,4/14/2012,105,40,1,6,1>OK. Uptown Grocery's finally opened. I'm not sure what I was expecting, as it's a new concept for Buy4Less, but I've mostly been impressed.So, the good:- They've got great looking produce and meat.- Hot food selections are interesting and some of them I've tried are excellent.- Sushi, although pricey, is done in store by Sushi Nekko.- The deli section is large and well stocked.- They've got regular groceries at regular grocery store prices(!!!).- Premium products are spread throughout the store, according to what they are, rather than clustered in special sections. - Staff is pleasant and eager to help.And the bad:- The bakery department is mediocre. Breads are inconsistent and pastries unimpressive.- Staff, although pleasant, are still too green to knowledgeable or efficient.- Hot food and deli prices are inconsistent, but tend to be as high as Whole Foods for less quality.- Parking lot is much too small (and poorly laid out as well).On balance, it's nice to have a solid high end grocery store in North Edmond. If you stay out of the prepared and specialty foods, prices are roughly on par with Crest/Walmart/Target/etc (some higher, some lower) and, if you live in North Edmond, the location can't be beat. I'm sure some of the opening week kinks will be worked out eventually. It's no Whole Foods, but I think that might be a good thing.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,4/13/2012,20,20,,2,1>My wife and I really enjoyed this place! I had "The Works" and she had an original Gyro. We were both very pleased with the portion size for the very, very reasonable price. Then we ordered the Greekalicious (letsdogreek.com/greekali) for dessert. Oh yeah!! If you go you gotta get this! Service was excellent, too. We'll certainly go back!
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,4/12/2012,17,47,,1,1>I really like the variety of teas they offer. Although, I would like to see more various ice teas added to the menu. e.g. Chai, Oolong, Peach, etc. The wraps here are delicious. The staff is very friendly and always acknowledge you when you walk in.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,4/11/2012,26,75,,2,2>Great venue and excellent DJs on Saturday night. In the daytime they serve food from the burger joint next door (S&B's). I really like the layout, there is a decently sized dance floor and two large bars so when it's busy you have options. They also have a nicely sized VIP area with its own private bar. Don't dress like a slob, but you don't have to look like Frank Sinatra either. Staff is very friendly and the bartenders know how to make a cocktail.It's a non-smoking venue but they have an outdoor patio if you need some fresh air.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,4/10/2012,574,52,,3,1>Straight from my wife's mouth: "Sometimes places like this don't live up to the hype, but this is fantastic!"I couldn't agree more. The burgers are phenomenal and the fries are great too. Cool atmosphere, and we always love supporting local places.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,6/9/2014,132,88,1,6,5>I heard about this place from my big bro so when it was my bosses birthday, and his fav thing is donuts, I decided to swing by and buy a dozen for the office. Reactions: "OMG! This is the best donut I've ever had!""They have boston cream!! How did you know this is my fav!?!""Strawberry with coconut!!! Yummmmm!"The list goes on and on. I was definitely on the popular list that day.  I think what makes these donuts really special is the love that goes into each one from the owners. They are so friendly and offer you a free donut while you wait. It was my first time to a donut shop and had no idea how to choose, they of course were patient and awesome!I highly recommend!
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,6/8/2014,25,48,2,7,3>Oklahoma is a very lucky place now that our liquor licenses have eased up a bit on brewers and allowing tastings. We manage to have quite a few craft brewing companies that seem to delight in little more than enjoying what they do and want nothing more than to share it with the world.Tastings are $5 and you get to keep the glass. It's designed for 3oz tastings so it's more a souvenir than an something you'd actually drink from but I imagine you could give it to a kid with some apple juice and share a drink with them.These guys are friendly and knowledgeable. They have a passion for what they do and it's contagious. It's a joy to walk around in their brewing area and see all the equipment that they use as well as the giant wall of cans ready to be filled with delicious beer as well. The golden forklift is a sign that though it's a job for them they also try to keep things fun and i think that's the important part when you're making something like beer.This place was a little hard to find though. It's right across the street from a couple apartment complexes and the main sign i remember seeing is for Mike's Medical. The building is in the back of that small area with a decent amount of parking..
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2014,6/7/2014,31,43,,7,2>Most of the reviews are about the beer, but I'm not a beer drinker, so I'll focus on some other aspects of the restaurant. The atmosphere is awesome! It is an upscale environment, and such a nice alternative to your typical dirty bar or restaurant bar to go grab a drink after work. There are dozens of TVs, so it's a great place to watch a Thunder game or other big sporting events, if you're into that. However, we've had many great "just girls" happy hours! In the warmer months, the patio is wonderful!The drinks are really good, and the bartenders seem to be capable of making whatever you want, even if it's not on the menu. A few times, I've just told them ingredients I like, and they've pleasantly surprised me.The food is really good. It is still a fancier version of "pub food," but it's got a creative twist and nice flavors. You MUST order the tuna tartar. In my opinion, it's the best thing in the menu. Overall, a dependable place to meet with friends anytime of the day or a nice start to date night!
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,6/6/2014,139,130,2,4,3>I've been spoiled and have usually been delivered the deliciousness that is Old School Bagel, but with a rare few minutes to spare before a meeting on the Norman campus, I grabbed a few bagels for my team.  Having never been in myself and needing to do a little guesswork for coworkers, it took me a few minutes to decide.  The darling employees gave me plenty of time but also offered suggestions, including the breakfast sandwich options.  I can attest that the sandwiches are in fact amazing, but I opted for a variety of bagels and cream cheeses and a soy latte for me.  Not the best latte I've ever had, but I will let it slide because the food is so delicious.  It is probably a good thing I run late everywhere I go, especially in the mornings, or else I would be enjoying this doughy goodness on the daily and my tummy would become doughy to match!
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,6/5/2014,35,58,,3,2>Hands down awesome wait staff & even better vibes while dining. Made a reservation through OpenTable app a week before Mothers Day which I'm still in awe that I could snatch this up. The art work hanging up is beautiful, it's very open and airy inside & the food was well worth the price. I ordered the Shrimp Grits with a substitute of yogurt instead of fried eggs and a mimosa. The shrimp could've had a bit more flavor, but I'm full & satisfied. My mom ended up with the Chicken & Waffles and the smell from it and the syrup was mouth watering. Scratch that, everything that passed my nose from servers made my mouth water. Ooo and ahhh were all I could think about & anticipating the arrival of my plate. The prices on the menu for brunch were reasonable considering entrée plates started around $13. The $2 mimosa were on the money & I really wish I had a second stomach so I could've tried one of the tantalizing desserts. There are not enough adjectives to describe how satisfied I am with this experience. I surely plan to be back
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,6/4/2014,58,67,,9,1>Plenty of parking... It is in the shopping strip...north of Patty Wagon...south of Starbucks. Used to be Taste of Egypt. As you approach the restaurant, the aroma makes your mouth water. You know it is going to rock your socks off.I arranged a Meetup with a UYE group which fused very well together. I had called a few days prior to arrange 15-20 people and talked to Rashid, who emailed me a copy of the menu. Carly and Spencer were intricate in conglomerating and picking this place out.I arrived a few minutes early to ensure everything was setup and to discuss what the manager (Mohammed) would do for our group. He said he would take care of us, and by golly, he sure did. They brought out sampler appetizers which included, but not limited to hummus, babaganush, grape leaves, pita bread, olive oil with basil seeds?,  etc (see picture). They brought out 4 or 5 of these for 21 of us, which was more than enough. They added $2 on the tab per person which was very reasonable. If people did not want this, I take responsibility for having it set up that way.Our waiter Shawn was very attentive and spot on. They did have a couple of other waiters helping out to ensure we were well taken care off and was informed that they were short one waiter, but this had little to no impact on us.The mixed grill plate for 2 was phenomenal as it gave you a taste of the works for $26.99 which consisted of Chicken kabobs, beef kabobs (taste explosion in your mouth), chicken shish kabobs, lamb shish kabobs, 2 different rice items, salad, pita wedge, grilled tomato wedge, etc. I am glad we picked this.The Turkish tea was hot and pretty tasty and only $1. I had it with sugar at 1st, but skipped the sugar the next time and both were equally good. I got the bread pudding dessert which was in a little bowl was quite exquisite. It was cold but looked like the top was baked, similar to a creme brulee. The baklava looked good.As far as the bill is concerned, we got charged for the sampler, the Turkish tea and the mixed grill for 2 + tax = $32.50 for 2 people. They did not charge us for the dessert so that brought additional satisfaction to my face and wallet. As Spencer says, this is probably the best Mediterranean food in the greater Oklahoma City area. I am coming back fo sho.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,6/3/2014,125,61,1,3,3>This is one of the few places in OKC that can properly poach an egg. There I said it!My favorite meal here is the Green Eggs & Ham which is like a benedict with pesto, arugula and prosciutto. It's pretty perfect. My typical brunch also includes a freshly squeezed OJ (okay, mimosa) and a bruleed grapefruit. The grapefruit is really a revelation. It's the perfect combination of sweet, tart and a little bitter. And I continue to pay $4 for that grapefruit half torched with sugar. I really need to get a brulee torch for at home, because... $4 is ridiculous and I can't NOT order it. I have suggested to staff that they serve it with an actual grapefruit spoon, but no movement on that yet. But I absolutely love this place. It's clean and feels very downtown. Well it is downtown, but it's the kind of place that would fit into any major city's downtown.This is a place you can go and know the food will always be made fresh and to a high standard. And you do pay the price, which I think is worth it!
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,6/2/2014,125,125,,6,3>We need more bars like Grandad's in Oklahoma City and by that I mostly mean bars that offer no smoking, but are still casual and not stuffy. NICE TO KNOW: Grandad's has a fortunate location right next door to Backdoor BBQ and not far from many other food options. They actually don't serve any food at Grandad's but they're fine with you bringing your grub in. They even court local food trucks to come by on weekends.THE IMPORTANT STUFF: The selection of whiskey and beer is pretty good in my opinion and the prices our nice too. The bartenders are friendly enough to super friendly which is good enough for me.  THE REALLY IMPORTANT STUFF: The douchebag level is usually low to non existent. The live music is kind of okie-folkie type stuff, like music I hear on Oklahoma Rock Show and go 'I'm not really sure if this qualifies as rock, but I guess I do like it."
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,6/1/2014,302,447,3,4,4>Delicious in every sense. I enjoy eating light and this place has some great options. You can surely find a heavier meal if desired but the pho is really good and fresh. Perfect when feeling under the weather or when it's cold outside. Spring rolls are a great starter. I enjoyed the shrimp and pork and would have to say that they are equally tasty but shrimp is more my preference. Their sandwiches are amazing. Reminds me of the ones I got in San Francisco which I thought couldn't be beat. A must try. Teas I enjoy here are the green and passionfruit. Service is really good and overall the prices are fair and the food is great. 5 stars!
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,5/31/2014,34,278,,3,3>Hands down the best Italian food outside of my wife's kitchen.HAVE TO TRY:The Baked Ravioli is to die for.  If they had an all you can eat options, I would put them out of business.Any pizza, they are all incredible.  The homemade sausage is the absolute best though!The desserts are all incredible.... if you actually save any room for it....This is a great spot for dinner before Thunder Games or when going to te IAO gallery next door.I come here regularly at lunch for business meetings as well as the service is quick and the atmosphere during lunch is conducive to meetings.This is true fresh Italian at its finest without paying insane prices.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,8/19/2014,132,88,2,5,3>I absolutely love this place after finding it on my yelp app when I was in the area for training.  I still have dreams about those fresh cut fries!The lunch specials are a great deal at around $7 including a drink and the portions are very filling. Your order at the counter and they bring the food to your table. There was plenty of seating that day but not a lot of parking. Neighboring lots threaten to tow, but luckily we found a spot.I will be visiting again for a gyro, delicious!
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2014,8/18/2014,62,56,,4,6>My favorite brunch place by far ! It's a classy, elegant-cute place without any stuffy feeling! Gorgeous views ofOkc, fresh flowers on tables, a cute outdoor seating area, but still great brunch mimosa specials!!!  ($2!) I love to get their club sandwich. Yes, simple, but that good. Plenty of meat and on Sundays you can get it on a delicious croissant (I think, I did once) but on any other day they don't have the croissants...Love the service and you can bring almost any group here for brunch, great for Mother's Day kind of things, family events, or even just a casual brunch with friends ! At night it's a bit more romantic, dimmer lights, quieter feel, so bringing children may not be the best idea, but I'm sure still acceptable! Any time there are shows at the civic center the dress seems dressier. I've noticed that ! Not that it would matter too much, but definitely don't come in with jean shorts and flip flops or something girls! (At night) Go for brunch! It's a must!
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,8/17/2014,63,141,1,4,4>So excited to have such an fantastic addition to the OKC foodie scene to enjoy! Yay squee happy!They have delicious local fresh bread for you to dip into their (amazingly varied) selection of oils and vinegars. I swear you need to not go into this place hungry because you'll eat your weight in bread. hehThe employees know their stuff, so just go in and tell them some of what you like to eat and they will happily start concocting fantastic flavor combos for you to try out. Probably you'll end up wanting far more than you can afford or house.My one and only complaint is their hours make it difficult for me to swing by and stock up. I hear they are expanding their hours this summer though, so hopefully that helps!
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,8/16/2014,25,48,6,7,7>The Good: Everything. Oh, you need a better breakdown? Well... alright.The Sandwich: 6/5That's right six out of five stars. If I wanted to go crazy I'd give it something like 20 stars because it was a delicious sandwich. I opted for the Perfect Panini and I'd say it was about as close to perfect as human hands can make. The pastrami was drippingly moist. The cheese was so very very gooey. The creamy wasabi sauce was a unique taste that kind of surprised me. I know I had requested it, but obviously I have no idea what I was doing at the time. That stuff would go REALLY well on some other sandwiches.So a full sandwich, a giant pickle spear (seriously, it was huge), and a bag of chips for 7.99? Yes, please!The Cookie: 4/5I'm not sure what would make a 5/5 chocolate chip cookie. It was a good cookie, but I'm not sure anything stood out to make it blow my mind. Kind of a strange after taste that I couldn't quite place? It wouldn't stop me from asking for another, but it was kind of weird.At one point in my life I thought I could make a good sandwich. Never mind.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,8/15/2014,31,43,1,7,6>This was the first Vietnamese sandwich I was ever introduced to, and no others have lived up to it since! The bread here cannot be beat. It is so soft and flavorful! I was introduced to this jewel as a graduate student and it has stayed a lunchtime favorite! As a huge bonus: the prices are excellent! Over the years I've tried several things on the menu and I have never been disappointed, although the bahn mi, the creme puffs, and the Vietnamese coffee are my go to's! Give it a try or get it to go, you'll be glad you did!
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2014,8/14/2014,7,8,2,2,2>This is a great bar with a nice atmosphere. They have a better than usual selection of beers and liquors. Their proprietary-named Moscow Mules are really great--they are made with a Jamaican ginger beer and have a great spice to them. You can also get a Ribeye dinner for $10.95 and it comes with steak fries and a decent salad. What more could you want?The only down side about this place is sometimes they will be having a jazz show and the covers can get excessive. Mondays are "customer appreciation days" as well so you can get half off a menu item with a receipt from prior food purchase there. This might be my favorite place in the area.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,8/13/2014,63,120,2,4,2>I love to come to sara sara cupcakes on Tuesdays because the cupcakes are only $2. The old white house reminds you of walking into grandma's or your aunts. On a sunny day like today Its nice to sit on the turf lawn and relax. I tried a new cupcake called the mailman which is a German chocolate cupcake.  Omg its taste so good. The only thing its missing is that signature icing of condensed milk, coconuts, pecans.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2014,8/12/2014,62,118,2,6,5>I absolutely love this place in the southwest part of town. Any restaurant large enough to expand to three sections in a shopping complex must have something good going on.Their tacos are awesome, served in homemade corn tortillas with traditional cilantro, onion, and lime. Enchiladas are a favorite here, and their burritos are so legit too. You get so much value for your dollar, and it's fresh and legit Mexican food, not an Americanized version. Every meal is served with pickled carrots and peppers, and they bring salsa out in bottles for you to pour onto your tacos and burritos :) You will probably be the only non-Hispanic person when you go eat. This used to be my favorite place in OKC to eat with my friends, especially since this place just enables your late night munchies.Be aware that they charge a dollar extra if you pay with credit card- the sign on the register says it in Spanish but not English ;)When driving by, you might miss it. Look for the flashing haircut scissors, and it's the building right next to it.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2014,8/11/2014,12,17,3,6,4>We drove here on a Saturday afternoon. It's right on 39th Expressway across from Southern Nazareth University, in the strip mall. (The tip about parking in the back &using the back door was great info!) This little dive could come right out of a James Dean movie, other than the big screen TV. The people who worked there were all so super kind. They greeted us with the dog food bowl of popcorn.....lol! Our waitress was great and continued to bring fresh drinks and check on us. Even the cook came out to make sure our orders were prepared correctly. LOVE IT! Everything was made right there. Other than our jalapeno buns on the bacon burgers (out of Houston, TX) might I say super spectacular? !?!?!  My son has a thing for burgers, especially bacon cheeseburgers. He swears this is THE BEST BACON CHEESEBURGER he's had! He made me promise to take him back as a regular date. That's saying something. I had the grilled cheese and I'd recommend it on wheat. We finished with fresh coconut cream pie that was to die for! The pie alone would be enough for us to make the trip out here. No matter where you live in the metro area, this place is definitely worth the drive! I don't give up my give stars easily, they earned every last bit of it! My one and only minus.... if I must....the pure crust could be a bit better, if eaten alone.... lol!
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,8/10/2014,125,125,4,7,5>I wish I could just have a table on reserve for me here whenever I want it. I love sandwiches, I especially love sandwiches made for me by other people. My favorite is the F.Y.D.H  I've ordered it a lot and just realized I have know idea what that actually stands for. It has: Sourdough, Avocado, Goat Cheese, Pepperoncino, Bacon, Spicy Aioli and an Egg! How perfect is that, it possibly - "last meal on earth good" - it's simple it is satisfying it gets yolk on your hand, what else are looking for in sandwich?! If you're feeling decadent eat your sammy with onion rings, if you want to pretend that your being somewhat healthy that tomato soup is always tasty as well.  (I know what your thinking, but trust me I've had your sandwich and it's not nearly as good, dude and you couldn't make a better onion ring batter to save your life.)Also they have ice cold Java Stout there and usually great music playing to go along with it!
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,9/11/2013,15,79,,3,2>Another great Oklahoma City joint! I come here often for the spicy catfish sandwich. This place is all about home cooking. The catfish is cooked to order so don't get in a big hurry. The dining area is big enough you can always find a seat. Parking is tough right at noon. Better get there before noon if you want some nanner puddin!
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,9/10/2013,214,465,4,9,6>I was ecstatic to hear that BMC opened a new location on 23rd St! I like this type of restaurant - it's so laid back. You order at the counter, get a number, and somebody brings the food to you....no waitress to bother you. Or you can take it to go. I got a gyro basket with fries and a drink all for less than $9. The food tasted fantastic and they had a variety of things to choose from. The restaurant is spacious and there are plenty of parking spaces. It's so easy to just pop in here real quick during my lunch break. They are very quick at preparing the food.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,9/9/2013,104,246,2,6,4>I seriously love the garage. I could live in this place. When I lived in Norman, I went to the Garage all the time and when I found out that there was a Garage in Edmond near my place of employment, I was overjoyed. The Garage possesses my #2 favorite veggie burger that has had the pleasure of being inside my mouth (#1 was in Interlaken, Switzerland--not so easy to obtain). Not only do they have an amazing veggie burger but they have amazing sweet potato fries and wonderful dipping sauces (GARLIC AIOLI) as well as marvelous bar selections and if you're wanting to get a little day drink on, this is seriously the place to do it. They also have the option of getting a whole wheat bun for your burger. They actually were out of them the last time I came here but I won't judge them as long as they won't judge me for having a few beers at noon. Service has always been great here and they play wonderful music as well as movies like Karate Kid. I don't think that can be beat.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,9/8/2013,27,106,2,3,3>Another in my list of "what took me so long to try it" places.  I went for my usual weekend ride around Overholser and ended up back in Yukon with a serious need for food.  Now called the "Fat Elvus Diner" (I assume the change in spelling is due to some asshat lawyer taking umbrage with their use of the King's name), it sits at the corner of Rte 66 and Main in Yukon.This, my friends, is what a diner should be.  It reminds me of places along the old Rte 66 from my childhood.  If you want a soy caramel latte in a biodegradable cup with a whole-grain bagel, keep driving.  Nothing pretentious or trendy here, just an old school diner with great atmosphere and good food.  I had coffee, scrambled eggs, sausage and hash browns.  The food is cooked in plain view on a big flat top behind the counter and brought straight to your table - no food loitering under the heat lamp here.  Everything was just right and tasted great.  Perfect hash browns are an art form, and these were spot on.  Total bill was only $7 which makes it even more awesome.Be sure and use the restroom - pretty cool mural of Elvis, the Beatles, Beach Boys, etc in there.  I will definitely return.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,9/6/2013,37,18,,1,2>Snuggled between posters of The Ramones, Misfits, and The Clash I gobbled down the Hot Lips Houlihan burger with Korean sauce and Kimchee. My new favorite burger joint.  Something for everyone.  My only real criticism is that the mixed drinks are criminally overpriced.  10$ for a bloody mary?  In Oklahoma?  The specials are very good and a bargain.  Amazing ability to customize your burger: Veggie, sliders, turkey, buffalo, regular....  All of the sides are very good, but the cheese cubes are a little uneven in the price/quantity ratio.  The back patio is nice, but the chairs are a little hard to get in and out of.  There is also a nice Northern Irishman tending bar who good-naturedly and politely sits through people Irish jokes.  Including mine.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,9/5/2013,3,39,,4,1>This farmers market is hit and miss.  My wife and I opted to try it out a few times because we're sick of the grocery stores never having RIPE tomatoes, or veggies that are flavorful and fresh.I can honestly say, when they're a hit, you will have the most amazing, juicy and fresh produce.  The tomatoes are bright red (not faked with pink-hue lighting and sprayed with reddening agents to trick you into buying a white-centered flavor-void tomato like supermarkets often do.  The trade off?  You're paying $2.75-3.50 a pound instead of the supermarket's $1-2 a pound.WORTH IT.They had cantaloupes recently for less than $3 each, about a quarter more expensive than my grocery store, and my god, the juice and flavor was unmatched.WORTH IT.However, there are some "miss" weeks.  I've been there and only half the tables have produce.  The last couple times the tomatoes looked unripe; yellow, light red, bruised, tops appeared cracked.  I'm not sure what's going on environmentally, but the tomatoes have been less than amazing, prompting me to risk the supermarket.  (no point in paying twice as much for tomatoes if its' not ripe.)Some weeks they just don't have what you want: last time I was there they didn't have broccoli or cantaloupes, and the tomatoes weren't ripe.  Also, they only allow CREDIT CARDS on purchases greater than $5.  So if you don't have cash, and they don't have at least $5 worth of stuff you want to buy, you're out of luck.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,9/4/2013,125,61,1,4,4>This is hands-down some of the best Thai food I've ever had. Their Tom Kha is addicting. The service is spectacular and super friendly. Unfortunately they are not very busy, and you will pay slightly more here than other Thai places. It's worth it, I promise. Please go to Lemongrass so they can stay open forever! The bf loves the Jungle Curry. And they play the cheesiest jazz covers of pop songs in the background that never disappoint.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,9/3/2013,0,19,,1,1>Above average sushi, good prices and very generous portions. Service is very quick, and there is giant menu, including non-sushi items. Very close to the Warren Theater. Worth the drive from Norman, better than any sushi there. Atmosphere is a bit lacking if you're looking for a fancy sit down dinner, but I've always been very pleased with this place.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,9/2/2013,62,149,,3,2>Great liquor store! They have a good assortment of wine and offer a 10% discount if you buy it by the case. The wine is more expensive than it was in NJ, but I think that's due to different state taxes etc. They also have a great assortment of liquors. We're whiskey drinkers and they have a HUGE whiskey section, divided by country of origin. I'm sure I'll be back in the near future.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,9/1/2013,26,3,,1,1>I've loved Napoleon's for years.  I started going in high school and whenever I came back into town on break, I had to get a sandwich.  When I heard they were changing ownership a few years ago, I was horrified, what would I do without having Renee take my order every time i went in? But Miles and his crew have done a great job, kept up the quality, improved things, and now moved into a great new space down the street that still keeps the traditions of the original deli (like the mural and letters from the old location!) The sandwiches aren't groundbreaking, but they're good and they're consistent. My favorites are the #5 ham and pistrami, and the #9 tuna salad with apples.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,12/21/2013,40,58,3,5,3>Went to this place with some friends of mine who were visiting OKC area, I had been to other Korean places in the metro area and I had heard of this place before in passing from other people but I had never tried it myself yet! One thing that concerned me having come from the LA area was I preferred Korean places that had a full on bbq set for you to cook your own meat with (a common tradition at a Korean bbq house establishment) When we walked in we were greeted by a friendly waiter who told us to sit where we liked, we seated ourselves at a longer table that was also conveniently in view of the tv they had in the room. There was also more seating in the back. I ordered a bulgolgi which is a meat dish which is served with other vegetables, however my friends who were actually Korean ordered things that I am sure were more authentic lol. All of the food looked and tasted great! The coke I ordered came in a 12 oz can rather than a fountain drink. Prices were pretty normal for a bulgolgi dish. The place seemed family owned and operated, smaller vibe place but definitely works! Also one thing I would like to point out, when I was looking for the place on the Yelp map it was not quite where it was listed. The Place is actually behind the gas station which is at the cross streets, it's located in shopping area which appeared to me to have a somewhat small pocket of Korean type establishments in it (which I didn't even know existed in Moore!), one of which was a Korean grocery store/market!I will definitely be coming back to this place as I frequent the Moore/Norman areas quite often! If your ever in the Moore/Norman area and want to get your Korean food fix, check this place out!
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,12/20/2013,77,386,9,5,5>So the same dude that hooked me up with Seoul Garden told me about this random spot on Air Depot for haircuts. As much as I enjoy paying $20 or more for a haircut I could accomplish myself if I had more shoulder flexibility, courage, and mirrors, I was in the mood to try something different, and so after squealing tires a little bit with some last minute braking,* I pulled in to check it out.Looks like it's run by a Thai family, based on my careful observation of a Thai-English dictionary on the bookshelf, various artwork depicting Buddha, and the fact that halfway through my haircut, the barber said "I am from Thailand." Step one of the haircut was pretty straightforward: Take your razor and clippers and please make my hair shorter. No problem there.Step two is something I don't get at places where I pay more money: "Would you like me to trim your eyebrows?" Yes, please. Ever since I turned 30, my recessive Wookie genes have activated, and I now have eyebrow hair that could strangle a small animal if it got out of control.Step three -- and this is where I was a little blown away -- involved some warm, excellent-smelling cream and a bona fide straight razor. Perfectly done, and the back of my neck has never looked so good!And of course, step four was a shoulder massage. Had I known the massage was coming, I would have politely declined, because most people believe that a shoulder massage should involve sticking your thumb and fingers as deep into the victim's soft tissue as possible and then poking the bone until you leave bruises, numbness and permanent nerve damage. In this case, the very first perfectly positioned squeeze popped two vertebrae and my shoulder joint, causing a wave of soothing relaxation to pass over me. I had to leave after only a couple minutes, but the very fact that they understand how to do massage correctly just makes the entire experience even better.If you see me out and about, please do not blame the folks at Pat's Haircut. They did the absolute best they could with the horrible material I gave them to work with. And I am now one happy, embracing-my-baldness fellow.* Let's see, based on the address it should be coming up in TURN TURN TURN!!!
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,12/19/2013,12,49,,5,3>I really love Cheever's. It's that perfect neighborhood restaurant for a casual meal or a special occasion. It always amazes me when a place can make me feel like I could grab a bite in jeans and a Thunder tee, or put on my best little black dress and celebrate a new job. The ambiance is exceptional. It's very rare that a place with crowded tables can feel intimate and comfortable, but they have it down to a science. The floral arrangements are also some of the most beautiful, which is fitting since it was originally a florist shop.Turning to the drink menu next - it's pretty good. I'd give it 3 1/2 stars. The biggest disappointment is that their by the "glass" offering for sparkling wine/champagne is a split of Korbel. Not really quality I expect from Cheever's. The wine list is fine, not exceptional. The cocktail list is limited on the menu, but the bartenders are very talented. There's a seasonal special too. As long as you're a cocktail person who knows what you want, or can give a close enough description of your tastes, they'll knock it out of the park. Honestly, the wine is what brings the star count down here. On to the food - fantastic. I have loved everything I've ever eaten at Cheever's. The lowest point has been the calamari. It's good though. I highly suggest the avocado quinoa salad or duck stack to start. The seafood tamales, shrimp & grits, chicken fried steak, short ribs, and lamb (a special, not on the menu) are all excellent choices. Dessert - seriously delicious. Cheever's is often known for their desserts. First, remember they are all giant. Split for sure. Try the carrot cake, ice cream with pecans, and monkey bread. They have excellent coffee also. Other things - I have heard even more amazing words about their brunch, but have yet to have the privilege to try it. Service is pretty good. They worked with us so well on being late for a reservation once also. Their lunch menu is also fantastic. I highly suggest you visit Cheever's for any occasion at any time. It is by far one of the best gems in the whole OKC metro.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2012,12/18/2013,11,6,,5,2>If you're looking for authentic Mexican food, Tacos Don Nacho is the best place to get it in the OKC metro area.The tacos (by default soft) are great. Pretty much everyone I get to try the al pastor meat agrees it's the best taco meat they've ever had. The prices are great; the food is great; the owner and employees are accommodating and very friendly. 5 out of 5
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,12/17/2013,26,92,,1,2>This was an unexpectantly cute little place that you don't expect in a strip mall. It is clean and well-decorated. The servers were all very friendly and helpful. I have been here twice. The first time I got my order to-go on a very cold, snowy day. The waitress gave me a cup of hot tea and it was just what I needed. My boyfriend and I came back for dinner and had an even more pleasant experience. I would give their service a 5 and the food a 3.5 for taste and 4.5 for presentation. The soba noodles were a bit salty. Overall, this is a great place for any meal. They have great lunch specials. It's also the closest good sushi place in the area.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,12/16/2013,54,41,,3,2>This place is a hidden pho gem of Norman. I typically frequent Coriander Cafe for pho; but since they were closed one evening, some friends & I decided to try out Pho Winner. The service was great, the fresh spring rolls were absolutely fantastic & the pho was a nice balance of fragrant broth, an abundance of noodles & good quality meats. Their prices are definitely reasonable. You can get an order of fresh spring rolls & a bowl of pho for about $10. I'm glad I decided to give this place a try, because it definitely did not disappoint.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,12/15/2013,35,49,,4,4>This is a very good wine and liquor store, easily one of my go-to places in Edmond. For a smaller store, they have a wide selection of wines ranging from the cheaper, less appealing wines to the more expensive vintages. I have also been pleasantly surprised at how affordable the liquor is. I have found my favorite type of rum here cheaper than any other store I've visited. The staff is also very kind and helpful. You should check them out if you're in need of a bottle of your favorite drink!
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,12/14/2013,93,195,,4,2>Food: 5/5Service: 3/5Cleanliness: 3/5Decor & Style: 2/5The best tasting chicken and beef shawerma in OKC! Hummus is excellent is well. I've eaten quite of bit of mediterranean food throughout the US, and while i'm no connoisseur, this place would be on the top 5 in my list. Definitely worth it and glad it is in OKC.Service was a little slow, I think they're hurtin' for more employees. Even then it was not crowded.It's a very small place so it can get crowded. The place looked like a 70's/80's small restaurant. 2/5 for Decor & Style.While all the other features lack, the excellent tasting food will get me coming back here.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,12/13/2013,20,24,,1,1>If you haven't been to one of the S & B restaurants in town, then you are missing out on not only one of the best burgers in town, but a local establishment that has been a real gem to watch grow. Just as famous and delicious as the burgers, the bloody marys are creative and yummy. They usually have daily and monthly specials. Another thing I love about this place is that they always seem to be giving back to the community. It is a normal day to walk in there (as I did today) and learn they are giving a percentage of the day's profit to a charity or organization. The owner told my husband that S&B would soon be expanding to other states and cities. To think that one of OKC's own had a dream and we've all watched it grow...love it. The restaurant on 50th is small, so get there early for lunch and dinner (or take a bar seat). The restaurant on the north side is pretty big, and they have a patio too.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,12/12/2013,60,81,,6,5>The love for the pizzas came first, but the love for the space on Western became a second love. My boss and I have been frustrated with coffee shops and Panera (don't get me started on 30 minute wifi at Panera!!!!). But we found the Wedge is a great place to work in the mornings. They serve up some delicious quiches and coffee with plentiful fast wifi in the a.m. We ended up staying so long we started to smell all the wonderful pizzas others were ordering. The pizza is wonderful! I like choosing random ingredients and haven't been disappointed in the pies. But seriously, come for some breakfast.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,6/22/2012,31,66,,6,1>I just had the best pedicure ever!  Tammy was amazing.  So friendly.  This place is so relaxing with the massage chairs...beautiful curtains and art on the walls.  The music is soft and nice.  She even asked if I wanted a design and I told her I was going to the beach so she painted little hawaiian print flowers on my toes....they are beautiful and my feet are soft and smell amazing.Thank you creative nails.  I will be back!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2012,6/21/2012,5,48,,4,2>I'm torn between four and five stars. The tuna sandwich (after deleting the mayo and mustard) is five stars. The tuna is fresh and the ingredients top notch. The selection and quality of the fresh fruit drinks is unparalleled anywhere in Norman. Service is cheerful and generally excellent - and the new outdoor seating area is very nice. My main ding is that I wish there were more non-veggie options. Healthy does not have to mean exclusively vegetarian. Why not offer real chicken in addition to the 'chicken'? Also I wish the interior decor was a bit cozier and had a bit more character. ...but I am nitpicking as this is without a doubt one of the better options in Campus Corner.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2011,6/20/2012,22,5,,4,2>Papa Dino's Pizza & Grill is a treasure in our Capital Complex & medical neighborhood community.  The cheese pizza is my favorite, and I don't know what's best--the short walk to the grill itself or the reasonable prices.  I easily & enjoyably order from Papa Dino's when I know the cast of my upcoming stage play & film are going to crash at my home. The wide selection on the menu means my entire cast can eat without whining & complaining, which is a big plus in my book. Everything is freshly prepared & their service is top-notch!  I would recommend them to my neighbors without hesitation.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,6/19/2012,93,253,2,4,3>A fantastic office. Dr. Steven Strange is unlike any dentist I have been to. He takes the time to get to know the patients and their individual needs. They make you comfortable and ensure that you get what you need, at a price you can afford.They do great work with kids as well. They really work with the ones that are afraid as well.I highly recommend this dentist to anyone, and everyone.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,6/18/2012,105,10,,4,3>The Classen Grill is one of those places that you're either gonna love or hate. I personally love it. I love the fresh-squeezed orange juice, I love the art on the walls from local artists, I love the old building that it's in & I even love the crumbling state of the whole place. It's got charm. Brunch there on the weekends is crazy so you are gonna have a wait and sometimes the waitstaff is overwhelmed and you do get less-than-stellar service.  I usually get their Eggs Benedict with their homemade cheese grits and I'm never disappointed. The Classen Grill has been around for a long time. Judging from the crowds on the weekends, it will be around for some time to come. The staff is friendlier when you go at a slower time. I have had their migas and they are tasty. My kids like their pancakes. So there have been a few health-code violations in the past - most restaurants have at one point or another violated a code or two. Overall the place is great and I bring friends there when we want to brunch. They also do serve alcohol in the form of mimosas with their fresh oj and they are a tasty way to have a little hair of the dog when you've been out late tying one on the night before. The Classen Grill is a classic diner with oodles of charm and a homey-ness that makes a person feel comfortable
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,6/17/2012,182,106,,6,2>I visited Hugo's for the their Taco Tuesdays which features 8 kinds of tacos for just $1 each! Though quite a bargain the taco's are quite small. I ordered two but should have ordered four. I enjoyed the Barbacoa (BBQ) and Cochinita Pibil (marinated pork). Both meats were tender and quire enjoyable though the Barbacoa was definitely the shining star. The tortillas were fresh and I assume homemade. The lady at the counter was very helpful and offered some useful suggestions. Next time, I will sampled the Mulitas.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2011,6/16/2012,16,85,,2,2>This diner serves traditional American diner fare. Big and Small breakfasts are eggs, hash browns, meat and toast or biscuits and gravy. The decor is Elvisesque complete with Dairy Queen bench seats. Staff is capable and provide prompt service. Portions are generous without being ridiculous and the prices are downright reasonable. If Mom and Dad are in town and you want a no-drama breakfast, bring 'em here.I haven't eaten lunch here but friends always give positive remarks. There is a sign out front that says "Call ahead and we'll have it ready for you..."I will be back.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2011,6/15/2012,125,125,1,4,3>Normally, I roll out of bed around 10 a.m. and laze around the house on Saturday before I get dressed and make my way to my favorite brunch spot. However, I'd like to make the farmers markets a regular part of my routine. No grocery store can ever compare to picking out your own fresh fruits, vegetables, meats, and cheeses, and talking to the people that grew them. Farmers markets are also a great place to meet a few of your neighbors and feel like you're part of a real community.I didn't do a price-by-price comparison, but a lot of the fruits and vegetables seemed cheaper to me, especially because I'm only shopping for two and a lot of grocery stores bundle vegetables for families of four. Many of the market vendors let you pick out just what you want and no more.I was excited to see Yang Farms, which had a fresh variety of vegetables like bok choy, Napa cabbage, Thai basil, and Yu Choy. There's a vendor that sells lush, purple orchids in the front of the pavilion. I wanted to buy one, but I didn't for fear of killing it in a couple of weeks. I didn't do a price-by-price comparison, but a lot of the fruits and vegetables seemed cheaper to me, especially because I'm only shopping for two and a lot of grocery stores bundle vegetables for families of four. Many of the market vendors let you pick out just what you want and no more.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,6/14/2012,52,80,2,3,2>I had the unfortunate opportunity of visiting FirstMed Urgent Care Clinic this weekend due to a horrible sickness that I'm not going to delve into because it would be totally gross.  I suffered 3 days of said sickness before deciding medical attention was imperative.  This clinic is the closest to my house of the ones I googled and per the reviews you can find if you do google FirstMed, when I called they said the wait was 45 minutes to 1 hour.  I think they always say this, but that what they mean when they say 45 minutes is from the minute you walk in the door, it will be 45 minutes to an hour to see the Doctor.  The time includes checking in, filling out paperwork, a short wait in the waiting room, and a nurse consultation.  I think the question most people are asking, and what I'm generally asking is how long until I get some sort of medical attention, which was more like a 20 minute wait, 15 of which I was sifting through cards in my wallet and filling out paperwork.  I'm extremely pleased with my experience at FirstMed.  I felt comfortable and cared for during my visit.  The office staff, nurses and doctor were all professional and kind.  It's never fun to get sick, but if you find yourself in need of medical attention and you are close by you could certainly do worse than FirstMed.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,6/13/2012,5,6,2,2,2>That sandwich & soup special has my name all over it! This place is cheap, always open, servers are friendly, and the food is filling. Given the option of soup or salad, definitely go for the soup-- It's delicious! The salad is basically a bowl of big chunks of lettuce.I'm not a fan of potatoes, but this is the place for you, if you are. I swear it seemed like everything comes with fries, wedges, mashed... Their sides are limiting, but the pies are hefty & delish.I usually go late evenings.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,10/1/2013,33,58,2,3,3>I love the regular menu items but also like to try the specials.  I was very happy that, at  the request of customers including me, they had spaghetti squash & meatballs today. It is so GOOD!  You can make it totally vegetarian if you prefer but if you aren't averse to meat, get the meatballs with it - wonderful flavor! They use their house made marinara sauce that can't be beat.  I had this as a lunch special with a spinach salad.  Try it some time.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,9/30/2013,93,112,5,6,6>I've been a fan of Iron Starr and its "Urban Barbeque" concept for years.  So much of a fan in fact that I can't come here often as I always leave full, and not just a content fulfillment type of full, but the kind of full that most people feel after engorging on a holiday meal - almost sick.  I always feel kind of like a bear that's readying himself for hibernation once I leave.  My last visit was on the heels of lifting some major weights and a 7 mile jog so I had plenty of calories to spare and was in need of some meat!  And in that aspect Iron Starr does not disappoint.  Naturally my group arrived during the prime dinner rush because of poor lack of planning so we had a bit of a wait, but not to worry because that gave us time to sit at the bar and have a few brews and converse. Iron Starr has a decent selection of some local beers on tap and a few bottles of domestics and imports, not to mention PBR tallboys (for the super ironic hipsters).  And, during this visit I ran into a friend of mine, Amy who was tending bar - she's super great.  Go in and ask for Hatfield! She will hook you up.  I had an odd chalk beer though that I didn't quite like but I wasn't in the mood for drinks anyway so I opted for an iced tea.  Yeah, I know, party animal.  Woo hoo! They have great brewed iced tea by the way and I am a tea-a-holic.  And thankfully they don't try and serve you sweet tea.  Sweet tea is anathema to me and of the Devil!  Thankfully you can sweeten it your damn self should you feel the need to bespoil your drink and most places, especially barbeque places, always try and serve that nectar of Satan sweet tea so I give high praise to Iron Starr for unsweetened tea. During this visit we started with the jalapeno pimento cheese after much discussion over did we really want an appetizer or not.  Now, I would never order pimento cheese, but damn was it good!  I had definitely never had that before.  It was just that - a glob of pimento cheese with some toast but it was delectable. I almost always order the same thing when I come here - the half chicken.  It is amazing!  It is basically a rotisserie chicken but much better than I ever have elsewhere so I always seem to get it.  This trip for sides I opted for the collard greens and green beans, both which were very good.  I usually get the fancy Mac-n-cheese but with the pimento appetizer thought it would be a bit too much.  You really can't go wrong with any of their sides and I've pretty much had them all save the coleslaw.  Each entree comes with a piece of cornbread that is to die for!  I'd hate to know the calorie count of each piece but it could be eaten as a dessert!  Thankfully they limit you to one otherwise I'd have 10 pieces as I sometimes have no self control.  The staff here is amazingly friendly and they kept our drinks filled and table full of food.  After all of this face stuffing my party opted to get the enormous piece of chocolate cake that is the cornerstone of their desert entrees.  Believe you me it is huge and way more than enough for two as it claims.  At this point I could only take a few cursory bites any lest I explode.What I really enjoy about Iron Starr is its more upscale dining environment compared to more basic greasy spoon barbecue places.  The nice subdued lighting and dark tones take away the harsh light of day fact that you just ate a week's worth of calories in one sitting.  Worth it?  Definitely!
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,9/29/2013,28,110,,1,1>The grab-n-go breakfast is my new morning routine. Yes, that's right, I said breakfast from my favorite pizza joint. The choices vary by day, I was told. Today I had the sausage, egg, and cheese warp. It was fantastic. They also had a quiche, yogurt parfaits, another type of burrito, and a sandwich.  The pizza menu for lunch and dinner is always solid. You can't go wrong with any choice. For appetizers I recommend the prosciutto wrapped pears.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,9/28/2013,26,51,2,2,2>Pearl's Fish House. I'm a huge fan of this place. They are usually busy when I come in, but the order taking process is quite efficient. You walk to the counter, order your food, you're given a number, and then you grab a table. While you wait, you are given an order of hushpuppies, and they are pretty good. Eventually, a waiter/waitress bring out your order.(They have the best looking serving staff/waitresses in the city.).Regarding the food, it most resembles New Orleans cuisine more than any restaurant in Oklahoma I've been to. Trust me, I'm part Creole.(I like using the race card to sound more convincing).  I usually go with blackened chicken  chef salad, with blue cheese(10.99).  Other items that I order is the bowl of red beans and rice with aged cheddar(6.99) and the blackened chicken platter(10.99). But you can't go wrong with any of them. You are given a very generous amount, regardless of what you order. Each time that I visit, I have leftovers. All in all, good food, super nice staff, clean restaurant, good prices. If you have a problem with this restaurant, you're probably divorced for being unlovable.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,9/27/2013,151,161,,2,3>I was really excited to get to visit the Crystal Bridge Tropical Conservatory that I had heard about a few times for the first time. I decided to go because I found it is free on the 25th of every month of 2013 for their 25th anniversary, (except December 25, when they are closed for Christmas).There were a ton of plants, textures, and information about each one! I could have spent a little longer than the half hour or so that I did, but it was really humid and there were a lot of people in there that day. Seeing the building, I expected it to be a little small, but it was a bigger than I thought it would be! There was an upper and lower teir, stairs that were still exciting with the plants they had winding up with you, a beautiful waterfall, festive kites, and a bridge that allowed a bird's eye view of the whole thing! There are a lot of nooks and crannies that let you explore as well. Take your time and "enjoy all the little things -- smell the flowers, listen to the rushing water, and breath in the fresh tropical air. There is a large variety of plants in such a small place so you may miss something interesting if you don't take your time (borrowed from another review)".From the other reviews, it sounds like it will change slightly a little every few months. They didn't have ducks in there when I went, but there was a parrot!I spoke with a volunteer there and learned that anyone could do it, they give you the training and then you get to come all you like! I do think that the general admission price is a little up there, but the free days are awesome!
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,9/26/2013,37,10,,1,1>so happy i found this place near my house. they're open late, they are beyond friendly and their food is fantastic.  my favorites have been... well all of their specials and the mulitas with al pastor as my meat choice.  One of the things that they definitely stand out for is putting three different salsa/sauces on the table one green, one spicier, and one more mild - favorite is the green but they're all delicious.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,9/25/2013,0,2,,4,2>I think my boyfriend and I are starting to become regulars. We always go in, sit at the bar, and order 2 tall Tiger beers to start. Next up, we have to decide between edamame, miso soup, and seaweed salad; you really can't go wrong with any of them. Now to the sushi, oh the sushi. Hands down you have to try the red lava and the sunset rolls. Both of them have these gorgeous chunks of spicy tuna piled on top. However, my favorite thing there is the sashimi carpaccio. It's 9 pieces of sashimi in this tangy sauce that's distinct and memorable. Keep in mind, it's one of their specials, and even then you won't always see it in the table top specials menu, just ask for it and they'll still make it. Basically, I can't say enough good things about this place. I'm a fresh fish lover from Texas, and even though Oklahoma is landlocked state, The Sushi Bar knows what it's doing. I've tried almost every fresh fish sushi role they have and you just can't go wrong.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,9/24/2013,0,3,,1,1>I was a little hesitant at first. The outside of the building is nothing special. I was promptly greeted upon arrival. There were quite a few OPI polish selections. I sat for only 2 minutes before I was seated. The water felt great and the massage chair was actually therapeutic. My nail tech was an older lady. I was thinking that it would only be mediocre of a pedicure. Boy was I wrong! She did a great job and the leg massage was the best one I had ever received. Just when I thought it was going to end she added more lotion and kept massaging.I was so relaxed! They are very friendly and nice. I was given a bottle of water as well. I will definitely go back. I paid 25.00 for the regular pedicure. I think 20 would have been better, however the leg massage made up for the pricing!
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,9/23/2013,1,13,,2,2>Wow! What an amazing place on the Plaza!  I loved just hanging out and can't wait to go back.  11 rotating craft beers on tap, "and a great set of cans". Haha everything is clever and well thought out. The salads were great, we had a house and a spinach, they included things like pickled artichoke and beets. Very yummy. Garlic knots were delish. Pizza slices were huge! I couldn't eat all of mine. This will be one of our favorite spots for sure!
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2013,9/22/2013,9,13,4,6,6>I've only been to Local for lunch so I dont know what it's like at dinner but for lunch it's great! It has a nice, clean feel that is just eclectic enough. They have fantastic booths...large and lend a feel of privacy. I am a lifetime booth devotee so that's high praise! The BLT is good, but the burger is better. The BLT comes with a fab red pepper relish tho...their pickles are weird. Not briny or salty enough to go with the sandwiches. The burger is awesome...delicious beef& toasted bun. Large portion too. The green chili chowder was great! I'm looking forward to having it again when it gets colder...filling and tasty! The smoked salmon dip was good but I wish the pieces of salmon in the dip were bigger. It's very minced. The homemade crackers with the dip are very good. I had a few bites of their mac n cheese with turkey in it and that was great...loved the crunchy crumbles on top! I will definitely go back to Local...they've done a lot with a space that used to be occupied by a Furr's cafeteria!
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,7/10/2014,30,63,,4,4>This is just all around a great space! It's a big open space, perfect for events, and as a bonus has great artwork! I've never actually been to the gallery during business hours, because they host so many great events. The artwork is always changing, and has a different feel to it.  The featured art is all local, and is definitely not the art you'd see at OKCMOA. And that's a compliment. The open space with modern artwork makes IAO a place I love to just go spend some time. I'd definitely check back often, and see what new fun things they have going on.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,7/9/2014,35,104,4,6,4>I am in love with Thai food, and I believe this will be my new favorite place to get it. From the outside it doesn't look special but, the special is found within! I love the waitressTim. She is hilarious! It was my first time there and she pretended to know me and knew what I would order. She instantly put me in a good mood with her enthusiasm about everything. She even made water exciting! I ordered the chicken satay and spring rolls as appetizers. For my entree I had the chicken pad Thai 3 star spicy. You can order it 1-3 stars worth of spicy. I loove spicy food and boy it was hot! It was very spicy but, you could still taste the other flavors. My friend didn't know what to order so Tim picked something for her. She had the beef Thai basil. She loved it and she can be a little picky. She had it without spicy... The service was fun and fast. The food was hot and delicious. Our food was prepared very fast. I look forward to taking other people here who share my love for Thai food.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,7/8/2014,33,58,,5,3>My husband & I decided to try someplace new for our Saturday lunch.  More accurately, I decided we should try someplace new.  When he is ready to eat, he always says "Where are you taking me?"  I always ask him if he has any preferences and he usually says no.  Unless I am craving something special, I usually give him more than one choice.  This time I did not give him any other choices.  I had decided it would be more convenient to eat someplace that, in relation to our home, was headed in the direction I needed to go after we ate.  Neither of us had eaten at any of The Garage locations before but I had read the good reviews on Yelp and know that I don't have to twist his arm to hard to go where he can get a good burger & fries.  I am the one that is pickier about the menu and wants some healthier options.The Garage has so many options, almost too many.  I had not had a chance to look at the menu before we arrived.  We ordered at the counter.  There wasn't a line when we got there but one quickly formed.  I was still trying to see all the options so we let several people go in front of us.  When my husband says "I need to eat now", I know I have to quickly decide and place my order.  When he gets hungry, he gets in a foul, mean mood.  I think it's a dropping blood sugar thing.  He ordered a mushroom swiss burger with a bison patty and an order of fresh cut fries.  I choose a healthy burger option - whole wheat bun, garden burger, grilled onions & pineapple salsa.  With a healthy burger I didn't feel quite as guilty about ordering the Parmesan Garlic fries.While waiting on our food, we logged in to their free wifi and watched World Cup soccer on one TV & college baseball on the one next to it.  There was no volume on the TVs so they didn't interfere with the music playing.  The music was not too loud and amazingly the restaurant was not too cold.  Restaurants usually freeze me out with their air conditioning set high enough to cool the kitchen where the cooking is done.  I usually bring a sweater or jacket but this time I just had a 3/4 sleeve shirt jacket on but it was enough.We both enjoyed our burgers and fries.  We got a container of mustard to go with the ketchup already on the table and added to our heart's content.  My combination was messy to eat but tasted good.  Next time we will need to split an order of fries and try the sweet potato fries.  I made the mistake of eating all my fries and was stuffed until late that night.  Even worse than being stuffed was not being able to get the garlic taste out of my mouth even after eating a mint, using mouthwash and brushing my teeth.  In addition to the garlic, they used way too much Parmesan cheese on the fries.  After eating all the fries out of the container, there was a ton of garlic flavored parmesan being thrown away.Love the location, parking was easy, the prices were reasonable and the food was good.  We will definitely return.  Next time, I will study the menu in advance so I will know what to order right away.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,7/7/2014,23,24,3,6,4>When friends come into town from the west coast ranting and raving about In-N-Out Burger or Five Guys, I tend to play it close to the vest and take them on a secret journey to a secret world of meat, onions and happiness. That journey ends in the middle of the Big Mother Tucker--a monstrosity of a burger sure to leave the burliest lumberjack shaking in his boots. And don't worry... if you aren't ready to tackle the Mt. Rushmore of burgers, Tuckers offers a variety of sizes and options to fit whatever appetite you bring to the table. Pair that burger with a delicious order of fresh cut french fries, and you have yourself one of the best burgers OKC has ever served up.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,7/6/2014,5,99,9,4,3>I went for a jog the other day, that is to say, I jogged a few feet - then walked, and every time a car would drive by I'd try to pick up the pace to make it look like I had been jogging all along (hashtag: outofshape). Anywho, at a particular point in my "jog" - somewhere in or around the myriad gardens, the scent of something amazing graced my nostrils. Flint?! (hashtag: laughingoutloud, hashtag: yeahright). No, this was something different, something I hadn't smelled before, definitely something new. So I shoved my way through the hoards of ice skaters waiting patiently to skate on all three square feet of ice rink (hashtag: cramped), and made my way into the Park House to investigate the wonderful aroma. I was fairly convinced that I had located the source of the smell when I was greeted by rotisserie chicken twirling above an open flame. Yeah, this place'll do - I said aloud to nobody in particular, possibly the chicken (hashtag: whoknows). It was quite clear from the decor though that I was severely under dressed, so I turned back around and sprinted all the way home (hashtag: joggedtenfeet, hashtag: walkedtherest) to clean up a bit. We returned later for lunch. As I said, the decor is all very nice - a large, open dining area filled with plenty of natural light, centered around a well-stocked bar (hashtag: alcoholic). It's really a great location for a restaurant. I'm not sure where you'll park, but I wouldn't worry about it (hashtag: unpaidparkingtickets). Their menu is centered around their wine selection and the cuisine is... wait for it... New American (hashtag: heresmyshockedface, hashtag: whathappenedtooldamerican?) We started off with the spinach and artichoke dip - which was a nice deviation from the normal artichoke dip you might have come to expect. It featured large pieces of fresh spinach and didn't overdo it on the cheese, just a light dusting of crispy breadcrumbs on the top. I ordered the salmon - and was very glad that I did. The salmon was cooked perfectly, medium / medium rare (hashtag: nothingworsethanovercookedsalmon). It was tender and juicy, and I was happy. It came served over lentils, with a cauliflower puree and some roasted cauliflower. I did find it a little odd that they decided to do a cauliflower puree AND serve that with roasted cauliflower. What are you trying to tell me Park House? You don't think I'm eating enough cauliflower?! Or perhaps they just ordered too much cauliflower for the month, who knows (hashtag: theworldmayneverknow). Point is, maybe some roasted carrots or a different vegetable wouldn't hurt to set it apart from the puree, all's I'm sayin. Other than the salmon, some other dishes were the rotisserie chicken salad, and the fish and chips. The fish and chips is not a dish for the faint of heart... errr, any one with any heart issues for that matter. It's a lot of fried food - all very good, but probably not the best if you're into things like staying active / jogging / living past the age of 35. The fish batter could have used a little more seasoning but the fish was juicy. The waffle fries were crispy and the slaw was not bad either. Even came with a cute little vinegar dispenser to dress it like those crazy Brits do (hashtag: yousoundlikeyourefromlondon) The rotisserie chicken salad proved to be a much healthier option than the fish and chips. The rotisserie chicken was cooked perfectly, no complaints there.And because no healthy meal would be complete without dessert, why not order the donuts and coffee?! (hashtag: ijogsoicaneatmore) The warm mini-donuts were pretty heavenly - melt-in-your-mouthy. They came served with a light and airy coffee mousse - perfect compliment to the donuts. So there you have it, I have to say I'm pretty impressed with the new (new american) restaurant that the myriad gardens has to offer. The atmosphere is great, business casual type feel - I wouldn't necessarily recommend going in your jogging attire. The prices are a little higher than what you'd expect to pay at Luby's... but this is NEW american we're talking about (hashtag: dontbestingy). Think: Ludivine, Flint, Cheever's in terms of similar prices. Anywho, looks like this place is here to stay, a good addition to our downtown dining scene so be sure to give it a try whenever you get a chance.Overall Grade: A- (hashtag: pertydarngood)
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,7/5/2014,61,78,2,5,3>Honestly I'm not a kiss and tell kind of gal BUT when it comes to finding a gem, I blab.I read Elite* Sabrina's wonderful review about the ladies at Brow Artz. I was in awe that someone could remove hair with string and their teeth. Perhaps I went for sheer curiosity or the shock value I was expecting but I'm still amazed. As much as I'd love to say I caught her name when I walked it, it slipped my mind when she frowned at my eyebrows. The glance moved down to my arms, she shook her head. I knew it was going to get hairy- or less hairy if I stayed.The nice lady told me to recline and that I was not allowed to tweeze my own face hedges anymore, she was appalled. A string in her mouth and another whirling above my head was creating a masterpiece. I thought maybe I could make excuses about the steroids I take for MS causing freakish hair growth like Ebenezer Scrooge but to no avail. I decided we had removed enough to let other folks know I wasn't the grinch so I figured lets do the leg wax!Oh Sweet 8 lb Baby Jesus. Or Oprah. Or Tom Cruise... Whatever is a higher power for you.20 minutes later we were done and I had no regrets except maybe to take an ibuprofen first if your a newbie.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,7/4/2014,190,56,,6,4>Always a favorite stop in Norman. Always. It's almost a necessity to eat here after a busy weekend in that college town. Coolest thing of all, it was featured on Diners Drive-Ins and Dives on the Food Network! You walk in... seat yourself... even if there is a wait to be seated, it's never for very long. They turn tables here so fast. Sit a small booth or sit at the bar, if your group is bigger than 4 people, you'll have to split up. Everything about the atmosphere and service is very diner-esque. It's exactly what you'd think and expect from a diner. Service is always efficient and the servers normally have A LOT of personality.Now the food... PS, they have condiments for days! They can perfectly cook eggs all day long, have awesome biscuits and gravy, and their specials are almost always on point. No one judges me if I eat pancake syrup with my sausage patties, half the crowd is hung over from the night before, the other half are an older group of regulars that get treated so well, it's just a darn good place to eat.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,7/3/2014,37,113,2,5,3>Let's Do Greek is my absolute favorite place to go when I'm craving falafel, hummus, spanakopita, and the like. It's a frequent spot for me as it's close to work and home!I don't think I've ever had a bad experience here. The staff are always super friendly and polite. The food is quick and tastes phenomenal. Did you know that they make everything from scratch? A side of hummus and pita bread is worth getting just for the made-from-scratch hummus alone. My go-to tends to be a falafel sandwich, which they load up so fully that it often takes a fork to help me complete it! The shwarma sandwich is delicious as well.If you're in Edmond and want some good Greek food, definitely stop in here. They even have a punch card if you're a frequent diner like myself. ;)
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,7/2/2014,83,76,4,6,4>How to drink Vietnamese coffee? Don't order the To-go coffee. Order it with the filter. Wait until all of the coffee drips in the glass. Use the spoon to stir it like you stir your egg until you see all the bubbles. The purpose is to wake up all of the flavor and aroma. Get rid of the melted water in the ice glass aka. pour the melted water in your finished soup bowl. Then pour the coffee in the ice glass. Stir it again. Don't be afraid of the noise. The taste of your coffee will be a lot better with the strong aroma. Now you are drinking like a sophisticated Vietnamese coffee drinker. Enjoy!
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,7/1/2014,47,154,6,8,6>Okay, it's time for me to give this place the honest review I know that most of you expect out of me these days. No fluff, just real talk. So, let's roll...First, the atmosphere isn't for everyone...hell, it's not even for me really. It's an odd collection of cowboys, kiddos, dude-bros, and hippies like me. I guess steak brings everyone together?!? Anywho, let's skip the atmosphere and go straight to the place itself. I wouldn't go so far as to say that it "looks" like a saloon/restaurant from the 1800s...but if the year were 1885, I think all of us would look around and say, "yep, this is about what I'd expect a restaurant from 1885 to look like."Now, onto the food. Like most people, I come here for the steak. I don't come to Cattlemen's for their awesome sides or fantastic service, just the steak. When I come here, I specificially order a medium rare rib eye steak...and EVERY SINGLE TIME, I have gotten a perfectly cooked medium rare rib eye steak. That's really all that matters to me, especially when I'm in the mood for steak. No, their salad isn't very good. Is it edible? Of course it is. Dog food is edible...not that I'm comparing their salad to dog food, because it's not...just stating that their salad is, well, edible. Other than their yeast rolls, which are top notch, I can't even really say much about their other sides, because I usually just stick to my steak.Another item that must be brought up about Cattlemen's is their drinks. Cattlemen's plays no games when it comes to their adult beverages. I'll usually order a Jack and Coke...and I swear to you that the glass is 9/10 Jack and 1/10 Coke...and I'm convinced the Coke is only added to "lighten" the color of the drink. If you decide to have some drinky drinks, prepare yourself.The service at Cattlemen's isn't terrible, per se. It just always seems like they are understaffed. The servers are almost always running around the restaurant like they're in a 5k. Does this bother me? No. Do I feel bad that it seems like the service is lacking only because Cattlemen's never seems to have enough servers? Yes. With that being said, every server I've ever had at Cattlemen's has been very nice, patient, and friendly.Overall, I like Cattlemen's. The weird, rustic, not sure if you're going to meet Marty McFly and Doc from 1885 vibe works for me. I'll be going back. I always do.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,11/20/2012,182,106,,5,2>Wow. I was blown away by the delicious goodness of Golden Phoenix for lunch today. I shared the thai tea, spring rolls, roasted duck, and filet minon with garlic sauce, The total bill was $30 dollars! No, that was not a misprint. The portions were large and the quality of the meat was amazing. The spring rolls were satisfactory. The duck fell off the bone and the filet minon was flavored wonderfully and quite tender. The thai tea tasted homemade. However, a bit of burned crust was floating in the tea. Other than, that I couldn't find a thing wrong with this place. The menu is extensive and I doubt there is one dish not worth trying. I also recommend the pickled jalapenos condiment placed on the tables. They were crisp and delicately flavored. I will be back soon....Well done Golden Phoenix. Well done.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,11/19/2012,292,440,,4,2>A bit difficult to find if you've never been there, but alas GPS to the rescue. Next to Sara Sara Cupcakes, Iguana was super busy on Tuesdays because they have a Taco Tuesday Special ($1 for select tacos). They have 5 different kinds of tacos for $1:1) Chicken Crispy Taco2) Beef Crispy Taco3) Fish Crispy Taco4) Turkey Sloppy Joe Soft Taco5) Lengua Soft Taco (Cow Tongue!)First of all, I had to try them all, even though it was my first time there it was so worth it! It was only $5 too! But they are all really small, but for a buck, it's worth it.Food:Chicken Crispy Taco - has a chipotle mayo sauce on it and is quite small, but the taste is AMAZING! The grilled taste is really vibrant in this chicken taco and it was really delishBeef Crispy Taco - average, the ground beef was reminded me of Taco Bell, not as worth it than other tacosFish Crispy Taco - pretty good, but you could tell that the fish was frozen before, because the texture was just a bit off. Definitely looking for a bit more on this tacoTurkey Sloppy Joe Soft Taco - this was surprisingly good, the sloppy joe meat didnt even taste like turkey, it tasted like pork, which was really good. Would definitely recommend trying this oneLengua Soft Taco - COW TONGUE .... mhmm seems a little sketchy right? Well it was delicious! Sort of like tender beef, definitely worth a try.Drinks:I had the perfect margarita, it was good, but really light on the alcohol and for $6 I could have gotten better elsewhereAmbiance - Was really busy when I got there, luckily my group was already seated. The decor is nice and the ambiance is lively, but it's a bit loud.Overall - Taco Tuesdays is a great way to try all of their tacos, haven't tried any of their other food, but I would recommend it for a nice happy hour with tacos!
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,11/18/2012,126,43,,10,3>i grew up with an older brother that is a tattoo fanatic (knuckles to shoulders on both arms, neck, back, chest, stomach... all covered) and loved to drag me along while he got work done.  i've seen good shops, bad shops, and garage/backroom setups.  that being said i never got a tattoo myself.  i was always worried it would hurt too much, or that i would regret whatever fad tattoo i liked at the time.  i recently lost a dog to cancer that was very special to my wife and i and decided i wanted a tattoo in his honor.  i knew ashley smith from the plaza district and was very familiar with her work and her shop.  it was always a cool place to hop in and check out and close to some of my favorite places to hang out, so when i decided to go forward with it i knew it had to be her.  i sketched a very poor drawing of what i was wanting and sent it to her along with some photos and scheduled an appointment.  she nailed it.  every symbol was there, and it was way better than i could've imagined.  once i saw the drawing i knew i wanted to go through with it. she was incredibly supportive and patient with me.  i had a lot of questions and was real nervous so i kept talking.  she had no problem taking a break when i needed it and even stayed late to get it finished that day.i always wanted a tattoo but never saw myself actually doing it.  now i plan on getting at least 2 more for my other two dogs and maybe more.she made the experience a very special memory, and her work was incredible.  i've had ppl that are very good at recognizing a well done tattoo and they have all told me that ashley did some great work.  i couldnt agree more.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,11/17/2012,34,109,,1,1>A+++ Great...Sushi, Dinner & AtmosphereMy husband and I came into Saii as we were driving by...it is close to home and we liked the signage...so we thought we would take a chance - we are glad that we did!Saii is now one of most favorite go-to sushi and more places. The staff and chefs are super accommodating. The food is fresh, well prepared, excellently presented with generous portions. The atmosphere is really happening - surprising given its staid facade.Some of our non-sushi favs are the spicy scallops and pungent chicken - a nicely executed version of sweet and sour chicken.All of the dinner options have been executed with care. Overall - excellent. Check Saii out.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2012,11/16/2012,93,44,,2,2>I came here based on a recommendation from someone at work, and I liked several things about it. It is a simple place with an old feel. Service was great. I ordered the t-bone which is what I think they are known for and it was a great steak. Had their local beer with it which was awesome. Nothing overwhelming but I wouldn't mind going back. I also sat at the counter as I was alone and it was a good, simple restaurant that only cares about the food and service.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,11/15/2012,93,112,4,7,6>For this side of the border this is about as good as it gets.  Another reviewer said it was "uncomfortably authentic," which to someone who has not spent much time in Mexico nor speaks any Spanish would probably agree.  This place is phenomenal and a must stop in OKC's burgeoning Hispanic District.  They have tacos of all types; asada, lengua, you name it.  They also have the mother of all Mexican dishes: Pozole! Unfortunately, I can't attest to the goodness of the Pozole as it is only served at special times and I have unfortunately never been there for that but that is about as authentic a Mexican dish as you can get.  A nice bonus is also the pasteleria that is in the same building that serves the greatest of all Mexican beverages - licuadaos!  Treat yourself and indulge in some tacos and then get a freshly prepared licuado or a malteada and don't be intimidated if you don't speak Spanish, the staff is very friendly and helpful.  This place has been rated as one of El Nacional's (Oklahoma City's Spanish Newspaper) "Lo Mejor" (The Best) for several years in a row as well.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,11/14/2012,443,449,12,8,4>American Chinese food is American Chinese food is American Chinese food. Occasionally, you come across places like this, which makes you reconsider this opinion. Chen's is a shrimp lover's dream. And by dream, I mean it's a heart attack waiting to happen.In my humble opinion, this is by far the best that OKC has to offer as far as Chinese buffets go, and that's not because of a huge selection, but rather because what they have, they do really well. Also, you don't feel like you're dying at the end of your meal. To be honest, I don't even stay for the buffet because it's always so busy in there. So here is my advice to you, fellow Yelper:1. Go in and tell them that you want to get some food to go. 2. Load up on the following items: Coconut Shrimp, Spicy Shrimp, Coconut Chicken, Salt & Pepper Chicken, and this one Spicy Shrimp/Chicken combo. Get roughly a pound of that. If you want some carbs to balance out the cholesterol, get some rice also. 3. Pay approximately $4.00 for aforementioned pound of food. Touch the katanas (which are Japanese... Weird) while you wait next to the register. You will be glared at if you actually pick them up and swing them though. 4. Talk to your doctor about getting some prescription statins (Lipitor, Crestor, Zocor, etc.)5. Thank me for teaching you one more way to kill yourself a little faster. And you're welcome.P.S. This may not mean much, but this is also the only Chinese restaurant I've been to where the sushi doesn't taste like absolute garbage. Yay for slightly above average Japanese food at an American Chinese restaurant!
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,11/13/2012,47,207,,3,5>I ADORE this place.  I have been taking my son here to play, run around and explore for years.  We have even seen deer on many occasions.  We love to look in the little museum, play on their AWESOME new playground and walk around all the trails.  I love the way the trails are set up because you CANNOT get lost.  Even me, who gets lost on my own neighborhood, can figure out these trails.  They all make a circle and come back to the same place.  We love feeding the fish and the turtles off the bridges and watching for more deer and deer tracks.  The different seasons bring out different wildlife and foliage.  I love that this is a free place that I can take my son in the city to experience some natural wildlife.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,11/12/2012,44,33,,1,1>Bellini's is another one of OKC's jewels.  Everyone there is very nice and professional, and the food is fantastic.  My wife and I went there for a date night and it was wonderful.  They have a very nice selection of vino from both the states and Italy.  They also have fantastic frozen drinks, like their signature peach Bellini with a splash of raspberry liquor, or a post dinner brandy ice which my wife and I enjoyed immensely!   For dinner we started with some amazing bruschetta, which was extremely fresh and flavorful.  For the main course we enjoyed some very flavorful pasta which was amazing!  I've found that you can't really go wrong in the food here, I have greatly enjoyed everything that I've had.If you enjoy a little more fresh air, they have a very nice patio with lots of space for you, with a beautiful ambiance.  All in all, we love this place, and will definitely be back many times in the future!
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,11/11/2012,41,399,,3,1>An interesting, trendy restaurant. The menu is what I envision as the model for most restaurants of 2020. I had the pork belly risotto. It was wonderful! Green chili spicy, creamy, lots of tomatoes in a sea of rice with two nice slices of delicious "bacon". We also enjoyed the Farmers Market salads. They had a great mixture of lettuce, veggies, and goat cheese.Our service was impeccable. They have a good drink/beer menu. It was an enjoyable lunch.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2011,4/9/2012,52,80,1,6,3>Dear Waffle Champ,Hope you don't mind me calling you Champ, I like to shorten things, maybe it's a California thing.  Everything you are doing for the Mobile Food Truck scene in OKC is right.  You've got innovative delicious food, quickly prepared, easily and neatly consumed served from a super cute truck with a smile.  The only thing I hunger for, besides more Waffle Champ Belgian Sammies, is prices next to your items on the menu.  It would help me better budget my funds to maximize getting more of your food in my mouth.  xoxo,jessicaiP.S. The thick cut bacon, cheese and egg waffle was pretty good.  The Spicy Sauage, x-sharp cheddar, caramelized onions WITH maple syrup is some next level stuff.  I think it's the maple syrup that really takes it over the edge.  Really, nice work.  I'll be stalking you around town for more tasty treats!P.P.S.  Also, thank you for taking credit cards!  You've thought of everything!
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2012,4/7/2012,139,130,,2,1>This gastropub replaced the Norman Iron Starr and it does the space proud.  The decor is modern and still feels homey, which is fitting for the upscale comfort food.  I had a glass of wine, but will definitely return for a cherry basil mojito.  The Scotch list was enough to make my husband drool, but since it was a school night he settled for a local brew (Brewhouse, owned by the same folks) which paired nicely with the pot roast. After a tragic misstep at Red Robin I have avoided fish & chips, but Blackbird may have restored my faith in this bar staple.  The service was good enough-- not overly friendly or helpful but they did their job.  The prices were reasonable, the food and drink menus were extensive and I look forward to trying a few more items.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,4/6/2012,106,224,2,2,2>I would give this place 5 stars, but I found the garlic shrimp in my noodle bowl to be extremely garlicky which.. I don't like extremely garlicky, but they were out of the tofu that day. However, I do think this place is the best Vietnamese food in Oklahoma. I love their veggie eggrolls, shrimp spring rolls, banh mi sandwich, and the tofu is amazing! Explains why they ran out the last time I went. Anyways, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves simple fresh Vietnamese cuisine.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,4/5/2012,11,43,,2,2>Cafe do Brasil is a real treasure.  Wonderful food (best ceviche i've had yet), cool atmosphere and the upstairs bar/patio is my favorite place to be on a warm summer evening.  Try the traditional rum drink, the name of which I'm blanking on.  The service has been a bit off each time i've eaten there though.  If they could rein in their waitstaff this would surely become a five yelp star establishment.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2012,4/4/2012,6,4,2,1,1>This was as good as the reviews promised!! This was my first taste of Pho and now I'm hooked! I was surprised how friendly the staff were with two first timers. Our waitress took her time with us and explained the difference between some of the PHO choices. This is a great place for first times to try this delicious soup. We also tried the Chinese egg rolls. They crispy, fresh and not greasy. The atmosphere is very casual. Every table has a set up of chop sticks, spoons and forks, this allows every one to feel comfortable.My girlfriend says she will be wanting to have this brought to her when she is sick. She says" chicken noodle soup out of a can will never be good enough again".
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2011,4/3/2012,31,66,,2,1>So my boyfriend and I went to the Wedge late on a Friday evening.  I was anxious to try the Napoli even though I rarely eat meat the Pancetta on this pizza really made it worthwhile.  The textures on this pie were spot on with the saltiness of the pancetta and the soft peppery arugula made a delicious meal.  We also has the wedge trio - fantastic and we ate the Dulce de Leche gelato for dessert.  A wonderful meal that is super close to our place.  Their beer selection was also different and satisfying. Their patio looks chill as well, I can't wait till it cools off a little.Our server was super nice.  Thanks Chelsea for being awesome!You can also buy their raw pizza dough to take home and make your own pie!  Love that.And I liked the music they played in the background.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,4/2/2012,93,253,4,5,2>While this place is more geared toward their large selection of alcohol, I can speak more toward the atmosphere and food. They have a large menu, with a wide variety. You can always expect that the food will be good, never great. It's one of those places that is good to go and get a pizza with friends, and watch a game. The burgers are quite tasty. They have good flavor and they are juicy. As much as I love the burgers here, try the meatloaf! This place has one of the best meatloaf dishes I have had in a long time. Its traditional southern comfort food. The BBQ sauce they use on the meatloaf is down right delicious.The only drawback is the fact that parking kind of stinks when it gets crowded. So if you plan to watch a game, or go here for a Friday night, you better get there an hour ahead of time.This is a great place to hang out with your friends and watch the game! Nice location, and not at all "dive-y." Family friendly, and great for kids during the day.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2011,4/1/2012,104,246,,3,3>Three floors of hundreds of different beers and great food! I love coming to Mcnellie's to eat sweet potato fries and drink Franziskaner. The staff are knowledgeable and can help you figure out what different kinds of beer you might like.  Although there are a few female bartenders that will only serve you if you seek them out which gets really frustrating. I have almost always had a pleasant experience but it tends to get incredibly busy on the weekends and you have to stand around and wait for a seat.  You can put your name on the list to sit on the second floor, though, which is cool. And if you have kids, you can bring them to eat!
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,3/31/2012,5,48,,2,1>Refreshingly different for OKC. It has a authentic feel to it; little bit of a hippie feel too. Interesting decor. Great outdoor seating areas. The smoothies are amazing. Both the Inner City and Classen smoothies have real fresh fruit. They are pricey but worth it. Great food. Very fresh. If you're not into veggie things steer clear of the veggie meatballs and similar items. There is no meat or soda anywhere at this place, but that is kind of the point. That being said I sometimes wish they would have meat because some of the food would be great with meat.  Closes early most days (5 pm).
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2011,3/30/2012,125,125,5,5,3>I'm obsessed with their Huevos Rancheros. They fry handmade corn tortillas and lay them on a plate covered with black beans, sunny-side-up eggs, ranchero sauce, pico de gallo, sour cream, and slices of avocado (which, by the way, is a million times better then guacamole.) This dish alone has made me fall in love with Café Kacao.And their waitstaff makes me blush : )
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,2/10/2013,0,6,,2,2>Possibly the best theatre group in the metro area! They've done years and years of great shows and (almost) never fail to disappoint. During October they do performances of The Rocky Horror Picture Show, which is interactive and one of the best times you'll have at the theatre. Their summer seasons are always great line-ups and they've often brought in some big names (the 2012 Summer Season featured Chita Rivera). The Plaza Theatre is a great space that is just big enough to fit a nice sized audience, but still intimate. If you're a theatre fan and haven't checked out their shows yet, you're missing out.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,2/9/2013,1,23,,6,1>When you open the door and walk into Evoke, you will seriously go, "wow"!  The contemporary decor is great.  Each time I've been in, the service is perfect.  To your left is a long bar, with stools, to sit and enjoy a cup, without feeling rushed or awkward.  The lunch items are limited, but the ones I've tried, very good.  Tables also plentiful.  They have a funky checkout!  I went in late on a Saturday night around thanksgiving, and it has a good bar feel, EXCEPT they had these awful fluorescent lights that really kill the "cool" mood.  People were congregating in the back, having a glass of wine or cup of coffee, and that was nice to see in downtown Edmond.  But, because of the garish lighting, they just stuck out.  seriously hope the owners lower the lights, when the sun goes down, and light some congresspeople would flock to this place!2/24/13  I ran in before church and grabbed an espresso to go and was relieved and excited to see the owners have installed some really neat pin lights, I guess they are called, suspended from the ceiling in the back...I've got to go at night and check it out.  The guys at the coffee bar are always super nice.  And I still rave about their check-out.  You have an option on every purchase to add a tip! and they tell me it's less expensive for them to use this system than those offered by MasterCard, Visa, etc.  I think he said $300 a year, versus a percent for each transaction.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,2/8/2013,107,12,3,4,4>When you come to STASH, get ready to fill your car with wonderful goods from all sorts and places and times. There is a lot to see here, and it's worth the time to take an afternoon while browsing around. Things are new almost every day I come in here, so why not take yourself on a new adventure?Posters, clothes, postcards, stationary, flasks and jewelry. It's hard to go here and think, "I probably don't need anything" because you leave thinking "I need everything!"As I've said in a few of my other reviews, this place is filled with love. The first time I walked in, I went alone and was a little intimidated. I go to several different local businesses alone to get the full effect, but I instantly fell in love with this place. I'll be honest and say I'm always drawn to the antiques in the store as opposed to some of the local goods because I know there's a high chance this item will be gone for good the next time I come in. If I don't buy it now, I may never get a chance to lay my eyes on it. First come, first serve, people.However, that isn't how it is with the staff. Everyone is welcoming and everyone is so kind. I went in and experienced the "I think I wanna buy this today" and wound up with a bike. Since I live up north and drive a Mini Cooper, I'm a little stupid because I had no way of getting my bike. This staff is amazing and was willing to find someone to take it up to my place for me. They didn't want me to have to try to find a way to bring it up myself, they tried to find someone to take it to my house.This service has yet to be seen anywhere else. The passion put into this place is comparable to many other shops in Oklahoma that I've seen. If I could just sit on their couch and read a book, I would. If I could just sit with them behind the desk and see what great things are coming in, I would. If I could just sit and have a cup of coffee with them down the street, I would.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,2/7/2013,12,19,,2,1>Too bad this place doesn't deliver or else I'd be ordering from this place every week! I went to go pick up my pizza, and hated having to find a parking spot nearby.  Other than the annoying parking meters, it is conveniently close to the campus in case students want to grab some lunch in between classes.  I love the unique ingredients, such as Polish Kielbasa, prosciutto, salami, and the olive oil/herb 'sauce' that you can substitute instead of marinara.  Compared to other pizza places, I would choose this one over others if I want the different ingredients from the norm, or was walking around Campus Corner. Definitely suggest people try this!!
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,2/6/2013,65,47,3,2,2>I like big drinks and I can not lie, you other people can not deny, that when a round drink is in your face, you get sprung!Don's is smokey, it is crowded, the people can sometimes be suspect, but they have a great staff and big drinks to make you forget about all the rest of the bad. I really wish they would bring back Karaoke, so I could get my drunk sing on. Everyone should go at least once and marvel in how liquor is poured into a fish bowl type glass.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,2/5/2013,51,85,,1,1>I have been there 3 weeks in a row now and I could not be more impressed. The flow of the restaurant and bar are great. Very attentive staff. The burgers rank up there with the best in Oklahoma and the best I have every had! I like how they are inventive with their culinary skills as well. I had the bacon infused vodka bloody mary and it was great. Tried the Moscow mule which is a must. Overall The Garage gets the 5 star vote. I would recommend to anyone!
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,2/4/2013,9,40,,2,1>I went here with some of my family over the Christmas holiday.  Its a good family style restaurant.  You have about 7-8 entrees to choose from.  All of them cost the same, and come with salad and all the sides they offer.  The sides and entrees are served family style on a big plate for sharing. The sides are unlimited, so feel free to get as much as you want.  I got the bbq chicken, and it was pretty good.  The salad was from a bag, and almost an afterthought.  The entrees and sides were pretty good, but nothing was spectacular.  Its a good spot to go once in a while, but not a regular spot.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,2/3/2013,11,4,,3,1>Terrific food with plenty of options from traditional American breakfast to amazing Mexican breakfast or lunch. There was a 15 minute wait when we went and then about a 15 minute wait for the food. But it was well worth it!We ordered the special and didn't think twice. We couldn't finish it all, but were begging our bodies to let us. Probably easier to get in during the week, but Sunday for brunch wasn't bad. Go there! If this was in a major city, it'd have a line out the door always!
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,2/2/2013,24,135,,3,1>Wow. I had heard talk that this was great Chinese food and it did not disappoint. They were one of the few restaurants serving on New Years Day after 9pm. They open around 11AM and don't close until 11PM, closed Tuesday. It was a special day, so I had the lobster. I wasn't impressed with the meat of the lobster, but it's taste and presentation was impeccable. Don't order this with anyone who will be bothered by you sucking every last piece of meat out of the shell. You will use your hands! It is worth the embarrassment!We also had Egg Drop soup & Hunan chicken. Both incredibly fresh and wonderful tastes. I will order those again.We were a little disappointed they had no beer, but the sweet waitress let us know to BYOB next time. By the empty handles of liquor on the next table, they are serious.Overall this is a great place. They are open late. It is BYOB. The staff is friendly and attentive. The menu is traditional, but has lots of unique items. The food is fresh and tastes wonderful!
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,2/1/2013,45,165,,3,3>This is a lovely museum. I really like the Chihuly display. His art is amazing. The staff is incredibly friendly. You have to see it all for yourself. The museum also has events on their rooftop Thursday nights. The theater plays movies you generally will not catch in a conventional theater. The gift shop has all sorts of neat stuff. The restaurant is fab(and warranted its own review). Parking is available in a lot behind the museum. Enjoy!
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2011,5/21/2012,21,4,,4,3>If you are a lover of wine, you definitely want to hit up Put A Cork In It. One of the things I love about living in Oklahoma, possibly the thing I love the most is the people. The people here are kind, genuine, and down to earth. When you arrive at Put A Cork In It, you will get a true sense of Oklahoma hospitality and you'll get to taste great wine made right in the heart of Bricktown. Walk in, grab a seat at the bar or in the front seating area offering views of the Bricktown canal, and you'll be welcomed with a heartfelt grin and asked what kind of wine you'd like to sample. Guests are allowed to sample up to 5 wines for free or you can purchase a souvenir glass for $10 and sample as many as you'd like! Once you find a wine that you like (and I promise you it won't take long for that to happen!) you can purchase a glass or two, or buy a bottle or several to take home with you. Make sure you check out the beautiful labels and the unique names of the wines ... my personal fave is Skirt Alert Sauvignon Blanc, how clever! Or try the Indian Paintbrush Merlot, YUM :)Custom labels can be made and ordered for special events such as weddings and they have a private room that can be reserved for birthday parties, reunions, or bachelorette parties. Put A Cork In It is a hidden gem in Bricktown but one I frequent any time I get a chance ... a great place to take out of town visitors, friends, family or your special someone.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,5/20/2012,22,9,,1,1>Found my sushi groove in okc! Great environment, clean, fast service and very helpful staff... It is family owned also ... So it can't  get any better.. You can order online and they will have it ready, but they also do deliveries.Ifbyou are new to sushi try the fish lips made with yellow tail.... Super mild but add thevsesame seeds it gives a little bit of texture and a nutty flavor to the mix
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2010,5/19/2012,23,134,,1,1>This is the first bubble tea I've tried since I've been in Oklahoma.  I accidentally ran into this place after trying Panang Thai Restaurant, which is right next to the place.  I didn't know if they had bubble tea or not so I decided to walk in and find it.  Surprisingly, there was bubble tea!  I ordered the milk Thai Tea with boba and it was pretty good.  There's so much more flavors that I have to try in the near future.  The only thing I thought was different is that they serve the drinks in a regular plastic cup.  I usually get my bubble tea in a sealed off cup where you can poke the straw through the sealed lid.  Oh well, guess I have to get used to this one but it's no biggy.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2011,5/18/2012,58,59,,1,1>This, without doubt, one of my favorite places in okc.  It is what it sounds like-- a tea house, with a wall full of tea in all varieties, even matcha that the ... Tearistas?... mix and swish.  All of the teas are excellent quality, prepared with the proper water temperatures and steeped for the proper amount of time. Also a plus?  The staff are all super nice.As to the decor, I love it. There's a lot of open space, and the furniture has a modern feel without being sterile.  The background music is nice, and not too distracting if you want to read.Only caveat is the price, but it's appropriate for the quality of the tea-- it's just that most places use lower quality tea and thus can charge less.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,5/17/2012,104,71,5,4,2>O Asian Fusion.  Ex Pizza-Hut turned good guy.  The hero of the east side.  Weekend reservations recommended.It is fair to say that there are very few other serious restaurants in a 3 mile radius of O, and pretty much everyone knows this, so rightfully it stays busy.  To be squarely critical, though, the robust "Asian fusion" menu would be "borderline typical" in a metropolitan city.  Yes they have great sushi, great noodles, and great curries under one mansard roof, but we have a word for that in Oklahoma.  We call it Chinese food.Vegetarians will find plenty to eat, adventurous eaters can definitely find something on the menu, and picky eaters or those with allergies will have no trouble communicating their needs to the staff, if you catch my drift.  If you don't catch my drift it means the staff speaks english.I know I'm critical of the use of the word "fusion", but I have a theory that it does help deter some of the less desirable patrons.  I've never had to contend with a kids birthday party or a redneck social and I believe it is because the restaurant is not called "O Chinese Food."  Also, as a result, I've never had a server who is upset because they just had to clean up smashed Cheerios, or got a $5 tip on $100 worth of Bud LIght.The decor is tasteful and well done.  There is a sushi bar and a bar bar on opposite sides of the dining room.  There is a cute semi-private area in the corner for small parties.  There are seats where you can see the TV, but the picture on the TV looks like its from a homemade antenna. Seriously i've seen clearer pictures on AM radio, folks.  Its the only glaring inclusion in an otherwise very nice interior, which, I might add is quite un-hutlike.In their never ending quest to make O not look like a Pizza Hut they added a very nice looking patio.  I didn't think that was a great idea- exposed to 12th street and literally surrounded by the dumpsters of (multiple) fried chicken/chicken finger kitchens, a gas station, and a BBQ joint. I sat outside recently, however, and was pleasantly surprised at how few hoosiers drove by and that I was never aware of any of the neighboring businesses' odors.Which brings me to the most important part, or arguably the important part. What is truly great about going to O Asian Fusion is that you forget about where you are.  They offer a complete dining escape devoid of the usual reminders that you are on the wrong side of the tracks in a town thats just pretty cool in a state that was the last guy picked for kickball.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,5/16/2012,19,7,,2,1>Super delicioso!I really love Alfredos, the corn salsa is out of this world and the complimentary sopa piaz are a great treat to finish your meal.  I find as far as mexican restaurants in the area go, I choose Alfredo's most times and the service is great.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2010,5/15/2012,0,27,,3,1>Norman's mighty taco truck now serves lengua tacos!  That's "cow tongue" in layman's terms. And let me just say they are deeeEEEeeeEEEeeelicious!!  They cook the tongue so that it's nice and firm and almost a slight bit crispy (not mooshy like other taquerias).All they need now are chorizo tostadas and licuados and this place would be Taqueria Heaven!  ...okay and maybe indoor seating too :)  Be sure to hold onto your tacos if you eat at the new picnic tables under the canopy out front (see photos), cause it can get windy!  One strong gust of wind and WOOOSH!  No more tacos!  So be careful :)They've also got newer hours and are open from 11am-7pm Tuesday-Saturday.  Now go stuff your face!
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,5/14/2012,30,172,2,6,2>Great Asian restaurant. Affordable prices. Very clean. Ask for Asian menu (written in English) if you want some twist to the traditional Asian food you have been eating at other establishments.The service is very attentive with excellent attitude. Also the food comes in timely manner in a generous size portion. They have beer as well. Dinner prices from ~$7 to ~$12.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2011,5/13/2012,100,8,,1,1>The oldest italian restaurant in Oklahoma ~ first generation Italian Great Sausage & Peppers & of course any of the pasta dishes are approved by the Italian mother of the family owned spot
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,5/11/2012,128,3,1,2,1>Van's Pig Stand is the bomb.If you're looking for posh seating and kiss-you service, this isn't the place.Romance?  Probably not.But fun and great food?  Absolutely great.Pork, brisket, chicken, ribs--fantastic.  Sides terrific.  BBQ sauce is perfect.  BBQ doesn't get a lot better!
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,7/30/2014,89,245,3,7,5>I wish I had all the money to drink yummy cup after yummy cup of the hot green  tea latte, iced lemon yuja, and about a million other drinks I want to try. There is lots of seating - comfy chairs with higher tables, comfy chairs with lower tables (good ergonomics), and then high tables girls like me can kind of stand up at (it IS good being short. YAY). Free wifi (no password). And jazzy music. There is also a cool patio for when the weather is nice. And it is close to Whole Foods, so you can take the trip and go grocery shopping afterwards. I really really love this place. Everything is sophisticated deliciousness. LIke a little oasis for life.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,7/29/2014,26,92,1,8,5>It's a cute little restaurant tucked away in a strip mall.  The restaurant is small and neat.  You wouldn't think such amazing food could come from this small space. We were blown away by how great the flavors were. The Panang curry is perfect!  It is comparable to the one at Panang, which was at the top of my list. We came with a Groupon and the waitress was very nice about it.  We will definitely be back for more!!
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,7/28/2014,151,161,5,11,7>I've been wanting to try this restaurant for about a year now, but somehow didn't make it in until tonight. You can bet I'm now kicking myself over this huge mistake.  It hasn't been an hour since we left and we are already planning on what we are going to get next time! Andrew and Ijeoma Popoola are the beautiful souls that own and run this restaurant that is full of flavor, both culture and cuisine-wise. They make everything they can as fresh as possible - so this means, not only will it take a bit for your food to get out to you, but by the end of the day there might be a few things that they are out of. Although there are only an average of 5 dishes per section (appetizers, rice entrees, bean entrees, fufu (carbohydrate) entrees, pepper soups, and meats) there are so many plates you will want to try! Their menu has a wonderful description of the foods they serve, but Andrew is very happy to answer any and all questions about the menu. We decided to start with a meat pie and dodo kelewele (fried plantains) as our appetizers. The meat pie could definitely be considered a comfort food. The crust was flaky, but soft and filled with a meat which was lean, mild and wholesome without being greasy. The plantains were really yummy and served with a spiced red sauce. I decided on the Efo riro with chicken and cassava with Andrew's guidance for my entree. The bowl of chopped spinach with a chicken quarter was super delicious and bursting with flavor. There really isn't anything like cassava in America. It is related to the potato/yam, but 3 times as large and has a much tougher and rougher skin. I wouldn't say it was bland, but I really don't know how to describe it. It perfectly complimented the efo though! He helped me choose a spice level of 3/10 which was perfect for me. Matthew had the fried rice with stewed beef and a bean cake. He decided on a 5 out of 10 on the spicy level with Andrew's suggestion. Originally, he was going to go with a 9, but Andrew explained that the way they spice their foods isn't quite thy way Americans do; he explained that their spice fades a lot faster after the meal but still provides plenty of heat during. Matthew was caught off guard by how spicy it ended up being! I definitely wouldn't have lasted more than 3 bites of his rice.  (The stewed meat didn't have spice at all.) The bean cake was a small cake of bean with some spices and their red sauce. It complimented the meat very well and created a well rounded plate. We both ordered an authentic African drink. The hot Zobo, or hibiscus drink, is super delicious hot. It is much like Jamaica that can be found at many authentic Mexican restaurants. The Mama Mango that I enjoyed is a slightly fizzy mango drink - yummy! Don't be afraid to ask Ijeoma, or Andrew for that matter, about their culture - they are very happy to share with you. Andrew even gave us a bottled water, explaining that it means we're important. He understands that those that walk in the front door are customers and treats them well. I don't know why you are still reading this (so much for shorter reviews); go now!
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,7/27/2014,40,58,2,7,5>This high profile restaurant is owned by NBA player and superstar Keven Durant (hence the name KD's), it has been the most talked about restaurant in bricktown (OKC's downtown area) and I watched it being built from the ground up and I was left with one question "how good is the food?" One day after watching the OKC Thunder game I got a chance to test that question... however before we get to that...First thing that was done me and my friend had to schedule a reservation for the place, I dont know if it's just because the restaurant is new but you can't just walk into the place and ask for a seat especially after a a Thunder game! The inside was very beautiful, it had a mix of bar type setting on 1 half of the room and the other half was your typical dinning area. The inside had sneakers from what I assume to be KD's personal collection & the most unique thing about the establishment was this clear see through wine cellar area that also had a staircase, I assume only employees were allowed to go in this area as I saw no one else going into it. There was also an area in the dinning area which you could use for private functions and I assume it's where the players go after a game (which has been reported they do)Now to the moment I've been waiting to tell you about... the quality of the food... the menus were displayed in a very modern style where the menu's light up with a light , I was told that this place specialized in southern cuisine... so I had to put it to the test :) ... I ordered a southern classic... chicken n waffles! I also ordered mashed potatoes as a side and I was floored at the quality of the food! Usually when you eat the waffle side of things it tastes dry but this waffle was very moist and soft! In all in all... it was a great experience for the first time at KD's, if you are ever in the bricktown area come check this place out! It's pretty dang awesome!
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,7/26/2014,29,59,4,5,3>This place has one of the best patios, hands down. Bistro lights, a fire pit, a pond, vines growing over the wooden shady overhang...it's lovely. I almost hate sharing this under-appreciated patio, but it's 100% visible from Penn, so it's not much of a secret. We had dinner there, enjoying the wonderful weather, and no one else was our there. Oh well, our gain.I like the salmon salad, with black lentils & arugula, while adding a glass of their Zinfandel. I've had it several times & it's always been good. I also tried the cup of Minestrone, which had nice flavor.We've always had good service, and the inside atmosphere is also tastefully & artistically decorated, there's also a private room for larger parties.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,7/25/2014,24,33,2,7,5>What can I say about this place!  I love it here!  I love that the place is big enough to allow for a smoking and a non-smoking area and I love all the staff, they are always polite and friendly.They also serve pub grub which is a huge + in my book.  Nothing goes better with alcohol then some greasy nachos or fried green beans.  It is great place to come with friends to watch a Thunder game or to just sit at the bar and conversate with the bartenders.The upstairs areas are fantastic too.  A friend of mine had their Christmas party here this year and it was perfect.  We had the private bar area all to ourselves so you didn't have to fight your way through all the regular paying customers.  And having the upper patio to sit out on was fabulous, especially considering it was an unusually warm December evening.This is a go-to place for me for an early evening drink when the bar has not filled up yet.  Once it gets too full, it can be a little crowded on the smoking side so that is about the time I take myself back home!
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,7/24/2014,10,32,9,9,8>I thought it was a little bit presumptuous that they placed a rather large pile of fried catfish on our table by default. Why would they assume we were going to eat that much fried catfish?By the end of the meal when it was nearly gone, I admitted to myself that it was a pretty cool and unique way for them to distinguish themselves. The signature dipping sauce it comes with is great as well.This place is high quality as far as buffets go. Where at most buffets everything is a little bit to moderately worse than I expected, at Cajun King, everything was a little bit to moderately better than I expected.My only real criticism of the place is that it is a total guilty pleasure. It's great for a decadent splurge, but you will not feel good walking out of this place, both physically and emotionally. Of course I don't blame them for having extremely flavorful, rich, and unhealthy food in unlimited quantities, but it is worth mentioning.All in all, the place is yummy enough for me to be excited to bring almost anyone here to share in my gluttony.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,7/23/2014,77,386,5,11,5>I'll often start a review just by typing a short note as a memory jogger and save it until I have time to come back and actually type out the review.My note for Iron Starr says "solid BBQ minus the redneck," and I stand by that note. We're talking about some thoughtful choices on how to make bbq a little fancier than the usual without losing the great taste. In many ways, they've solved the conundrum. You can get great local beer, servers are (mostly) on top of things, and the sides really are the standout for me. The mac & cheese is excellent and the fried okra is fun and different too (see Patrick's note). On my last visit, one of our party -- a red-blooded Oklahoman man through and through -- ordered the "sides" platter and chose to forgo the meat entirely. That's how good some of the sides are.Atmosphere is ... I don't even know. Country but without the likelihood of anyone being thrown through the window? Relaxed and welcoming.My only quibble is actually with the meat itself. It arrived lukewarm, which of course made me nervous, and while the flavor was there, it doesn't quite rise to the level of the best in town. It's a minor thing, but if you're going just for the smoked meat you might be a little disappointed.Overall, however, Iron Starr is excellent. Happy to return any time.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,7/22/2014,131,37,1,4,2>I recently tried Green Goodies lunch and it was divine and SO fresh.  On my first trip I had their incredible version of a BLT aptly named the Amazing BLT.  This rendition has a delectable avocado spread, homemade aioli, a lot of bacon, garden fresh tomatoes (honestly that is the best part) and greens.  There may have even been some pesto in there.  I also tried their Tomato Basil soup. It is the best I have ever had.  It every so slightly chunky with real garden grown tomatoes.  The soup alone is worth the trip.  Also try their triple berry lemonade it is incredible.  It is shockingly tart, but shouldn't lemonade be tart?  :)  I had their Roasted Vegetable sandwich today. I think I have found a new all-time favorite vegetable sandwich.  Sorry 34th Street Cafe (Austin) they added homemade aioli, arugula and their bread is better.  I will definitely be back many times over for the food.  Thank you Green Goodies for taking the time and care to produce excellent food.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,7/21/2014,56,10,1,3,2>Crabtown just continues to exceed our expectations. The 'boil' with king crab is just so special. Sausage is just right, not too hot.Great value wine list; thoughtfully considered. I always like the Cline Red Truck but the award winning Kendall Jackson Chard is featured.Roll it out; let it roll and bring me a doggie bag cuz breakfast tomorrow will be enhanced.Very family friendly.Subtlety, the background music of traditional Blues greats is smooth and satisfying too.Cool Man!
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,10/21/2012,2,39,,1,1>We love Ted's! Every time we go it is the same... Fantastic. Great home made salsa, home made torties, melty cheese sauce, chips are warm and crispy, BIG portions (we always take home left overs) to die for sopapias... what's not to love. I always order the chicken tamale and ask for red sauce, YUM! There is always a line at Teds and if you eat there, you will know why. Great service too.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2012,10/20/2012,4,15,,3,2>RED is a great way to have a fantastic steak dinner on a budget.  I have been here 5 or so times, mostly for dinner, but occasionally for drinks.  The service has always been excellent.  The vibe is chic and contemporary.  They offer a nice cocktail and wine selection, and the food is wonderful.  As to my previous "budget comment", RED offers a Prix Fixe $39 menu.  I think my 2 negatives would be: they stopped their $5 prime steak upgrade, and their prix fixe desserts are not very spectacular.  Please don't order the pavlova.  It is not good.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2012,10/19/2012,14,5,,3,1>Ate here for dinner the other day with my wife.  I came because of the many positive reviews.  I'm not an expert on Thai food but I know that I love Yellow Curry and Pad Thai so I thought I'd give it a try here.  I loved the prices and the ambience right when I walked in the door.  The Pad Thai we ordered with Chicken was very good, but it seemed to have some type of fish oil on it that I didn't care for--or at least I've never had before on Thai food.  The Yellow Curry was delicious, except for the beef we ordered with it that felt slimy.  If it weren't for that, it would be to die for.  I'm looking forward to coming back and trying other dishes, because everything looks good there.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,10/18/2012,210,90,6,10,3>every time i've ever been to the boom (drag show, dinner, dr. sketchy's, drag brunch), i've had an amazing time.the environment is that of instant fun.the drinks are strong, and let's face it : whichever way you swing, it's fun to have a cute bloke peddle you shots when he's wearing nothing but a skimpy banana hammock. plus, those shots are definitely only $1.the music is always fun and pretty perfect for the environment.now, let me brag on the drag.okc has some killer queens. trashy thursdays and saturday nights aren't playing around anymore. those gals have some skill and put a lot of thought into their routines and costumes. go support and bring your dollar bills!if you've never been to sunday gospel brunch, shame on you! shame. on. you.it's positively pleasant and a good way to relive those old gospel favorites. there's a sing-a-long and a bit of standup, and it's just a fantastic time. mimosas are only $2. and if you know me, you know that's an important factor in any brunch i'm at -- the price of mimosas. the food is typical pub food: tasty, greasy, perfect for a hangover, etc. OH! best part is that smoking and non-smoking is divided. so, if you do smoke (please quit, it's killing you), you don't have to go outside and be a slave to the heat. and if you don't smoke and don't want to leave the bar smelling like an ash tray, then you don't have to.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,10/17/2012,89,245,3,3,3>This has been on my list for awhile now. I was up in Edmond the other day and had my study materials with me, so I stopped in. I liked how friendly the atmosphere was - the barrister was super nice and offered me a water to go along with my tea without even asking (lovely). They seem serious about their tea - I ordered an iced and it wasn't already made or anything. It had to steep: legit. Near the bathrooms, there is a hallway with a huge wall of business cards, so I liked the hospitality there, they had some comfy oldish couches and some of the chairs were mismatched so it made me feel a little cozy and homey. I wish there was more of that. I mean, it is pretty character-filled for being in cookie-cutter perfect Edmond. But like the almost-hipster boy you are sort of into but kind of want to rough up and get just a bit dirtier, Vintage Timeless has great potential. Maybe it needs some weird red lamps or curtains or something. The elongated bar is cool. It takes up almost the whole length of the place.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2011,10/16/2012,0,16,,3,1>One of our favorites! The staff is always VERY nice. Drinks are great, but the food....it's delicious. My favorites are the spinach salad and cheesy artichoke dip. And the mushroom risotto. I would advise not going on the first Friday of the month unless you are prepared to wait a while, as the Paseo Friday Artwalk makes this extraordinary busy. Otherwise I've always been pleased with wait times.Just try it. You will be so glad you did!
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2012,10/15/2012,28,110,,4,1>This location is kind of Iguana Lite. It has all character and quality if the 9th street location but on a smaller scale. The menu has all the classic items one expects at a tex-mex restaurant; burritos, quesadillas, and tacos.  Prices are great for the quality and quantity at $5-10 for entrees.  They also have the highly sought after "Stacked Enchiladas" that Iguana is famous for only having at the Arts Festival.  Great place for lunch or a lite dinner. Definitely worth a visit amigos!
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,10/14/2012,44,137,,3,2>Glad Edmond now has a solid coffee shop. I'm honestly a bit jealous such a cool spot is that far north of downtown. I love the later hours which would make for a fun date night Anne the Wife and I got a couple drinks and split a ginormous cookie. We'll have to go back soon to enjoy a couple of the adult beverages or split coffee and a slice of baked Heaven from Dallas based Emporium Pies.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,10/13/2012,58,59,,3,2>Moshmoshmoshmoshmoooooooooooooooosh.My husband and I like to go out to brunch at least once a weekend.  Lately, I've been suggesting we revisit Cafe Antigua each time.  I keep telling myself I'll just get a cup or two of mosh, and be happy, because really, I just LOVE the mosh.  LOVE IT.  It's "like oatmeal" but not at all.  It's wonderfully creamy, seasoned with some warm cinnamony but not cinnamony spices, and has enough overcooked oats to give a pleasant chew, but few enough that I'd still rather drink it than use a spoon.  Mosh!  I just wish I could have it every day!Ahem.That said, I never just get the mosh.  I might get a side of the refried beans and another side of the plantains-- and the beans are like edible velvet.  Or I might get a tostada with meat and sweet pickled cabbage in a flavor combo I've never had before  and am still unsure how to describe.  Or I might get the three crispy enchilada type things.  Or even something else.  But the point is, once I get there, I can't resist the rest of the menu.  It's just that everything is good!  And while it isn't a large menu, it isn't small either-- it's sort of my ideal size, big enough for variety, small enough to not be paralyzing.  Plus, everything is filling, so you're actually getting your money's worth!Only complaint: The girls that work on Saturday midday are nice, but slow, inattentive, and forgetful.  The food is worth it, but if it weren't as good as it is, we'd have peaced out by now.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,10/12/2012,26,33,,2,1>Great place to go to for lunch! it's not too crowded, so it's easy to get in and out. Most of their dishes are around $6 - $8 for lunch. Their meatloaf sandwiches are amazing as well as their gourmet tots. I'll be going back again to try other items on their menu. Lots of great comfort food!
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,4/10/2014,16,43,2,5,4>I know we are in a landlocked state and that disqualifies me from being any sort of expert on seafood.  I readily admit that my experience with sushi is limited. But, Volcano's sushi is excellent in my opinion.  I tried the OKC roll and a shrimp tempura roll.  They were both awesome! And very reasonably priced! No complaints from me.  Maybe the best sushi place in the metro?  Check it out.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,4/9/2014,81,105,5,10,6>Oh Ludivine, you're so fine.  Ludivine is serious about sourcing food and drinks locally, which means the menu evolves with the seasons.  Result: food is fresh and delicious, harvested by folks who are masters of their trade.  Fortunately, the chef is a master of his trade, too.  Trust him to prepare a symphony of flavors and textures on your plate.  Rather than comment on any particular soup or meat I've enjoyed at Ludivine, I will say that the execution of each plate has been sublime, otherworldly.  When I feel I deserve a treat (the last time, I was en route to a play in the Myriad Gardens and made a spur of the moment decision to eat in the bar- pretty sure the play was better because I enjoyed Ludivine first), Ludivine comes to mind.  It's also at the top of my list when visitors come to town.  Because it's extraordinary.As spring is around the corner (it's almost March!  Yippee!), I've been thinking about the upcoming H&8th night market, and what nibbles I might enjoy at Ludivine on these nights.  As much as I love Ludivine for an elegant, celebratory dinner, I would feel remiss if my review  were to leave out what a super-duper bargain it can be during H&8th.  In the past, I have loved every delicious bite and specially devised H&8th cocktail I've ordered, whether standing up at the bar inside or enjoying a table just outside the bar.  Pro tip: nibbles are inside (a plus if the weather is uncomfortable) and served *so much more quickly* than the food trucks.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,4/8/2014,104,246,6,7,5>I have to give Tramps 4 stars for the simple fact that I don't think I've had a stronger drink at any OKC bar ever, ESPECIALLY for the price. I was in for quite a surprise after I took a long first drink of my gin and soda, realizing that there was obviously more gin than soda and that I had only paid $5 for a non-well drink. Wow.Other than the incredibly strong and reasonably priced drinks, Tramps is a solid three star joint. It's big and dark and there's a patio and pool tables. You best take a friend to the bathroom with you because they've removed all the stall doors to prevent drug use  in the bathrooms. Although I kind of doubt the door removal does a lot of good as far as drugs are concerned. For some reason the bathroom at Tramps is like a place for people to have a party inside of the party for whatever reason so you might expect a small conglomeration of people when you enter.Come to Tramps ready to drink and still have money in your pockets when you leave at the end of the night. You will have literal money in your pockets because Tramps is a CASH-ONLY bar. You're also going to leave smelling like a HUGE ashtray, so be prepared for that as well. Come here with a bunch of friends, and once you're good and sloshed (won't take long), head down to the Copa to dance so you don't have to pay $10 for a crappy, weak drink there.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,4/7/2014,214,465,4,8,7>This is a great Mexican restaurant in south OKC. Pretty much everything on their menu was in Spanish and there were a ton of options so it took a long time for me to make a decision. If you like seafood, this is your spot. I tried some octopus off a friend's plate and it was great! I played it safe and ordered a carne asada burrito for myself. It came with a salad (which was just ok), guacamole and sour cream. The beef was seasoned well and I highly recommend it! And it was less than $8. Prices are very fair here. Horchata is available even though it wasn't on the menu and has free refills. Service was really slow. Our waitress was MIA for the most part. She was really nice and could speak English which helped because other employees did not. The dining room was spacious and had lots of tables to accomodate groups of any size. A 10% tip will be added to parties of 6 or more. Oh, and there's a jukebox that plays at random times and it is extremely loud! They need to turn that thing down because you can barely have a conversation when it is playing.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2014,4/6/2014,14,57,2,5,3>This is a place run by independent women making pies! I have tried just few of their pies. I've tried their Chocolate peanut butter pie, pecan pie (several times), bite of their drunken turtle, coconut creme pie, and apple crumble pie. I am an absolute fan of all of their pies. I would eat all of these again and again. They also have seasonal flavors such as pumpkin pie. I always get their pecan pie because I am a die-hard pecan pie fan. It just does right things for me. One thing I have to complain about is their portions over time. These girls used to serve their portions in large pie pieces. Last couple of times their portions have cut down. Now they fit in a small pie box. I am not so happy about that. If I pay $3-4 on a pie, I expect the pie to be huge. I know some of you may differ, but I am cheap. Besides that, they have outdoor and indoor seating in case you decide to have a pie date with your boyfriend, or your dog. I usually go with my roommate and we take it to-go so I don't get a chance to enjoy the facility much but plaza district is fun district to walk around so it is well worth sitting outside. Definately an asset to OKC.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,4/5/2014,44,137,2,5,5>A place this good so close to home could get me in trouble. Short of being in the mall parking lot, I have no complaints. Our family stopped in for a meal and had a great experience from beginning to end. Wait time wasn't bad, the decor was fun, and food was by far the star. Our server was great and knew her stuff - her suggestions were spot on. Prices weren't bad either. Looking forward to our next visit.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,4/4/2014,61,78,6,6,8>Welcome to Hawaii Nails.I would frequent this place less if it was Oklahoma Nails, because hillbilly feet come to mind. You won't find any of that leaving here. I feel like ultimately you are in control of your outcome when it comes to pedicures. I have had a rain/hairdo fiasco and had a flat tire AND tore my favorite jacket here and left laughing and smiling. I know what to expect here and I love it!Rule 1. Do not rush, you want greatness right?Rule 2. Do not make weird open mouth faces during your treatment.Rule 3. Do get something kitchy on your toes! Koi and pandas are never cliche if the make you smile...oh did you smile... as the mere thought of it?! I swear having sasquash feet does make me more of a critic at nail salons. The reflexology they employ is worth the scoot on over.You won't be sorry and if you are well honey you might be sole-less!
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,4/3/2014,15,26,,5,3>I came here for a birthday party and was pleasantly surprised. The environment is great and when we were there they had a pretty good band playing. I had the fish and chips, which was a huge portion. The noise level was loud, so if you're looking for a quiet place to have dinner this probably isn't it. I haven't been back yet, but I plan on it.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,4/2/2014,52,137,3,7,6>Had dinner here with my wife last weekend for the first time. Not knowing what to expect on a Saturday night, I totally dropped the ball and didn't make a reservation. Luckily, the host was kind enough to find us a table within 10 minutes. I really liked the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant. Its a small building, but not too small. I think its cool that they are using the old florist's cooler as the wine cooler now. We started with the Juan's Queso Chihuahua which was fantastic! I ordered the salmon special which came with risotto, crab meet and a bacon-wrapped shrimp. My wife had the Boneless Beef Short Ribs with jalapeno au gratin potatoes. We both absolutely loved our meals. Both cooked perfectly and served within about 15 minutes. Our waiter was extremely friendly, helpful & definitely made us feel very comfortable and appreciated. He even threw in a free dessert since it was our first time there.I don't know what it is about the Paseo district, but pretty much every restaurant in this neighborhood is fantastic. Cheever's has moved to my list of favorite restaurants within the city.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,4/1/2014,59,44,,4,2>Options for delivery to east Norman are scarce, so I was excited to discover Crooked Crust could deliver to my house. I've never been inside the actual restaurant on campus corner, so my review may be incomplete, but I thought the pizza was great. The delivery time was pretty good and the pizza came hot.We ordered half pepperoni and jalapeño, half mediterranean. Both were good. The crust is thin and crispy. They definitely pay extra attention to seasoning their pizzas. It wasn't greasy either. I will definitely order again whenever I want pizza delivered and hopefully I'll be able to make it in to the restaurant on campus corner sometime too.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,4/20/2014,7,64,2,8,4>All the reviews of this place mention the neighborhood, which I think is fairly ridiculous. I don't give a shit where a place in located as long as the food is good, and the food is very good here. Also, the neighborhood isn't that bad. Don't make assumptions. But I digress. I got the two meat deal with gumbo and chicken. The chicken was fucking fantastic. It fell off the bone and was very juicy. The gumbo was also very good. I got greens and candied yams and also cheese and grits. All were good, although I realize now that I like grits with only butter in them. I also don't give a shit about the decor of a restaurant for the most part. Cheever's in the only place that I think has really impressed me with it's layout. The decor here is pretty bare bones, but the food is really good. I did not try the neckbone though, because I am not ready for that just yet. One day I hope to be. Anyway, it was a little expensive and I thought it was all you can eat, and maybe it is. We got there a little after 4. But all in all, it was good and I would go back.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,4/19/2014,38,43,4,8,4>Absolutely wonderful and delightful food experience.  Let me start by saying that this place is definitely unique and one of a kind.  From their pepper jack mac and cheese to the owners mother's antique shop right across the isle, this is absolutely a must to dine at.  I've been here several times and usually get different sandwiches every time but the main undiscovered gems of this place are the desserts.  The cookies are ridiculously addictive and 10 minutes later will have you craving for more.  The pies are delicious and portion wise look like a deep dish pizza straight out Giordano's (CHI TOWN).  If you are contemplating visiting this splendid place then GO.  You will not be disappointed!
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,4/18/2014,190,56,,14,7>The Plaza District just got a coffee shop!They offer various kinds of espresso as well as drip coffee, hot tea/cider/chocolate. It's also very nice to have a place in the Plaza for a quick light lunch. They will be serving up hot sandwiches on ciabatta bread for $5, which includes a side of potato salad or cottage cheese & fruit. They also have vegetarian options. The menu is pretty simple now but I think as they grow and learn what they can and can't do, there will be a lot of room for improvement and newer items as well. Also, - the biggest/best thing - they have no bake cookies!!!All prices are pretty on point, which is a really good thing. Besides the no-bake cookies, the other best thing about this place is free wi-fi. They have a front room which is more like a community room, get your coffee and hang out a little. They also have a background which would be a really awesome meeting or work/study space. The space is right next to The Parish and also might be a good place to hit before/after any shows that they might have.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,4/17/2014,100,68,2,8,4>After several glowing reviews about Sakura Legend from my Japanese mother-in-law's Asian friends and their discerning palates, we had to go to there. Those ladies knew what they were talking about.We were there at 1:30PM so the lunch crowd was gone but they were still doing their bento lunch box specials. We decided to get a couple orders of gyoza with our friends and split the shrimp tempura bento box and the spider roll between us. The bento box comes with your choice of entree, a side salad, miso soup, California roll, a couple gyoza, and some rice.The gyoza was some of the best I have had at a restaurant and ALMOST as good as my mother-in-law's. Our miso soups (I ordered an extra one since the bento only comes with one) came out next. Neither my mother-in-law or I were fans, but the side salad with gingery dressing washed away minor miso disappointment. How do I make this dressing at home? I have to know. I might just eat the dressing by itself if I have access like that... Gross. Forget I said that. Even though it's true. All socks were rocked right off with the shrimp tempura. So light. So crispy. So perfectly cooked. Panko. Yum. And then there was the spider roll (deep fried crab, cucumber, avocado, eel sauce). You guys! So good! Best sushi I have had in OKC in awhile. We had to share the love so we ordered my husband a pork katsu bento to-go. So light. So crispy. So perfectly cooked. Yum. Don't judge me for mooching off his bento mere hours later...Our server was patient and helpful, the food was delicious, fresh, beautifully plated, and out in a flash. The restaurant is clean with a decent amount of seating. Prices are inexpensive (bentos are only $8.95 and will be more than enough food!), especially for how pro they are here. Beware the jankety parking lot, especially if you need handicap accessibility, although it is definitely still doable. Not Sakura's fault, just good to know! Now that you are in the know, go break this place in and see what has got so many Japanese connoisseurs head over heels!
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,4/16/2014,1,14,,5,3>Hensley's is our favorite upscale steak house.  They have a large menu. Their steaks are the best and baked potatoes are cooked perfectly and fluffy.   But, the shrimp cocktail is the freshest and best tasting shrimp you can find this side of Baton Rouge, LA.  I would put this restaurant up against any of the fine steakhouses in OKC any day!
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,4/15/2014,6,67,,4,3>Service 3/5They were not busy the first time my coworkers and I went, so they staffing seemed appropriate. Last time we went, they place was packed and service was pretty slow. The lunch crowd expects better.Food 5/5They hummus here is AMAZING. I hear my coworkers rave about the tangines, felafel and the signature couscous salad.I personally enjoyed the chicken shwarma (sp?) sandwich on one occasion and the Kofta Kebab on another. The fries were blah that came with the sandwich. If you can get them to, sub something more Moroccan for the fries. Thank me later.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,4/14/2014,42,150,,4,3>WOW. My boyfriend and I were super impressed with Guernsey Park. Our expectations didn't start out so great, as it took us a while to be greeted by our server, drinks took a little longer than we would have liked and it was extremely loud inside, but the food more than made up for all of that.We started with the Guernsey Roll and honestly almost ordered another one. It was delicious! When it came out, our server told us she could bring soy sauce or wasabi on request, but asked that we taste it without first. We love sushi and my boyfriend was weary of not using wasabi, but we gobbled it up. It was delicious without any additions. For dinner, my boyfriend had the duck and I had the curry salmon. Both delicious with great presentation. I love spicy food and the salmon had the perfect amount of heat for me. We finished up with the creme brulee, also delicious. Our server warned us beforehand that since everything is made fresh, the cook times are longer than we might expect, and warned that my boyfriend's duck would probably take 30 - 40 minutes to come out. That sounded pretty long to me, but either it didn't take that long or time flew by. It didn't seem like we waited nearly that long for our food.As far as the noise goes, it just seemed like everyone was yelling for no reason. It was busy, but we were just shocked by the noise because there really weren't THAT many people upstairs. It was strange... the venue is super cool though. I love all the houses-turned-businesses over there on 23rd. All in all, I would definitely recommend this place and we will definitely be back.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,4/13/2014,9,11,,6,4>I live far too close to this place.  I'm pretty sure I have a craving for Thai at least once a week, and Panang2 is my go-to.  Keep in mind, I'm only rating the food because I've only ever dined-in once, but have had a plethora of dinners for take-out.The Green Curry Fried Rice is probably my favorite dish.  I usually get it at a 3-4 spice level, and the serving size is enormous.  I can eat on it for a few days.  The Red, Green, and Evil Jungle curries are also pleasantly delicious, although I do find them a tad bit oily sometimes.  I would also prefer to have bigger, less ground up-looking pieces of chicken.  The calamari is fair and the spring rolls are always pretty good, hence the 4 stars.  Other than that, when I get a hankering for this type of cuisine, I enjoy the product they deliver.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2013,4/12/2014,37,113,3,8,5>Moving to Oklahoma as a mostly vegetarian/occasional pescetarian was not easy. Prior to my moving here, I would have laughed at the idea that the best veggie burgers I would have in my life exist in Oklahoma. But it is true. I have had the best veggie burgers in my life in Oklahoma. S&B's veggie sliders are phenomenally good -- they are homemade and not a Morning Star patty (some restaurants indeed practice this, and I do not approve). Coupled with delicious fries and cold beer, I am in heaven.Obviously, I can't comment on the regular burgers, but trust me, if the veggie burgers are that good, I'm sure the regular burgers are equally yummy.S&B's, thanks for proving my preconceived notions about Oklahoma wrong.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,4/11/2014,28,33,,8,7>I love going to Lido for when I have to escape for "work lunch."  It is hard to find a place that can get you in and out within an hour lunch and Lido does a great job.  Service is usually pretty quick even when they are busy.  Lido offers an extensive menu, with French, Chinese and Vietnamese items, and it can be a bit overwhelming.  I recommend sticking to the lunch menu.  The egg drop soup has more egg in it than I'm used to, but it makes it even more spectacular.  The hot and sour soup is your typical hot and sour soup, good but nothing different from other restaurants. My personal favorites are the Vietnamese dishes, with my absolute favorite being the fried spring rolls on vermicelli.  I was skeptical about the fish sauce they serve with it, but thanks to recommendations from friends I tried it and it adds even more flavor to the vermicelli.  I recommend sticking with the Vietnamese dishes or their soups.  The other dishes are good but not really what keeps me coming back.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,10/1/2012,27,106,2,2,3>I can't add much to the reviews below, but this is great pizza (especially for the dough...).  Bad puns aside, I ordered a thin-crust All Meat Pizza, which comes with extra cheese.  15 Minutes later I picked it up, and for less than $10 had a really good pig-out.  Hey, I eat healthy 6 days a week, so on the 7th day I gorge on what my dark, carnivorous side says is good - and this fits the bill.As a card-carrying member of the aforementioned NY Pizza Snobs, I honestly can't say anything bad about the place, the service or the pizza.  It's not far from me, it's cheap and it's really good.  I would definitely recommend.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,9/30/2012,1,18,,4,2>Best BBQ besides Kansas City place, Oklahoma Joes.   Billy Sims is delish, not fatty, great serving size, sauce a spicy and a sweet, homemade sides. I am picky on bbq, but this never fails to impress me.  Get a whole meal way under 10 bucks.  O.U. themed (of course) so makes me love the atmosphere even more.  Get brisket, pulled pork, its all good!
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,9/29/2012,103,131,1,10,6>This place was a GREAT FIND! The day we decided to go, we walk in to a table of Vibram Five Fingers ON SALE for $40! SCORE!!! Picked up three pairs for the normal price of one. Apparently those shoes didn't sell well there until they were marked down to nothing. I can see why they wouldn't sell well there though, its not really an athletic store.I don't know where to start weather it be the massive wall of Toms or the awesome display of sanuks! I love Toms and the husband loves sanuks, so, we're BOTH happy. They had lots of cute tops and I can't wait to jump in to the jeans next time we go. Hopefully I can find a sweet pair of jeans. They have a really nice unique jewelry selection as well as a bunch of random stuff. We got sucked into looking at all the random stuff for about an hour.They have a small home section, she nI say small, it's small, but they had a lot of cute photo frames and other randomness. I really enjoyed finding this place. And I can't wait to go back!
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,9/28/2012,214,465,,2,1>The pho is as good as everyone says! There are 3 bowl sizes to choose from: small, large, and extra large. I got a large and could barely finish it. You get a lot of food for $7. The staff is friendly and it took less than 10 mins to get the food I ordered. For $2.25, you can get two egg rolls or 2 spring rolls which tastes pretty good.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,9/27/2012,23,5,,4,1>I have been here a few times and have left happy each time! I had the buffet tonight and it was excellent. The food was all fresh and hot. The chicken tikka masala has the perfect combo of spice, heat, and cream. I thought the sag paneer was okay, but I've had much better. My friend loved vegetable korma. The chicken Tikka was also good-very moist. I also got a mango lassi, which was amazing! Good enough for dessert. Word to the wise: an OU or an ocu student id will get you 10 % off. Also I had chicken tikka masala off the menu to go before. The serving size was very large-easily 2 meals, could be 3, but get extra naan!
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,9/26/2012,325,37,3,7,4>When else do you get to eat with your hands and have pancakes with dinner?! I have had Ethiopian food at least four other cities and this is the best I have had. Don't be fooled by the crappy exterior and strange strip mall that it sits in. (International grocery store, Asian nail supply, Mexican dance club and thrift store all in one lot) It is really nice inside. Cloth napkins and everything. Plus, Mimi and Solomon are the best hosts ever. Once you are family, you are family. They great you with kisses and sometimes free samosas, they explain it all to you, and give you nice hot towels. Two things to note. 1. It is a family business all the way so do not be in a hurry. 2. On the weekends it turns into an after hours club that is maybe kinda shady for some (line wraps around the building, cops out in full force) but Saturday has the best reggae and dance hall music in the state. Til 4m. Seriously.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,9/25/2012,26,2,2,3,1>I think the tacos are good here, but I love the flautas. We tried them by accident one night because we wanted something different. And now, we don't mess around with anything else. Also, the mango salsa is to die for. Also, do yourself a favor and order the migas at least once. They are so good and served with beans too. When I have the migas I don't eat again until dinner because they are so filling. Great way to start a Saturday excursion.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,9/24/2012,41,7,,7,1>I visited Nails by Holly strictly on the recommendation of fellow Yelper, Laura N.  I actually live off Western in NW OKC, but was planning a mini "spa" day with my boyfriend's mom and mi own mamasita.  The bf's madre lives in the Norman area, so I figured I'd get 1.) bonus points for bringing the partay to her and 2.) have an excuse to eat at The Mont (NOM).  A big draw for me was the number of chairs available.  It's silly and pointless to plan a girls' day if you all have to take turns getting' your nails did.  The place seems to be relatively new, exceptionally clean and they offer you a smorgasbord of bevvies to satiate your thirst.  Holly herself is very engaging and despite the relative newness of the place, seems to have already established quite a few "regulars".  She engaged my cohorts and myself, found out that I'd found the place on Yelp, and took painstaking measures to showcase the establishment's meticulous sanitation efforts.  The massage chairs were top notch and there's candy at your fingertips.  If I wasn't already a happy camper, having a Milky Way Midnight within my grasp while receiving a rubdown from the furniture definitely did the trick.  The gentleman who did my pedicure was meticulous and I've never seen someone go to such lengths to ensure I didn't have any stray polish on the skin around my toesies.  Additionally, the prices are extremely reasonable for what you get and they didn't shake me down for cash while I was drying.  If you have the means, definitely spring for the hot wax.  I had a great experience and despite the distance, I will definitely visit Holly's again.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,9/23/2012,145,175,,2,1>The lobby of this old art deco movie theatre is repurposed as a cozy bar. Very clever! It's a perfect place for an after-work bite and glass of wine. Tapas and daily specials, cool atmosphere. Use your Keep It Local card to save 10%!
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,9/22/2012,17,47,4,4,2>Wonderful cookies! The peanut butter cookies are delicious. These cookies are just right. Not too sweet and delicious! The staff was friendly and explained all the flavors even though there was a line behind us. The only complaint that I have is that it is so close to my home and I may end up gaining 300lbs by the end of the month.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,6/12/2012,92,240,,1,1>This salon is pretty great! I get my hair done by Allen. He is always on time and does a fantastic job! I leave and wish I could have him style my hair everyday! He does a great job and is fun to talk with. They seem to have appointments abundant. I like that I get a reminder text when I have an appointment! Zetta at the front desk is always friendly. I really like this salon. I know they offer other service, more than just hair, but I haven't had anything else done here.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2012,6/11/2012,24,57,,2,1>I have been here for brunch twice. Both times I was pleased. This is the second Rococo location, the first is on Penn. The brunch here is cruise line style, meaning they have different tables set-up throughout the restaurant. There is a carving station with meats like turkey and roast beef and omelet station with over 20 ingredients including  egg whites shrimp and spinach. There is a fresh waffle station with cream and berries. There ere small bites of dessert offered to satisfy your sweet tooth. They have many different Mimosas and a Bloody May bar.  Reservations are not required, but recommended they are on Open Table. The have delicious crispy bacon, fruits and cheeses, and fresh Belgium waffles. The locations is nice, they have a few tables outside that would be nice since the weather is warming up. There is a TV outside and inside at the bar for you sports fans.  The price for Sunday Brunch is $25 and it's worth checking out. The menu that is offer during the week is Italian.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,6/10/2012,17,9,1,1,1>Gonna have to hand it to the Iguana for their endless chips and straight up BOWL of salsa.  No piddly-a** tiny dippers here...no sir, they give you an entire cereal bowl full of spicy goodness.  Delicious.  Tacos al carbon were good, not great....but the mango marg had me wanting another.  Great place to bust up the local chain-dining regimen.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,6/9/2012,15,26,,1,1>By far my favorite sushi place when I lived in Edmond. Very fresh and well priced. I usually carry out because there are only two tables in there, but I would highly recommend this place.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,6/8/2012,16,105,8,5,2>When you think of gospel brunch in Oklahoma, you probably wouldn't imagine finding yourself sitting on stage with a drag queen, answering questions about your sexual preference(s), tendencies toward group sex and estimating the size of your penis to the nearest inch (round up), all in front of a roomful of strangers and whatever friends or family you brought with you, but that was my experience as a virgin at the BOOM. I also played the tambourine (pretty well I might add) and the server brought out a shot of tequila for the host and I to celebrate my cherry being popped. There was no blood and it didn't hurt as much as I've heard others say!People who I suggest try the BOOM:   -  booze hounds   -  gays and supporters   -  anyone who likes a live show during brunch   -  HiLo fansPeople who should under no circumstances go to the BOOM:   -  homophobes   -  those who want to stay in the closet   -  anyone expecting a real church serviceOh, and there's some food...
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,6/7/2012,15,22,,1,1>I've driven passed this place a many of times & the food network stamp of approval lured me in.. I also love to support local restaurants.  The line is long, we arrived Sunday around 12:00p.m. and waited in line outside for a solid 30-40 minutes.  The inside of this place is tiny, really, really tiny.  It was beautiful outside and there was a friendly homeless man on the bench next to us which kept us entertained with conversation about his recent release from prison.A couple of dudes came up to the joint while we were about 3 parties deep in waiting.  They completely bypassed the entire line and went inside to sit at the bar top.  I think everyone of us in line was flabbergasted that they totally cut at least 5 groups of people! Ugh, people.Anyway, our turn finally arrived!  I'd been starring at the menu on the door for a near hour so I was already sure of what to order.  The waitress wiped the booth down and I sat in it...it was still wet and the fact that I was wearing shorts made it unpleasant for about 10 minutes...but I'm not really particular & this is after all, a diner.We ordered, got our food after 3 different people had sat down (after us) .  My boyfriend and I both went for the Eggarito which was amazing.  The tomatillo/green chili/ ranchero sauce was over the top.  I had hashbrowns, he had home fries, and we split biscuits n' gravy on the side.The food was great, it cost $20 for 2 people, 2 meals, 2 drinks, and 1 ala carte B N G.  Would I go back?  Yes.  Would I wait in line that long again?  Idk...I'm pretty impatient when it comes to eating...and when it was all said and done, we left at 2p.m.The food is in fact, amazing.  I don't think my waitress liked us-we got a "vibe" and the place is small.  Not for the claustrophobic, but delicious.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2011,6/6/2012,83,76,,1,1>Yum! The green mint tea is always my favorite. The food gives me a feel of home-made and cozy. Very friendly service. love the small and warm environment. The great thing is that it has glass windows to look to the street. Healthy food!
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,6/5/2012,31,8,,1,2>I had heard some buzz about this place so I was excited to try it out for lunch. My co-worker and I arrived around 11:45. To my surprise, it wasn't that busy. We did have to wait on a parking spot, but not for that long. I ordered the shredded chicken and shredded pork taco, and we shared chips and queso. The tacos were awesome with some of their "Butt Burning Sauce." Nice, right? The queso was OK, not great, but not terrible. Next time, I'm going to try the guac. I'm definitely going back.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,6/4/2012,210,90,,2,1>very authentic and quite tasty.try the curry chicken and potatoes, don't pass on the mac and cheese and pair the meal with the traditional tea that's brewed daily.the proprietor explained she uses traditional caribbean spices to make it, and it was a nice floral note to the semi-spicy meal.the cabbage was also a favorite of mine! and my friend got the rice and beans and catfish, which was all incredibly tasty. not in the best part of town, which is the only downside.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,6/3/2012,60,285,,2,2>Best chicken ever. Seriously every bite gets better and better. Just ate at Gus's chicken in Memphis Tenn and I don't think it even touches Eishen's. The only reason this place doesn't get five stars is the wait staff. Most of the times I have been there they seem like they could care less. As well they don't take credit cards. Nice little ATM racket for the bank around the corner to charge some fees. Seriously this is all about the chicken. To good to be true. This will be the best fried chicken you will ever have at a restaurant, unless your mama's last name is Eischen. Off the beaten path but well worth the drive. I also recommend the chili cheese nachos and the okra. I am not one for restaurant chili usually. This chili is an exception. The next time you think chicken you should think Okarche and Eischen's.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,8/29/2014,56,7,1,3,4>I had the two meat meal with chicken leg.thigh + brisket. Ordered sides coleslaw and deviled eggs. Everything was really good. My man ordered chopped brisket sandwich with fried pickled okra. The food was really good. Atmosphere was unique. Glad to see this area come alive.  We finished with banana cream pie in a jar n it was re good. I would have liked more actual banana bit oh well ...the selection of sauces is so unique.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,8/28/2014,8,51,1,4,4>I have been here a few times!  I always want to try something new, just so I can say I've tried not just ONE item on the menu.I love their chicken tenders!  I usually hate chicken tenders, but after trying theirs, I made me like only certain ones.  The tenders were lightly battered and perfect size.  The order came with very crispy fries which I love!Also, I enjoy their fried okra.  I was informed they batter they own okra, which probably explains the flakiness of the batter outside. I don't eat much seafood, but my parents loved the gumbo (which had a good kick and serve with a good amount of sausage) and crawfish étouffée (which had a rich flavor and when try ate it, they stated I felt like they were back in Louisiana).I would definitely come back here when I'm craving tenders or wanting some Cajun food!
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,8/27/2014,42,150,,5,6>Yum! I have been wanting to try this truck for months, and finally got a chance today when they were near my office. I got the Kaiteki Ramen and shared some fried Brussels sprouts with my friend. I had never had Brussels sprouts before and was very weary (my dad, the least picky eater I know, doesn't like Brussels sprouts), but everything was amazing. The menma (marinated bamboo shots) was probably my favorite thing in the ramen. I also loved the pork belly of course, and the broth was very flavorful and it was just so good. The fried Brussels sprouts had some tang to them, and the breading wasn't heavy at all but added a good crunch.Definitely try this ramen if you get a chance. It lives up to the hype around town!
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2014,8/26/2014,9,10,,2,3>My husband and I have been here a few times the past few months and we have a blast every time! However, it is a great reminder that we are not 15 anymore. One hour of jumping is plenty for us. My gosh! And we certainly pay for it in terms of sore muscles the next couple of days. But it is so worth it! Only downside is its location in Edmond, as we live in Norman. The facilities are great- a large free jump area, a dodgeball area, a basketball goal area, a foam pit, and a small area for little kids. We would come all the time if we lived closer!
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2014,8/25/2014,17,6,2,2,2>It may just be me, but occasionally there are those places you love so much that you keep quiet about them.  You only want your only your closest friends to know about because you're afraid large crowds could ruin everything.  Hillbilly is one of those places for us, so this review is tough to write.We'd been enjoying several of the restaurants in the Automobile Alley area because I work nearby, and eventually this led us to Hillbilly Poboys.  The first thing you'll notice is the atmosphere is great, it has a very 1920's rustic bar feel to it, a moonshine house if you will.  Walking in you feel like this is going to be good, if that makes sense.As cool as the place is and as great as the location is (including the 150 year old American Sycamore tree is out front, sorry I'm a tree nerd) the best part of the place is the staff.  Very warm and welcoming every time we've visited.  We've been there more than a dozen times and we've never had poor service.  Here's tip in general though: if you treat waitstaff like people and actually talk to them, look at them and acknowledge them you'll get better service ANYWHERE you go.We love the outside seating in the evenings and there is shade for the afternoons too.  We met the owner when he was having a menu meeting on the patio and he was great too.  The place is owned by the owners of S&B's Burgers across the street.Finally, the food, we love the Poboy's, my favorite is Shrimp with Yellow sauce and slaw.  Their gumbo is delicious too.  Their chips are great... Ok basically it's all very good.  Any way, go check it out you won't be disappointed!
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2014,8/24/2014,6,9,1,4,4>After eating here I forgot I had moved back to the states!  I had to remind myself I was sitting in OKC rather than a restaurant on a small cobbled street in Anitgua Guatemala.   Ok...I guess it's easy to tell when you look out the window and see Classen instead of imposing volcanos on either side.  But anyways...This place is as authentic as it gets.  Desayuno chapin, migallas, licuados, mosh, fried plantains...YUM!  When I went the first time they even had the Guatemalan textiles on every table (although they weren't there the last time I visited...).  Just by driving by you can tell this place is maravilloso...always a packed parking lot.  When I go on the weekend I usually have to park on the side street.  One of my favorite OKC eateries!
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2014,8/23/2014,12,14,2,3,4>If its late at night and you have been drinking and have a designated driver :) ...Go to BOBO's!!  Actually go there for any reason you can think of!  I can't describe how good this chicken is.  First off, its not your normal fried chicken.  Why?  Because its better!  The chicken is smoked first and then fried!  Fried, smoked chicken is the best because you have never thought of it, and once you try there chicken, you will wonder why you have never tried it.  After waiting in line for about 15 minutes, my order went through and a generous amount of honey syrup was slathered in my to go box.  I then preceded to go straight for the hot sauce on hand at the truck to create the perfect sweet, spicy, and smoky flavor bomb.  If the chicken wasn't enough, there fried biscuits are another reason to enjoy Bobo's.  They are fried little delights that have the perfect crunch to them and are stunning with honey.  Some people may be waery to go because of the area but I assure you everything will be okay.  In fact I had several hilarious conversations there because everyone there just wants one thing....Good Food!  They also have catfish and shrimp which I have heard is good also.  So next time you have the late night munchies ;) go get some delicious food from Bobo's!
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,8/22/2014,12,12,1,1,1>Came to lunch with my 5 year old niece, who is a princess btw. Service was very good and Food was delicious. I had the lunch special that included 1/2 sandwich (I had the Beefeaters) and a cup of soup (creamy broccoli.) The sandwich was outstanding and the soup was... Well, not perfect, but pretty taste. It was really just a matter of taste. I, personally like cheese in my broccoli soup and this did not come that was but overall it was pretty tasty. My niece was a little disappointed that they didn't serve Mac &  cheese but she got over it when she realized we would both be having pie for dessert. Place has a very country feel and reminds me of my memaw... I will definitely return.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,8/21/2014,139,130,2,7,3>I'd been looking forward to the Drum Room since it opened, but hadn't made it in yet.  After skipping lunch, my husband and I found ourselves starving and with calories to burn so we came in for an early dinner.  Few things are as good as you build them up to be and DR exceeded my expectations.  We started with fried okra, which arrived quickly, hot and with ranch and aioli  dipping sauces.  Solid 5 stars.  I got the chicken and waffle sandwich and positively devoured every bite.  I wasn't crazy about the cheese and bacon on there, I pulled both off (as much as I could with sticky cheese) and will ask for them off next time.  I did, however, cover the sandwich in honey.  Fried chicken and honey is my jam and I was a happy happy girl to see that full bottle on the table. 4.5 stars for the sandwich, 5 when I know what I'm doing and order it right. I chose green beans as my fixin' and I am so glad I did.  Solid five stars for those tender, crispy delicious (and not at all healthy) haricot verts.  My husband had the half chicken on a waffle and he ate about 1/4 of it and happily took the rest home for lunch. Our server was nice and didn't bother us much and didn't judge that I practically licked my plate.  Maybe my logic for 4 stars instead of 5 isn't fair because it isn't really their fault and I knew what I was getting into:  while the ambiance in there is fun and I love the decor, stepping out into the sun after eating in an almost dark dining room was a big shock to the system, and I also smelled like I'd been at the fryer myself.  But the chicken, though... Crispy, delicious, worth the calories and the stinky hair.  I will most definitely be back and look forward to trying more of the menu.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,8/20/2014,1,7,1,3,4>We have lived in the area for 2 weeks and have been here twice... And plan on bringing family back here when they visit in a few weeks. The hubby and I needed a quick bite before attacking the grocery store with what seemed like the rest of Oklahoma City. Glad we decided to eat before that fiasco. Anyway, this place. The service has always been friendly and almost freakishly prompt. We can be in and out in less than 30 minutes, having feasted on a huge yummy meal and topped it off with a bit of (free) ice cream. Today I tried the smokehouse club sandwich. I've never seen this offered in a BBQ restaurant before so I was intrigued. Turns out, it's super delish! I told my husband this might be my new Sunday afternoon lunch, lol.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,7/12/2013,31,63,4,6,5>So after a rousing bit of children's story time at Full Circle and hitting the Blue 7 for bright blue dress shoelaces and a new pair of shades for the Mrs, the toddler declared from the backseat navigator chair "Eat, Eat!"  Indeed young Padawan! Momma wanted lunch, I can eat brekkie food 24/7 and we all agreed we wanted something we haven't tried. I immediately handed my phone to my better half and said "Please check Yelp for coordinates to Kitchen 324, and look over the menu while I drive. I think you're going to like it." So after driving down Robinson and passing it, we quickly found a parking spot a block away and a 10 minute walk over to the restaurant (toddler was leading and there's important things to stop and observe along the way, you see) We swung open the doors and looked at the simple, clean-lined beauty of this place. NICE. This didn't seem like OKC anymore. This joint was pretty swank. Apparently, we were not the only ones who decided to head here on a Saturday morning. It was slammed. People were shoulder to shoulder everywhere. We got a number and were told the wait was about 30 minutes. Which, when a toddler is present equals forever and could escalate to hell rather quickly. We shuffled past the crowd and found a little corner near the coffee building station and immediately saw pastries. Liam (the wee one) insisted on a muffin and hot chocolate and suggested mum and I have some coffee. The mixed berry muffins remind me of my grandmother's. Crumbly, melt in your mouth goodness!  I only had about 6 crumbs and got to lick the wrapper, the wife had a bite or two and the boy inhaled the rest. Finally we got called!  How do they say on the interwebs? SQUEE! Not quite...Here's where disenchantment set in kids. Once you are called up you do not go directly to a table. You get to then go stand in a line for the register where they take your order. What.The.Hell? I took a number to wait and then they call my number so I can go wait? The wow factor was slipping.After another 10 minutes, we order- BLT for momma, Steel cut oats and a side of fruit for the master and I got the fried green tomato Benedict and a side of biscuit with chorizo gravy for the table. Why not? Then, after sliding passed the line where the food comes out we get taken to a table!Our server was delightful and attentive and quickly settled my frazzled nerves by treating us like friends. She didn't talk to us like we were just some folk passing through her section, it was very refreshing. All the food was on par, wasn't thrilled with the chorizo gravy, a little chorizo goes along way and it was chock full o' sausage! Not a bad thing for some, just a little much for me. The toddler was a happy happy man with his oatmeal and fruit and the benedict and blt were very nicely done. We made a last minute decision that we HAD to take a baguette and some muffins with us to go, and our server gladly retrieved those for us and brought us the tab for fear of us having to face the dreaded line again. All in all, this place is great for the food and atmosphere, but during a busy time the setup to get people ordering and seated is a bit clunky. I will return, Oh yes, I will indeed. Just have to find a time when they aren't slammed, which by the way things are looking, may be never.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,7/11/2013,182,106,,6,1>Oh Dollhouse, you're a pretty fun evening. On Fridays there is a live band and burlesques shows every hour. After midnight, the band is cleared away from the dance floor. Did I mention there is a trapeze, swings, and dancers (some less talented than others) dance with silks on the bar? This is a novelty club. It's cool now....but in a few years? Well, for what it's worth it's a welcome change to the blah venues in Bricktown.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,7/10/2013,26,75,,1,2>This is a great little spot if you happen to be in Bricktown and don't feel like dancing. Nestled between a parking garage and a burlesque club, you could miss it if youre not paying attention. There are two floors, smoking allowed upstairs, and their patio is nice with easy access to your next destination. Sunday is their open mic comedy night, I recommend checking out the local talent.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,7/9/2013,45,165,2,4,2>If you have a sweet tooth, this place is for you. When you walk in, I know what you'll be thinking, "I wish I could bottle up this smell". If more places smelled like this, the world would be a happier place. When you walk in, you see a nicely decorated table with candy. The left and right walls are full of candy, all sorts of candy. Now my favorite part is the magic that the owner makes; that's all of the cookies, cupcakes, muffins, petit fors, etc.  We got the low down on all the goodies they made, making it virtually impossible to pick. We walked out with a tuxedo bomb, a ghirardelli three layer mini cake, chocolate brownie, and white chocolate macadamia and cherry cookie. On the way home, we thought we'd try the cookie and it disappeared...into our bellies. The cookie was soft and the perfect combination of everything with just the right amount of tart cherries. My favorite was the tuxedo dessert. I thought it was a little too big, but I want more! It is cream filled with two types of cream, maybe three. The other layered dessert was creamy as well. Oh yes, the brownie was solid. It's a brownie, a gooey, awesome brownie meant for chocolate and dessert lovers. On to their services. If you're having a get together, they'll set up a buffet for you. Stop by and thank me later!
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,7/8/2013,20,7,,5,2>Drum Room opened up on Western and 42nd really close to my house, so I decided to stop by. What a great decision- I ordered the Chicken and Waffles, and I was impressed. 4 Pieces of mixed fried chicken and a waffle. I covered 2 pieces with syrup, but the final two I covered in honey (a la bobo's). The skin was crispy and perfectly seasoned, and the inside was steaming hot and flavorful. The waffle was perfectly doughy and soaked up all the syrup and honey I had been pouring over the chicken and then crispy from all the fried bits left over. Excellent chicken, but know that meals are $10+. Huge portions and fair pricing, but not a lot under $10.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,7/7/2013,0,52,,2,1>Stopped here with a group of 4 the other night. We had been wanting to try it, but they have unusual and somewhat limited dine in hours. I guess they do catering as well. That may be part of the reason for the odd schedule. So check the hours for the dining room before you head there to make sure they are open.It is located a few doors to the right of Interurban restaurant in the Kickingbird shopping center. Plenty of parking.Not a huge place. Casual. There are some tall tables for two along the one wall. They also have live music on some nights.They have a fair selection of items on the menu, seafood, sandwiches, chicken, chops, desserts.Complimentary corn bread and croissants are the first things to arrive to get started on.At our table, I had the fisherman's platter. I think it may have been the most expensive dish on the menu at $24. It was good. It consisted of a grilled portion of fish and then fried fish and fried shrimp, definitely plenty to eat. It was supposed to come with a crab cake, but the chef decided to make a menu change. I also ordered the sweet potato which was good with the butter and brown sugar on it. There were also 3 sauces on the side. The fish was good as was the shrimp, but I would opt for a non fried version next time.The other guests had pork chops, blackened catfish, and gumbo. They all enjoyed theirs. However, service was not all at once. So I was eating mine for about 10 minutes before the remaining two dishes came out. It would have been better to get it all at once, but they have their method that works for them in the kitchen, so you just have to go with the flow.Drink menu is good and have some interesting combos. All the mixed drinks were good. Service was good.On our next trip I think I will try the gumbo or jambalaya. You can get a cup or bowl of it. The gumbo got a big thumbs up from person in our group who ordered it.Very casual place. Come as you are. There are other items on the menu I would like to try, so another trip will be on the agenda.Give it a try if you are by the Kickingbird theatres. Thumbs up.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,7/6/2013,12,23,,4,3>Lovely ambiance, very modern and simple with interesting textures all over the place.The staff is very friendly. Wei, our waitress was extremely helpful and very pleasant.The food is very good, you can tell everything is made from scratch, including the sweet chili, hot mustard, and duck sauces. The chef's special is a good way to try everything for not too much money. We really enjoyed the soup, the crackers went uneaten, but I suspect that's a nod to the local clientele. The appetizers were great, especially mixing the mustard and duck sauces like Wei suggested. And the meals themselves, I had the scallops with veggies and hubby had the szechuan pork,  were both lovely. The scallops were light and the sauce didn't overpower anything. The pork was very flavorful and had a little heat that built up pleasantly the more you ate. We had plenty of food to take home for at least another full meal and we went home full. I am excited to come back and try their sushi and peking duck. We will definitely be back.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,7/5/2013,60,285,,2,2>Now this is a good burger. Stopped in here with some friends to grab a bite to eat. This place is nice, clean, wide open. I ordered the double onion burger with cheese, fries and a milk shake. I can't say there is a thing that wasn't good about this meal. The burger was tasty and delicious. I could have used more onions, but no complaints here. It was juicy and mouth watering down to the last bite. The buns were perfect for this burger. Not like some other place around the corner. These buns held up and never got soggy. The fries were good but nothing out of this world. The shake well that is just the icing on the cake. A great side kick to this meal. Kind of like robin to the onion burgers batman. I will definitely be back. YUM!!!
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,7/4/2013,104,246,1,4,3>Coolgreens is a wonderful little restaurant nestled in the middle of Nichols Hills, just enough to make you feel like a yuppy or severely out of place (me) when you walk in. Sometimes it is hard for me to get past that until I think about their Berriwild smoothie. I think they might put crack in it because I am hooked. It is such a great, healthy mid-afternoon snack since I always get hungry around 3 or 4pm. When I order substantial food, I usually get a wrap and put whatever I feel like on it because they literally have every kind of fresh ingredient you could think of ready for you to eat on your salad or wrap. I have also had their southwest salad, which is spectacular and I love their curried tabouli (or you can get pasta salad as a side). Their flat bread pizzas are also quite tasty and mostly everything in this joint is healthy, plus they have all the nutritional information available at your technologically advanced fingertips. They have a couple different flavored, unsweetened teas that I really enjoy and some damn good frozen yogurt (or smoothies made with frozen yogurt that are even better). You can start racking up a bill when you order all that stuff, though, because you can expect to pay a little bit more to eat healthily pretty much anywhere you go but I've left $15 poorer after ordering a wrap and a smoothie so now I choose one or the other. Overall, coolgreens is a great place to eat a healthy lunch and it is usually fairly quick!
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,7/3/2013,214,465,3,9,4>*The 2nd floor is the place to be but it's not smoke free. *Monday specials: All day - $5.96 pizzas and $1.75 pints*Tuesday: Bingo @ 7:30 pm and $2.50 Bratwurst basket, comes with fries or chips*Wednesday: team trivia @ 7:30pm*Thursday: Ping pong tournaments, brewpub scavenger hunt @ 7:30pm*Live band every Friday and Saturday - $5 cover charge gets you in the door and two free drinks. *On Thunder game nights, ask for the Thunder menu for food specials. There are also $7 pitchers. Every TV will have the game on so if you're not a fan, deal with it.  *Try the chicken ranch nachos. You will thank me. *Keep It Local cards accepted for 10% off foodRestaurant hours: Monday thru Saturday 11am-10pmBrew Pub hours: Monday thru Thursday 11am-1am, Friday and Saturday 11am-2amHappy hours: Monday 3:30pm - close, Tuesday thru Friday 3:30pm-6:30pm
