<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,8/20/2011,33,43,6,8,6>My Ono trips are truly a breath of fresh air. Dave and Guy are always super welcoming and always go out of their way to make their customers happy. They always fill us in on their latest shipments and freshest items.I come here to fulfill my cravings for ahi poke, dehydrated tropical fruits, Hawaiian candies and small plate lunches (which are enormous!)- the wife and I share the huli huli smoked chicken and still have enough for lunch the next day... Thats saying a lot if you've ever seen my wife wolf down food.Also awesome are the home-made guava and passion fruit cakes- a thin slice of heaven for a couple bucks!I'm gonna miss this place when I leave Wisconsin!They have a small table in the back to eat in, and also offer free wifi!
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,8/19/2011,26,85,2,4,3>Let me preface by saying this was my first time eating pho or Vietnamese food for that matter, so don't take my word for it. My better half, however, is a pho fan and is more familiar with what "good pho" should taste like. He agrees that this place truly had some great pho. Set in a strip mall, this is a no frills setting with dark, dirty carpeting and plastic tablecloth covered tables. We came here on a Sunday for lunch and it was packed, always a good sign! The menu is extensive, and for a newbie, a bit confusing. The waitress was attentive, perhaps a bit too attentive, as we had to turn her away three times before we were finally ready to place our order. We tried the spring rolls, fresh and light. I had the shrimp pho and the better half had the #1, which i believe could be considered your classic pho. They come in two sizes, small and large bowls. The portions are super generous, we all had to pack up our left over pho to go. The broth was fragrant, the noodles were perfectly delicate, and I love how you can add in your own thai basil and bean sprouts to your liking. Never thought I would like pho so much, but i will definitely be back to try more!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,8/18/2011,34,86,,5,4>Lentil Soup and a hot appetizer. Our favorite takeout dinner from Casablanca. Great to take the chill off!I like the rosewater lemonade, and the mint tea for cold days.The buffet is great, lunch and brunch. Vegetarians love this place, and there are plenty of meat dishes for the rest of us. Belly dancing some nights.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,8/17/2011,9,80,,3,3>I'm glad I finally decided to try Dr. Dawg several months after they opened. I expected a mediocre, greasy FF joint, but was pleasantly surprised. After living in Chicago for a few years, I'd developed a taste for  Italian Beef and Chicago dogs. Most places outside of IL don't know how to make them. However, Dr. Dawg did not disappoint. Now I know where to get my fix!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,8/16/2011,228,281,4,6,6>So, I finally decided to join the cool kids and buy a bike!!I did a ton of asking around and everyone I talked to steered me this way, rather than Bayview. They were tremendously helpful, listening to my list of needs and specifications as well as price point that I wanted to stay within. I test rode two bikes after they were both fitted to me with a lot of patience. I'm not crazy tall, so finding something that let my toes touch while leaving enough clearance that I didn't sing soprano was important. I ended up deciding on a fixed gear, which I haven't ridden in forever, it seems. It took a little bit of remember that I can't coast, but I think I'm there after only a couple miles. I ended up replacing the grips for something more ergonomic for my fighters hands and picked up a lock right away. My experience took just about an hour from start to finish and I walked out the door to ride my new Haro home. I can't stress enough that they care about what they sell you. It's more about making the one sale that counts and keeps you happy than it is to sell you something high priced just to make the money. Go here for a great experience that doesn't rush you and even suggests trying as many as it takes to find your fit. Oh yeah, two years of free labor for the bike is a huge bonus too.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,8/15/2011,30,41,,8,2>Hands down, THE BEST gym I've ever joined!  The fact that it's new probably helps....it can be confusing since there are 4 floors and you have to navigate to get to certain areas...but the staff are so helpful if you have any problems.  Free valet after 5 and all weekend if parking is a problem, and since I don't live Downtown, this is very hepful.  It was very cheap for me to join, and $10 for unlimited tanning every month?! That is insane cheap, especially for brand new (and very nice) beds.  Their classes are unbeatable.  The instructors are awesome, and motivational, and all the classes are included with your membership!  Pool, cardio, weights, sauna, lady gold's, yoga, cardio cinema....there is something for everyone at every fitness level.  And I have belonged to nearly every other gym in Milwaukee, I'm glad I made the switch.  Downfall: u have to sign a contract.  If you need out of it, you can sell your membership though, so it is reversible.  JOIN!!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2011,8/14/2011,25,54,3,2,2>I've had take out from Anmol a few times and have thoroughly enjoyed the food each time.  Last night, I wanted to check the place out in person.They may get more business at a different location, but I think they rely on regular customers and those in the know, and there's a good reason for this.The food was delicious.  Perfectly spiced with very generous portions.  We initially just ordered a couple dishes, but kind of kept going as everything sounded delicious.  Per Sona B, the chicken makhani was the best, not that the biryani and mutton korma were anything buy awesome.My girlfriend was also excited about the Qeema Samosas.  They were smaller than what I expected, crispy skin.  The filling was so flavorful.  Just wait for them to cool right out of the fryer... otherwise... you may just taste the burning of your own tongue.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,8/13/2011,18,20,4,5,5>Wow! Although the very nice woman who checked me out wrote "NEWBIE!!!" on the Groupon I used, I can tell you that I won't be for long!I took a quick tour around the place, and it's hysterical. Lots of beer, nice grocery, all the things you forgot that you didn't know you needed, lots of stuffed critters, pinatas, and fun decor! Yes, the Atari is FREE, with a large selection of games, and two chairs for friends to play! The building itself is just the right size for everything it contains.As for the food... I picked up a bottle of ice cold water for 89 cents, which is stellar these days. For my sandwich, I opted for a panini with a very silly name which I cannot remember. The sandwich itself was more delicious than I have words for. Salami, ham, gooey provolone, green peppers, and onions, grilled to "OMG THIS IS AWESOME." The sandwich was huge, and rolled up with a dill pickle, and two pieces of candy!! I happened to get a Mary Jane and A SWEDISH FISH, much to my delight, as it is my FAVORITE candy. I was told they have a variety, and if you're really nice and ask, they'll include your choice when the sandwich is ready. It was seriously a delightful experience, and you HAVE to come here. Groupon aside, the sandwich would've been $5.29 + tax, which is a STEAL for what it was. You can mix and match ingredients, too, so if you want a different type of meat/cheese/veggie, the staff made it clear they're willing to accommodate.The girls who did the actual sandwich creating were perky, fun, and very nice! (One recognized my ankle tattoo, which always makes my day.) The service was quick and friendly.I would spend MUCH more time here if I were a little closer. Totally worth the crazy parking on a one way street! If you're local and really lazy, they also deliver. :) There are vegetarian options if you need.I DEFINITELY recommend grabbing some lunch here! I can't wait to go back and try more stuff.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,8/12/2011,41,168,2,3,3>Simply put, you won't find a better cheesesteak in Wisconsin than at The Philly Way.This is as close as you'll get to the real thing in the Midwest. The actual restaurant is a real hole-in-the-wall... exactly how it should be for a cheesesteak joint!I always go with the Cheese lovers that includes cheese whiz, American and Provolone. It is incredibly messy but worth every single bite. There isn't much seating here, especially in the winter since most of the indoor area is more like a garage so it gets cold. Basically, try to avoid rush hour times so you can eat at the fully indoor area (only 3-4 tables). I appreciate that they actually have a (free) parking lot, a rarity for a downtown food establishment. But back on the topic of the food itself - it is A M A Z I N G. This is a Milwaukee gem that you absolutely must try.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,8/11/2011,8,88,2,2,2>Too often I feel I don't yelp about my favorite Milwaukee spots because I go there so often.  Bryants is a great time.  Their bartenders will whip you up pretty much anything you can think of.  They'll give you vodka fire, ice cream anything, prohibition cocktails, a Moscow Mule in a copper cup!, a select few will even give you ice cream fire!  I want something that tastes like... (insert dessert or whatever here) and they do it!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2011,1/1/2012,66,228,2,7,6>Aloha Ono Kine Grindz! Lively atmosphere, friendly service, incredibly delicious food! This Hawaiian restaurant/store is small, but the spirit is warm and welcoming. When you first step in the restaurant, you might think that you've gone to the wrong place and accidentally stepped into a bustling convenience store, but upon further examination, all sensory clues will lead towards Hawaiian goodness. Once you walk through the store and up the stairs, you'll find three separate dining spaces. I kind of like the idea that there is a limit to the number of people who can be there at once- It feels more intimate, and you can tell the labor that went into making your food great (or even watch the owners as they prepare your meals). The decor in the spaces is varied and cute (especially in the nook off to the right side) but it is a little cramped with shoppers and eaters all in one small space. The food was amazing! I went in a group of four and we each tried something different, and it was all amazing. One of the owners managed to blend Korean foods with the Hawaiian, and the result is really delicious. I feel like it does detract a bit that the food is served in styrofoam carryout containers, both for the environment and general atmosphere, but they do give exceedingly large portions. Ideally, it would be nice if they would ask people if they would prefer their food on a plate or in a carryout container, which would then limit the number of each. Or at least at about $8-9 per portion, it would be nice if they could upgrade from styrofoam to a paper-based container.Anyhow, Ono Kine Grindz is a great neighborhood discovery! It is completely unique and totally worth a visit!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,12/31/2011,146,306,5,6,4>This has to be one of the most simple business concepts ever: 1. Open in a yuppie neighborhood with a ton a kids 2. Choose a location highly accessible to foot traffic 3. Make it kid-friendly 4. Make it healthy 5. Make it easy (self-serve) and make it DELICIOUS 6. Stand back and let the customers pour in!. I don't even feel I need to comment on the product, other reviewers have already done a great job of that, and I agree with all of them. What really impressed me was the amount of foot traffic in the village on a Sunday evening. Hollander was full both inside and out, as was Yo Mama! Businesses like these two and others have really helped to transform Tosa village into a "first choice" when we are thinking of going someplace close to home. Nine years ago when we moved to the village, it was Restorante, Noodles, and the Chancery. The options are so much better and varied now. Thanks again Yo-Mama! and welcome to the community!!
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,12/30/2011,41,76,,9,4>When you walk into Carnevor you immediately know you're in a high end establishment.  The decor is very appealing & looks like a place you want to be.  I think it's great to be by the windows up front to check out the scene outside but if you want a more intimate spot you can request a table in the back or on the loft.  I appreciate the deem lighting, quiet atmosphere & the tables are set up perfectly.  This is an awesome place for a date with your special someone.  The wait staff treats you as if you're their next big client.I really enjoyed my experience at Carnevor.  I ordered the Barrel Cut Filet (medium well) with a side of Mac & Cheese (my all-time favorite food).  I did not drink any wine this night but I did order a cocktail.....Circoc & lemonade - it was delightful.  Not enough restaurants or bars have my vodka of choice, so kudos to Carnevor.The filet was so tender and flavorful.  I love when your knife cuts right through your steak without feeling like you got a workout in to cut it.  They provide some special sauce for you to dip your steak in when it comes out.  The sauce enhanced the taste of the steak even more.  The Mac & Cheese was very good - I'm not entirely sure what all cheeses they use but if had great flavor as well.My only compliant is for $39 (price of barrel cut) you should get some sort of side with your steak, but I guess Carnevor disagrees....haha.  This is probably not a place you will be able to frequent often unless you are really doing well financially or highly value eating out over anything else - but when you go be sure to really enjoy it.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2011,12/29/2011,37,169,,3,3>All other hotels should be ashamed of themselves! You could spend hours just looking at everything in the Iron Horse's lobby and still not see everything.  While I am a Milwaukee resident, I have been to the Iron Horse several times to eat and hang out and it's simply the best hotel in the city.  We recently did Thanksgiving dinner at the hotel and it was the best Thanksgiving dinner I've ever had. The Iron Horse gets everything right from the staff, to the look, to the food.  And Thursday bike nights during the summer are a great way to socialize and looks at some amazing bikes.We will be spending New Year's Eve at the Iron Horse. Feel a bit silly doing that since we live 5 blocks away but the hotel is that good that I want the whole experience.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,12/28/2011,296,303,2,5,3>A really nice way to spend a saturday morning is to come to the South Shore Farmer's Market! And bring along your well-behaved 4 legged friends ;)I purchased some farm fresh eggs from Norman Stephan who lives out in Franksville. He also raises chicken, duck (muscovy - he says that they are less greasy), geese (which he says ARE greasier) and turkeys. I'm considering a turkey from him for one of the holidays later in the year! If you, too - be sure to grab a paper with his contact info.Next to Norman was another farmer with lots of corn. And he has huge Kohlrabi for $1.00. It's kind of like a giant turnip with a cabbag-ey flavor. I cooked it with olive oil, butter, salt, pepper along with my beets. It actually became the same texture as the beets (depending how long you cook it). For a buck, it was a great value. It can also be eaten raw (on a salad, for example).Also purchased swiss chard for another buck and fresh beets for $2.00. Walk around, though, to look for the best beets. Some were too tiny.Check out the Beechwood Cheese Co.!They have a great gouda, delicious dilly cheese and even chicken soup cheese! No... really :) It's different and interestingly good.I hope they get in a few more vendors here, there's definitely room...
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,12/27/2011,296,1325,22,7,8>The Comet is haunted. Seriously.Every time I visit, I experience some supernatural phenomena. For example, when I was in for brunch recently, I looked at the menu and thought "hmm...fruit and granola. That looks good. Yep, I'll have that". Yet - when the friendly hipster dude comes to get my order, a voice not my own orders the Comet Benedict.Or at dinner...I've decided on a salad, a fresh and leafy salad. Yet, somehow a deep fried turkey dinner gets ordered. This tricky poltergeist even has the ability to suppress the body's natural satiety signals, meaning you will eat and drink WAY too much.Listen carefully when you exit, and doubtless you will hear an evil laugh as the resident ghost watches you waddle down the sidewalk. He knows you will have a terrible, terrible gluttony induced stomachache later. I call this phantom The Ghost of Terrible but Delicious Decisions, and he is one dirty bastard.Please Comet, call in the Ghostbusters. I'm fat enough and out of Tums.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,12/26/2011,76,73,6,4,3>LOVE this place... MEAT SWEATS! Based on the salad bar ALONE I would give this place 4 stars. I appreciate a good salad bar, let me tell you, but this is the MOTHER of all salad bars.Then, at the flip of a disc..IT STARTS! Much like a stop light, Green means GO and Red means HALT.. out of nowhere, huge sticks of meat are suddenly surrounding you with their succulent goodness. My biggest tip; COME HUNGRY! I tried to sample all of the meats, and did it successfully!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They have chicken and sausage options and other meats  if youd prefer to not eat just beef.ALSO NOTE: They have great lunch specials.. Here, posted from their website:Lunch options include:First Course: A sumptuous, healthy, lighter lunch that includes many of nature's greatest achievements. The First Course includes gourmet salads, grilled vegetables, imported cheeses and appetizers. $9.95Executive Lunch: Enjoy the First Course and your choice of three cuts of our fire-roasted meats served directly from the skewers. This is your chance to enjoy the excitement of the Gaucho and flavor of our delectable cuts of meat in a smaller lunch portion. $14.95Full Rodizio: Our renowned Full Rodizio includes the First Course and endless fire-roasted meats. $28.50Its located downtown and parking can be an issue but they have valet if you wanna do that.. otherwise if you live in the area (which I do) just walk! There are a lot of parking garages around the area too though just in case.GO FORTH! AND EAT MEAT! Seriously just thinking about it right now makes me want to get it in the next 24 hours.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2011,12/25/2011,20,56,6,4,4>I know the writeup says this place isn't good for dancing, but I did the electric slide after seeing the beer menu (it's electric).  After settling on an apple lambic, I enjoyed an awesome conversation with a great friend of mine.  It's nice to be able to concentrate on your drink and the company you keep without 8 HDTVs blasting ESPN in your ear.  No matter your vice the Palm has you covered, I also love the selection of local brews and spirits.  If I could design a bar it would be like this.  I think Anthony Bourdain needs to bring his skinny, chain smoking butt back to MKE and check out this gem.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2011,12/24/2011,87,184,6,5,3>Nom nom nom. This is what my 2-year-old son said about MCC, and I have to agree. Even though I have known of the cupcake store for a while now, I have not actually checked it out before this weekend. (Waistline and wallet preservation). But my best friend got married Saturday, and I picked up the MCC mini cupcakes she had ordered the day before the wedding. They were nicely packed and looked excellent. I purchased a rocky road weekly special for the road, which I devoured as soon as I got going...... YUM. The cupcakes were kept in their closed catering trays in the AC-ed hotel overnight, and when we opened them up the next day, they were extremely delicious. Per the cupcake survival instructions, refrigeration will dry, so airtight is the way to go. Apparently the can survive in a cool place for 3-4 days this way. I really doubt they could have been much better the day before. And in fact, they are still quite delicious today. Because we had a variety of minis at the wedding, I have now gotten to try about six different flavors in the last three days. I'm impressed with almost all of them, from the peanut butter and jelly sandwich to the smores to the sweet tea. I've had some beautiful but dry cupcakes in my day, and these are really fantastic from cake to butter cream. My poor and wallet and waistline...
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2011,12/23/2011,97,180,3,4,4>When I first moved across the street from Estabrook Park, I heard some shady things about it. I decided, screw it, I'm going to explore this wilderness across the street on my own. What have I discovered? I love living across the street from Estabrook Park. I have three favorite things to do here: 1.) Just take a walk through the park. 2.) Take a bike ride on the paths that lead to Shorewood, Milwaukee and the Oak Leaf Trail and 3.) Pitifully attempt to play disc golf. I mean really I try, I have fun, but I am not good.Anyway, in addition to the 18 hole disc golf course and the trails, Estabrook Park also has soccer fields, a softball diamond, a dog exercise area, picnic areas, playgrounds, and a little skate park. There always seems to be a smorgasbord of different kinds of people here too. That's cool. I like that.I think the park has really improved in quality since they added the disc golf course. On nice days when I have my windows open the sounds of discs clinking in their holes is like music to my ears, letting me know it's actually a fairly decent day outside. Is Estabrook Park sketch-free? No. Have I seen people getting their 420 on down by the river? Yes (Who cares?). But is it a cool city park with lots of free outdoor stuff for people to do? Yup. And for that Estabrook, I thank you. P.S. Others have written reviews for Estabrook under the name Eastabrook Park so you can find additional reviews about the park there....
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2011,12/10/2011,36,140,6,2,4>This place started out as a 2 star and wormed its way into my heart as a 4.Went there on a Saturday night for dinner and was greeted with "Hi!  Just so you know, we're out of [about a million things]."  OK.  Great.  So I opted for an ahi tuna sandwich because it seemed to be one of the only things they had available(with tater tots are you KIDDING me -- fan-freaking-tastic!).  I had lowered expectations, but let me tell you, son...that was an awesome sammich!  I'm not a huge fan of wasabi in general, but it was served with a side of wasabi mayo that was so good, I probably would have put it on pancakes if there was any left over.I was a disappointed when I was told they were out of Seagram's for my daily 7&7 (and if you know anything about me, you know that fucking with my whisk-ay isn't a good thing) but I was pleasantly surprised when the bartender magically found a bottle someplace and gave me my "medicine" on the house.  I'm not sure where this mystery bottle came from, but I don't ask questions, I just say proper thanks to Our Lady of Jameson and call it a night.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,12/9/2011,73,141,2,5,5>This is vastly becoming one of my favorite places...after just two visits!  Both times i had the Vodka Salsa Rosa which was just amazing!  Sometimes i get stuck on one plate, and order it every time i go to a place.  I'm going to try something new next time.And the Bruschetta (both the traditional and salami) are just amazing.  Possibly the best I've had.Via has such a great feel to it.  I love the cream city brick, and the bar area is really unique as well.  There is something about Downer Avenue that i just love.  It is what i picture in my mind when I think of the East Side of Milwaukee (specially on a snowy night).  How I've missed Via since it opened, I'm not sure (I'll stop wasting my time at Cafe Hollander!).  Though i do still miss the Coffee Trader.And a lot of people (even some of the reviews) have said to me that its just like their other place, Transfer.  I just don't agree with that.  Though i can't comment on the pizza (i don't eat pizza), i would go to Via anytime over Transfer.  I think that Via is less focused on Pizza, and more on their other food.Love it.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,12/8/2011,313,188,4,4,4>I love this place. I am very biased because I do stand up here pretty regularly but I also use the bathroom at Whole Foods a lot and I didnt let that effect their review... They have an open mic here every Wednesday night at 8. Its free to get in but there is a 2 drink minimum per person. Does not have to be alcohol, but it may as well be... They have other local and professional acts perform Thurs- Saturday nights (notice how I was willing to spell Saturday out but not Thursday back there... Im lazy. I didnt have time)... Those shows they sell tickets for and actually land some pretty good acts. People you'd recognize from movies, Conan, and other stuff like that... OR you may see me. And recognize me from Cafe Hollander on downer... And be jealous of my beard. All these things are possibilities... If you add them on facebook I know there are weekly ticket giveaways and other specials... Yada Yada. Support Local comedy!tell them ryan sent you.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,12/7/2011,181,369,6,10,7>FYI: This review is based solely on takeout order (not the actual space).-----------Enter the best veggie burger I've ever had.  Ever!Today at work they ordered us lunch which means that they expect us to work through lunch (as I'm beginning to realize).  But that's ok by me when I found out where it was from!I ordered the Mushroom & Swiss burger (veggie)...  Boy oh boy.. the FLAVOR!  I didn't even need any condiments!  The mushrooms were fresh and abundant.  The swiss melty good.  But the true star here was that flavor packed veggie burger!Tastebuds delight.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,12/6/2011,117,150,7,5,4>Walk in. See this. WHAT DO?!This place is beyond strange, but in the most amusing way. You really need to see it for yourself. It's very tiny, so don't go with a group or anything.Rachel F. sums it up by saying the owner is eccentric. You may feel like you're about to have a real-life soup nazi experience, but just stay calm. Breathe. Look at the soup menu--because it is AWESOME!When I stopped in, I had a bowl of some cheesy soup with scallions. It came with a gigantic chunk of bread. It was fantastic...though I should know better than to eat melty cheese anything. BOWELS. OW.I wanted to try everything, so I definitely need to go back. I haven't even tried any of the sandwiches yet either. So much to eat, so little time.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2011,12/5/2011,90,490,1,6,7>The owner pays attention to Yelp.  The owner responded very shortly after my initial review with a sincere and gracious apology, and reasonably pointed out that I was only focused on the coupon issue without even mentioning the establishment's food, service, and atmosphere.  In all fairness, the food is okay, good pub fare, the appetizers really excellent, the beer and liquor selection is ample, and the space is very attractive - beautiful rich wood interior with international clock settings and generous big screen televisions for sports fans.  Lots of room for medium sized groups, comfortable place for drinks with friends. It's a really nice space, much nicer than just a neighborhood tavern, with convenient parking as well. Other than being embarrassed for trying to use a coupon, the service up until then was fine.  Honestly, we were enjoying ourselves until the bill.       I had assumed that the waitress was acting on restaurant policy, rather than her own initiative. The response was extraordinarily thoughtful, acknowledging my discomfort over the coupon denial, and very tactfully protesting my excessive use of negative adjectives, and most politely, not pointing out that my use of the word, meretricious was incorrect.  The response took ownership of the service shortcoming, convinced me that my problem was addressed and ameliorated, and made me feel welcome and invited back.  The owner's response suggests a real concern for quality service.    I thought about removing my initial one star review, but I hope by retaining it, and revisiting it with this addition, I can convey my appreciation of the unusually courteous and considerate reaction I received.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2011,12/4/2011,172,484,4,5,3>I got my first tattoo ever here from Trell last night. He's pretty laid back and good to talk to. His bedside manner for a first timer is pretty good too. It was actually surprisingly less painful than I thought it would be.Str8 Klownin' is a pretty much appointment only kind of tattoo shop. They do take walk-ins, but I have a feeling that it is only if it is something simple and they have the time between appointments. Speaking of which, they may not always be open during posted hours if they don't have appointments so it's probably a good idea to call ahead.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2011,12/3/2011,17,196,3,4,3>I work by the El Rey on 13th street. I eat here frequently. I am a fan of the flautas and the pork tamales.  I used to eat the pork tamales more often than I'd like to admit, but since the price increases (they now run like 9 bucks) I have been eating them less. Plus I can't help but put salsa roja on it and El Rey's is spicy! Delicious, but spicy! My body appreciates me not eating this as often as I did.Produce prices are dirt cheap. Yeah suck it Pick N Save. Employees at this location understand Spanglish pretty well. I never had any issues with clients or staff.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2011,12/2/2011,126,304,3,8,7>I love the Downer. I think it holds nostalgia for me as well since my husband and I used to go to movies here while we were first dating. Are people going to complain about how the chairs are rickety, the screen has a big smudge on it, sometimes the movie stops, and the temperature cannot be controlled well? Yes. But not this girl. Any theater that has Indie films I fully support and think they are great for our community!
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2011,12/1/2011,18,41,5,6,6>Gelato is the snack of the indecisive.  Every gelato specific place I have been to allows multiple flavors in a cup and thank god for that.  The other thing every gelato place I have been to has is what seems like a million different flavors to choose from and damn if sometimes it is a REALLY hard choice.  So it comes very much in handy to be able to pick more then one flavor.I couldn't pronounce the name to this place if I wanted.  It sounds like a Pokemon and for all I know, it is one.  But what I can tell you is that they had some really flavorful gelato.  On the scale of cold treats, gelato sits at the top of me, above custard, ice cream and frozen yogurt, in that order.  There is something about gelato.  The non-fruity flavors just taste more creamy, more full of flavor then you get with ice cream and the fruity flavors kick you in the mouth.  They taste like fresh fruit in the best possible sense.  All that and gelato is the more healthy alternative between these frozen treats with less fat, far less in some instances.On this visit (I will be back) I went with non-fruity flavors and you are able to get 5 flavors in the large cup, which was great.  I tried out the peanut butter cookies and milk, regular cookies and milk, S'mores, wedding cake and creme caramel.  Every single one was just packed with flavor.  I think the S'mores was my favorite, it was like a cold, gooey brownie with a marshmallow/graham cracker after-taste.  All the other flavors tasted just like I'd expect with a ton of flavor and also really nice and creamy.This is only the second gelato place I've been to in the area, but they are becoming more and more popular so I am sure I'll be trying more.  If I had to pick, I'd go to DiVino Gelato in Waukesha over this place, but that's not to say I was disappointed here at all.  I hope to not only try all these other places that have begun to serve gelato, but I hope to be back here again sometime soon.  A great snack.  If I could eat it everyday without dying of fat, I would.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2012,1/21/2012,228,281,4,6,5>For review #100, this is a novella.  Deal with it.  Or skip the next three paragraphs.I moved to Wisconsin in 2005.  I had little to no knowledge of the state, much less any of the urban areas, such as Milwaukee or Madison.  I lived in Thiensville and was working for Kohler at The American Club, running The Immigrant Room & Winery Bar.  I knew food.  I knew wine.  And I knew all about cities, circa NYC.  For my first year living here, I learned more about Sheboygan than I did about Milwaukee.  My dining experiences in MKE were but two locations, the now-defunct Celia's in the Pfister (meh, but better than my visits to Mason St. by far) and Sanford's (which is still a favorite of mine).  All of my eating was done way north or cooked at home.My then-mentor, Rhys Lewis, used to give me all kinds of grief over not getting into MKE more to eat.  I told him to have me work less, or better yet, buy dinner.  As my leaving Kohler to work for a prominent Milwaukee restaurant group, he agreed.  So we, along with our significant others, went to dinner in April of 2006 for what would set the mark for my future dining in MKE.While I can't tell you the specifics of my dishes that night, I can tell you that we ordered the entire appetizer menu, at least two salads, and a selection of desserts.  That ordering style would become standard for me both here and most everywhere else I would end up eating after.  I'm a fan of variety and tasting as many different things as possible, and Roots, to this day, still caters perfectly to that for me.Fast forward...a lot.  It's now 2011.  In five years, I've eaten at Roots at least an average of twice a year, not including the time that I worked behind the bar for them, when I ate there nearly every night.  I've enjoyed items featuring veggies raised by the owner and other kitchen staff, I've tasted a few different dishes featuring items from squid ink to non-meat "meats" to any one of what seems to be an endless amount of pork based products.The menu is pretty spot on, with the occasional miss, as with any restaurant.  The level of creativity has always been a perk of the style here, and the addition of events like Sunday Supper, with a family-style approach to simple comfort foods shows a versatility that recognizes a love of food, rather than a drive to simply create one specific facet.I've always enjoyed the pulled pork sammie on pretzel bread, and the pulled pork nachos.  Actually, I've enjoyed everything that's involved pork here, so let's just check that box off now.Vegetarian options, while bountiful, aren't always my thing.  Some items, like the veggie burger, I've loved, but other items didn't exactly cry out to me as a biased carnivore.I will also say that the mussels here are extremely good in the variations that I've had over the years, but I wish the portion size was a bit more to my excessive appetite to all things from the ocean.  Sort of the same approach to all things dessert that I crave.  The desserts here are more hit than miss, by far, but, aside from the really rich chocolate mousse, they don't fill me.  So, maybe I'm becoming more Wisconsin than I thought.Lastly, the bar is still my favorite thing.  I liked the Cellar for it's casual atmosphere, the eclectic variety of music, and, way back in the day before Brewer Hill got too full of itself, the live entertainment.  Drinks are both simple and crafted, beer is mostly independent and awesome, and all of the bartenders have individual attitudes and styles, so there's always been an appeal for different people on different nights.Service here is, as with everywhere, something that depends on who you are.  I'm pretty subjective when it comes to a server or bartender's personality.  Some people just make a better connection than others.  I've never thought of anyone here as pretentious, but interaction tends to be professionally casual, a suit with no tie and the top button or two undone.Unbiased, right?  Maybe not entirely, but it's factual and honest.  And, giving it five stars, I mean it's worth five stars.  I truly do love this place.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,1/20/2012,92,265,7,3,5>I would probably never shop at Koppa's (an Eastside institution) for regular groceries -- the prices of regular items are sky high -- but if you're going to their deli and say "Hey Colin, want to go to Koppa's for a sandwich?" chances are I'll have swiped your car keys and will be sitting in your car ready to GO. Please don't turn me in for grand theft auto, it's just that I get super excited and motivated by the thought of Koppa's to DO stuff...like eat!I'd go just to interact with the too-cool-for-school deli staff, just to view what they've got in their deli-case-of-deliciousness. Seriously fantastic sandwiches, with one named after each planet in the solar system -- yep, even Pluto. My personal favorites are the Frukwine, Baron Rodgers, and Satyr. Be prepared for whatever sandwich you get to literally explode goodness into your mouth!Might I also recommend snagging a Sprecher soda and perhaps some Army men gummies or chocolate covered peanut butter pretzels for a cap to an awesome lunch/dinner sandwich? Yes. I would.I am a bit sad that Herman (?) the lobster "liberated" from a local supermarket is no longer there -- but I do like he's in good hands now. Also, if you want to play some classic Atari while you wait, be my guest!"Koppa's feeds the planet" -- with delicious sandwiches. Love it...and I still haven't experienced the Hodag, their supposedly awesome breakfast sandwich!
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2011,1/19/2012,9,80,2,2,2>BF and I attended a concert cruise last weekend on Milwaukee Boat Line. It was a good time. The boat wasn't fancy, but it had some character. We were on their newer boat, called the Vista King. It was a beautiful, warm, calm night and the ride along the river and out onto the lake was lovely. The atmosphere on the boat was very casual with only 2 staff members on-board: the captain and the bartender. The bartender seemed like she hated her job, so that made ordering cocktails less than pleasurable. But overall, I would recommend the MKE boat concert cruises as a fun and different way to spend a Sat night. Tix are about $20 each (and i believe all shows are 21+). And with all the summer festivals going on, you're bound to see fireworks from a nice vantage point.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,1/18/2012,12,27,2,3,2>Zaffiro's is without question my favorite pizza joint in Milwaukee. Allow me to list the reasons why, if wars were waged between local pizza places, I'd pledge my life and allegiance to Zaffiro's...1. The sink to wash your hands after using the bathroom sits in the middle of the restaurant, right behind the bar. So much for pretentiousness.2. Neon signs account for the majority of the interior lighting.3. Zaffiro's only does super-thin crust. "Deep dish," you say? Please. Eating pizza should not require the use of a fork.4. The waitresses will call you "honey."5 - 10. Their pizza is just so damn tasty.It's loud, a bit of a dive, parking can be a nightmare, you'll probably have to wait for a seat and yet you'll go back the following night for seconds.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2011,1/17/2012,73,56,9,6,6>dogs roam the aislessmall emergencies vanisha house becomes home
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2011,1/16/2012,190,322,1,8,6>Tonight was my first visit to the recently opened Kafe Kultura. It is in the space formerly held by Pedranos Mexican Restaurant. The space has been renovated with a modern look and has an attached full bar. The theme is Latin Fusion, dishes represent different Latin American countries, including the Carribbean.  Happy Hour runs week nights from 4:00-7:00 and features  $2 domestic beers, $3 Nibblers, and $5 Latin American drinks such as Mojitos and Caipirinhas. There are also nightly food specials with items not normally on the menu, such as Fajitas on Tuesday night, Ribs on Thursday night, Fish Fry on Fridays and Fish Tacos on Saturdays.My visit tonight included samples of their chicken empanadas, South American style with a corn masa-based shell, as opposed to the flour-based shell used in the carribbean empanadas. They are served with a very flavorful and somewhat spicy cross between ajo and pico de gallo, delish! I also sampled the Yuca wrapped in bacon. Actually it was a casserole dish of fried Cassava (Yuca) and diced bacon, also very good!My entree was the waitresses favorite on the menu, Pechuga Rellena, which is chicken breast stuffed with mashed sweet plantain, then wrapped in bacon. For this dish, picture something along the lines of spiedini. The chicken and bacon were a bit dry, perhaps a little overcooked, but the presentation was great, and I appreciated the effort!There are dishes from Colombia, Costa Rica, and the Domincan Republic that I would like to try. I definitely plan to go back soon to explore the menu and see what else this chef can do. So far, I'm impressed!Go check this place out before it's no longer a "secret!" By the way, the menu states that brunch is coming soon, so watch for that, too.Photos to come on Twitter and later on Yelp.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2011,1/15/2012,49,29,5,7,4>Good food -Great soup -Great value -Great drinks -Great dessert -Great coffee -Open late, food served late & real gem in iffy neighborhood -Remember what The Social was like before it sucked and got big?Staff was excellent -Anyone know that billboard on Water St/1st as you come into the 5th Ward? It says "Feels like I'm in Amsterdam" in an ad, 20 feet tall for a condo. It is high-brow, snobby, and it sucks. Milwaukee isn't Amsterdam, we're better and the people sweating and hustling at The Noble prove it. These people care and it isn't crap on the wall, or excessive verbiage on the menu,Cheers, bless you, welcome to the 'hood.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2011,1/14/2012,7,95,,6,5>Mitchell's leather is a part of Third Ward and Milwaukee tradition, and though the signage and entrance is a bit dated, you can't not be impressed by what you discover inside.I came here not to buy any leather goods, but just some leather for my own goods and was very impressed with both the selection and service, especially during the week of Christmas.  Beyond that, their products are amazing, and the factory is a part of Third Ward history.I would suggest that you check out their website to get an idea of what they make, who they are, and their general philosophy, then stop in some time for a tour of the factory.Their bags can get pricey since they're hand made and custom made, but they also make belts, wallets, and valet trays (which you may have seen at Third Ward festivals).If nothing else, stop in for a tour.  David and his mother like to show off the factory, and it's really great to have a place like this in the Third Ward.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2011,1/13/2012,34,86,,4,2>Neighborhood Vietnamese Food. Expanding to double the number of tables, and they need it! We had trouble finding the restaurant at night. It is tucked away and we called after cruising back and forth, looking for them. The fellow jumped outside to the curb to flag us down! Friendly staff. Very good food. Deserves lots of patrons to fill up their new space. We especially liked the fact that it is much cleaner than many of our other favorite Vietnamese restaurants in Milwaukee.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2011,1/12/2012,147,207,4,7,6>I bought my first grown-up cowgirl boots this week to celebrate my birthday...It was my first visit to the Boot Connection.The service was great, I cannot remember his name, but he was very helpful. They have a ton of boots of the cowboy persuasion (As well as work and motorcycle boots...and of course Moccasins). As the name suggests...They are a boot store and don't carry a whole lot else. You locate your size and then dig through the selves. The excitement of finding your boots match in the pile is palpable. As is, I'm sure the pure agony, of a boot with no match.From basic black and brown, to pink and purple, shiny to worn in, toned down to flashy. Prices range but it seemed the median was about $150.00 for a nice pair. I saw an amazing white snake skin embellished pair (There may have been rhinestones) for $500.00 and others for under $100.00.They have buy a pair get the second half-off so bring a friend or an insatiable appetite for boots. I must have tried on every available pair in my size and even shoved my tootsies into some that weren't all with no evil eye from the staff. I felt very welcome.....And clearly, a Boot Connection was indeed made.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,11/14/2013,20,38,,7,4>A beautiful asset to Milwaukee in so many ways. Fresh, locally sourced produce, herbal products, plants and flowers, freshly prepared food from a variety of cultures, zumba, cookoffs, kid's entertainment, you name it! The prices are always reasonable and everything is oh so fresh. I usually come home with enough produce to share/trade with neighbors and friends, including a Christmas tree-sized bush of collard greens each week and some of the best strawberries I've ever had in my life. They also accept WIC and QUEST which says a lot about their stance on availability of fresh foods no matter what you make, where you live, or who you are (freaking awesome!).  I have only been in the city for two years, and I truly appreciate the way that this place breaks down boundaries between people in ways that other places do not seem to do (or even try to). If only you were year long, Fondy Food Market!!!!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,11/13/2013,61,283,2,8,3>Impressed.  Just ordered take out but the restaurant was clean, the prices were good and the sushi was fresh.  Good basic menu - not many fancy rolls.  Rice has great texture.  Avocado was ripe and all other veggies were fresh.  Can't wait to go back!
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,11/12/2013,117,150,6,3,4>If you're a fan of measuring things in inches, look no further!I've been known to frequent Camp for Sunday afternoon bloodies, which arrive in a quite tall stein-like glass, with just the right amount of spiciness and delicious add-ons. Don't forget the tasty chaser! I know I like a side of alcohol with my alcohol.The decor is well done with a nod to up north campiness (see what I did there?). Lots of wood and warm red tones...and like, dead animals everywhere. I especially like the dead raccoons paddling the little canoe behind the bar. The animals are taxidermied, not just rotting carcasses, so that's a plus.The bartenders are really nice and attentive and they keep things fun. I always enjoy myself more at a place when I see the staff having a good time.It's not a super big place, so when it gets busy, expect it to take a bit longer to get your order and don't be a dick about it. Cheers!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,11/11/2013,162,248,1,8,6>Today, Wednesday 7/17/13 at about 12:30 PM, we arrived at Solly's to a counter-full of people and had to wait about ten minutes.  Yes, Solly's is still popular... maybe even more so now that they've had some recent press.I eat here once in a Blue Moon and have done so ever since I first started visiting and then living in MKE twenty-five years ago.  Solly's is the icon for restaurant Butter Burgers and they've got it down pat.  They also are experts at "stewed onions," a third choice for onions on your burger, instead of grilled or raw.  Other items here that are popular are, of course, the malts and the fries that are all consistently pretty good.   I really know of no other place that basically puts so much (honestly excellent tasting butter) on a burger.... so much so, that it pools on the plate right after they serve you; i.e., they are unique in that regard.  I know of no other burger joint that really does that.  And I have to honestly say that the hamburger they use is very good and obviously not your run-of-the-mill greasy spoon/McDonalds hamburger patty.For me, personally, Solly's is a place I go infrequently on purpose because when one eats a butter fried burger that has a table spoon of butter on top of the bun as well, my consumption of butter is absolutely equal to the total amount of butter I probably eat in two or three weeks.  Yes, we don't use a lot of butter anymore; none when we cook or eat bread.  At dinner time, if we eat some bread, we'll use olive oil, instead.... a much healthier alternative to artery clogging butter, but I digress!!!If you like burgers, you REALLY have to experience Solly's. I solidly endorse Solly's!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,11/10/2013,65,155,5,7,4>My coworker brought me here to educate on a fine Jewish deli, and, man, was I schooled.Get the matzo ball soup with noodle.  Do it.Get the corned beef.  Do it.Tip your waitress well because she's going to be on the ball and grandma-like attentive. Do it.Come back and repeat.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,11/9/2013,126,304,3,10,3>EE-Sane is my go-to for Thai food.  Elephant Cafe takes everything that I LOVE about EE-Sane (the amazing Thai food) and leaves all the things I do not like about it  (slow sometimes rude service & dingy decore) at the door.  The decore was warm and welcoming on this crappy rainy day.  The food was so comforting.....some Tom Kah soup just warms up the soul.  I tried the Curry Fried Rice lunch special that comes with a cup of soup- a real steal for about $8!  Highly recommend this place for quality Thai food.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,11/8/2013,185,276,11,10,12>Dranks.  Drunks.  Drinks.Is this the best tour to learn about the brewing process?  NO.Is this the best tour to socialize with friends and get schwasted?  YES.Open bar for 1.5 hours, a pint glass, a high alcohol beer token, and a local bar token for later for only $10?  DEAL.Bring your touristy friends.  Bring your stuck up coworkers.  Bring that lady you've always wanted to hit on.  It's a friendly atmosphere, and everyone is into the whole situation.  If you want to talk about brewing, the tenders and the tour guides actually work there and will talk to you about it, but most people are there to get rowdy.Alvin (and maybe the chipmunks) would be happy here: HULA HOOPS up in dis business.All in all, there are much worse ways to drop $10 with your friends.  It's low key, it's fun, it's wisco-tastic drinking at it's finest.  Get here.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,11/7/2013,19,53,,4,3>I just recently went here for the first time. I absolutely love the location. There is free 2 hour parking the back which is nice and convenient for those of us who hate feeding a meter. I was cordially greeted by the barista as I walked in. A very relaxed atmosphere also welcomed me in--a huge plus on a Monday. Since I hadn't been here before I decided to try their drip coffee. I was very pleased with the flavor as well at the price. Prices are similar to Starbucks and Alterra. The flavor of the coffee was its own which sets it apart from the other local & national coffee shops in Milwaukee.I was pleased to find that there is free wifi which I used quite heavily to get some much needed work done. I sat at the bar looking out to see Silver Spring and Sendiks across the street. I noticed that the bar chairs were a little dirty causing me to stick to the chair. How awkward for me right? :) Look forward to coming back here to dry some flavored beverages quite soon.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,11/6/2013,56,51,4,4,3>How can you not just LOVE the State Fair? So much people watching. So much corn. What's way awesome?-Beer. Beer everywhere (though on the slightly pricey side. They have you trapped!)-The products pavilion is equal parts hilarious and wonderful.-A slide that requires a burlap sack. You will itch.-I'm pretty sure this is the largest collective of cover bands in the northern hemisphere. -Cream Puffs. Now, I'm not crazy about cream puffs in general but everyone I know is bonkers for them.-Shapes. And by shapes I mean people. A goodly portion of them are shapes. -Fuzzy baby cows. I'll eat you some day but right now you are adorable.-The Zipper. -What's your favorite food? They have it battered and fried! -Meat.-Bathrooms that somehow don't get terrible.-More food.I love it there so much that my best pal calls me a fair slut. I am and I am proud to be a fair slut. Will whore for carnival rides!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,11/5/2013,36,247,,5,3>A very solid meal.  I rarely, and I mean rarely give pizza joints 5-stars.  But this one deserves it.1) Service was outstanding.  Friendly, but not over bearing.2) Food was spot-freaking-on.  Pizza had the right balance.  Garlic lovers was especially good.  As was the calamari app.3) Prices were reasonable.Don't take my word for it.  Go there yourself.  Especially if the wait for Pizza Man is 2 hours long on a Saturday night :)
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2014,10/31/2014,22,45,3,5,5>Best Chinese food in Milwaukee! I've been getting Chinese from East Garden for many, many years since I was a kid, almost always as take-out. (I may have possibly eaten here once or twice as dine-in, I can't honestly remember.) Thus, my review mainly speaks to the food and restaurant, itself, not necessarily customer service or atmosphere.Nonetheless, if you like Chinese-American food, go to East Garden! I've tried so many Chinese restaurants and more often than not, the food is pretty questionable. Gross meats, nasty sauces, unidentifiable ingredients, mentioned on Dirty Dining.. overall, unappetizing. This is NOT the case with East Garden. I really love(d) their beef kung pao, pork fried rice, beef and broccoli, beef with veggies (several dishes like this), crab rangoons, wonton soup, pork lo mein, just to name a few. I've recently strayed away from eating much meat, so I now order the veggie option for a lot of these dishes. However, when I did eat meat, I appreciated how legit, if you will, their meat was. The restaurant itself seems clean, relatively quiet, and I've always had friendly employees when calling my order in/picking it up.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2014,10/30/2014,117,150,6,5,7>I have pretty much only been here for the paninis (paninae?) which are so mouth-watering or tongue-titillating, whichever sounds less gross and awkward to you.There are over a dozen options to choose from, and they will cook that baby up for you.While you are getting your food cooked, feel free to wander the tiny aisles of pricey things. Yes, these items are generally more expensive, it's a boutique grocer, what would you expect? You'll find some fairly unique items though, and as others have said, a pretty bitchin' butcher counter. So come on, splurge a little! Buy local or die!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,10/29/2014,140,249,3,6,6>Great for brunch! The patio is awesome, but it is loud if a train goes past (I had no idea there were even tracks up there). They have specials on bloody marys ($7) which have amazing garnish, as well as other brunchy drinks like mimosas and screwdrivers.I had the corned beef hash with scrambled eggs. It was good... shredded corned beef and hash browns (rather than the American potato - potato chunks)... and a large portion. It also came with a side of fresh fruit. The breakfast burrito and breakfast sandwich both looked amazing and were both huge - they received rave reviews from members of my group.O'Lydia's is able to accommodate a large group, so don't hesitate to make reservations. Our table was fairly large (15 or so people) and I think our server did a decent job handling a bunch of rowdie cheerleaders!
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2014,10/28/2014,70,316,1,9,7>I was absolutely thrilled to discover Ray's last week when I had a night where I wanted a good meal and didn't want to put a lot of work into it. I was looking for some meat I could throw in a casserole dish in the oven and walk away from.It was too late to head to Bunzel's and another meat counter left me disappointed, so I pulled out my phone and some Yelping and Googling later found Ray's.Their meat counter/selection is huge. Just a true smorgasbord of options are available - I definitely paced in front of the case two or three times before settling on the the bacon wrapped pork I purchased. I added corn and potatoes and checked out at the register - then turned around and headed back for two bacon wrapped filets (at just $5.99 each!) to have for dinner on the grill a few nights later. It's definitely a butcher shop and not a grocery store - don't think you can one-stop shop here - they have some sides and the barest of veggies to help you put together a meal and the wine selection is pretty big, but this doesn't purport itself to be anything more than a place to procure meat. Both things I bought cooked up great - I feel like I found a new gateway to great dinners and I'm excited to go back and try more things.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,10/27/2014,50,106,3,7,5>Glorioso's lives up to their reputation as being one of the best in Milwaukee.  For me, It is turning into one of those place where you have to go if you ever move away from the area...like Portillo's in Chicago, In N Out in California, Pink's in LA, etc.They have everything that you would want in an Italian Market - meats, cheese, deli, freshly made sausages, desserts, gellato, craft beers, wine, bread, fresh fruit/veggies, and deli.I have only been going here for a week and have realized that I could eat here every day and trying something without getting sick of the place.  I recommend the Spicy Italian Sausage & Pepperoni Calzones, The Chicago Combo (Italian Sausage and Italian Beef, and the Italian Philly Beef for lunch.  Each for all under $7.00.  You also pick up chips and soda.  It will be the best $10.00 you spent for lunch.  I guarantee it!The service is top notch and gives that family atmosphere vibe...Just a tip, they don't have an endless supply of calzones and can run out at lunch.  So if you really want one for lunch, I'd go around 11:30 am.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,10/26/2014,19,109,3,5,4>First!Through the ages of 1 to 18, I had one barber, his name was Ron.  He first worked out of a salon in a strip mall, then he upgraded to his own Sports Barber shop.  All sorts of sports memorabilia and a stack of Playboys.  Classy guy running a classy barber shop.  Pure Italian and that was the type of haircut you receive.  Walk in and he just makes you look handsome. Fast forward 16 years.  Went through the military and it just did not matter how my hair was did.  All that mattered was that I passed hair cut inspections and set the standards.  Slap a Hot Pocket on your head and shave around it. Brutal.Moved to MKE and started looking for my barber.  Went to a guy on Farwell, went to a guy on Brady, went to another place on KK, which I thought was going to be my new barber shop, but I was brutalized too many times.  Started going to Groom, eh, had a few good cuts and things fell apart again.  Then, a friend introduced me to Nikki.  She is a cool babe that cuts hair extremely well.  Without her, I would not be as dashing and carefree as I am.  Thanks Nikki, I will be back.Illustria is in a cool spot in town.  Nice building and a bunch of hip broads that do great work.  Prices are comparable to Groom or Jose's but I can tell you that the quality is much better. I went from being a strictly barbershop fanboy to a girly salon.  Illustria is my dirty secret that I am sharing with the world of Yelp!
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,10/25/2014,23,49,3,5,3>Fabulous!! Mint chocolate chip in a sugar cone, can't go wrong. The man got dark chocolate, absolute deliciousness. Also tasted the graham cracker and brandy old fashioned, equally as good. Hard to have just one!
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,10/24/2014,43,106,,4,4>There's nothing better than the local expert at the neighborhood hardware store. I'm no Bob Vila however I feel like I am every time I leave this store as you can get a great little education and some friendly how-to advice no matter what your project.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,10/23/2014,31,49,6,6,8>A quick Yelp search brought this local dive bar up on my screen and half an hour later, I was sitting at this bar sipping on a glass of Spotted Cow. You can get an idea of this dive bar from the other reviews, but I want to stress that the bartender was polite, and engaging and made frequent checks on us to make sure we were well taken care of. But what made this bar worth the trip for me, was the bartender putting on Princess Bride! Yes, I spend my Saturday evening drinking beer and watching Princess Bride at this bar. And it was amazing!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2014,10/22/2014,27,104,,3,4>Great neighborhood. Am I biased because I live here, I suppose yes. Is it Trendy, of course. But it's also walkable, and I love that. It also has green space (Catalano park I'm looking at you), sunmerfest (rock on) and the hoan bridge. It's got bars I dig, both coffee (alterra) and beer (ale house). Art galaries like Oil. Places to eat like swig and water buffalo.  Places to paint (splash studio), remote work (Hudson) or indulge (red elephant). Still has character and charm. Just lots of condos....So lots to do in a neighborhood we call the ward. Ymmv
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,9/1/2014,85,73,4,9,8>I wish someone would have told me the tortas are HUGE!I went here for the first time and had the De Alambre torta.  Steak, bacon, pineapple, assorted peppers and cheese all stuffed inside a warm buttery roll make up this torta rica.  Or what felt like two full tortas.The tortas come with a cup of tortilla soup, which I really enjoyed but it could have used just a little more of a kick to it.Also, great horchata with some cinnamon sprinkled on top.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,8/31/2014,172,484,1,4,4>I got a haircut and a beard trim today, and I am now comfortable saying that I look awesome. I owe thanks for that to the mad cutting/trimming skills of Maria. She's great to talk to as she makes hair not as long and beards neater too. Yay Maria! Thank you.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,8/30/2014,44,153,1,5,5>I live 6 blocks away and get to smell the yumminess of coffee beans roasting in early mornings. Love it. Regularly buy pounds of coffee from here. The big downside is that the hours seem very limited.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,8/29/2014,58,222,1,5,6>Stopped in for a burger with the husband. Got the Pepe burger and really enjoyed it! Lots of things going on. Our server was very attentive and helpful when I asked questions about the menu. We'll be back for sure!
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,8/28/2014,25,63,1,4,4>Cranky Al's is perfect for this location in Tosa. Its relaxed informal space accommodates families well and the portion sizes of the pizza and entrees are perfect for sharing. The ingredients used are also good quality and contributes to a pie that is less greasy than your typical chain pizza place. The donuts are also a great complement to the pizza if you like the sweet salty savory combination. I really enjoyed my frosted cinnamon bun. As for the service, I didn't get to experience Cranky Al's crankiness on this visit, but instead, I encountered an overly accommodating and friendly host who visited our table a few times throughout our dinner (which lasted about 15 minutes). But since mostly everything is self service, I wouldn't arrive expecting to be waited on. Just go to the counter order your food, grab whatever utensils, and sit down.Remember that the parking is limited because it's on a busy section of North Ave.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,8/27/2014,35,299,4,9,6>This review is going to be short but it will tell you all you need to know.I went in and got 4 all beef hot dogs, and 4 brats.......and the hot dogs were some of the best hot dogs I've ever had.AND MY TOTAL WAS 2 DOLLARS AND 34 CENTS.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,8/26/2014,65,155,6,9,8>If I could eat out at only one place, this would be it. I left feeling so warm and full and happy. Like I got a big ramen hug.We were first greeted by the steamed pork buns. I could eat these little beauties all day, every day. I then cozied up a bowl of Tochi Ramen - pork based broth with Singapore noodles, pork belly, Welsh onion & spicy miso deviled egg. (Give me a plate of the deviled eggs, please) - and the hubs had the Bacon Apple & Goat Cheese Mazeman. Both bowls were completely different and utterly satisfying.I'll be back, Tochi. And my eyes are you, ya cute little steam buns.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2014,8/25/2014,266,264,,2,5>This place is cocktail central. Handcrafted, well thought out, often amazing beverages. And they have a pretty damn great beer selection strangely. But be prepared to wait awhile for a drink, because, see above, hand crafted. They put a great deal of effort and ingredients into their drinks. Patio that is rumored to be dog friendly, bit I have yet to bring my babies out. Heaters outside on the patio, lots of outdoor seating. Vegans beware, there are a lot of dead animals on the wall.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,8/24/2014,63,87,1,7,3>This is one of my favorite places in Milwaukee. Why? So glad you asked:First things first - the food. I love pastas and it's sometimes tough to find places that do this well without feeling overstuffed or the sauce being too rich. Portion sizes are spot on. We had the Gnudi, which was on the heavy side but good, and the Arancia which was perfect enough for me to not want to share. Appetizer - the baked goat cheese was delightful and had a sweet garnish atop. I am still wondering why it was served with pieces of bread and Keebler crackers though. It seemed out of place. All in all, I felt healthy walking out likely to all the fresh ingredients used throughout their dishes.Service great. Wait staff is willing to explain the dishes and help you along with their extensive wine menu. We ate at the bar and got to watch the chefs cook up the different pasta dishes. Looks like the secret to their perfect portion sizes is that they pre-bag the pasta. Atmosphere is pretty tight. Table are in close proximity but eating at the bar didn't prove to be much of an issue. I loved being able to watch the chefs on the other side of the bar.I appreciate how it's a first come first serve deal here. No messing with reservations and good old fashion wait list. During our visit, we walked in to find the place packed but only needed to wait 20 minutes before being seated. Fortunately it was a nice night so we walked around the block and saw a car accident (not so fortunate for those in the accident).
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,8/23/2014,69,61,1,7,3>I wasn't sure what to expect when I came here to have a couple of drinks with my friends. My experience turned out to be very pleasant and I am pleased with everything! The atmosphere was very lively, there was music, the lighting was just right, and the amount of space was cozy. I did go during a time that they were very busy so there was a long wait to be seated and then there was a wait to place our order. I ordered a Pomegranite Martini and the Almond Pomegranate Salad - Nar Salatasi and I requested to have chicken added. The salad was a pretty good size and it was filling. The martini was delicious! I am definitely going to come back to this restaurant to try some of their signature dishes.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,5/24/2014,162,248,4,12,9>Irish pub/neighborhood bar and restaurant on the border of Mequon and Cedarburg. It looked quaint and also busy each and everytime we have driven by in the last two years and  so we satisfied our curiosity by stopping in today, Saturday afternoon on 3/22/2014 at about 4:45 PM.We bellied up to the bar and felt right at home.  Bar was busy with neighborhood folks having a good time.  We really liked the large pane glass window behind the bar that let in a lot of natural light and makes the bar feel even cozier.  A sign above the bar read's, "There will be no working during drinking hours."  Yep, my kinda place.We heard that they had good food here, and when we asked the bartender, we found out that there was a Prime Rib special tonight.  We decided to eat there at that point and were glad we did.The Prime Rib was excellent, as was the (half) "Wedge Salad" with blue cheese and bacon bits that started the meal, the baked potato and the fresh string beans and carrots that it came with.  The Prime Rib dinner was only $20.95 and the (half) "Wedge salad was $5.95;" a very good value for the quality received from this meal.Bartender was very informative, friendly and accomodating.  (Sorry, didn't get her name).Our dinner server, Izzie, was extremely friendly, efficient, informative and made our meal that much more pleasurable.We'll definitely be back again.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2013,5/23/2014,91,365,3,8,6>When entering the Roman Candle for the first time, it appears that you go to the counter and order. Since the menu is several pages, I wanted to take some time looking it over. I was told by the friendly girl behind the counter, I could take a seat and a server would come take my order. She led me to a table and took my drink order. The server came shortly and was also very friendly. Aside from pizza, the RC has several appetizers, salads, and a few pasta dishes. I ordered the House salad while I was choosing my pizza. Fresh spring greens came loaded with blue cheese, bacon, and a creamy balsamic dressing on the side. It was fresh and delicious. The pizza choices are vast as they have about 6 different sauces and a long list of toppings. There was no pizza slice of the day, I assume because it is Sunday. They do have a featured pizza called the Roman Candle that comes with a spicy tomato sauce, sausage and banana peppers. I opted for the Veggie candle. This pizza also has a spicy sauce and banana peppers, plus artichokes. I liked this a lot! The spicy sauce has good heat and flavor. If you can't tolerate hot peppers, stick to the original sauce. My server dropped by numerous times to check on me, but was not overbearing. I think this will be another great addition to the growing Whitefish Bay dining options. They also have beer and wine, but I didn't pay attention to the selection today.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,5/22/2014,124,391,,7,5>I haven't been here in a long time and just visited for a special installation with my nieces and nephews, the Scoop on Poop. The parking structure is right next to the MPM yet it does run around $3 per hour and take your ticket with you as you have to pay at a pay station instead of the exit. Whether it is walking through the Streets of Old Milwaukee, seeing the Ethnic Village, or visiting the Rain Forest, there is always something awesome to do here. I love the variety of items for both adults and kids that really make it a great place to bring families. I have the Food and Froth festival marked on my calendar and can't wait to go to that.The MPM is a great feature in Milwaukee with the IMAX dome for amazing movies too. So much stuff to see and do.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,5/21/2014,17,145,1,8,5>I'd like to think of East Side Ovens first and foremost as an excellent bakery. It just happens to be an added bonus that they are vegan!I have tried many, many, oh so many of their products and I have seriously loved everything I've had. Don't believe me?-Banana Choc Chip Cupcake-Pumpkin Cake-Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Cookie-Brownie-Raspberry, blueberry, and banana muffins-Rhubarb Pie-Cherry Pie-Rhubarb, cherry, and apple dumplingLOVED IT ALL.Thankfully I have not eaten all of that in one sitting, but if I could I may just try.My faves? Dumplings and brownies. Both are top notch, out of this world, and had I not know they were vegan, they woulda fooled me!I wish they were open to the public for a longer period of time, but I am just as glad to go to my local outpost and pick up some product there.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,5/20/2014,61,275,13,20,12>This is the restaurant I've been looking for ever since moving to Milwaukee.  The butter alone makes me want to return tonight.  I know what you're thinking, "I'm from WI, I know butter. You buy 4 sticks for $4.09 at Sendik's and it is really good on toast."  People, you don't know butter until you've tasted the butter at Ardent.  I know there are other restaurants that fancy up their butter with orange zest and sugar and whatnot, but that's not what I'm talking about here.  This is just simple, pure butter that THE CHEF MAKES HIMSELF.  I like to picture him sitting in front of the TV churning butter while watching The Mindy Project, though I'm not sure that's accurate.  When I was growing up my mom served us Tang but always called it orange juice (it was orange after all).  Then I went to college and had freshly squeezed orange juice and my mind was blown.  That's what tasting the butter last night was like for me.  Who knew butter could be so good?I don't want to be the girl who wrote an entire review about butter, so I will say that everything else we had was also divine and we tried just about every thing on the menu.  And do yourself a favor, get both desserts.  I am so happy that Milwaukee finally has a place like Ardent.  Sanford quality food, but you won't feel out of place if you leave your pearls at home.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,5/19/2014,28,84,2,8,3>This is my personal favorite North Ave bar. Prices can be a little steep if they don't have any specials. The decor is interesting and pleasant. They have a big screen showing interesting offbeat movies. The place is quite clean, even the bathrooms on St. Patrick's Day weren't that bad. They have a nice patio area upstairs. The employees were very nice and the bar was well staffed.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,5/18/2014,50,106,2,6,5>My 3rd Fish Fry for Lent 2014 took me to Coach's Pub & Grill in Milwaukee.  It has a small private lot but plenty and available street parking on 13th street.  In the outside rear area they have 2 volleyball courts and a place that looks like it is for bags.When you enter the bar the main and only bar is right at the entrance.  Plenty of TVs to watch sports (perfect for March Madness) It looks like it seats about 20 around the bar and 4 and 4 more on 2 table tops of 2 along the side.  In the main dinning area, there were about maybe 8 tables that were 4 tops.  They also have a semi indoor heated deck area that had 7 tables - mostly 4 tops.The hostess station is to the right of the entrance and if we didn't go early (before 6 pm); we would probably have to wait about 15 to 20 minutes.  We waited about 5 and were seated in the heated deck area.  It was plenty warm they had the heat on...on to the fish.They had nice options for Fish Fry with reasonable prices - cod, tilapia, walleye, perch, blue gill, shrimp; sides: mashed potatoes (gravy optional), potato pancakes, regular fries, waffle fries, homemade chips, onion strings, onion rings; choice of soup: regular claim chowder or spicy cajun clam chowder or salad with your normal choices of dressing.  Dinners start at $9.95 for the cod dinner (extra piece is $1.25 each) to the Fisherman's Platter for $14.50.You also have the choice to have buckets...yes I said buckets of fish to go: 8, 12, and 16 pieces of cod from $16.95 to $24.95 with choice of potato and rye bread.My wife had the cod dinner with mashed potatoes and gravy and clam chowder.  I had the Fisherman's Platter (perch, blue gill, cod, & shrimp) with waffle fries and clam chowder.  The chowder was a nice consistency  packed with clams, potatoes, etc.  We were off to a good start.  The fish was probably the best we have had so far - even beating the catfish I had in Nashville.  The fish were lightly breaded so that you could enjoy the actual taste of each fish.  The blue gill maybe too fish for some.  The waffle fries were a nice touch but the mashed potatoes looked good too.Our waitress - Jess - was very attentive, friendly, and very customer service focused.  What I could tell the rest of the wait staff was the same.It is refreshing after the end of the work week to find good fish and good service.  I'll be back and not just on a Friday!
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,5/17/2014,38,18,3,10,6>Awesome experience! They didn't even laugh at me when I told them I knew nothing about coffee.  He then asked what kind of coffee I usually drank and my response "Tea".  To which he provided me with Rishi Teas Turmeric Lemon blend.   Now pastries I know.... They had BACON Cookies!!  I almost turned into Cookie Monster.  I also got a sausage roll that had stone ground mustard in it.  It was really good.  He said that the bake goods come from local purveyors that sell their coffee in return. It is good to see local business supporting one another.  It is on my way to work so I will be stopping by to get educated on coffee.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,5/16/2014,54,118,,9,5>It's not as touristy as others have led me to believe. It's super fun when you get in; I wish I had explored a bit more but it was crowded. The dancing was great, the whole crowd was friendly and we all befriended each other for the evening. Drinks were strong and not ridiculously priced. Seating can be a little tough on a weekend night, but we managed. I don't want to say more because you really should come.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,5/15/2014,108,98,2,8,3>The place: Dim, sort of romantic, except for the idea that someone across the table from you could order a 64 oz piece of meat. Decent service, overall a pleasant experience.The taste: Not for the faint of heart. The carpaccio appetizer was huge. It almost could have been enough for a meal for one. It was cut a little thicker, but on a crostini with the salty tapenade...I didn't really care. The caramelized Brussels sprouts were pretty succulent, especially when paired with a steak. The butternut squash ravioli was almost too sweet, but ultimately was creamy, tasty, and again, a sizeable portion. It was nice that for a $19 entrée, they were generous enough to give me 10 raviolis, instead of the more traditional 4. I ate them all. The banana cake was okay. I wanted it to be amazing, but it was a little too dense, with a really sticky frosting that seemed to be the result of a marriage between fondant and buttercream. We still took half of it home in a doggy bag, though.My face: They include an 18% tip, which was definitely deserved, but I almost missed it and tipped what would have been an exorbitant amount. The damage for 2, with a $25 off coupon from Restaurant.com ...~$100, with tip. All in a all, a lovely evening.....until we had to run to the Riverside for a show, but that was mostly our fault.Enjoy!
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2011,6/29/2011,65,128,2,3,3>I don't get to Brady Street often.  But I finally got to try this place out.  The Chicago Dog was perfect.  Just how I like it.  All of the fixin's are out behind the counter glass and they all looked fresh.  The fries were skinny, salty, and cooked perfectly.  The place is a bit small but when they serve food this tasty you won't mind sitting elbow to elbow with your fellow dogg-lover.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2011,6/28/2011,7,95,2,5,2>Ahh, more good food and drinks in the third ward.I stopped in today and had a beer and a burger.  Even before walking in or looking at the door, I had a feeling this place was in the trocadero/cafe hollander group and I was right.  If you know and like the restaurants in this group, you'll like this place.As previously stated, the decor and ambiance is very similar to the cafe hollander restaurants.  The food and beer selection is also extremely similar.  There are a few things which set this pace apart, however.  The main thing is that there is seating outside on the sidewalk as well as on the roof.  Next, there is a bar which I feel is more intimate and has some awesome TVs for sports watching.The burger I had was awesome.  It was perfectly cooked with a nice meaty flavor, the cheese was great, and I didn't ruin it by putting anything else on it.  The one gripe I have is that the frites weren't as good as at the other restaurants.  Mine weren't hot, and just didn't seem as fresh.One of the burgers had a duck fat fried egg on it.  Put those frites in the duck fat!  It doesn't take a genius!Third ward has learned a lesson, less heath food stores and more gastropubs.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,6/27/2011,22,29,2,4,2>I have been working with Sue for my wedding and let me start by saying that she is fabulous.  She knows her flowers, is creative and very willing to offer an opinion (particularly when it differs from mine).  I can't wait to see how everything turns out, but after looking through her portfolio and speaking with other brides who have used Fresh Design, I have absolutely NO concerns.Sue's philosophy on the budget is simple - give her your number and she'll give you everything you want within that budget.  She believes in giving you a quote that would be, by far, the most expensive things could get for your wedding and then consistently comes in under budget.I sat down with Sue at her studio and we went through a pretty detailed planning session - many, many examples of her work surround you and she has tons of pictures/albums.  After the session, she sent me a detailed quote about 1-2 weeks later.  About 3 months later, I completely changed the color scheme for my wedding.  I gave Sue a call to let her know that everything was upside down (and happily so)... she had me come back in and we spent another 2 hours working through all the details of the new color scheme for the flowers.  Great prompt turnaround with a new quote and I am absolutely excited to see my wedding flowers!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2011,6/26/2011,16,121,4,7,7>I love my casinos, have been to Vegas and AC. I might actually have a problem...Anyway, it's the only casino in the Milwaukee area, the next closest being Ho-Chuck two and a half hours away; I prefer this one.-HUGE place, just look at it as you drive up and/or walk to the door.-The signs inside directing to the restaurants and such could be better but most casinos suck at this, so it's to be expected.-The 360 bar in the middle is chic and a good meeting place.-Drink specials every month that are advertised very well.-The table minimums can be lower in my opinion but there's no arguing that. On weekends, do not expect $5. It. will. not. happen.-Parking is in a garage, which is fairly easy to figure out.-Normal casino patrons, from sketchy to fancy. (If you've never been to a casino before, this is the norm so don't get freaked out.)** UPDATE-12/4/11:Now employed here (I said I might have a problem, remember?), let me clarify one thing, add two heads-up, and give a link to the casino's layout:-Bar 360 is on the Dreamcatcher side of the casino, the other side being the Four Seasons with the Fire Pit, which isn't central in this area like Bar 360 is but it will still make a good meeting place.1. The "old side" is the Four Seasons, the "new side" is the Dreamcatcher.2. The escalators and (south) entrance from the parking structure act as a divider between the two sides. Coming off the escalator, keep walking straight to get to the grand lobby. The map below shows it best.Map: paysbig.com/gambling/slo(the white walkways are where the table games are set up)
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2011,6/25/2011,280,856,6,3,4>ORDERED: Fat Vegan - $6.95 (French bread with peppered Tofurkey, spinach, tomato, onion, sliced cucumbers, sprouts, Veganaisse, Dijon, salt & pepper) with spicy El Rey Chips TASTED: This is a sandwich I'd make when trying to clear the fridge before going to grocery store again. It would take eating sixty of these sandwiches a day to make anyone fat. The "spicy" El Rey chips aren't very spicy so order them instead of the plain flavor. I'll choose something with more substance on my next visit. VIBE: This is the exact restaurant I'd open in my dreams. The art and DIY decor makes for a cool space. The Asian painting on the East wall is awesome! CANDY CIGARETTES: You can purchase retro candy smokes at Fuel. I didn't even know they still made candy cigarettes for obvious political connectedness reasons. DID YOU KNOW?: I've ridden a motorcycle at 100 mph. I had a 600cc Ninja in my twenties.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,6/24/2011,42,146,3,2,2>Poutine.  That is all you need to know, go order this canadian delicacy shown to me by a friend.  OH MY GOODNESS.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2011,6/23/2011,59,27,,5,3>Got a Craving for a Friday fish fry on a Saturday?  Go to Jumbos, they offer a fish fry every day.  The 15 piece bucket is 23.99 comes with rye bread, lots of fry, coleslaw, lemon, and fish of course.  Jumbo's custard is some of the best in West Bend very comparable to the custard served by Kopp's.  The staff is extremely friendly and personable.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,6/22/2011,693,706,4,6,6>Came in on Sunday for Lunch and a beer. We had the Angus burger and fries and Chicken sandwich. The staff was pleasant and food was delicious, fries crisp and hot.  Glad to see that they took special attention to check the chicken before serving.  Thanks Mark better safe than sick.  This place is well known for the Wings on Thursday. Taco Monday we will have to make a meeting. I think that they classified this place as a dive bar? You be the judge I think they had too many improvements to qualify this place as a dive. 5-6 Flat screens Clean windows, newish tables and chairs. Remember two hour parking in the area unless you are walking on in from nearby.  The city does checks and tickets.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,6/21/2011,8,20,,3,2>Amazing! Went here for my Dad's 60th birthday and we were all in shock and food coma's by the end of the night. We were there for dinner and were charged $32.50 each, not sure if prices have changed or if we got lucky. But, the salad bar is very impressive and immediate gratification if you are hungry. But beware! As soon as you're done with your salad you are a target to having meat in your face until you run out of tokens. It was almost a smidge overwhelming at first and I wish there was a polite way to say, "give me 5 minutes to start eating some of this". But it was exciting and we had a great bottle of wine to go with it. This place is great for any special occasion or deciding to create an occasion with one or many people.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2011,6/20/2011,23,50,3,2,2>I absolutely hate hamburgers. Loathe, even. Untill I had their cool ranch burger.This might be a little out there, but on an episode of HIMYM, Marshall descirbes in detail what the best burger tastes like:"Just a Burger? Just a burger. Robin, it's so much more than "just a burger". I mean...that first bite--oh what heaven that first bite is! The bun like a sesame freckled breast of an angel resting gently on the ketchup and mustard below--flavors mingling in a seductive pas-de-deux And then...a pickle...the most playful little pickle! Then a slice of tomato, a leaf of lettuce and a...a patty of ground beef so exquisite; swirling in your mouth breaking apart and combining again in a fugue of sweets and savor so delightful. This is no mere sandwich of grilled meat and toasted bread, Robin: this is God...speaking to us in food."That is how I felt when I ate The Cool Ranch Burger.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,3/15/2014,85,73,3,11,6>I want to just say "bacon jam is all you need to know", and it probably is.  But for those of you who can't take my word for it, here you go...This place has an open, modern feel to it with a long main bar and a couple of areas for tables.  I can see it being full on weekends once word gets out.The menu is full of lots of great options!  Small plates, sandwiches, fish, ribs, chicken and an interesting veggie entree.  They also have 5-6 types of tacos, but no one from our group ordered any so I can't comment on those.  I joined in with a group of regular Yelpers who passed around several of the small plates including the smears, chicken wings and fries.After looking at the menu and changing my mind several times, I decided it was a burger kinda night and ordered the Wayward Burger.  It was a good choice!  This is where you have the Bacon Jam.  It also comes with arugula and cheese, but really the bacon jam is what makes the burger.  And how could it not?I had started out with a Rhubarb Sonya cocktail which had vodka, rhubarb bitters and cucumber.  Very light and refreshing.I tried the chocolate gingerbread cake for dessert.  Good flavors, but not really my cup of tea.  I'd probably try the arancini or red velvet ice cream/blondie dessert next time instead.Overall, great experience here!  I'm excited to get back and try some of the other options as well.  Lunch, anyone?
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,3/14/2014,66,54,,13,4>First off lets explain one thing, this isnt a fancy restaurant. This isnt Mo's or Eddie Martinis or 5 oclock club. This isnt a 50 dollar steak or a have to dress to impress place. This is your local spot, that does everything right and makes everything fresh. The meat is great from RIBS to steaks, to BBQ chicken. Dont miss the best thing on the menu, personally the Greek chicken kills it. For the price and value, its a no brainer. Make sure someone at the table orders it and try to get a bite if they will share. Its juicy and made perfect. Salads from 5-8 bucks, and this is not fancy small salad, this is a cheesecake size, share for two type of item.. and for that price, its crazy. The thing this place does right, is its attention to the food. The salad dressing are all homemade and comes with extra dressing for people like me, who hate when there is not enough. Food: 5 Service: 5I couldnt be happier to hear that carsons was coming to milwaukee. With locations in chicago, its not to see them appreciate the Milwaukee food scene enough to join, and open up in an up and coming around downtown by the Bradley center. Summary: Dinner for 2, drinks app and leaving full, under 60 bucks... ***** (5 stars)
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,3/13/2014,83,182,4,5,4>I had pizza for breakfast. Because when you come across a Pizzeria Piccola that's open at 7am at the airport and you're about to leave for a week of vacation - that's what you do.It's just as good as the Pizzeria Piccola in Tosa. Just do it.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,3/12/2014,83,79,,5,3>My favorite of the HPB locations, they have a spacious store which is brightly lit and well-organized. They also seem to have a good stock of strategy board games come through this store. However, they sometimes overprice the games...EX: Big box MB Gamemaster games for $100, when they have been reprinted and can be found for under $20.BUT, and it's a huge BUT, that's the only thing I can fault them for. This is a great store, with nice staff, and a nifty four-sided fireplace around which one can sit in comfy leather chairs and sip free coffee while pre-reading selections from their racks.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,3/11/2014,24,131,,10,5>Short of actually being in India, one cannot get a better or wider variety of spices and Indian food/cuisine than what they offer here. I especially love their new location! Their previous, which is right across the street, was so cramped it actually felt more like India, there was so much of everything everywhere I never knew where to look!This feels more like an actual grocery store, and they have room to grow. They have the best garlic naan, I know it's just like bread but dang it is so good I always eat 2-4 pieces! So check it out if you're needing a little spice in your life. :)
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,3/10/2014,36,247,,7,5>After a great experience here at a Yelp event, my wife and I decided to come here for a dinner celebrating my new job.  The meal was flawless, top to bottom.My wife had a beer, I opted for the H20.  We had calamari for the app.  Solid.  Perfectly fried, with some mint on top.For entrees, my wife had duck ragu, I had fillet.  Why would I order a fillet at an Italian joint?  Because I knew they would knock it out of the park.  And they did.  Perfect sear, with it still medium on the inside.  Great potatoes and veggies.  The duck ragu was top notch, as I knew it would be.We decided on some tiramisu for dessert.  It was very flavorful, with a nice, light texture.  And I don't really like coffee flavored anything.  The service was great as well.  A great place to come for a special occasion.  Unless your wallet can handle this place on a more regular basis!
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2013,3/9/2014,129,308,,9,6>I loved Pizza Man! I unfortunately never made it into the old location before some asshole burned it down...so I am writing as a n00b! The location is prime, and the decor is AWESOME. Tons of character in the exposed brick and wine bottle decorations. The patio is great and has heaters so that even on chilly fall nights it's the place to be. The wine list is very extensive, as is the bottled beer list. We started with the fried eggplant and the garlic bread. The garlic bread was....seriously...wow my mouth is watering. It was dripping butter and grease. It was garlicky perfection. The eggplant was cut into strips which was a different preparation for me to get used to, but I liked it a lot. The marinara was clearly homemade as there were large chunks of tomatoes and onions. We got the Artichoke A La Mode, The Pizza Man Special and a pepperoni pizza - all larges. This amount of food was absolutely perfect for eight people. The artichoke was very good, but very rich. There were globs of cream cheese on the top, which I would have preferred had been spread on the dough as I was picturing - but at least the globs were easy to pick off. The Special was delicious, seemed like the veggies were very fresh. The pepperoni was cooked just how I like it - crispy!!!The best part is the crust - thin without being floppy. I can't wait to come back!
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,3/8/2014,92,265,,13,6>The Winter Farmers Market move this season from the fairgrounds to the Mitchell Park Domes is turning out to be one of the wisest decisions of late 2013.1. It seems as though there is much more space for the vendors this year. This is huge, because the space at the Thompson center (fairgrounds) could be quite limiting.2. You can usually get into one of the domes (whichever is not closed for maintenance) -- for FREE! Stroll around and observe while drinking some fine coffee or noshing on Blue's Egg.3. Great selection of fresh produce and other items so far -- potatoes, apples, squash, onions, etc. Some of the usual suspects (Lakeview Buffalo Farm, Aleka's Kitchen, Mia Famiglia, etc) and some new faces (Rushing Waters Fisheries, Savory Accents) -- to me, at least.In nicer weather, I would probably opt to ride my bike to this event. It has been quite crowded the last two Saturdays, and the snow/ice has not helped the parking situation. If you must drive, might I recommend street parking on Pierce (just south of the Domes) and walking in?Definitely a must-visit, especially if you went to the old location in the past and were disappointed with either size or selection of items.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,3/7/2014,115,264,8,6,9>A dark night in Bay View, the streets full of miniature ghosts and ghouls. Their plain clothed guardians using language typically heard from the sailors of the Barbary Coast. Making my way through the throng of candy seeking miscreants, I find myself at a crossroads. A crossroads known as "Smith and Howell". The faint glow of neon beckoned me forth. What fresh hell is this? A Public House I have not yet discovered in my travels?  Venturing into the unknown, steeled by the prospect of football and peanuts, I inspected the carvings on the wall. Adult beverages, all of them unknown to this traveller. With a cry that would rival that of Mephistopheles I exclaimed "BRING FORTH THE ZOMBIE MONKEY!" I dranketh from the chalice, and it was good.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,3/6/2014,21,177,,9,8>We arrived for lunch on the first day of business.  Given all of the craziness of the first day, it was excellent.   The pork belly steam rolls are fantastic.  There is just a slight hint of curry in the slaw, which was perfect.  The ramen noodles are cooked perfectly.  I had the completely nontraditional WI bowl, which contains an entire brat, kraut, onions, and a mustard broth.  Unique and yummy.  My wife had the Tochi ramen, which is much more traditional.  Again, very tasty, but she would have liked more veggies in the bowl.In the end, this is between a 4 and 5 star.  But given the lack of places like this on the North Shore (although Shorewood is doing its best to correct that!), I give it a 5.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,4/24/2014,141,343,4,8,7>The food here was really stellar.  I had some sort of stuffed hash brown concoction w/cheese, arugula, rabbit loin (which I was reassured was sourced from a farm that treated animals humanely) and some other ingredient that alludes me.  Really delicious. People always ooh and ah about the stuffed browns here.  Its all worth the gushing.  Whats good about them is difficult to convey, but they are delicious. I had a side of scrambled eggs which were possibly the most perfectly cooked eggs I've ever had. Our service was friendly and well timed. Why am I deducting a star? It was a weekday so I thought "this is my only chance...the only day when we can go to blues and not have to wait!"  Well, the wait was STILL over 1/2 an hour. There are (clearly) people who don't mind waiting to eat somewhere thats really good.  I am just not. I hate waiting and then I always feel sort of tense eating when I know there's people waiting for my seat. Not my shtick-- I'll settle for something not as good if I can have a more leisurely meal.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,4/23/2014,146,306,9,13,11>Release your inner Rambo!Let me start by saying that I'm a lover, not a fighter. I don't believe that guns are a suitable replacement for diplomacy, and no one can convince me that assault rifles are necessary for deer hunting. Having said that, CMP allows you to live in a fantasy world. There are no bullets, no blood; just lots of sweat and tears and plenty of sore muscles the next day! I recently had the opportunity to partake in full out combat with 20 of my fellow Yelpers. We had a BLAST!!! What a great group activity! Not a single one of us had ever been here before so we got the "long version" of the rules and game instructions. I will say that the objectives can get quite complex, so pay attention! I also knew this could get quite physical, but I had no idea how much of a work out it would be.Hats off to the refs. They did a great job keeping our group in check. Don't think for a minute you will get away with any shenanigans. There always seemed to be a ref reminding me to slow down. I guess I was getting a little too "into it". Our hour and a half sessions consisting of six "missions" flew by, and I guarantee yours will too. Be prepared to work up a good sweat and one hell of a thirst!Now I have to go and shop for assault rifles.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,4/22/2014,190,322,3,16,11>Visited for lunch yesterday with a friend. We both had the lunch buffet ($7.95) which is served 7 days a wek from 11:00AM-3:00PM.On our visit, the buffet included items like butter chicken, curry mutton, curry chicken, veggie pakora, white basmati rice and a couple of other veggie dishes with potatoes and lentils. Everything was delicious. They brought out fresh naan which had a crisp and chewy texture that I thought was one of the best naan I've had in town. I also ordered the beef samosas that I split with my friend. An order of two large samosas is $3.50 and worth every penny. We were the only diners, maybe because it was Monday or maybe because of the first snowfall. This place might be a hidden gem, sharing a parking lot with a gas station on 6th & Becher, but it should be getting more business.The food is great, the prices are great, and the owners are very friendly and accommodating. I will gladly go back to this restaurant and I highly recommend that you pay them a visit to. I paid cash, but I assume they take cards. There is also an ATM machine inside for your convenience.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,4/21/2014,63,87,2,6,4>I'm a young and active dude and I didn't think the day would come so early where I would need to have a doctor look at my hip.I was training for a marathon in September and was suddenly injured. After going to physical therapy for 3 months, I decided it would be best to have a pro check me out. Dr. Heinrich was recommended to me and after my first experience I was sold. He's extremely personable and cares about getting you back in to performing your sport. Dr. Heinrich is fast too. He moved quick through my exam, but was extremely thorough in explaining my injury and the timeline of my recovery. Milwaukee Orthopedics works with a lot pro athletes in the area and I could tell that Dr. Heinrich is well versed in his field. He's been doing it for a while, so he'll give you the real deal.My X-ray tech and I shared a few good laughs. Extremely friendly desk receptionists. I'm glad I went here for treatment.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,4/20/2014,94,294,,8,5>I have filled a couple prescriptions here over the last year. This pharmacy is so awesome. They don't publicly shame me for being uninsured (yes, I work FT). Their prices for prescriptions are cheaper than anywhere else. I called around to check out pricing for a month supply and Walgreens was $385, CVS was $365, Sams Club (w a special discount through my business membership) was $100. Hayat was only $84. I just filled a script there this morning. I called first and spoke with the pharmacist to see if they had what I needed. They did. I walked into the store and was greeted by the manager. My prescription was filled within minutes, but he could not get the receipt to scan so I could use my flex spending card. He didn't get mad or frustrated, he worked for 15 minutes straight to fix the problem.  There was an issue with the total amount. It was overcharging me $7. I told him not to worry about it. he actually gave me this expensive dry hand cream and a pill minder to offset the $7. That was very nice. No hassle with checking with a manager, very simple. I forgot to mention, they deliver for free. I highly recommend this pharmacy to anyone, especially those that have to pay cash for prescriptions. They honestly have the best prices on meds compared to any other local pharmacy.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,4/19/2014,49,307,3,5,7>I love hot dogs but one barrier to enjoying them is my dislike of beef. For this reason I zoomed past Dr Dawg for many, many months, fearing that the Doc could not treat a non-beef eating freak like myself. One crazy day I decided to get a to go menu, just to see if they had any non-beef options. I literally shouted, oh yeah, like the Kool Aid guy when I saw the awesome, diverse menu options. There was a chicken sausage, veggie sausage, and chicken tamales! I also drooled all over a family of four enjoying a pile of hand cut garlic and rosemary fries. I decided that I was in! The ordering process was a little clunky and took quite a while, but then I'm sure that I was ordering all of the non-standard items on the menu and that could have contributed. In addition, one of my items was missed and I had to go back through the line later. The chicken sausage with caramelized onions was slightly overcooked but was still really good. The veggie dog was cooked just right but I would only recommend that for patrons who won't eat meat, because the taste was that of a veggie dog, which is quite different from a hot dog. I snuck a bite of my son's pup, which was the all beef dog, and I have to say, I might convert to beef, because the real hot dogs were simply, to die for! There are very few places that still have hand cut fries, but I admire a place that puts so much love into an otherwise, forgotten side. All in all, this place is officially on my regular rotation of, "I don't feel like cooking" nights (in my whiny Fran Drescher voice).
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,4/18/2014,76,370,7,6,8>B rewcity Bruisers calls U.S. Cellular Arena their home.R aucous fans have the option of sitting on the floor (cheek seats), but must be 18.E veryone that I saw was having a great time cheering and whooping and hollering.W hat's to eat?  Nachos, popcorn, hot dogs, brats, burgers, and of course, beer.C hecking out the rules of the game before you go will help a little bit.I found that the emcee's were helpful in explaining general rules and concepts.The gals that play have diverse backgrounds; former "jocks" tend to be jammers.Y ou'll likely find yourself cheering for an "anti-hero" at some point during the bouts.B ust'em Up!  Break through that Defense, Scooter/Skittle/Kapow (the only ones I remember, sorry)R ollerskates + athleticism + potential for maiming = total blast and a decent valueU nexpectedly, event venue staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful.I ntelligence and strategy play a huge role for the lead jammer, S ince they can collect points off of opponents sitting in the penalty box.E scape the cold of winter with some smashing good fun.R est assured, medical staff are on site in case injuries happen to the skaters.S top procrastinating, and go get yourself some tickets already!Location: 4 out of 5U.S. Cellular is located in the sporty/trendy part of town.  If you know where to look for it, free parking exists all around within a short 3 - 4 minute walk, and there are plenty of public transportation options as well.  Restaurants and bars abound as well for those seeking food/drink before and/or after the bouts."Fun" Factor: 5 out of 5This sh!t is hilariously entertaining.  After you sort of figure out how the scoring works, you either find yourself cheering for the jammer(s), or depending on the personality that they give off, you find yourself cheering for the defense.  You can just TELL that some of these girls used to play sports in either high school or college (a quick check on the website confirmed my suspicions), and they give off that ultra competitive and almost antagonistic/sore winner vibe.  At which time - you start cheering for the "defensive line" (colloquially...I realize there's a technical term for it) to well, maybe/kinda/sorta put a nice hit on the young whippersnapper.  To be clear, it's not like they can just throw an elbow or chop block from behind, but at least with their bodies and with their teammates' help/positioning, they can prevent the jammer from going through.  All in good competitive fun, of course - and there IS a physician on standby with an ambulance waiting just in case.Value: 4.5 out of 5Skip the ticketmaster fees and go to the box office either in advance or when doors open.  It's basically 20 bucks GA seating.  Get there early enough with a blanket and you can sit on the floor maybe 15 feet away from the action.  If you prefer traditionally seating, there's really not a bad seat in the house as it's not like they're "Celling" out of all the seats (see what I did there?).  Bouts consist of two 30-minute halves, so you get a total of 2 hours of action for 20 bucks.  I mean, not quite as cheap as sitting in the cheap seats of a Bucks game for 7.50, but for the experience and fun factor - pretty much worth every penny.Overall: 5 out of 5I'm generally reluctant to give 5 star reviews as I think they're overused, but even objectively - this was a pretty awesome time.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,4/17/2014,190,251,,7,6>A friend and I rushed here after work on a Thursday. The wait was not too bad around 5:20 pm. I enjoyed the carne asada tacos. The vegetarian tamale was ok. Good chips and salsa, especially the salsa verde. The beer selection was excellent. And $2 craft beer? Yes, please!
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,4/16/2014,46,82,3,7,4>Man, this place makes me so nervous ... that I'm going to become a wino even faster than originally thought!I love Ruby Tap. It's casual atmosphere and friendly staff makes it a perfect place to go at any time. Whether you're getting some drinks before a fancy dinner, or meeting friends out for a little board game (yeah, they have board games available) it's absolutely perfect. What I love about Ruby Tap is that I get exposed to so many different kinds of wine. I can just do a teeny taste to see if that wine is up my alley ... and then the next round I can do a hearty pour. It's fabulous and ALWAYS packed.They do offer a limited assortment of cheeses and snacks, but I'd consider these as more of a "pairing" than a meal. So come with a full tummy so you can indulge.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,4/15/2014,85,126,,7,5>Okay, after taking my parents to WP for their anniversary, I am ready to once again give it a five-star rating.The food was P E R F E C T. Gorgeous on the platters, delicious going down. Our server was fantastic, attentive, classy. The drinks were spot-on.I cannot wait to go back!
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,1/3/2014,63,87,3,7,4>I recently wrote a review for a Chicagoland liquor store in which I was blown away. One week later, I stumbled (not in the inebriated way) upon Discount Liquor. Though somewhat crammed into a small space, this place is packed with variety. Wine, whiskey, vodka... I could name them all but that would take up the entire review. Beer selection is stellar. Tons of single bottles to try if you can't commit to a 6 pack. I went in looking for beer, but came across a bottle of the new Great Lakes Distillery Pumpkin seasonal release which I picked up immediately. I was definitely excited to see this gem outside of the distillery. I also came across some Aberlour whiskey, which I can't seem to find anywhere but here. Chances are if you're looking for something specific, you'll find it at this store.The parking lot is a little tricky. People are always coming and going which can sometimes cause confusion. Street parking is also available.This place is most definitely worth the trip if you're willing to drive an extra few minutes.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,1/2/2014,40,82,3,5,7>Just happened to be passing and stopped in. It was like walking into my grandparents house when I was a little kid.   So many things they or we used to have.  They had a hanging print that read "Your grandparents used it, your parents tossed it, you bought it".  Sums it up exactly.  It was a nice little trip down memory lane and will stop in again I'm sure.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,1/1/2014,228,281,3,5,5>A long overdue update that should have happened at least two visits ago... Why can't more people get the Bloody Mary correct? It's about what's in the glass, not the pile of crap you put on top. Blue's is simple. It's a tasty drink with a small skewer of meat and cheese, and a happy chaser on the side.  It really isn't hard to make, but, jeez, do people just load so much on top of the thing.  Anyway, I really like them here, where spicy is still tasty, and I taste more than just tomato juice.Most recent breakfast stop was a Niman Ranch Prime Steak Burger...with cheese and fried egg, and fries.  Jeebus.  It was incredibly well made, full of flavor, and too big to eat with any sort of grace.  I refuse to deconstruct or cut my burgers, so I managed to destroy a napkin or two in the process of not leaving anything behind on the plate.  This is why we wash our hands after we eat.The gents behind the bar were great.  A little busy, a little chatty with the guests, and still on top of their work.  I think they did a phenomenal job with the random conversations and questions while still selling the food and service.  For whoever (I've already forgotten who it was in another review) said this is just a basic toss-away breakfast space...no, they do it much better here.  I'd put the service on par with a "legit" restaurant and the pricing is easily on the lower end of the spectrum when compared to those restaurants.  I can compare the burger and bloody I got here for the same price as a Belgian-themed caricature downtown and say that the service and food consistency in my last few visits have made it worth the drive west.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,12/31/2013,79,138,2,8,4>I had a momentary depression when Off the Clock closed, but am happy to say that everything I loved about the OTC is at the new OnTC, with more focus and improvements. The mac-n-cheese is still one of my favorites in the city. I'm a fan of sweet and spicy things, so the sriracha honey wings are perfect for me & provide the balance I'm looking for. I know other people have been raving about the truffle cream that comes with the fries, but I stick to the sriracha mayo. (I might have a sriracha addiction).Since I don't eat beef, I appreciate that the burgers can be made with turkey burger or veggie burger, but for the sake of honesty I can't admit to having ordered either since I can't not order either wings or mac every time I'm there. If you're GF, they have great gluten free pizzas. Also, if you're into the Walking Dead, they show it on Sundays with awesome drink specials.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,12/30/2013,43,75,2,5,4>I admit that I may be overrating this place because I am a taco loving guy.   My wife thinks the place is just OK.I am a fan of $2 Tuesdays (Hey, I can get out of there for $10) and love the interior and patio setup of this new place.  On various visits, I've had their Guacamole (A-OK), a variety of meat tacos (I really like The Pope) and Veggie Tacos (I'm a fan of Roasted Veggie), as well as their Sopa Pollo (lots of chunks of chicken), and as I have said in past reviews, I only drink spendy margaritas and they have quite a nice selection of Tequila ( I do like The Kahuna)The problem is that the entire city (or is a village?) of Wauwatosa seems to hang out here and it can be really hard to find a seat!That whole 68th street and North Avenue area is really hoppin' with new places to eat!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,12/29/2013,30,246,6,7,6>It seems that whatever you are looking for, you can find it at The Tool Shed.  They have everything.  A Go Girl Female Urination Device?  Yep. Diva Cup?  Yes!  Female/internal condoms?  Check.  Bondage play items?  You betcha.  More variety of external/male condoms, lubes and adult toys than you can shake a stick at?  Of course.The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is upbeat and non-threatening and there's no pressure if you just want to walk in to check everything out.  You can handle the toys and look at them to your heart's content - no toys behind glass cases or sealed away in impenetrable packaging here.  And they've got all the batteries you might need.Also one of the few/only places to find same-sex-friendly greeting cards for special occasions.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,12/28/2013,137,194,6,7,4>Good golly Miss Molly - this pie is sporting lots O' grease. But that's OK, cause it's gooood pepperoni-y and sausage-y type grease.  For around $3.50 you get one honking huge slice of pie and a garlic knot.  The pie - that's smoking awesome eh - the knot?  Meh. But you know what, it's not called the Knot of NY.Nice selection of pizza on a Monday, I think maybe 6 or 7 pies?  Nice crispy crust, a good flavor sauce. Everything balanced out nicely. Good cheese, great meats.  The table provided pepper flakes, parm cheese (grated, again with the meh,) and Chalulah.  None of which was needed on my slice. Two (huge) slices, one bottle of H2o- we're out the door under ten bucks.BAM - that's an MKE deal.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,12/27/2013,69,124,15,5,6>FADE INSCENE I: George and Jerry move about the apartment discussing the day's events. The intercom bell rings. It's Elaine. Moments later she enters the room.JERRY: 'laney!ELAINE: Hi Jerry!GEORGE: Elaine.ELAINE: George.GEORGE: Gosh, I'm starving over here. Jerry, do you have any cheese? 'cause I could really go for a grilled cheese.JERRY: No. I meant to go shopping, but I had to wait for the cable guy. My cupboards are bare. I barely have a cup to spare.ELAINE: Hey! Did you guys here about that place downtown that is known for their great grilled cheese sandwiches? Upper 90. Apparently they use gouda. Gouda makes it gooda, I guess! *** laughs at own joke ***GEORGE: Yeah. Is it that place that Mike Collins is always talking about? Something about the Nueske's bacon making the sandwich so tasty.JERRY: Better than the coffee shop's grilled cheese? Huh. Shall we check it out after the movie?ELAINE: Okay. Mike also said that they've got $2 off Lakefront Brewing beers with a Yelp check in.*** A loud bang at the door. Kramer attempts to open a locked front door. Jerry opens the door. Kramer bursts in. ***KRAMER: Two dollars off Lakefront Brewery tappers?! Yeoow! Now you 're talking my language!JERRY: Yeah. We're headed there after the movie. You want to join us?KRAMER: Giddy up! I'm in, brother!JERRY: Just a second, I'll grab my coat.KRAMER: And I'll go get a cab. Traffic's horrible at t this time of day, I know a short-cut.*** Jerry looks at George and rolls his eyes. George hmphs. They walk out the door. ***FADE OUT
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,12/26/2013,50,106,1,5,8>We recently adopted our 2nd Saint Bernard from WHS.  My wife took care of the 1st Saint adoption we had 5 years ago so this was a new experience for me.The staff was very helpful and knowledgeable. We took 2 visits to our new son.  Gaby helped us the first time and you could tell that he loved working there and loved the animals.  He answered all our questions about the dog and gave us the heads up about an adoption event that was happening the next day.The next day, my wife and I worked with Lindsay.  Again she showed the same type of attitude and customer service that Gaby provided the day before.  Top notch!We couldn't be happier.  Thanks WHS!  Remember you don't rescue the dog, the dog rescues you!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,12/25/2013,44,153,,6,5>Originally, this empty property was set to be a place called "The 53rd Street Deli." I was interviewed and hired and the place quietly never grew over months and months.It never opened. Then one day a giant sign went up telling me that The Soup Market (known for its Bay View location on KK) was going to open. Not sure what went down, but I was still pumped.The place is extremely tiny. There are about 4 tiny tables with tiny chairs in a narrow space in front of their counter, which takes up a good 75% of the space. That is okay, I always get my soup to go. The soup is delicious and fairly priced for a quart. They have fresh bread they make daily that I can purchase for next to no money. It really helps for  a poor college student. I haven't tried their sandwiches yet. Service has been great and we were given a 10% neighborhood discount the last time we went.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2012,4/13/2012,53,78,2,5,2>It's been at least 2 years since I've eaten here, but I just realized I've never written a review for this place. I've eaten here 8-10 times in my life. Simply put, it's the place I judge ALL other steak houses in the country by. I've eaten at "the best" steak places in many cities large and small around the country. I've yet to meet one that tops this place. To be clear, I'm talking about what's on the plate. The atmosphere and neighborhood can possibly be a bit of a turn off for some people. For a few one star ratings I've seen here bashing the "too dark, too red" atmosphere, I'm guessing these are youngsters who just don't get it. You see, this is Wisconsin, and in Wisconsin we use to have these things called SUPPER CLUBS. There's still a few scattered around the state, but anyone under 40, probably doesn't have the faintest idea what I'm talking about. They were dark, with low ceilings, and red was often the splash of color against the dark wood paneling. There was a Lazy Susan with little pickles, and olives, and a bread basket filled with a variety of bread sticks and slices. The drink of choice would be a brandy old-fashioned (Sheboygan style) with olives. That's the Five O'Clock Steakhouse! It's a time machine to when bartenders wore vests and bow ties, and you could get a steak the size of a hubcap that could be cut with a butter knife. If you like beef in all shapes and forms, this is your Nirvana. The crowd ranges from lawyers in $2000 suites to people in cutoffs and t-shirts (in the summer). The neighborhood is a bit "dodgy", but don't worry, there's a secured parking lot adjacent to the building, and a guard is always on duty to make sure your car will still be there when you come out. If you live in Milwaukee and have never been, GO! If you're visiting from out of town, it's an experience you'll always remember.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2011,4/12/2012,5,11,,4,3>I love this place. I love the family. I love the food. Helen, the wife/owner, is hilarious and always so happy to talk to you. The kids that also help out with the restaurant are great as well. Also, the food is great. This is one of the places I go to often in Tosa. The jerk chicken pita is fabulous. I love how they put a ton of sauce in it. The hummus is good. The Greek fries are delicious. They serve it with feta and some lemon juice. I always order the fries.I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a decent meal while supporting a local business in the community.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2011,4/11/2012,21,177,,4,4>I love Hawaii and I was both excited and skeptical about what we would find here.  It is an interesting blend of Hawaii and Wisconsin and it works well.  The small lunch menu will give you a taste of the islands  Awesome huli huli chicken.  The coconut cake is light and delicious.  Browsing the store is a treat and we appreciated the selection of frozen items, including Portuguese sausage and lau lau.  And, of course, I have to mention that the owners could not be friendlier.  Great addition to the community.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2011,4/10/2012,38,83,,9,8>How can you not love this place? I don't know a single person in Milwaukee who has ever had a negative word against Great Lakes. Here are the reasons why you should love them too:1. Their spirits are truly amazing, delicious, memorable and oh so much more. They have something for everyone ranging from rum to absinthe to gin to pumpkin liquor (YUM!)2. They always have awesome parties! The release party for the Pumpkin Liquor was a ton of fun featuring pumpkin cocktails, a pumpkin pie contest and a really great group of Milwaukeeans with which to rub elbows.3. Great tours. If there was a sister tour to Lake Front, this would be it. The tour is both fun and highly informative. Plus, it's a great ice-breaker or fun event for out of town guests.4. They really make it a priority to get involved with the local hospitality community. I love going to events and seeing Great Lakes there, representing their amazing products. 5. Awesome people. Their staff is truly wonderful, all of them. I love getting to meet new Great Lakes folks and love seeing how passionate they are about what they do.For all of these reasons, you should definitely check out whats happening at their location in Walkers Point. You will not be disappointed in the slightest.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,4/9/2012,97,180,,7,6>Yay, I'm glad I finally checked out Polonez! I'm half Polish and have been to Poland, so I definitely appreciate some good Polish cooking. Polonez is just the place for that!This is a cute, simple restaurant that serves traditional Polish food. I ordered the stuffed cabbage rolls (golabki). The rolls were fabulous, but the sauce was a little sweet for my taste. The mashed potatoes were okay. Dinners also come with soup. I had the barley soup which I enjoyed. I also got to try some appetizers and some of my dining companions' foods. My tastes of the potato dumplings, deviled eggs, croquettes, and buttercream cake were all so good.  I had the Tyskie beer which went perfectly with the food. For a great Polish beer I would recommend Tyskie, Zywiec, or Okocim, all of which they serve here.Portions are big here and the food is definitely hearty. The staff was very friendly. This is a great place to visit if you're looking for some authentic, yummy Polish food.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,4/8/2012,51,224,3,5,3>Small, quaint litte place, twenty seats total including the bar, but very warm, welcoming, with a complete redo in the former "Abu's" space.  Check out the Christmas lights around the ductwork off the ceiling.  The  owner and chef, Aomjai "Pam", is very gracious and welcoming.The menu has seafood, meat and vegetarian sections.  I started with a Thai ginger soup, a coconut milk soup with vegetables, lemon grass, mushrooms, baby corn.  This soup was delicious, a nice prelude to the main course.  I had the house specialty Jow Nai hot and spicy curry pan, with tofu.  The curry was not overly spicy, the vegetables were green pepper and mushrooms, with basil.  It was also delicious, I ate way too much.  All of this tastes like it was made fresh.  Thai iced coffee was very good.  They also have ginger beer, something I have not seen very often in Milwaukee.The service was very good.  Pam was very friendly, talked to me and other customers at length.  Ask her the origin of the restaurant name, it has to do with her two year old son and Paris.  She also stated she will introduce more vegan entrees in the next two weeks.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,4/7/2012,100,354,4,5,3>Classy atmosphere (good date environment). Be sure to make a reservation. Went here for a lunch with coworkers. I consider Kil@wat pretty pricy ($3 ice tea? Seriously? It costs like .03 cents to make). I had a greens salad, $8. It was good, nice Dijon dressing. One thing I didn't love was that the homemade croutons were too big for the mouth and too hard to cut. The rosemary bread and sweetened butter are really delicious. There could be more vegetarian options on the menu. A coworker had the polenta cake and said it was very good.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2011,4/6/2012,35,52,2,3,3>Magner's on tap!  Curry chips!  Brown bread!  My honey and I went to Ireland a few years ago and we have missed it since our return state side.  This is a nice substitute until we return to the Emerald Isle.   The dining room is spacious with a full view of Astor.  We tried lots of food...Root Soup (very good, looking for a recipe now, still moaning in memory of the flavor), Brown Bread (thick and rich, a little dry...which I think is normal),  Curry Chips (yum, best curry I've had in a while), Seitan Reuben style (first time having Seitan and it was tasteful), and a burger.  Hubby wanted to have a burger, the other place we wanted to go we heard is busy during lunch on the weekdays.  It was the first burger he has had in Milwaukee and it was pretty good.  He wanted the Bunratty Burger however it wasn't on the menu.  Oh yeah, the mashed potatoes are awesome!The foam shamrock can go as that's not how they pour in Ireland.  Kitschy, faux Irish decor is a little off.  Irish pubs are either a grand display of woods or a hole in the wall.Service was great.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,4/5/2012,61,283,3,3,3>I love Summerfest!!  Sure its hot and crowded and smelly like drunk people... but I love it just the same.  It's awesome that there really is a stage for everyone.  At any given time of night you will find someone who is enjoyable for you.  The food is pretty decent too, unlike other festivals where everything is over fried and bland.  Summerfest offers some pretty solid options, gyros, gelato, smoothies, burritos, grilled corn, eggplant, Shepard's pie you name it.  I also think it's really cool that they have promotions to get in free and also sometimes give away lawn seats for the Marcus Amphitheater.  There are many ways to get to Summerfest including bus and bike (both motor and cycle- there is a special parking lot for both that is guarded until ten pm).  Finally my favorite thing about Summerfest is how easy it is to get info.  Not only is there a great website but they have an email address that I have used twice already and they returned my emails SO fast.  Pretty awesome.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,4/4/2012,21,100,,4,3>I really love this quaint little 50's style malt shop.  I have been here on many occasions for custard and enjoy it everytime, but actually went in for food the other day.  I was shocked at how good there wraps were and of course the healty amount of onion rings I got.  This is just one of those places in Milwaukee county that you need to try at some time.  Go, have a dish of custard and enjoy.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2012,11/3/2012,268,248,2,2,3>Finally a restaurant in Milwaukee that compliments my palate!I just moved to Milwaukee from California and have just been disappointed by the lack of decent tasting restaurants. But Swig gave me a little hope for this city.Came here for dinner and the decor and ambiance is dimly lit with nice wood walls. Could be a romantic or hipster feel. Depends on the people you go with I suppose.As for the food:Grilled Watermelon Salad: The honey basil dressing was just delicious. Not overly sweet and very fragrant. There were a little too much goat cheese for my liking...but great salad nonetheless.Wild Mushroom Risotto: The sauce and well as the mushrooms were not overly done and the sun dried tomatoes were a great addition to the entree.Out party had other plates that were not bad but I did not remember them. They have a decent wine list and cocktails as well.They had many choices to choose from on their menu and definitely will be back to try some more.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,11/2/2012,62,141,,5,4>Sake Tumi is the bomb diggity of sushi since Nanakusa closed. Mostly because their sushi is great compared to other places I've been and their happy hour is out of this world.  If you are looking for a deal, go here!The happy hour is 2-6pm M-F I believe and ALL DRINKS and SMALL PLATES (apps) are HALF OFF.  They really push the deal too (aka, they will ask you at 5:55pm if you want to order anything else since the happy hour is ending).
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,11/1/2012,36,140,,3,6>This is what Milwaukee is all about. Seriously. Fan. Freaking. Tastic. Gorgeous space and chock so full of history, you cannot help but appreciate all that the owners went through to preserve this absolutely unique part of our city's history. If you have not been -- Go! If you have been -- go again and love it all over.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,10/31/2012,90,490,5,3,3>There's a velvet Captain Kirk hanging on the wall downstairs.   "Sometimes the fluffy bunny of incredulity zooms around the bend so rapidly that the greyhound of language is left, agog, in the starting cage." David Mitchell
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,10/30/2012,20,84,2,5,4>I recommended Maxie's to a friend for his birthday dinner on Friday night, and was beyond excited when he invited my husband and I to tag along for dinner. It's been a while since we've been to Maxie's, but I'm glad to see nothing has changed. The cornbread with orange honey butter is an excellent way to start the meal; the happy hour with half-priced cocktails is insane (half priced mojitos and mint juleps? yes please!); and the food. Oh, the food. We had an order of fried green tomatoes to start with (also discounted due to happy hour), and they were perfectly crisp on the outside with a nice spicy remoulade sauce. For dinner I ordered the deluxe crabcake platter which was a great choice because it gave me a little bit of everything- two massive crabcakes, the blue cheese coleslaw (inventive and delicious), some sweet potato fries and red beans and rice. Everything was delicious. My husband ordered the ribs, which were saucy, and smoked to perfection. They literally fell right off the bone.Our server was attentive and very helpful- which was no small feat considering the restaurant was beyond crowded and busy. In addition, he offered the birthday boy free dessert- which was great.Speaking of dessert, I dream about the chocolate coconut banana cream pie. It's pretty much the greatest dessert I've ever had. If you can't get a table at Maxie's, get a slice of pie to go. It's that good.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,10/29/2012,51,224,3,3,2>Nice little (about 50 seats at tables, probably another dozen at the bar) neighborhood place, on a street corner in Bayview.  Really nice feel to it, very much a neighborhood feel, with clientele ranging from folks in camouflage shirts to hipsters.  The service is very efficient, warm, welcoming.We started with calamari which was fresh, cooked just right, with light breading, accompanied by marinara and remoulade.  Warm bread was provided on request.  A special salad was grilled arugula, accompanied by warm goat cheese medallions.  Even though I was skeptical ordering "grilled arugula", this was a really nice transition to dinner.  The "Gnocchi alla Funghi" (sauteed portobello, button and shiitake mushrooms with homemade gnocchi, accompanied by a white wine (with small amount of butter) sauce was perfectly prepared, seasoned nicely, so good.  A special was littleneck clams in linguini with a Alfredo sauce.  The clams were fresh, plentiful, the Alfredo was nicely balanced.The tiramisu was good, but lacked any discernable rum or espresso in the Savoiardi (lady fingers).  It did taste fresh and homemade, it just was not at the same quality level as every other food we tasted here.  The bread pudding was good as well, grilled, but again, not at the level of the rest of the meal.The wine selection was extensive, and very reasonably priced.  Definitely recommend.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,10/28/2012,66,228,3,4,5>One Way Cafe and Gallery is a quirky little coffee shop/cafe in the heart of "the village" in Wauwatosa, right nearby the hardware store. The inside has a cozy feel and features changing art exhibitions. There are a couple small cafe tables in the front of the building, but don't expect to sit outside if you've got more than just a couple people.The food and coffee that I've tried have all been delicious, and they were super welcoming of my daughter (bringing over a big bucket full of toys for her to play with at our table). This seems to be a place with a lot of regular patrons, but I can't stress enough how welcoming and friendly they were to us non-regulars when we were there. Another bonus- In this world of uncertain coffeehouse internets, they've got free WIFI.I'm looking forward to long walks in the summer with One Way Cafe as our destination!
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,10/27/2012,185,276,6,3,3>I like random pizza.  Ian's delivers random pizza (in the restaurant, and to your home). From burritos, to reubens, to babreque picknik, to pasta; Ians will throw it on a pizza.  The dudes working the counter are friendly, and will answer any questions you have (Which are usually "What the HELL is that?!").  It usually takes a couple minutes to heat up a slice, but it's nothing crazy, and I think they'll give it to you cold if you want.They also have Sprecher in bottles :).  It makes me feel better about myself as I sit in the window staring across at the people in Whole Foods.  You think you're better than me Mr/Mrs. Whole Foods shopper?  Well, that may be the case, but I'm eating delicious pizza while you're picking field greens and sharing couscous recipes. Who's better now, huh?  Oh, still you?  Well at least I have this comfort food to shove into my mouth hole.  Stop looking at me.  Punks.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,10/26/2012,21,100,3,6,5>This is a great neighborhood store.  Love it for the great fresh meat dept. along with the great salads and breads.  I will typically venture to Rupena's when I want brats and burgers.  They do a great job with flavors and spices.  They have such a large variety of meats, this is a must go destination for any cookout.  Rupens's is great if you are also  looking for a nice variety of vegetarian foods, cheeses and canned goods.  The prices are fair and you will know you bought quality when you shop a Rupena's.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,10/25/2012,147,207,4,6,5>Crab. Cakes. Bloody. Mary.Happy. Cassie.I really love the atmosphere of this place and the staff is incredible. The inside seating holds it own to the outdoor ambiance. You can even sit in a lounger in a pile of sand and watch the pontoons go by. Perfection. It felt clean and welcoming. They know how to pour a drink (If you know what I mean), which did not go unnoticed to our group.We opted for crab legs and our server was so gentle with us crab legs virgins! It was a really fun experience and I will definitely be back, can't wait to see how their menu comes together as they get their feet on the ground.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2011,11/19/2011,28,102,4,6,3>Water Street. You either love it or you hate it. Personally, I fall into the latter category.  If I were to witness Russell Crowe, Chris Brown, Dane Cook, Snooki and Charlie Sheen petitioning to outlaw handicap parking spaces, it would still be less douchey than many Water Street bars on a Saturday night. That being said....BarNone is like a diamond in the rough. It's a small, clean bar full of friendly people who are there to hang out and have a good time. No spray tans. No hooker heels. No dudes roaming around looking for a dancing female to randomly dry hump. Here you will find people you actually want to be around. The bartenders have always been friendly and attentive and the owner is a sweetheart. The drinks are a good deal, too. I'm definitely a fan.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,11/18/2011,280,856,8,11,8>WOOHOO! AS GOOD AS IT GETS!I think most guys reach a point in their lives when they realize it's time to put away the sports' jerseys, baseball caps and basketball shoes. I realized it is time to stop getting my hair cut at national chains that reside in strip malls.I found Men's Room Barbershop on Yelp and set up an appointment. I SAVED 10% just by printing their Yelp page! (Thanks Yelp!). I arrived a few minutes before my appointment. I was offered coffee and relaxed in a leather sofa. A few minutes later Trish introduced herself and the next hour was AWESOME!Trish listened to my ideas and offered her twenty years of expertise on a style that would look great on me. The conversation was easy, funny while Trish went about her craft. I LOVE my haircut because it allows me to be lazy and still look stylish.NO WONDER: I now understand why the woman in my life spends $200+ for a "hair cut" and comes home talking like she just had a SLUMBER PARTY. It's an experience. It's pampering yourself. No more strip mall hair cuts for me!THANKS MEN'S ROOM BARBERSHOP!
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,11/17/2011,23,50,3,2,4>I Love This Bar. It has an aquarium! (always a plus with me.) awesome drinks, ambiance and a chill crowd for the most part. however it can get expensive.Most important:This is Wisconsin, of course you want to go to a bar where it makes you feel like your anywhere warm!So, go here.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2011,11/16/2011,64,138,1,5,4>Stumbled upon this shop while waiting to meet a friend for lunch nearby. What a pleasant surprise! I thought it might be just full of junky arts-and-crafts local stuff, but it was actually full of surprisingly great items. Lots of gorgeous handmade earrings (not that they look handmade, you can just tell that's the MO of the store). I picked up a sweet pair of brass bird earrings. Was tempted by many of the earrings in fact (they have a lot of cute feather ones if you're still on that trend) and jewelry in general. Lots of unique necklaces, bracelets, rings, etc. Lots of industrial type materials (brass, copper) but plenty of delicate charms as well. Some cute headbands (feathers! zippers!), funny magnets (I got one that says "Reading is sexy) and cards and pretty journals. Some cute clothing, though it's pretty limited options. Will definitely be stopping back here for baby gifts sometime - they have little Hendrix tees!
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,11/15/2011,0,253,2,3,3>Rule #1 - Don't sit on my couch if I am there!! Am a huge fan of the Rosebud. And, am a proud card carrying member of the Rosebuddy Club! $35 gets you 5 admissions, 3 popcorns and 10% off all concession stand items. How can you beat that. I make sure I am at least 45 min early to the movie to get the best seat in the house. Although, I am not sharing which couch that is, cause I am sure I will end up fighting someone for it. Best place to see a movie. Comfy couches, full bar, and plenty of food options if you are so inclined. Me....I stick with a large soda, popcorn and a box of candy. The way a movie should be seen.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2011,11/14/2011,77,153,14,8,10>THE UGLY DUCKLING TURNS INTO A SWANOh my beloved Southridge, why do they pick on you so much? They say you're dated and aged. But that's youth today for you. I think your retro-70's chrome and tile looks fresher than the remodels of recent years.Do they not see that you've survived: The 70's--and it's Hickory Farms hippie love mall madness?The 80's--in it's Chess King disco day glory?The 90's--with battling anchor store takeovers?The 2000's--and all the Starbucks-sipping, wall street economy-dream-dashing craziness?And here it is 2011, and you're still standing, with an almost untarnished occupancy rate. You are the largest mall in Wisconsin, and still the best. When the other shopping centers were getting "facelifts", cladding them eternally in that "tuscan plaster crap" that little "faux town squares" are made of, it didn't phase you a bit.What's wrong with your 70's-style accoutrements? If you ask me you're looking pretty good. Much better than the already dated renovations of your ugly stepsisters, namely the Grand Avenue (excuse me "The Shops of Grand Avenue"), Bayshore "Town Center" (who wants to visit a fake village and have to go outside in the winter? Chaps my ass. Literally.) , Mayfair (carpeting on the second floor? Really?), and Brookfield Square (gee, that food court looks an awful lot like the one they put in Southridge--IN 1987!!!) When Macy's opens up a new chapter in your history, they will appreciate the fact that you waited until the most hideous period in mall renovations passed--much like 80's were a "fart in the wind" to the fashion world. I thought since Rachel did such a great job of personifying the mall, I had to offer a rebuttal in defense of our old gal, Southridge. LOL. Seriously, I think this mall has a great deal to offer. The parking is much easier, the layout feels more open thanks to the retention of the sky lights and wide corridors, and the tenant mix is just a little bit different here. What mall in the city can you visit to find all FIVE local anchors in one place? Where Mayfair might have Five Guys Burgers and Cheesecake Factory, this place has Red Robin and Ruby Tuesday. Then there are those original not-so-cookie-cutter tenants like Milano Italian Clothing for men. Well, you get the drift. On the negative side, the anchors at Southridge don't seem to get all the merchandise that their "A Level" stores in other malls get. But I think that will change after the Macy's addition and what looks like some nice upcoming cosmetic changes with clean lines and a look that differentiates Southridge from it's mall brethren. I hope the execution is as cool looking as the architectural sketches. Hey, since someone brought up Northridge, what ever happened to the loudly media-touted Chines Mall of North America, otherwise known as AmAsia? It's like the city is suffering from AmNesia, because I've heard nothing new about it.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2011,11/13/2011,45,84,4,12,4>Where do you think you are going to find good Q Mequon?  Yeah right, if you want the good stuff you know you are going to have to go into the center of the city.  Driving by Ashley's it fits the description of a good Q joint.  An unassuming place with a hand painted sign advertising it's bbq and smoking pouring out of its roof.  If you weren't looking for it you could easily drive by Ashley's without ever knowing it was there.  Walking in I knew I was in for a treat.  No table, just chairs, arcade machines, bulletproof glass partition, and some smooth r&b music playing in the background.  They have a very diverse BBQ menu which I'm looking forward to going back and trying, particularly the goat which sounds amazing. I went with the rib tips dinner which came with cole slaw and beans.  I also got one of the soul sides of mac and cheese, and when they found out it was our first time they threw in their greens for free.  On to the meal.  Rib tips were great; tender nicely smoked with a nice accent of their sauce which is a vinegar base.  The slaw was good as well cream and vinegar base.  The soul sides were real good.  The Mac and Cheese was super cheesy.  The greens were exceptional, so tender and delich.  If you have never had greens before do yourself a favor and get them at Ashley's so good.  The price is real affordable right around $10 for their dinners and as said in other review they will deliver to anywhere in Milwaukee.  Next time I'm going to have to go on the weekend for their soul food buffet which is 2 meats and 2 sides for 9 bucks.  No way you can beat that deal.  Although I'm open to giving the other Q joints in Milwaukee a try I think Ashley's is going to be my go to for when I need an infusion of ribs.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2011,11/12/2011,8,36,2,7,3>This location is the best of all Value Village places in the Milwaukee + surrounding area. Why? It's cleaner, frequented by less people, plus you're more likely to find a greater selection of semi-legit vintage pieces. That is to say I've had more success finding what I want here than at St. Paul's/Salvation Army. And, if you're that fancy, there's nice "designer" section set up at the entrance.Clothing is split between gender and their appropriate article of clothing, then organized by color. Accessories and shoes are towards by the back. Electronics and furniture have their own corner towards the back-right of the store. Way-right houses music, books, housewares, and little pathway where you can find all different types of new + vintage fabrics. You'll find things neatly organized, but the shoe section does tend to get a little messy. What most impresses about this location is how much it houses and how kind the employees are. Most of the time, I just like walk in, browse, and eventually come out with more than I imagined. Very frequently I purchase things at half-price. Like a previous review mentioned, sales are according by date of the week:MTuTh - 50% off clothing, shoes, and accessories.WF - 50% housewares, electronics, books, music, fabric, and furniture.Sat - 50% off everything.Sun - 50% off everything.NOTE: Sales are different in each location. (Check sales for particular locations here: valuevillagewi.com/locat)Lastly, I'm pretty sure they don't take credit/debit. And of course, wash the clothes before wearing them :)
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2011,11/11/2011,49,72,2,3,3>I love visiting the art museum, a rare treat for me. The special exhibits I have visited so far have been wonderful, most recently the Chinese exhibit, my favorite pieces being the wood furniture and paintings on silk. My favorite was the exhibit of Deaf art, something I saw a year or two ago; painting, sculpture, live performance, opportunities to learn more about Deaf culture/ language/ art... it was all so interesting and beautiful. The museum seems to always find lovely and meaningful art and exhibits for people to explore, the interior of the newer part of the building is gorgeous (and fun to photograph), and this is a great place to bring kids.The only downside I could think of for this place was my visit back in high school of eating in their dining area, the food was pricy and not great. Still, who goes to the art museum for the cuisine?!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2011,11/10/2011,115,264,3,6,6>I wish there were more than 5 stars. I follow the rule that nothing ever lives up to the hype, but there is an exception to every rule. The exception here is that the Bartolotta's don't mess around.  The description of the restaurant sold the place as a more casual, beer and spirit centric gastropub that was still distinctly Bartolotta. The scene as I peered through the windows was almost intimidating, Warm wood tones, perfectly rustic lighting and an incredible wall of whiskey behind the bar. Tempered by the arrival of my friends Caley C.  and her husband Ryan (also C. I think he has more experience in being a C. than she does), we found a nice seat on padded leather benches. I'm sure it would have been very intimate for them had I not been there. Our waiter provided us with a bible of beverage. Full of the great craft beers we all love, but with some wildcards thrown in. The menu is actually kind of small, but it illustrates the vision of the place quite succinctly. You are here to drink. Here are some awesome entrees and snacks to pair with your beverage of choice. Wonderful charcuterie and cured meats, traditional snacks with a house made spin, and entrees with a fine dining spin. I ordered the marinated olives, country pork pate and cured duck breast. The olives are served in a small crock with an oil and garlic marinade and rival Glorioso's in their quality. The pork pate was great. Served with a nice rustic bread, it was full of flavor and tasted a but like a lighter braunschweiger, but with the richness  cranked to 10.  The cured duck breast was probably exactly what you are looking for while drinking beer. Sliced thin, salty and with a wonderful ribbon of fatty goodness. After reinforcements arrived, I pulled up a bar stool to attack the aforementioned whiskey. This bar is gorgeous. The wood tones yes, but the details are great. Every couple seats or so are incredible steam punk inspired lamps that cannot go unnoticed. The bartenders were knowledgeable and friendly, and we all cheered the Brewers to a win. I cannot wait to return for a full meal, because the snacks we tried were ridiculous. If they keep this up, the Rumpus Room will become a must in Milwaukee
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,9/4/2013,296,1325,8,12,8>Yeah, what Mike C. said - color me impressed with Bel Air West. You have to understand that those of us in Tosa have been starved for a decent taco joint. I mean, where am I going to go - LaFuente West? Hectors? (shudders)Bel Air took a dilapidated eyesore and turned it into a fresh, trendy Cali-Mex spot in short order. It looks like they'll have some killer patio spaces too. Despite being their second night and playing to a full house, it looked like they have their act together. From the food & service that we experienced, I would never have guessed they were newly opened. Here's the breakdown:Space: A+ (see above)Service: B+ no issues here. We were checked on regularly, drinks were replenished. No complaints. Always good to see a manager on the floor, running a tight ship.Food: B Solid. I tried the gringo, the Pollo Verde and the Black Bean Corn. Hubs had Jerk Chicken, Tilapia something or other and Lobster Shrimp. All good, all worth ordering again. Drinks: B. Good tapper choices, ok margs. I had the Bel Air which is made with fresh lime (no complaints there) - it wasn't as boozy as I like, but that's just my inner drunk.Value: A Regular menu prices are fair and they have great specials. Tuesdays have $2 taps, $2 tacos, $2 shots etc. Ole!!!Verdict: I *LOVE* tacos. Love them. So a good taco place opening within walking distance makes me happy!!! Welcome to Tosa, Bel Air!!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,9/3/2013,40,76,1,6,5>When life hands you lemons, I say light up a cuban seed cohiba and let the stress melt away. Well, I never have actually never said that. In fact I'm not a big cigar smoker but in the event that I become a father, attend a bachelor party, or get involved in a high stakes poker game I would head on over to Uhles Pipe Shop to load up. This store is a Milwaukee institution originally founded in 1939 by John Uhle, although located on Michigan Ave two blocks away from the current location. Uhle's keeps alive the long standing, culturally entrenched use of tobacco to relax, enjoy the company of ones compatriots, and even conducting business. Like an urban golf course.Uhle's has a great collection of cigars, pipes, pipe tobacco, and other accoutrement. The sales associates are quite knowledgeable. Also, there is a back smoking room where you can enjoy some indoor smoking. They also permit you to bring your own alcohol. Bonus! So sit down next to an autographed picture of Jerry Seinfeld, Bill Cosby, or Harry Connick Jr. and strike a match!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,9/2/2013,34,68,5,3,3>Quizmaster puts on bar trivia at a bunch of different places in town. What bars, you ask? Beat it, punk! Google that shit or go to their website, dingus!The format is 2 hours or so of 6 rounds of 5 questions each. Each round has a respective category. Teams can have up to 8 players. There are prizes for 1st and 2nd place, and also for Best Team Name of the Night. Usually bar tabs of $10-$30. Special prizes sometimes, like beer and bottles of booze. I recently participated in an 8-week league play series that included appearances of the queel (go to the website, ya mongoloid) and some serious competition that resulted in my team being the overall winner! Whoop. There was also a contest to see which team drank the most over the series. We just missed out on that one too. All I got was a gross hangover from the 6 snakebites or kamikazis I drank in 30 seconds in a last push to snatch victory from the jaws of YO MAMA, MUHFUGGA.This is a well organized, well run trivia night. Kevin the Quizmaster is a cool-ass dude and is your host at many of the participating venues, and I think he has a partner who does some as well. Quizmaster's website is great and becomes part of the game as that's where you get your weekly "quiz hint" in articles posted on the page devoted to your bar. They'll put a picture of you and your teammates' ugly mugs up there as well, provided you win or at least come up with a good name. That part makes it really fun. By "good name" I mean offensive, funny, or both. The winner of the best name contest is chosen by audience reaction, sometimes laughs, sometimes applause, and once in a while, disgusted groans. My team name almost got me in a fight once. No joke! That was when I played at Replay, which is a douche magnet. See Luke R's review for more info on that slop ditch. The trivia nights really depend on your venue, so pick a place you would go to anyway. My only (small) complaint is that I wish the questions were a bit harder, but I understand that Quizmaster needs to appeal to a broad audience. Unlike me, most folks aren't packing a staggeringly god-like knowledge base in their spectacularly wrinkled brain. Sometimes it's just too damn easy, so not quite 5 stars. If you own a bar and think you want some trivia drunks, give 'em a call! If you decide to go play, don't be a putz and use your cellphone to cheat, ya putz. Fun times, nerd! Go get 'em!
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,9/1/2013,228,281,3,5,3>I'm of mixed mind when it comes to this bar.  I love it when I'm here in a group pre- or post-game.  The food, while random (I ordered one thing, kitchen decided to give me what they felt like), is decent for a bar.  And the pricing, considering what the could probably get away with on game day, is very fair.I've been here for bags, darts and pool.  I've taken advantage of a very fast and free shuttle to Miller Park (easily one of the best high points of this place).  And I've managed to leave here relatively sober on pretty much all occasions.The only time I'm not a fan is when it becomes more of a Water Street type place than a great sports bar.  While the bartenders in the front side (John? I think that's his name?) are the friendlier and more capable types, the back bar is all about turn and burn.  And look cute and flirty while pouring one beer at a time.  That's when I pack it in and head for my own local places.  I'd just like a better emphasis on capable bartending than low cut tops.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,8/31/2013,280,856,10,6,8>It's time quasi-celebrity Brewers' super fan FRONT ROW AMY got her own Yelp review.WHERE: Miller Park - televised on FOX Sports Wisconsin behind home plate above the "o" in Brewers.com.WHO: Super fan Amy Williams or Front Row AmyWHY: She has season tickets, keeps score in her scorecard, has over 24,500 likes on her FB page, probably knows more about baseball than you do.MEDIA: She has her own Facebook fan page, been on Deadspin.com and even the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel did a piece on her: jsonline.com/news/milwauCELEBRITY: Last season I had seats a few sections behind Front Row Amy and guys were always asking to have their photo with her. At another game there were two boys under twelve beside me and they asked each other if "Front Row Amy was here". There's even an imposter, Front Row Adam.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,8/30/2013,268,248,2,4,4>Affordable, delicious, simple local eatery...pretty much sums it up for me. The restaurant and the food they serve comes across as 'high class food/dinning at home.'If you are dining with just two...I would recommend sitting by the bar. If not, I would recommend making a reservation as the restaurant is very small. Sitting at the bar is also dangerous as their drinks are very tempting and they have very good cocktails as well as super attentive and kind bartenders. Food here is plain and simple. Yummy and they do not try to over present their food like art as they let their flavors do the work.French Fries w/ Clam Dip: you kinda HAVE to get this...everything about this appetizer just scream perfect to me. The fries are the perfect size and with the perfect crispy-ness. The clam dip sauce wasn't overly savory so that it was overwhelming. It was just delish! Can you tell I love fried foods?Goat Cheese Souffle: The taste and presentation was all there...all nicely browned. The taste wasn't overly pungent with goat cheese. Just enough for you to taste it and light and fluffy to enjoy. Only thing I would say is that it was a little on the gritty side.Scallops w/ Risotto: The scallops were okay and probably my least favorite of the list. The scallops didn't look the freshest (you can tell when the scallops are breaking apart) and they were a little over seasoned...salty. The risotto was a little gritty as well.Pork Saltimbocca: The pork medallions wer perfectly cooked and were served plain and simple with garlic mashed. A decent entree.They had a few dessert item on the menu and we went with a chocolate cake...this was pretty typical but I did love the chocolate ganache on top and the home made whip cream...home made is also BEST!Overall a great restaurant when you don't want to cook at home and want to enjoy some company. I'll be back for more food especially since it's up the street from me.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,8/29/2013,100,354,3,5,5>To me, Pridefest is much like the other festivals at the Summerfest grounds: loud music, ridiculously priced tickets, smoking all around, and outrageously priced bad food. Of course, I am an ally of the LGBTQ community and have no problem seeing two men make out ferociously during fireworks. I didn't stare. I usually have an aversion to excessive PDA, but I have to admit that it was fantastic to see two people who felt safe in public to express themselves without fear of judgement or harassment. Pridefest during the day and at night are very different scenes. While some crazy (and not in the fun way) parents brought their kids to evening Pridefest, I really wouldn't recommend it. All ludity and partial nudity aside, it is just a really loud and really boring place for kids after sundown. Pridefest daytime is actually pretty cool - a tent on the history of the LGBTQ movement and struggles in the US and Milwaukee specifically, bouncy castles, kid's entertainment, etc. Very very family oriented. Pridefest night time is like any other festival with the drinking and partying. But more people wear outrageous clothes (or very little clothing). I'm not a huge nightime fan because I'm just not into loud music, $9 beer, or smoking. There is one thing that really sets Pridefest apart from other festivals. Sure, the music and food are the same as any generic festival. What sets Pridefest apart is that for three days in June, a lot of people who are members or allies of the LGBTQ community get together and express their acceptance of one another. I really felt the community there and the sense of unity, and there's nothing else quite like it in Milwaukee. So in sum, if you have kids go during the day. If you are a party animal, go at night without kids. And only go if you are an ally, Pridefest is a safe place for people to be themselves, no bullies should be allowed. Why 4 stars then? Because the prices are ridiculous. $16 admission. Greasy fries. Give me a break.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2013,8/28/2013,76,370,2,4,2>New City, New Yelps, Same Format:Date of visit: July 4, 2013Location: 4 out of 5Working on my knowledge of individual neighborhoods is on my shorter to-do list, but Zak's doesn't seem too far out of the way for anyway in the downtown MKE area - and it's easily accessible by 794 if you're coming from the south.  It seems to be right smack in the middle between 94 and 794 from what I now know is the 5th Ward, and it's a hop and a skip away from our new digs in the 3rd Ward, so much so that it'd either be a moderate walk, or just a really fast bike ride.  Free street parking is available (so weird to say it's "free") and from what I could tell, a few bus routes make their way past the storefront.  Decor: 5 out of 5Very cute storefront/patio, and equally charming interior.  The outdoor seating has an avocado color theme going on (not a knock), and is seemingly pooch friendly.  In addition to the tables right in front of the storefront, they have a patio in the rear/side as well.  The interior, as many of you might have guessed or alluded to earlier was a former warehouse/loft so it's a double layered seating arrangement.  Wooden tables with wooden chairs, a very ample bar area, and seemingly local art adorning the exposed brick walls made for a decidedly pleasant feel.Customer Service: 4 out of 5Extremely friendly and efficient service at Zak's.  I don't want to make any generalizations, but perhaps (and just PERHAPS) all of them were just a half or quarter step off on July 4th because of the previous evening - but they "hid" it well and as the morning went on, our staff became much more energized.  I don't remember our waitress' name, but she had a very lovely parrot tattoo on one of her arms.  Like I said - extremely friendly and fast, and no complaints at all whatsoever.  If there was any nitpick to be made at all, it would just be that familiarity with the daily specials would be a plus, but I also understand that July 4th was a very special day in terms of the menu, and they brought in a new chef recently.Selection of Food/Quality on my visit: 4.5 out of 5Quite impressive array of foods for B, L, and D.  To my excitement, they serve breakfast until 3pm and I saw such old favorites as breakfast burritos, pancakes, etc. as well as novel items like lobster benedict.  The lunch menu consisted of items you may recognize as well, e.g., club, BLT, burgers, but you may find some vegetarian friendly options such as portabella burgers.  I did NOT take a gander at the dinner menu while I was there, but their online menu indicates a fairly comprehensive selection.  Now...on July 4, they served the All American Plate (MURRRRICA!!!!!), consisting of:  pulled pork, chicken, baked beans, corn on the cob, cornbread, potato salad, and strawberry shortcake.  Everything but the last item was scrump didddddlly dumptious.  The short cake I could have left (and I did, at least half of it), but that may be a personal preference.Pricing: 4 out of 5Very reasonably priced.  Pancakes were about 7 bucks (includes a meat side), and the All American Plate was 15 bucks.  Beer is about 5 bucks (I'm a fan of beermosas).  Overall:  4 out of 5Realistically, a 4.3 out of 5, but because of my rounding conventions, gets bumped "down" to a 4.  This place is awesome, folks.  Don't pass up the chance to come here if you're in the area.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,8/27/2013,38,48,,6,2>Oh Tess. Tess Tess Tess. You lovely lovely restaurant. Tess,  you are just so good to me.  (End dramatics)I had a powerhouse of a meal here recently.  It is just a delightful spot nestled in the heart of the East Side.  Tess is so nondescript that one might pass right by if they did not know what they were looking for.  Upon entering, you really feel as though you have stepped into an entirely new environment. Intimate. Cozy.  Just delightful. I felt like I was back in the West Village of Manhattan. We waited for a few moments to get our table but the bartender was so kind to let us sample a few of their special beers on tap. Upon being seated, my friend and I shared a delicious crab cake while sipping on Old Fashioned cocktails as we selected our dinner entrees.I enjoyed the Gorgonzola Walnut Chicken. (grilled chicken breast, gorgonzola cheese, walnuts, sweet potato puree, sauteed vegetables, balsamic reduction.)    The sweet potato puree was just divine. My friend had the Grilled Salmon with green pea horseradish cream sauce, demi sec tomatoes, mashed potato, and sauteed shiitake mushrooms. We were both deliriously happy with our choices. I definitely will go back to Tess.  The clientele skewed a bit older when I was there.  It was a nice change from the upper 20 something yuppie ville environments that I usually find myself in.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,8/26/2013,96,52,28,12,13>Oh! You finally asked that sexy animal out on a date?!I'm so proud of you. I know it can be intimidating and a bit tricky. But you're great. Good for you. Now you have to plan a bit of the evening...Allium. Trust. Bull's-eye.For realzeez. It's a perfect date spot, especially for a first stop.Aww, are you going to get a bit boozed-up to kill your nerves and then try to hold hands while you walk to another East Side establishment? Don't push it. Take it slow.Have a drink while you talk about the menu. The menu always seems quite thoughtful on both the food and drink tip. It may even be tough to choose your first drink. Don't worry. You're in Milwaukee. Get the first one going 'cause you'll be having more.You'll win date points right out of the gate when you get there. The outside of the building has an interesting carved stone facade and archway. It seems tucked-away and secret, even though it's right on Prospect and a stone's throw from North Ave. If you have a decent arm. Sure, you'll want to dress at least slightly better than usual since you are on a first date. But anyone enjoying Allium could feel comfortable in casual gear or fancy duds. I've worn a t-shirt and shorts, but I've also worn a tie. Totally works.Cute, you two are going to share those plates and talk about how good the food is, then you'll order more and get another drink or so. Geez, you'll be laughing and talking about how you should come back and sit outside next time.Next time! Oh boy!Calm yourself. Remember, take slow breaths. Just stay relaxed. Listen. Ask questions about your date. And listen. Be yourself. I'll say it again, you're great. You aren't the only one who thinks they might be judged this evening. So be light and friendly. Be kind and thoughtful. But, be yourself. It's helpful to not try too hard. Allium is a great place to take it slowly. The staff is friendly and relaxed. The atmosphere is casual, but very put-together and soft. It has a bit of an old-timey feel. There will probably be a wide age range among the patrons. There will definitely be married couples, long term relationshipers, and some new daters, as well. It's a polite group looking for a calm time in a small, consistently good spot.This could just be a great spot for drinks and starters. Then you could move on and have the main meal elsewhere. Or, just keep ordering more from the kitchen and be awesomely European with your drinks and conversation and three hour dinner session self. Maybe some day you'll come back and talk about how your first big night was at Allium. Maybe the date will go so well that you'll get brunch the next day at Corazon. You dirty freak.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,8/15/2012,34,68,11,7,11>YOU WOKE UP IN AN ABANDONED CAR NEXT TO THE OLD TOWER AUTOMOTIVE PLANT.A skinny dog barked at a brick wall, about 30 feet up the sidewalk. For no reason. There was nothing particular about the wall. The dog simply stood in place, barking rhythmically, around 4 seconds between each salvo.You decided the dog was very likely, and with the flavor of your cruel, long-dead grandmother, a victim of dementia. Freezing, freezing. Your confusion and fear hid from you temporarily how very cold it was. Yet you were drenched in sweat... Heavy, hanging clothes that you did not recognize or fill out as your own. (BARK) Had you previously weighed much more? Just before your (BARK) mysterious slumber? And who was it, exactly, that brought you here? Perhaps a shady liposuction provider... maybe a free-wheeling distributor of rohypnol... What was your name? Now true horror....You remembered well enough to go east as you stumbled and reeled down the street. Groups of thugs parted as you played at Moses, your stink of desperation and insanity pushing them to the side while you crossed a dry sea of hovering doom. But you were quite sure God had long ago thrown you to the winds, and you lead no exodus but for the trailing shadows of your fear.After a seemingly endless march through the broken urban landscape, a small beacon of hope appeared. You recalled that you were in need of a ball peen hammer and some drywall screws. Your identity still escaped you, but it was glaringly obvious in your heart of hearts that only fairly priced plumbing components and the sole lumber supply in the central city were the end game in your terrible Odyssey.You had made it to Blifferts. The clouds parted and the heavy cloak of torture lifted from your defeated body. Further exploration revealed a competent, friendly staff. Shining, virgin keys were made from your originals. As you paid for your purchases it all made sense. Everything fell into place... you were home, you were safe. You smiled to yourself as you imagined sending the receipt to your landlord, with a reduced rent check reflecting the cost of the repairs you made on your shitty apartment by the Falcon Bowl.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,8/14/2012,156,661,3,7,3>I have been going to El Rey since I was a kid. From its original location on S. 16th before it became Cesar Chavez, I remember eating at the little taqueria or picking up fajita meat from the butcher to cook at my dad's friends house under the shadow of the Allen-Bradley clock. There is just something about El Rey that links me to my hometown. When people visit me, or when I bring a friend to Milwaukee, I always take them here for tacos unless they are vegan. An ex GF ordered the fish tacos and ever since then I have been ordering one of these when I have tacos. When I was much younger I would come here for my "morning after" breakfast. I still love to come here for breakfast - even though it can be crazy busy on the weekends after church or when people are stopping in to get meat to cook out. Got a grill? Want to make some home-made fajitas? You must come here! If you are looking to cook prepared Mexican style on the grill this is the place to come. They have a good selection of marinated meats, fresh avocado, and ready made items to go. I am not a fan of the guacamole here, but other than that everything is great. The small bakery usually has a good supply of sweets - although not a real panderia. I do like the hard rolls here - in fact a friend from Italy outside of Rome prefers these rolls to the - in his words - "junk" they pawn off as Italian bread. The restaurant has a fairly large space and the servers are often very busy. So, depending on the time you get here, there may be a table to clear, or a bit of a wait for things to show up, but there are usually just one or two servers working. The hot sauce - green - is super freaking hot. Overall, this place is more than a trip down memory lane for a guy who first came into El Rey in the 1970s as a kid, but a place I would stay stacks up to any Mexican grocery in the USA, and with a bonus cafe where you can get great fresh food!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,8/13/2012,70,316,2,5,4>What an amazing asset to have right in the heart of downtown. The staff is super-helpful and knowledgable, but not pushy. Was there recently for Milwaukee Food Tour's Smell Off and we contestants waited outside so that our sniffers weren't compromised - that's how pungent the store is - in an absolutely wonderful way. Not only do they stock every version of every spice you could need, but they have some really cool blends. My favorite part is actually the little section in back with things like lecithin and xanthan gum. It's my own little attempt at molecular gastronomy and I love that they give me access to these different additives at such a reasonable price. Don't be intimidated - just go with an open mind (and palate) and be prepared to add new things to your cooking arsenal. You don't have to buy big jars - you can buy just an ounce. It's such a great place to try experimenting with foods and flavors.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,8/12/2012,65,128,3,4,3>I've been visiting Jalapeno Loco for years.  So long that I remember the small location they started out with in Cudahy.  I've always liked the variety and the quality of the food.  The margaritas are some of the best in town.  I don't give them the final star because there is really no meal I've had there that blows me away and makes me want to come back right away.  Don't get me wrong there are some really good choices on the menu...it's just not my fave Mexican restaurant.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,8/11/2012,7,95,2,2,3>I've eaten here a few times, and while it's good, this review isn't only about the food, or even the location.For a place having tables on the Third Ward riverwalk, it seems like this place it hidden in plane sight.  After being told the wait for a table outside for bunch at other establishments only blocks away would be an hour, we were seated on the river at Rustico in about 15 minutes.  Combine that with some great and unique brunch food, and it's a pretty great brunch option for the Third Ward.Brunch aside, they have great deals during the week, just check their website.  Their $1 pizza slices on Monday? aren't as good as if you ordered an actual pizza, but it really is a good deal.One last thing to note is that they do deliver, but only until 9 during the week.  That threw a wrench into my pi day, but was still happy to walk to get takeout.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,8/10/2012,228,281,3,4,4>Nonna's has been the best dining experience in an airport that I've had.  While the service has been at a level no higher than my expectations of an airport (diner quality), the food level has been its saving grace. He isn't falling prey to a Wolfgang Puck level of branding, at least.The menu is legit Italian, for one.  They're not doing an Olive Garden express, and they aren't a Sysco frozen special.  I've seen the kitchen (which is better than most full service restaurants) and I'm impressed by the ends to which Joe would go for an airport eatery.  Scratch production is a nice standard to see.The pizza is solid quality, decently proportioned and fairly priced.  Same would go for the pasta dishes.  The skillet looks to be pretty decent, but I have this thing about consuming that much of anything fried before flying.  I'd prefer never to be "that guy" on the plane...The wine and beer menu is also pretty quality, as I'd expect from this restaurant group.  They didn't go the way of letting one distributor hold their hand and make the lists, so you'll find a little more than your typical well-advertised standards.The one drawback is the french toast.  I'm a bottomless pit when it comes to pancakes and french toast.  A slightly larger order option would be awesome.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,8/8/2012,34,86,3,5,3>Classic Milwaukee pub. I always assumed this place had been here since the 1880's. Not so, but you'll think it was too. Over the top German stained glass, murals and ceilings. Large beer selection 'natch. Friendly bar staff.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,8/7/2012,26,85,,9,4>The wafting smells of spices and deliciousness led me over to this endearing yellow food cart during a food truck gathering on Tuesday. Their menu is short and sweet and consisting of sandwiches, perfect for the indecisive, including jerk chicken, Korean beef bbq, caramelized pork banh mi, and grilled portobello mushroom. I got the jerk chicken:  soft white bun, lathered in sriracha mayo with really juicy spiced pulled chicken placed abundantly in the middle. The oven roasted tomatoes were a savory addition to the sandwich. It was messy but every bite was delcious and a pleasure to devour. I believe many of the owner's ingredients are also locally grown/sourced. I've often been disappointed by food trucks, more hype and trend then honest to good food, but jeppa joes has made me a believer again. This is one food truck/cart not to miss! Hopefully we will be seeing more of him during the summer.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,8/6/2012,19,72,2,4,4>BYO, you get the honor of being the first Milwaukeean establishment to receive a Yelp review from moi! This is a case of inspiration, not frustration or disappointment; BYO amalgamates many of the things I like.First off, the neighborhood, as other yelpers have mentioned, is very inviting, with Cafe Lulu, Riviera Maya and the ice cream parlor around. Still, it is kind of a hike for me to go there on a Sunday with work the next day, but if you come early for salsa, it's worth it.The place welcomes you with nice decor, free chips and salsa (which I haven't tried, but I've heard they're great), inspired cocktails and dancing. The rueda lessons are a lot of fun, and people, contrary to what others have expressed, are very approachable. I do think that if you're more on the shy side when it comes to salsa dancing, you may feel a bit intimidated... I think the cliquish aspect does not take anything away from BYO; it makes it more classy and chill.Many successes to the owners in managing this unique place!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,8/5/2012,100,354,8,7,3>My first time was on Friday (today is Tuesday). I am the Yelp Duchess. So yeah, you could say that I like Yo Factory. Flavors: awesome! So far, I have had: chocolate, vanilla, pomegranate raspberry, blueberry, orange sorbet, Irish mint, cheesecake, cake batter, watermelon, and classic tart. The only flavor to date that I have disliked is cake batter -- but I don't like anything cake batter flavored (it blows my mind how people like it!).I am overall impressed with the selection of toppings. Fresh fruits rotate but almost always include strawberries, mango, and kiwi. They also have fruity bubba (which are strange fruity caviar-like bulbs that you squish in your mouth and the juice comes out), lots of different chocolate candies options like reeses, butterfinger, toffee, rice crisp, heath. They also have cereal options (which I don't get, but maybe someone is a big fan?), and m&ms. A variety of fruiting syrups (which I have not tried) and also big pumps of white chocolate syrup, dark chocolate syrup, and caramel. Atmosphere: really inviting and comfortable! Love the old school jute box (which is fake and runs off an Ipod!), love the trow back counter and chairs, all around love it! The staff was very friendly, approached us and asked if we'd been there before and explained how it worked.  They are always pleasant at checkout. Why 4 stars? Price. A tad pricey. We usually end up somewhere around the $9 mark for two small containers. But Yo Factory definitely beats out Berry Me in comfort and taste/texture of fro yo for the same price.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,8/4/2012,31,55,3,6,7>It was my pleasure to spend Sunday evening sitting on a bench overlooking the Milwaukee river listening to the water pour over a small falls while sipping from a one litre mug of imported dunkel. A polka duo played to the crowd; the perfect volume: loud enough to hear and enjoy but not so loud you couldn't also hear the person sitting across from you. Helping this blissful setting was the knowledge that twenty cents out of every dollar I spent on beer was going back to the Milwaukee County Parks system that hosted this setting.The site was clean and very well managed. The owner, Hans Weisgerber, was on-site (as was Parks director, Sue Black). I had a chance to thank him for fighting to bring this back to Milwaukee and he was incredibly gracious. The patrons were well behaved and there was zero indication that anyone was intoxicated. The staff was very friendly and service was fast and orderly. Cash only right now and a five dollar deposit is required to use their mugs. Eleven dollars for a litre of imported beer is a little pricey but, again, more than two dollars of that went right back to the Parks System (is that a tax write off?). If you need a mug get in the right hand queue to get your first beer and pay your deposit. For refills and to return your mug get in the left hand lane. It doesn't get more German than that kind of orderly fashion!The return of the biergarten to Milwaukee parks was long overdue. Over the last 30+ years the city has failed to embrace its German ties (the same German ties that helped spawn Parks system itself, built the city's industry and even led to Summerfest). One doesn't have to be German to see the benefits that these provide and to embrace their cultural significance. Biergartens offer a chance for people from all areas of the community to get together. Milwaukeeans, of all ethnic backgrounds, love to drink. But unlike the typical tavern setting, which attracts a certain class of people from typically narrow geographies, I saw people from myriad backgrounds enjoying the fresh air and good beer. It certainly makes one feel like part of a community rather than a demographic. If you enjoy the biergarten, it's important to let your County Supervisor know that you support their continued existence and growth. Currently (as of 6/25/12) there is only a one year lease in place. I'm sure most of us like to see these in many other parks in the county as long as they are equally well managed. It only takes 10 minutes to send an email.What's missing from the biergarten? A local craft brewery beer. While it's nice to see Hofbräuhaus there, I can imagine that working with Lakefront or another brewery would result in a special beer just for the biergartens. Perhaps an Oktoberfest available year round?
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,8/3/2012,190,322,3,13,7>When Hue opened, the reviews from people I spoke with were mixed, but mostly toward the negative. However, the reviews have been changing and I had only been hearing and reading good things for the past several months, so I figured it was time to make Hue a priority visit on my list. I visited Hue with two others, which is always great because you can share more items on the menu. Most of the tables were full, which is good for a Tuesday night. Our hostess was friendly and our server, Molly, was great all-around. The restaurant wasn't noisy, so we could talk without raising our voices, and the food and drinks were great!We shared the Hue Sample Platter (2 shrimp, 2 beef skewers, 2 egg rools and a spring roll), an order of Lemongrass Beef Skewers, and the So Hap Xa (Vietnamese Mussels). All were delicious. The mussels were cooked perfectly, so that the shells opened wide. We didn't have to pry them open to get to the good stuff, as is the case at many places that serve mussels. For me, the star was the Lemongrass and garlic marinated beef skewers. They were very tender and delicious!For our entrees, we ordered the Co'm Chien(or the kitchen sink fried rice as Hue refers to it), the Ca Ri Chay (Vegetable Curry), and the Pho Tai Chin (Beef Pho with sirloin steak and well-done brisket). The Co'm Chien contains Chinese sausage, bbq pork, shrimp and vegetables, which all worked well together. The Pho was very good as is, but I still added Hoisin and Sriracha to improve the broth flavor to my liking. The Vegetable Curry was made with a vietnamese yellow curry, mixed vegetables, lemongrass, bay leaves and served with jasmine rice. Again, we shared all three dishes and they were delicious!I also liked being able to order Asian beers I have not seen before, like Hue and Chang. Hue is a great place to enjoy delicious Vietnamese food in a casual setting. There is a bar and a dining room for you to choose from. Bay View continues to add gems to its dining scene. I look forward to another visit to Hue after I get more restaurants off the to-do list.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,8/2/2012,92,265,3,6,5>Simple, delicious Mexican cuisine in a quiet, unassuming location a few blocks from the hubbub and traffic of Mayfair Mall.Everything is fresh and cooked to order -- and is fast, too! I recommend the taco combination plate -- one each of tacos al pastor, pollo, and carne asada (A). Served hot in double corn tortillas with a healthy sprinkling of onions and cilantro + lime (A+), these hit the spot. A side of Mexican rice and beans (A-) were vacuumed up in record time by this reviewer. There was the perfect amount of spice in the tacos al pastor, with a hint of pineapple to boot. Add in the warm tortilla chips and two varieties of homemade salsa (A+) and you've got a winner!Owners George and Mary were incredibly friendly, welcoming, and great to chat with during the course of my visit. Special kudos for their treatment of my dining partners' (fellow Yelpers Jess O. and Tony P.) 10-month old son -- they really rolled out the red carpet and spoke about other diners who had brought children because it was such a good atmosphere.The actual space is smaller than I thought -- literally a lunch counter and a few tables, but you're right next to the kitchen/grill so you can smell the delicious offerings as they're cooked up. This is not like other taquerias I have previously visited, which have often been fast-paced, bustling, and have so many options for food your head would spin. Taqueria El Fogoncito has a simple one page menu and also offers their food to go if you are in a hurry. I already have my favorite, but I will definitely be back to try their burrito and the huevos rancheros.Yum yum yum -- if you're looking for a more relaxed place for authentic Mexican cuisine, TEF should be your jam!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2012,8/1/2012,140,249,,4,3>I have always had amazing food from Yen Ching. The Sesame Chicken is by far in the city. As the others mentioned, the Crab Rangoon is incredible! I use to regularly dine in at this fine establishment and enjoy the relaxing atmosphere, however the service can be quite slow. Overall, the wait staff lack personality and it can be a challenge to get a server to visit the table to update your order (add on)/get a refill/etc. I switched to exclusively take out from Yen Ching simply because my order is ready to go in 15-20 mins and I'd rather eat in the comfort of my own home where I can get up and refill my own drinks.Food is definitely 5 stars, but dine-in service is more like a 2....
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2011,7/31/2012,38,83,,4,3>As far as I'm concerned, Lakefront boasts the best brewery tour in town. Fairly priced, extremely entertaining, lots of beer samples and a souvenir pint glass. Not only that, but as other reviews mentioned, it's a great thing to do with out-of-towners. They always get a kick out of it. Only caveat: if you don't order your tickets online, get there early!!! The tours are incredibly popular and always sell out, so show up about a half hour early at least.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2011,7/30/2012,38,87,,11,5>I will admit I was a little nervous when Slim of Slim McGinn fame sold this place to Linda Sackett. I had been going to McGinn's for longer than I care to admit.  I had previously stopped in for drinks and finally tried the food last night.  The beer list is heavy on Irish beers which should be expected at an Irish Pub. They have Hacker Pschorr and Stella if you are not an Irish fan. Make sure you check in on Yelp and you get a two for one drink or half off on an appetizer.  My companions and I decided to get the Mozzarella rolls, which is cheese wrapped in wonton pastry.  I have had these at other places and it's usually a disappointment as the wonton turns into cardboard.  But not at O'Lydia's! The cheese and wonton blended perfectly and the marinara side was perfect.  I ordered a burger and was pleasantly surprised.  It was done perfectly medium. I only had mushrooms on it and the flavor was great.  This was easily the best burger I have had in a Milwaukee bar.  Our server, who I am pretty sure was named Jillian was attentive and cordial.  O'Lydia's has specials every night.  I know I will be back on a Monday for AYCE tacos for $4.50 and of course I must try the Friday fish fry. I have found my new stop before any Bradley Center events. Less hassle and much better food than the downtown spots.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,7/29/2012,24,75,4,5,5>It's good. It just is. Waited at the bar for a table and was completely entertained and served by a great bartender.  Weiner schnitzel slider appetizer? You kidding me? Amazing. Seven layer salad? Could eat it every day! Pork belly on a cabbage pancake? Believe it! Chocolate peanut cake for dessert. I'm a big kid and I didn't get this way by eating bad food, I'm telling you.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,7/28/2012,62,141,2,3,3>Hollah! Thank you MyYoMy for opening in the Third Ward.  Just what this neighborhood needed.  They have 12 flavors that you can mix n match and all the nutritional info for each flavor is posted on the wall.  One of the employees told us they change the flavors about once a week. Then, you can add toppings (fruit (fresh too!), candy, nuts, cereal, etc) and weigh your dish to pay by the ounce.  Seems reasonably priced as well (about $3.50 for a medium size dish with toppings). Love this place already!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,7/27/2012,37,169,2,4,3>Is it possible to fall deeper in love with a restaurant with each visit?I've spouted the awesomeness of Umami Moto for years and somehow they continue to surprise & delight me with every visit.  I think the menu has changed 3 times in the past year. And while past favorites are gone, everything they add just ups the offerings that much more.Our recent visit we started with our usual Milwaukee Street Rolls and added our favorite from the last visit, the White Tiger, and tried a new roll, Lobster Futo Maki. The Lobster combines with asparagus, scallions, mango and cucumber and is now my new favorite.  After finishing those, we dove into our small plates which consisted of the Lobster Potstickers, Tuna Poke and the Hamachi Tartar. Each one was absolutely delicious. And where other restaurants fall short with their desserts, Umami Moto continues to excel. New additions include the Blueberry & Cream and Strawberry Malt. Each were exceptional and prove why Umami Moto is always at the top of their game.And as usual, the service is spot on. Our server, Dallas, was perfect. Hold on to her because she really is the final piece to an amazing meal.  Great job, Umami Moto! You really show everyone else what an exceptional restaurant should be!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,7/26/2012,58,71,7,13,8>Yum, meat market indeed!  My first visit to Bunzel's started with $1 hot dog from the outdoor grill- SOLD!  Best damn $1 hot dog I've ever had and that's coming from a girl who is all about the $1 hot dogs at Miller Park.Inside Bunzel's- smells good, extremely clean, free samples of tasty meats and cheeses, and hot butchers serving up quality meat- DOUBLE SOLD!  I went in to purchase the meat deal of the month- for $20 I got a full chicken, 2 chicken patties, 3 Italian sausages, 3 pork chops 2 chicken breasts and 1 pound of ground chuck. Wait, did I just steal from Bunzel's because that's a whole lot of meat for $20.  I couldn't even get that much for my money at Taco Bell and at least I am pretty confidant that Bunzel's won't give me that "not so friendly feeling." Wish I could say the same for T.B   The butchers spent a good 10 minutes talking to me about the Brewers and George Michael, quite impressive that our conversation hit so many bases of awesomeness in such a short time.  This place really has a small mom and pop kind of feel and everyone that works there pretty much is your best friend the second you walk in the door.  My kind of place for sure!!!!!Got home and busted open the chicken breast for dinner- What?  A chicken breast larger than a toddlers hand that wasn't that weird grey color and wasn't covered in strange slim and gross nasty fat. TRIPLE SOLD.  Meat from larger chain grocery stores has forever creeped me out and has always been anything but appetizing.  The meat from Bunzel's was shockingly different- this is what meat is supposed to look and taste like!!!!
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,7/4/2013,42,146,2,4,3>Checked out Elephant Cafe last night, it is very close to my apartment so I ordered out. I ordered the Crying Tiger, which is a NY strip that comes with a few veggies and a delicious spicy,lime, soy type sauce and rice. It was fantastic, but it combined two of my most favorite flavors of sour and salty. The lady ordered the Pho, which was average, but still fine, even though the chicken was quite fatty. The inside is extremely clean, definitely will be back!
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,7/3/2013,26,85,2,7,3>The "All You Can Eat" genre is never a big draw for me; I can never eat enough to get my money's worth. Then tack on "sushi" to that phrase and I'm even more of a skeptic. So let me preface by saying that their maki/nigiri is made to order, not laying out on the buffet table, but being rolled freshly as you order. I came for lunch to make the most of my moolah and was pleasantly surprised by the decor and the size of the place, kinda narrow towards the front and blossoms out towards the back with seats at the sushi bar. The buffet itself is a smorgasbord of asian dishes like fried rice, teriyaki chicken, lemon chicken, tempura veggies, egg pies, wonton soup, salad with ginger dressing and a variety of fruits and small cakes for dessert.  One could easily go to town on this and be satisfied, but I was holding out for the sushi. The lunch selection is more limited than dinner and includes nigiri pieces, which are encumbered by big clumps of rice, rather than sashimi. My take is they want you to eat the rice to fill you up a bit. That being said, the sushi was pleasantly delicate and fresh, not superb, but good for the price. The volcano roll was my favorite. They state they charge for sushi not eaten if you overorder, so my advice would be order as you go, don't rush it.  Service was fine, I didn't feel hassled or judged for not eating all the rice from my nigiri orders. Overall take, totally worth it for lunch, probably worth it for dinner as well, but definitely worth a try.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,7/2/2013,14,75,2,6,4>I am giving this 5 stars, because it is the best bargain in the house. I can't think of many places where you can actually sit outside with an actual table, and get proper food while watching mlb baseball.The food is regular TGI Friday's but really on a nice summer day, nothing beats it. I rather have proper food then crap nachos for almost the same price In fact, you could buy the cheap seats all the way up in 400 and just come down for a significant portion of the game.People in Milwaukee are quite spoiled when it comes to the abundance of cheap sports options. Appreciate this one!Some limitations: Limited to 1 hour. So come during the middle of ball game before the 7th inning to maximize your time spent. By that time most of the tables will be emptied out from the first round of people eating before the game, or came during the 1st innings.Mininum $30 spend, which is really nothing considering how much alcohol. Thats like 2 drinks + an appetizer or two.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,7/1/2013,64,138,,8,6>I'm surprised by the range of ratings for my hometown hangout. I am a BIG Cafe Hollander fan, and love that I can almost always get a table with minimal to no wait and the food is delicious. Reasons I give it five stars: - Staff: super friendly and accommodating. On a recent date night there, my hubby and I mentioned offhand to the host that we "don't get out much" as new parents, and he later brought over a beer sampler for us to try so we could make the most of our night out. So nice!- Food: always yummy. I love their sweet potato fries just as much as I love the regular ones. It's a tough choice. Their brunch is where they excel, for sure, but I love their options for lunch and dinner, too. I'm sad they got rid of the Lion Burger recently, as I loved that one, but I recently tried their crispy pork entree and OMG - heaven. I always love the Mrs. Hollander and am a big fan of all the dips/sauces you can get for any item, especially the curry ketchup and the garlic aioli. YUM. - Atmosphere: they're always playing good tunes. Typically indie rock that makes me tap my toes. I love that they have a big, hip space with plenty of seating. On a recent Saturday night we had to wait 30 mins, but that's at peak time. Most of the time, it's 5 minutes or less on a given day. The outdoor patio area is gorgeous. Seating over a bridge. Seating right by a big fountain. Lovely. Love the Lowlands restaurants and especially love Cafe Hollander for being so kid friendly. We first brought our daughter there when she was five days old and have many times since. They are always very accommodating and there are usually plenty of other babies and kiddos there as well!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,6/30/2013,64,183,2,6,3>Cory and his staff have been heroes to us! His shop is like a parthenon for biking gods. Cory totally helped us out replacing our stolen bikes. He spent a generous amount time with us figuring out what bikes were suitable. Chase helped me pick out accessories more recently and I loved hearing about his recent bike treks. There is a lot of passion about biking around this place, and a LOT of expertise!
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,6/29/2013,26,423,,7,2>One of the best Italian places in the city!...  nice home made pasta, including daily ravoli specials.  Sauces are great, drinks are great....  everything amazing!  We were worried it looks a little stuffy but everyone was very friendly and accomodiating.  One of my favorites to visit on downtown dining week!
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,6/28/2013,43,51,1,7,7>High FIVE! I only needed to partake one time to know that this is my favorite restaurant, at least for now.  I love restaurants that have breads and spreads appetizers!  I love breads, especially when made in-house and are still warm!  And darn it, I love spreads!  They served a Door County cherry and apricot spread, a delicious hummus, and a creamy, cheesy, warm and melty one.  I was in carb HEAVEN!  My friends and I decided to share the appetizers and order one entree.  It was the perfect idea because good food is meant to be shared. We decided on the vegetarian option which was a pastry wrapped spaghetti squash covered in a cream sauce.  It was like eating the food version of winter.  Divine!The atmosphere is cozy and close knit.  I didn't mind that we were sitting directly in between two couples.  The one on the right was on a fancy date, and the one on the left was clearly annoyed by our inappropriate conversation.  That's how we roll.  So, be prepared to hear other people's conversations.  Why not jump in?
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,6/27/2013,12,42,,5,5>A Tuesday night date consisting of $2 pints of Riverwest Stein and creamy artichoke dip?  Sign me up!  I'll even excuse my man's resultant garlic breath.  Round out the meal with a flatbread, panini, or salad.  Oh, did I mention it's cheap and cozy?  Casual date night at it's best!  We'll certainly be back for more.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,6/26/2013,31,55,,4,3>Sad to say that Cudahy doesn't offer a lot of great options above the townie bar level. Not that it's short on great places to go just that you might not take a client or friend from out of town there. City Lounge is definitely a cut above the average Cudahy tavern. The decor is incredibly well done; an eclectic nod to the past. There's plenty of seating so you shouldn't have troubles getting a seat. The staff is very friendly and service always comes with a smile. The food is pretty good. Your typical bar fare but that's not a bad thing. The burgers come with the lettuce, tomatoes, etc. on the side. Ordering a burger and having to assemble it myself irks me (I can do that at home) but I'm sure some folks appreciate it. Food is served until bar close, which is a BIG plus in my book because we've all been drinking somewhere and suddenly decide that it's time to eat. No need to fret if the kitchen closes at 9 here.This place does have a DJ on some nights, which I don't care for. But during the week this is a great place to stop in for a burger and a beer.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,6/25/2013,53,78,2,3,3>Making the decision to put our kid in daycare a few days a week was literally one of the hardest things I have ever had to do in my life. This place has made it SO much easier. They have been SO good with our son and there is really nothing more valuable than that. We have gone an attachment parenting route and so it was a tough adjustment for our son to get used to daycare. His teachers (Miss Becca and Miss Amanda) were both SO wonderful at comforting him and helping him to adjust. I always feel SO good when I leave my son because I know he will be very well cared for. I can't speak for all of the teachers (hence the 4 stars instead of 5) but Miss Becca and Miss Amanda get 5 stars from this mom and dad. We have also found the cost to be very reasonable. Seriously love this place.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2011,6/19/2011,45,84,3,3,2>Barnacle Bud's is a place you go to for the atmosphere and to enjoy the great outdoor dining (although I'm sure it's not too bad to weather the winter either).  I hit there on one of the first really nice days of the "summer".  There was a wait to sit outside so we took seats at the oyster bar to kill time.  Cold Beer and fresh 1.50 oysters what more could you ask for.  The oysters are shucked in front of you and were very tasty.  The beer is your standard Milwaukee selection with Shlitz tall boys and a good selection of local drafts.  When we got a table i got the grouper fish fry.  The fish was good not outstanding but solid nonetheless.  The chowder was buttery and creamy and different from the typical New England you are use to at most restaurants.  I enjoyed the soup and it's large chunks of clam in it.  Overall I would give the food a 3 stars not crazy good, but quality, and I would give the atmosphere of Barnacle Buds a 5 thus the 4 stars overall.  This is definitely a great place to hit and drink the day away and watch the boats sail down the river.   I will be returning to Buds to enjoy the delicious oysters and good brews on a hot sconi summer day!
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2011,6/17/2011,2,12,,3,3>As a huge frozen yogurt fan, I was really excited about Yo Mama! coming to my hometown. Before this place opened up, I had to wait until a trip to Chicago to get some quality tart frozen yogurt. Born and raised a Wisconsin girl, I love custard as much as the next cheesehead but there's something special about frozen yogurt.My first trip was tonight and I'll definitely be returning! The price was reasonable ($6 for one small original tart w/ berries and one medium root beer w/ lots of toppings) and the yogurt was tart and tasty, just the way I like it!My only suggestion is that labels for the toppings would be nice. I had a moment or two where I wasn't sure what I was looking at but there were plenty of other choices and I was quite pleased with what I got.I have a feeling this place is going to become my regular post-work treat stop :)
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,6/16/2011,48,129,2,2,2>BEST. CHEESECAKE. EVERRRRRRR! The creaminess of the cheesecake, the perfect amount of raspberry, the perfect ganache topping ... TO DIE FOR.Worth every penny! End of story :)
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2011,6/15/2011,56,86,6,14,10>Club Timbuktu is the best place in MKE to shake a likkle ting to good reggae & dancehall music. Friday & Saturday nights, there's usually a DJ spinning or a band playing- usually an eclectic mix of African, Afro-Caribbean, Ska, Reggae, Afro-Cuban & Caribbean sound bands. If you can sit inside Timbuktu on those nights and somehow manage to NOT dance.....you're probably dead or undead, in which case you should really have that checked out by a doctor.  Timbuktu also regularly hosts daytime events with local West African dance/drum troupes that are family friendly. The rum punch will knock you out of your dancing shoes; go easy on 'em. They're delicious though! The bartenders are always friendly & the service is usually decent enough even in a large crowd. I've never eaten there, but my best friend eats here during the day frequently, & takes her kids there for lunch.I LOVE dancing here. On a good night, when the music is good, the dance floor is usually packed with people who love to dance too. My only complaint would be that sometimes there's a different DJ from week to week, & some of them play "regular" music that you might hear on urban radio...I loathe urban radio. I didn't come to hear that crap; I can hear that in any other bar in the city.But who could possibly be upset at anything when there's good reggae music playing? Certainly not I.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2011,6/14/2011,32,12,,2,2>Great German food, and one of my Favorite restaurants in Milwaukee (IMO much better than Maders).I have tried the majority of the menu, and have loved just about everything - the Bread Pudding is to die for, I know I will order it before I even get to the restaurant.{Downtown Dinning Week - one of the BEST values for this City Wide promotion at the beginning of summer - a full plate, and a choice of 3 actual menu items rather than a cheap menu special for the promotion.}The only downside it the room temperature - it's usually a little warm in there - dress light.(also the Bathrooms are not Handicap accessible - it's a VERY old business and grandfathered with the bathrooms upstairs, if this is a problem, the bar 'My Office' around the corner can accommodate a 'Toilet Break')Another awesome thing to mention is that all dinners are a 'full dinner' paired with all of your sides - you don't order your veggie and starch separately like at other local places.  This makes your bill about 30% cheaper when factored in...
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,6/13/2011,48,226,4,7,4>Well I am astonished that you can review an entire University but I guess anything goes on Yelp! I enjoy this campus very much! It is a cool mix between old and new from buildings built in the early 1900's to 1970's on the west part of campus to the newest including Lubar School Of Business and the Union. This school has a lot to offer and it is an excellent business school. The one thing that I have a problem with is how small the campus is compared to the amount of students that attend. Approx. 30,000 students for approx. 4 square blocks of campus..ness.... granted, UWM is mainly a commuter school it can get a bit much when your walking in a line of 100 people trying to rush to class when everyone else is taking their sweet old time... However, this campus is a great college to go to for this part of your life. It's located in one of the most diverse places in the country, and Milwaukee itself has a lot to offer to the students of UWM!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2011,6/12/2011,17,64,1,4,2>When we first walked in, it honestly smelled like Chuck E. Cheese's and the decor was just okay. So we decided to wait for a table on the patio. Best decision ever. The patio was great. It overlooked the river and we had a table right next to the water- the exact atmosphere we were looking for.My boyfriend and I were with another couple. We all shared the calamari appetizer, which was delicious. It came with some dipping sauce that I really enjoyed. They have a full bar and a great wine and beer list, too.For four of us, we ordered the "family sized" pizza, which ended up being the perfect size. The crust was thin and crispy, and the toppings were fresh. The menu offers dishes other than pizza as well, such as salads or sandwiches. The only reason I didn't rate this place as a five star restaurant is that our waitress was disappointing, to say the least. She was slamming plates around, took an extensive amount of time bringing us refills on our drinks, spilled water all over our table and didn't help to clean it up. When we mentioned our appetizer was delicious, she just looked back and kind of shrugged. Not the reaction I would give when working for tips. Overall, the food was great and so was the atmosphere. However, the service was not, and that makes a huge difference.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2010,6/11/2011,73,356,,7,7>For those of you wondering, Anaba is back open for tea, brunch and lunch service and will be opening for dinner very shortly.  If you're wondering if the tea menu is the same, fear not, it's still spectacular.  I took a small group for afternoon tea on Sunday and they were all impressed at the sandwiches, pastry and overall presentation.  I can't wait to come back and try dinner!  The renovations are very nice, they've added partitions near the bathroom, so it's a little more private, and also erected some walls around the space to make for a more intimate setting.  I really like the new tea/wine/sake counter they've added and am just really looking forward to how this place will be received as a newcomer to the night time dining in the area.  Support Anaba!  it's the best!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2011,6/10/2011,33,64,,3,4>Decent Mexican on this side of town (Germantown/Mequon).  Outdoor deck is nice in warmer weather, but the view is the parking lot.Yes, the bar is mostly margarita machines but they stick 2 tequila bottles worth of booze in them.  The "blue" one is the strongest of the bunch.From what I hear, it's because the locals requested stronger drinks.Gotta love Wisconsin!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2011,6/9/2011,43,8,,2,3>Colonel Hart's is the Cheers of Tosa Village.  You'll see, depending on the time of day and week everything from college students to families, as well as blue collar to professional, 20's to 80's.  Encapsulating everything that a good Wisconsin tavern should be, you can "come as you are" and never be out of place.  Weekends feature freshly made to order pizza for 1/2 price.  I also recommend Wednesday $1 mugs of Miller products from 2-8.  This is also a great place to watch Packers games, but get there early, it fills up fast!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,11/4/2013,87,301,,4,4>A year after first reviewing O'Brien's, I figured it was time for an update.  Still a great beer selection with a variety of standard and craft brews.  The bar staff continue to be friendly and efficient, managing crowds well.  The menu has a good variety of bar food, sandwiches, wraps, and burgers -- but you gotta get the giant tacos on Wednesday nights.  Giant indeed, delicious, and cheap - just the way a taco should be.  O'Brien's is great for groups with its widespread layout and movable tables.  The number of TVs make it a good place to catch sporting events, too.  I like this place, and I'll happily recommend it.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,11/3/2013,25,71,,6,4>How you will walk out of this place is really the mindset you walk in with. Do NOT expect soft candle light and aromatherapy, do not expect this placed to be decked out in cushy spa furniture, do not expect to be pampered like a princess.I definitely left Foot spa very relaxed and feeling refreshed. At 30 bucks an hour for a foot massage, I can't imagine a better deal anywhere else in the city. The place is run by a Chinese couple who are super nice. The whole placed was very dark and seemed like it was closed, but it was just very dim for the comfort of the clients. Our foot massage started off with a medicinal water foot soak while we got a scalp and arm/hand massage. Then focus was placed on the feet, I think I probably fell asleep! Then I got a very relaxing deep tissue back and leg massage as well, which was unexpected but very much welcome.Also note, though they do a massage of the back, they do not ask you to undress so dont show up with a big fluffy vest.All in all a good experience, will be going back.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,11/2/2013,47,107,,4,4>Best Italian I've had in Milwaukee, in every conceivable way.I went to Tenuta's a few days ago with my sister, brother-in-law, and my dad. Between the 4 of us we ordered the Bruschetta, Rapini, Gnoocchi alla Vodka, Cod with beer batter sauce, and the dinner special (rib tips with vegetables, potatoes, and a brown sauce)The atmosphere was relaxing, friendly, and as classy as you could expect with the seating around a full bar. Table space is a little limited. My entire family hovers around 6'2-6'6, so were a little strapped for leg room. The lightening is dim but not to the point where you can't see who you are talking to, and the staff could not be more friendly.Onto the food. Before discussing each item in greater detail, I have to commend Tenuta's on nailing the portion sizes, Everything came in the EXACT right amount. Not a single bite was left on our plates, but even more impressively there was never a moment when we had too much of one item on our plate and not enough of something to go with it. (ex. too much meat, not enough vegetable). A lot of Italian places confuse quality with quantity, sending you home gorged and feeling sick. Not Tenuta's.Food:Bruschetta:  4 slices of semi-soft bread ~6" long, little toasted with Tomato, Onion, Garlic, and Basil. Now Bruschetta is made or broken by your choice of bread and tomato. The bread here was perfect, soft but not too chewy and the tomato could not have been more fresh. Those two factors coupled with just the right amount of basil, garlic and onion leave you with an appetizer that will make you say "Wow". Beef Tips: I'll need to do some investigating on what the brown sauce was, because whatever it was it took this dish to a whole other crazy delicious taste bud heaven type level. All I can say was it was a light, almost bitter (for lack of a better word) vinaigrette. The meat was PERFECTLY tender, so tender you could peel it apart with your fork. The vegetable (corn and carrots), also perfectly cooked...hitting that perfect balance between too firm and too soft. Gnocchi a la Vodka: Some of the best Gnocchi I've ever had. Vodka cream sauce and spicy italian sausage. Graffito used to hold that title of best Gnocchi, but no more. Tenuta's has OUSTED Graffito...kicked it to the curb. Perfectly cooked and the sauce was a light and lasting compliment. Beautifully done. Rapini: Italian sausage, broccoli rabe, algio olio sauce, crushed red pepper and spaghetti. The flavors here are something I find impossible to describe. People sensitive to spicy food like myself can really appreciate that distinction between heat and flavor. I don't like when things just..burn the whole inside of your face...nothing enjoyable about that. But when something is perfectly spicy like this Italian sausage, there's nothing like it. Great dish.Cod: The Cod was remarkable. Light breaded, just enough to add texture, but not so much as to overwhelm the flavor of the fish. And the beer batter was probably the best I've ever had. I'm going to need that recipe for everything food I eat ever again. Delicious. DessertChocolate Chip Cannoli: Not my favorite dessert, but I know enough about it to know that if you normally like cannolis, you'll love this. Homemade Tiramisu: BIG dessert. Enough to share between two if you choice. It was heavier on the breading than I'm used to. Could definitely have used a little more cream and a little more coffee. Overall this place was amazing. Way way better than I could have hoped for. Can't wait to go back.EDIT: I forgot to mention this until I read Rachel F.'s review. Your service is unbelievably good. Everytime I've been here I've had different servers and they've all always been so cheerful, knowledgable, and attentive. If all that was on the menu was lunchables and flat beer, and I'd still come to Tenuta's just for the ervice.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2013,11/1/2013,65,128,1,7,6>I went here soon after they first opened. I liked my meal but was not super impressed. Today changed a 3 star review into a 5 star review. I took the two little ones on a "date night". I figured this place was safe since they served breakfast all day and my little ones love pancakes. 7 yr old daughter had a blueberry pancake, a side of scrambled egg, and a breakfast sausage. The pancake was as big as the plate! The blueberries were fresh and not those fake frozen pieces. She loved the egg and told me that the sausage was the best ever! (I tried it. She was not exaggerating very much at all!) 4 year old son had the chocolate chip pancakes. They sure don't spare the chocolate! He loved them!Since I'm not much of a breakfast eater I had the rib-eye steak sandwich. This was a real steak with mushrooms, onions, peppers, pepper-jack cheese, and a side of the special horsey sauce. The sandwich was loaded with wonderful flavors. But don't forget the fries! Crisp and meaty with a delicious seasoning that I couldn't quite figure out. I do know that my daughter couldn't stop sharing them! Add on very pleasant and attentive service and you get a winning combination that has me looking forward to going back.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,10/31/2013,46,552,,4,3>If you read my reviews you know I'm a huge fan of Stone Creek Coffee.  This is thier 10th cafe in the area and by far my fave!!!  Being co-located with Radio Milwaukee is going to be huge.  There's a sweet stage in the room next door, nice fire pits outside, and of course excellent coffee (I expect this because it's Stone Creek and thier quality always rocks) but with a twist... each cup is being hand brewed in various fancy ways.  Added bonus is that they are serving a limited selection of beer and wine after 3pm. Coffee: Individually made in various ways.  No regular espresso?Food: Yummy pastries (only)Vibe: modern and airyWiFi: yesPlugs: not sureSoy Out?: No. But no hassle when requesting it.Score: Live music potential and beer/wine in the evening.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,10/30/2013,28,46,3,3,3>Closed as of 4/14. Too bad. Good beer. Its that simple. Are you thirsty? Do you want to sit down and have a beer. Do you like beer, but don't want to over think it. Come to Big Bay. They have 5 beers on tap, thats it. Need a good beer, have the amber. Are you going kick back a few? Go with the kolsch. Its a session beer designed for warmer weather. There are three other beers, but you get the idea. Don't feel like drinking at the bar, but want a good beer? No worries. The folks at Big Bay will put your beer in a bag and you can drink it at home. Amazing.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,10/29/2013,50,94,,6,3>This place was so much better than what I was expecting. I have been to the cheese shop several times, but I finally ventured over to the tap room. I went on a weekday for lunch with an out of town guest and it was perfect. They have a ton of WI beers on tap and the best selection of cheese I've ever seen. We ordered a cheese plate, a salami plate (which was huge!) and a grilled cheese. Everything was delicious- the ham that was on my grilled cheese was amazing! The prices here are very reasonable- for everything we ordered and 4 beers it was right around $40 with tip.This is a perfect place to show off some amazing WI products. I can't wait to try another of their grilled cheese!
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,10/28/2013,73,181,,6,5>Wow, this four-five block drag of North Ave is home to several of my favorite spots in town (Ono, Rocket Baby's and Cranky Al's), and Cosmos is one of them.  The food represents an excellent value.  You get a ton of it, and it's all delicious!  Most of the time, I opt for the Mediterranean salad topped with gyro meat.  The salad is enough to feed two people or one hungry savage like myself.  I also sometimes order the avgolemono soup whenever available.  Everything's homemade, which is rare these days with Greek restaurants.  Sure, the food's great, but it's the people that really make Cosmos.  The restaurant's run by a super nice family.  Rain or shine, I'm always guaranteed a smile and friendly service whenever I drop by.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,10/27/2013,477,209,8,18,13>It all started with a tweet. I was looking into c1880 when I landed on their twitter page. Right away, I noticed they used a Chemex Coffee Maker, which made me miss mine. It's still packed and being shipped from Los Angeles. Chemex is amazing. I tweeted @circa1880, and the rest is history.Right when we walked inside and I gave my name, the dapper gentleman at the door, Josh, remembered me right away from said tweet.  That kind of personal touch was just the start of a truly spectacular dinner. As we sat and ordered drinks, our server (I can't remember your name, but you were the sweetest!) came to discuss the dinner menu with us.  Although the Foie Gras was speaking my language (and also very hard to get where we come from since most restaurants in Los Angeles stopped serving it - long story), we decided on the Crab for appetizer and Short Ribs for our Main Course. The Crab arrived and although the portion may look small, it was easily shared between myself and my girlfriend. You never fully understand how complimentary a fruit like cantaloupe can be until you've had it prepared the way Circa does. I could not stop eating it. Bits of serrano and macadamia nut were just the finishing touches it needed. In between our appetizer and main course, word traveled to the kitchen that we had come to enjoy a coffee later that evening, and the chef sent us a dish to our table: Cucumber Gazpacho.  Now, I have never really had a gazpacho soup before, but I have to say this was such a surprise.  The flavors of the yogurt nestled at the bottom mixed with the melon and ham...Let's just say my first gazpacho experience did not disappoint (Thank you, Chef!!)! Our main course, the Short Rib...I think I could have sat there and eaten it all night. Those giant beans (described by our server as silky) were velvet smooth. I have never had a bean like that.  The short ribs were tender and cooked perfectly. Really: Get the Short Rib. After the main course and before dessert, we were brought a watermelon soda as a palate cleanser. A very nice touch. And now: The aforementioned Chemex Coffee and a dessert of Whatchamacallit: Chocolate ganache, peanuts, caramel with two modest spoon fulls of ice cream...I was in heaven. We noted that the dessert was dangerous, you really can't stop yourself from eating the entire thing. We asked to meet the Chef and he came out to see us. So: Thank you Chef Hauck, your dishes and restaurant was a great "First Dinner in Milwaukee" experience. We could not have asked for better.  Your generosity and your lovely staff will have us back in again, soon. Thank you to Josh, the "jack of all trades GM," the personalized touches you infused into our time dining at Circa gave our dinner bonus points, and to our server who came to check on us often and answer all of our questions, you were very awesome and knowledgeable about the entire menu. Thank you, Circa!!!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,10/26/2013,66,228,4,8,6>Hooray for cheese! Especially cheese made right downtown in Milwaukee..Matt, V, and I wandered to the shadow of the clock(tower) on a recent weekend to redeem our Living Social deal for a tour of the chees-ery. Located kitty-corner from the Milwaukee Brewing Company, we vowed to one day return for cheese AND a beer tour all in one. The employees working at Clock Shadow were friendly and helpful and we learned a lot! The tour was not so much a tour of the facility, but an informational time learning about how cheese is made, the history of this creamery and all about their current production. We scheduled ours kind of early and we were the only ones on the tour! If you decide to schedule a tour, I'd recommend going with a big group of friends so everyone can bring their own cheese questions. At the end of the tour we got to munch on our cheese curds and survey the cheese for sale in the shop.Turns out they share the space with Purple Door Ice Cream, and we also got to sample a mini-cone of this amazingness. I tried the salted caramel (unbelievably good), V got the vanilla, and Matt tried the Kinnickinnic Whiskey ice cream, which combines whiskey of the same name from Great Lake's Distillery and their cream base to form something delicious. We ended up buying a pint of that when all was said and done.Let's go support our local creamery and buy a wheel of cheese today. :-)
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,8/10/2011,38,83,,3,2>I always have a soft spot in my heart for Botanas. I've never had a bad experience dining here. Not once in years of patronizing their establishment. My family lives nearby so we go there fairly often. I love their seafood options as well as their vegetarian dishes (even though I sometimes wish there were more!). Here are some of my favorites: fish tacos, seafood enchiladas, camarones alla princessa, tequila shrimp, chilaquiles and their quesadillas. It's all good.The service is always great and the food comes out so fast you'll be shocked. You won't be disappointed. Go now!
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,8/9/2011,20,147,9,3,4>El Rey is a very beautiful thing. It's almost like going on vacation while your only minutes away from where you live. The selection overwhelms me as I'm not up to speed with cooking most of the things I enjoy eating. I honestly think finding a recipe or two before going to El Rey the next time would make for a more enlightening experience. This trip I left with only guacamole, pico de gallo, and a Limon Jarritos. That was enough to put a smile on my face though.Didn't get to experience the maggots and rude customer service others reported though. I'll smoke more crack before pulling in the lot next time?
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2011,8/7/2011,48,58,8,5,4>Things you should know before you step foot in Boswell book companyLets start with the ugly stuff:1.) Boswell book company is connected to a Starbucks and even shares their bathroom.2.)Their decor is the result of a one-night stand between a borders and a kindergarten classroom.3.) Most of their newer books are per-it-ee expensive; Like list-price expensive.Alright, if you're still here with me, this is the part where it gets better:1.) They have a selection of used books integrated with new books and you can find some pretty solid deals. (Don DeLillo's Underworld for $2, C.S Lewis' Screwtape letters for $1) 2.) Their staff actually reads books and you can tell by the novels they decide to showcase. They don't just mirror Oprah's book club and then call it a day like some other places. (Downtown books, I'm looking in YOUR direction.)3.) The selection is excellent and caters to every type of reader. Whether you are a Nihilist searching for something by Nietzsche, or just a teenage girl looking to get wet from the next Nicholas Sparks "novel", they got it.4.) They are one of the few in Milwaukee that actually hosts events worth attending. (book signings, etc.)I award them Four Orange stars! Bravo!
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2011,8/6/2011,8,114,,3,2>I was invited out to lunch with some co-workers for a grab and go lunch recently and the destination was The Uncanny Soup.  They're located inside the gaslight building.It is a small cute soup and sandwich shop popular with the office crowd at the USBank building and NWM that offers up a special sandwich of the day for $5 (examples include rosemary pork and meatball) and a plethora of soup options in different sizes (daily specials, baked potato, 13 Spice Jambalaya, chicken veggie, chicken w/wild rice--plus many many more).  The menu changes daily so expect a few surprises.Service has always been very friendly and first rate.As for the food, its a great value and is typically very good.  I mean $5 for a heaping load of pork on a sandwich is pretty tough to beat downtown!Bottom line is that I will return.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,8/5/2011,41,76,,9,7>Talk about topnotch customer service. I'm so glad I'm the first person to do a review on this store. I went to Sendiks last week to pick up just a few items. At the time, it was about all I could handle. The reason for that is... I was on crutches and in a walking boot, which could only be lightly walked on. I'm already embarrassed enough because I can only push the cart a foot ahead of me at a time then catch up and do it all over again. I would have waited until I was off crutches but I was literally out of things to drink at home & was in desperate need of fluids. So here I am, looking like a goof pushing this cart that's wheels weren't fixed properly. It would turn to the right every time I pushed it. I made it about 5 yards when I saw the lady at the customer service booth tell one of the young baggers to go help that man. The young boy who was 16, but looked like he was 12, he came over and said, "I can help you sir." He was very courteous and allowed me take my time around this very nice grocery store.  I decided to check out the hot foods in the back. They always have a great selection of foods ready for you to eat. On the way back to the hot foods, you past their incredible wine/liquor display.  It always makes me want to have a drink but I resisted.  I would grab the item I needed and the young boy would put it in the cart for me. He even told me he was happy to help and to take my time, which was great to hear seeing how I had no choice but to go slow. After I found the 4 or 5 items I needed we headed to the checkout.  He was called to do another job, so they had another young kid to assist me to the car. I waited until I saw the boy again to offer him a tip, he definitely deserved one. Instead of taking it he said no. He told me thank you and the tip is really not necessary. I ended up tipping the kid who helped me to the car, but I felt bad I couldn't convince the other kid to accept one. I will definitely go back and I have a nice surprise for him. Sendiks is a very classy place. The prices may be a little higher here but service is great and the place is very clean. Check it out!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,8/4/2011,296,1325,17,8,13>Top 10 Reasons MPM is Awesome:1. Hosts Food & Froth. If you haven't done this event, you should. If you have, you know what I'm talking about.2. Streets if Old Milwaukee - natch. You've got Grandmas House, the candy store and the sometimes open theater.3. The slightly voyeuristic thrill of peeking in houses in the European Village (along with the incredibly outdated concept of what a European house might look like)4. The Rattlesnake button - oh yeah!5.On the 2nd floor there is a diorama detailing the fur trade entitled "the quest for beaver"....my inner 12 year old boy is still snickering6. The igloo!!7. The cheesy dinosaur area, complete with sound effects that sometimes work.8. On floor 3, there is a diorama of a girl with a lot of "back" - leading to fun photo ops.9. Sticking your head in the skull rack on the 3rd floor for pictures10. The fact that almost nothing has changed since I was a kid (except my maturity level which has NOT improved). I guess you can go home again.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2010,8/3/2011,26,23,5,4,4>Many times I feel like I'm living in a black-hole, devoid of any good restaurants here in Cudahy. But let me tell you, I've found my saving grace. The Bangkok House is a great little Thai Restaurant located in the Whitnall Plaza just off of Layton Ave in St. Francis. The staff is always friendly, the food is always fresh & tasty and it's just a slight jog from my house. On many occasions I've called in an order to for pickup and it's done well before they told me it would be. Lovely!The Bangkok House lunch buffet is by far my favorite. This afternoon buffet is a great way to sample foods you wouldn't normally order. I recommend the Drunk Man Noodles with either chicken or beef. Their dinner menu is extensive with great, traditional Thai dishes that come in huge portions. Thank goodness for this because they're not open for breakfast...and I like my leftovers for breakfast. This wonderful establishment has given my husband and I a new catch phrase, "The Thai High." The Thai High happens when your taste-buds are overloaded with "yum" which puts you into a food coma. There's something euphoric about eating these scrumptious little Thai delicacies. Go there. Go now! Thank me later.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,8/2/2011,146,306,9,6,3>Hey-O!! A day without baseball for me is like a day without beer, one not worth living! Before this park was built, I was perfectly content with "Country" Stadium. It didn't matter to me so much what the stadium was like as long as what was going on on the field was good, but when I was growing up, the Brewers rocked. I can remember many times from 1982 on, taking the #15 bus from Cudahy with my Mom down to Wisconsin Ave and transferring to the #10 bus out to the stadium. Some of my most cherished childhood memories are associated with the Brewers and the old stadium. That all changed in 2000 when Miller Park really began to grown out in right-center. It all came together for me on Sept 27, 2000, the last home game ever played in the old park. We were tailgating in the preferred lot just west of the County Stadium. We were able to see the new park with its finished exterior right next to the old stadium. Wow, what a difference. County Stadium looked like a tin shack (which it was) when compared to the new Stadium. That was it for me, I never lamented the old Stadium after that. You can understand why Cubs fans have adopted Miller Park as their "alternate home stadium." First of all, I've been to Wrigley. It's a toilet. Second of all, its filled with Cubs fans. Say no more about that. Miller Park has something for everyone, and a lot of it. I won't even go into the obvious choices such as the beer and the brats. Anyone from Wisconsin knows that you can't swing a dead cat in this town without someone offering you beer and some type of encased-meat goodness. Its all the other things: Tons of parking for tailgating (try that at Wrigley!), tons of shuttle-bus options (go with McGuinn's on Bluemound), Great open seating areas all around the stadium's MANY concession areas, bathrooms a plenty, Sausage Races (always bet on Hot Dog #4), The Iceman, Fast-Pitch Radar gun behind sec. 208, and lots of diversions for the kiddies. I will admit to there being a rise in douche-bag drunk college age kids prior to last year. I haven't seen a lot of that yet this year, and last year there were already less than the year before. Maybe that explains the drop in attendance. That's fine with me. That just means that the line for Catus-Leauge Nachos won't be so long! GO BREWERS!!!
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,8/1/2011,76,73,3,3,4>There are few things that I will eat that I am totally allergic to. Being gluten free, there are A LOT of things I can't eat. So why do I time and time again punish myself by doing so? One little wonton wrapped wonder. SAZ'S MOZZ STICKS. There are few things in this world as great as them. The Marinara is KEY in the consumption of these little babies and you can never go to heavy on the sauce.Saz's also makes their BBQ sauce Gluten Free Friendly, which gets a smile from me any day. They have great ribs too! Their pulled meats (chx and pork) sliders are also a favorite. Cheese curds, Chive Fries are also on the list of things you must try.Lucky for you if you are unable or unwilling to make it to their Tosa location off State Street, they dominate all area festivals.GET IN THERE!
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2011,7/31/2011,66,76,3,4,4>Who doesn't like a good pastry? And I am not talking the air filled doughnuts you find at some of these chain places. I mean REAL pastries.Sublime. In a utopian world, Grebe's would be the only bakery allowed to serve their sweet treats. I grew up in a small town with a small town bakery in it. They had great doughnuts there, but these - these blow the home down place out of the water!You don't often find a place like this anymore, especially with all the chains now. What you will find here are some of the most filling and tasty doughnuts around. And when it comes to substance, these are what you want. For the same price as the skimpy air filled doughnuts of some other places, you get some great, dense, filling doughnuts. Plus, order 12 and get a baker's dozen!Oh, and when it comes to getting all the doughnuts - the staff here are real pros at keeping track of how many doughnuts are in your order already! They are very patient when you work through your selection... if you are anything like me - it can be a little stressful making the right selections!To make things go more smoothly on busy days, they have a ticket system in place. Even when it is packed here, they seem to keep things moving along at a pretty quick pace!Stop in and enjoy some good ol' pastries from here!
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,2/22/2011,54,18,3,3,2>I haven't been to this place (only reason I can't give a 5th star), but I just had one of their cupcakes and sweet baby Jesus, YUM! It was a chocolate peanut butter cup cupcake and it was fantastic. Lots of frosting, which I love. Cakey portion was delightful - moist but not greasy, and it was chocolate with peanut butter portions in it. Most cupcakes tend to rely only on their frosting for that "PB cup" or "snickers" bit that makes it more interesting that plain old chocolate. And the frosting was amazing - not too sugary (some frostings actually make my teeth hurt as I'm eating - not this one), LOTS of flavor, rich without being overwhelming. And the cupcake was a normal size, not ginormous. There are 9 more cupcakes left in the conference room.  I'll be back.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,2/21/2011,117,150,7,7,5>This place is Tiki-riffic! And in my back yard!Foundation's popularity has exploded in the past couple years, which is both good and bad. The good is that a Riverwest staple is gaining city-wide recognition and exposure. The bad is that our neighborhood gem is now almost completely packed every night of the week! That being said, this is still THE place to order fun and exotic drinks, or enjoy nice cheap beer and cocktails.There is usually a DJ spinning anything from surf music, to doo-wop, or good ol' rock n' roll. You can even catch a live show here every once in a while-- with real live hula dancing! The bartenders are some of the best, and they like to get to know their patrons.There is a pool table, Silver Strike bowling, and a pinball machine.You can get pizza here too, served until 1am.I was gonna post this review without even saying anything about the decor, because I'm not sure I possess the verbal acuity to properly express it. It's like a giant whale devoured a sea-side town, and then totally barfed it all over this place...but totally in a good way! It's really cool, trust me.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2010,2/20/2011,313,188,6,5,2>these people are not lying, the absolute best spinach artichoke dip you will have in your entire life... its got a nice little kick to it, and it is served with fresh toasted bread... i loved this stuff so much i wanted to take it out behind the middle school and get it pregnant.... there wine and beer list is quite extensive... very nice bottled and tap beers. the sandwiches are amazing. i had the italian and changed to chibatta bread. it got better with each bite... i really just loved the overall decor as well, it is in an old house over in river west. everything about this place inside and out made me feel like i was back in williamsburg or greenpoint brooklyn... love love loved it.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2010,2/19/2011,90,490,8,8,5>How this bookstore is different from Borders:Their employees read books.  A lot.The employees can help you find a specific book without a computer.The employees can make informed suggestions.They know which books and authors won which literary awards.They sort and divide the books up into sensible categories and genres.They have a wide variety of talented authors visit for book signings, these authors don't seem to be chosen by Oprah or the Satanic mass media mega-corporations.Whoever orders the books must listen to NPR frequently and regularly.They have various interesting book clubs meeting there.The interior is inviting, comfortable, and not identical to any other store.There isn't a lot of parking around the store. How this store is similar to Borders:It has a Starbucks.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2010,2/18/2011,172,484,3,6,2>This place is simply incredible. They have just about everything you could possibly need in stock, and what they don't have they will order for you. They were extremely helpful. I think the first time I went in I had four different people at least ask if I needed help, and one of them even took my list and walked around with me to find everything I needed. Extra kudos go to Ken for helping me put together my mash tun, and by helping me I pretty much mean doing it nearly entirely while I watched.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2011,2/17/2011,51,147,2,6,2>Ambiance:It is so intimate and cozy & warm here. It feels like the restaurant is wrapping it's arms around you and giving you a hug. Its tiny but that plays well to it's over all feel. Upon entering the restaurant the first room you encounter comprises of a small sitting area with four nice leather lounge chairs and a small ottoman arranged around a faux fire place. I could have sat in that little area all night and been as happy as a clam. The main dining room has a mere four pub style tables. Because it's so small it tends to get pretty loud in there making it difficult to converse with your dining companion(s) at times. The lighting in the dining room versus the bar area is very bright, & it loses that warm glow. Each of the four tables has an electric flat top burner imbedded into it where they place the pots of the fondue and heat it up right there on your table. Beverages:A decent size wine list as well as a slew of yummy sounding specialty martinis. I want to come back to try a few of the martinis, especially the Passion Fruit Puree. It sounded delish. We had a bottle of the Reisling.Food:Ding Ding! The main event. While the theme to this place is fondue they did have a number of non-fondue options. We however felt we should go with what they probably do best.Classic Swiss Fondue: As mentioned above they "cook" everything on your table top. A pot filled with white wine was brought  and allowed to heat. Once that was brought to temperature the server brought out a big bowl of shredded cheese & seasonings which she then added to the wine stirred around and the covered so it would melt. Oh! How cruel to be sitting 5 inches from cheesy manna & have to patiently wait for it to melt. But huzzah! It did & our patience was rewarded with a gooey, creamy, sublime fondue. The dippers that it came with were bread cubes, baby carrots & celery. While neither of us really like celery we did find it to be one of the more perfect vessels for scooping up copious amounts of golden cheese on your little fork. We simply devoured this Main Course Fondue: There were three entrée fondue choices, all seafood, all meat, & a mixture of the two. We opted for the mixture. The waitress once again brought out a new pot to heat up on our table top. This one had broth in it. In any case our "dippers" consisted of gorgeous pink pieces of Ahi Tuna, lovely chunks of chicken breast, a beautiful lobster tail & finally perfectly marbled pieces of beef. We also got a small plate of grape tomatoes & celery. Each meat had its own dipping sauce to compliment it. Tuna= soy wasabi, Chicken=honey mustard, Beef=red wine bleu cheese, Lobster=garlic butter sauce. The quality of each of the meats was top notch, all were fresh & firm with good color. The waitress gave us cooking times for each of the  meats &  we commenced to skewer, cook, dip and devour to our hearts content.  The lobster with the garlic butter was amazing. The sauce was highly flavored & rich. At one point after all the lobster was gone I think I actually picked up the little container and just started drinking it. I say maybe because things got fuzzy at this point of the night due to all the copious amounts of wine I had consumed. The tuna was wonderful, I cooked my pieces to rare and the soy-wasabi sauce was the perfect companion. Again the tuna meat was extremely fresh, firm and of high quality, nice flavor. The chicken was good, cooking it in the broth kept the morsels tender and juicy and the honey mustard sauce was excellent. I probably could have eaten it with a spoon. Finally the beef, my personal favorite. It had really good marbling and was so flavorful. Again I cooked mine to rare and I couldn't have been more pleased with the flavor of the meat. The Bleu Cheese & Red Wine sauce was a little lack luster for me. It was really thin and the red wine didn't really come through, but this is such a minor point compared to everything else.Staff: Both the bartender & our waitress worked our table, they may have been the owner(s) so I mean no insult by referring to them simply as the bartender/waitress if they are. Both were extremely nice. The waitress was so pleasant to chat with & genuine, a most important trait. She made us feel welcome, like we were over at a friend's house having dinner. Pointers: If you go to restaurant.com they often offer gift certificates to this place. I highly recommend picking one up and going. Also, call ahead for a table. As mentioned above there are only four!  The other thing I would like to mention is don't come here looking to eat quickly and get on your way. August Weber Haus is truly about the fondue experience and as such you are served as a  leisurely yet perfect pace. Keep in mind they bring and cook everything right at your table and perfection tends to take a little longer than say, TGIF's.  Set aside two hours come here, relax and enjoy a long night of culinary pleasures, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,2/16/2011,191,157,8,6,3>I am a die-hard Carnivore, and I was sure that "Beans" and "Barley" were exactly what I didn't want to eat for any meal of the day.They've proved me wrong...I can eat Beans and Barley...especially when you add meat to it. ;-)--The Good--TUNA MELT: think "healthy" - it's not your average, greasy, melted cheese combo. That's actually what I was craving when I ordered this, but I was pleasantly surprised by how tasty a non-buttered bread could be. (Could've used some more melty-cheesiness though.)TURKEY MEATBALL SANDWICH: the hubs loved the bread, and the whole combo was right up his alley.SWEET POTATO/BEANS BURRITO: I usually add meat though, cuz it makes it THAT much better.QUICHE of the DAY: I've had this 2x and they've both been satisfyingJUICE: Try the carrot/apple/beet combo. I feel healthier just thinking about it. --The kinda Bad--KEY LIME PIE: I know that it's a "staple" and that JS wrote a lil piece on it, but it was a little rich for me. Pretty good flavor, although some bites were too sweet and others were too tart. "INDIAN" COLESLAW: Absolutely nothing "Indian" about it. It was actually really bland. Should've brought my own curry powder. --The Ugly--Yo' FACE! (j/k)This place is cool, but I think it'd be just as catchy to call it "Meat and Barley."  Think about it...
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,2/15/2011,273,26,2,14,5>The first thing you'll notice about INdustri Cafe is the vibe.   Low key and comfortable, with a staff that aims to please.   The rustic hardwood floors, comfortable chairs and modern lofted dining area contribute to the overall feel of the space -- which just begs you to linger and relax.And the cuisine?  It's comfort food with a twist.   You'll find everything from a classic monte-cristo sandwich and corned beef hash to mouthwatering higher end offerings like surf & turf and applewood bacon wrapped scalloops.When we visited, I sampled the "holiday" duck breast -- figuring that would be a good gauge by which to judge how well this new spot was doing.  The duck breast itself was deliciously tender cooked perfectly medium rare.  It was perfectly seasoned and perched against a hearty serving of delicious artichoke, duck sausage, and wild mushroom dressing. The apple-bourbon and craisin reduction was the perfect foil for the richness of the duck. And it didn't detract from the lusciously earthy flavors in the stuffing.For dessert, I tried the INdustri white parsnip cake, which turned out to be some of the best cake I've had in a restaurant in a long while.  Fresh parsnips stand in for the normal carrots in this moist, spice-infused cake.  The frosting, which was infused with cardamom and the essence of mandarin oranges, provided a refreshing sweetness that wasn't overpowering.INdustri seems genuinely committed to giving their customers a fantastic dining experience.   Even better is their commitment to sourcing local ingredients & serving seasonal dishes.  As members of Braise, a Milwaukee restaurant supported agriculture program, INdustri has the best of local produce & meats at their disposal.  And their commitment to quality shows in their menu offerings, which include locally procured Door County cherries, a selection of primo Wisconsin cheeses,  Nueske's bacon, and dessert selections from Cold Spoons gelato & sorbetto.  Even the bar turns out some of the best in local offerings, featuring plenty of local craft brews and locally distilled rum, gin, and vodka. House-infused Rehorst vodka plays a starring role in many of their specialty cocktails.Robert Klemm and his buddy Chris Miller have a great vision for this place, and I wish them well. Can't wait to see more of what they can do!
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2010,2/14/2011,65,128,4,8,4>The power of Yelp is amazing.  No I'm sorry.  That might be a little bit of an exaggeration.  But who would have thought that one little lonely Yelp review like the last one I gave to Cafe Lulu would actually cause one of the owners to take action?  It is true that I had two unhappy experiences in a row which led me to yelp the stories.  Soon after I received a message from one of the owners wanting to know more info so any problems could be dealt with and also asking if I would take a gift certificate to Lulu (if I wanted to give it another chance) or to Juniper 61 (if I was through with Lulu for good.)  I was actually a little blown away by this.  To me that showed an owner who was full of pride in the restaurant and was truly upset at bad experiences I had there.  And even though I said I would be willing to give Lulu one more chance I received gift certificates to both restaurants with a personal letter thanking me for sharing what little info I had about the bad experiences.So yes I gave Lulu another chance and yes it was a very good experience.  We had two different hamburgers and they were done exactly the way we like them.  The chips were perfect.  It was the first time I took my 3 year old and she loved it.  Also our waitress was quick and friendly without being too much of anything.  She was just really good.It's really nice to know that a place that I always loved to go to really hasn't changed.  It's still a great place with great food.  5 stars for going out of their way to win me back and for just being a great place that Milwaukee can count on for good food and good service.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2011,9/19/2011,26,423,2,5,4>Fascinating garden in the city!...  amazing to see how these old greenhouses were transformmed to grow greens and raise fish.  They've expanded to growing mushrooms, hydorponic tomatoes and are even raising some animals.  The compost is fascinating how they use it to generate electricity.  They sell their worm compost, along with produce they grow and a small selection of groceries.  Tour is great, try to hold out for when Will Allen is available for it!...  all the staff there is great, but he's my hero!  And don't forget the sunflower sprouts, they are the best!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2010,9/18/2011,172,484,6,5,3>The place makes some pretty darn good coffee.They also make some pretty good soup. I like the Broccoli Cheddar best. They also make some pretty good sandwiches and wraps (most of which are vegetarian/vegan friendly). I like the Spinach Provolone wrap best. There are a lot of hipsters, but they generally aren't douchebags, and I have only heard an employee call a customer a dick once, and it was under his breathe and the guy had it coming so it doesn't count.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,9/17/2011,126,304,4,5,3>This is by far my favorite Alterra. I feel like the owners finally got the memo that Alterra gets busy and they need space!! There is plenty of seating (I was there on a Saturday afternoon with no problems, at other Alterra's this is nearly impossible....I'm looking at you Bayshore) and more of a loungy feel which is cool! I ordered the Veggie Breakfast Burrito and it was stuffed with sweet potatoes, rice and tons of veggies. I was surprised with the great flavor!! I have tried many things on their menu- they do run specials too- and all are delicious. The drinks?  Well, I think that anything Alterra does is good- from the Sport-tea to the Bull Frog to the plain ol' cup of Joe.The outside patio is very accommodating, with again ample seating and huge umbrellas to shade you from the intense sunshine. Dogs are welcome but cig smokers are not- they are told to go for a walk. There was a sign that said: No Cussing No Guns No Smoking Anyway, I am happy with the new addition of this larger Alterra on Oakland, I will surely be back soon.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,9/16/2011,693,706,10,9,11>Psst. Gee Willickers Saloon is ovr by derr on da corner. Hidden on the corner in a residential area. Security has improved so don't be worried, when you try to open the door and its locked.  Just wait a second the bartender will buzz you in.  In fact, Randy lives upstairs.  A little local tavern with all the dive bar essentials. Chips clipped to the wall, Christmas lights, Old style bar stools, juke box, cheap drinks, comforts of not changing or don't fix unless it's broken, neon signs, and a pool table, and darts. Service is good, but not hurried. Just like home. Ahhhhh.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,9/15/2011,51,147,6,7,4>Ambiance: Rustic charm. Exposed pipes and beams, distressed exposed brick and wooden floors. Low lighting. Very cozy and intimate feel.Beverages: Pretty much anything you could want. Fully stocked bar. They pour a generous glass of Prosecco. Yum.Food: All the options on the menu sounded amazing and delicious. It was difficult to whittle down my options. I decided to go with the Filet of Beef Tenderloin. What a delicious decision. Per my order my filet came out screaming rare. La, la love ya, pretty baby.... Anyway, the bark on that sucker was mighty fine, a testament to it's well seasoning and perfect searing.  The filet came with Bacon and Pickle Mashed Potatoes. I remember thinking when I read it "What an odd combination". Trust me, it works, oh does it work. The pickles give the potatoes an unexpected but welcome texture, crunch and tang and balances out the fattiness of the bacon. Which incidentally, they didn't skimp on, ah bacon, my one true love. The sauce was a red wine and mustard sauce, it was heavenly. I wish they had more on the plate, I wish they had a place where I could go swimming in it and "accidentally" swallow it. The pre-dinner bread they served was excellent. Warm from the oven, crusty on the outside with a nice egg wash crust and soft insides. And can I just take a moment to give mad props to Smyth serving ROOM TEMPERATURE butter for our bread. Seriously, I hate when I want to butter my bread only to have a fricken indelible butter brick ice cube that I have to wait and thaw or tear my poor little bread to smithereens. *exhales slowly, counts to ten* Thank you Smyth for not making me choose between evil and lesser evil.Staff: Multiple servers worked our table, I am not sure if this is standard or simply because we were in a large group. Regardless, they both came to introduce themselves. One asked what we were celebrating, it was a friend's birthday and they were kind enough to bring out a small tartlet with a candle for her. They did a wonderful job keeping our table happy and properly booze up, no easy feat with the group of alcoholics I was dining with that evening. Food was brought out properly, this is especially difficult when some of our party ordered apps, soups, etc. and some didn't. The staff made the entire meal appear seamless. Bathrooms: Drop. Dead. Gorgeous. Seriously. Dark brown tiles, gorgeous old fashioned enameled sink with shiny brass faucets. TWO full length mirrors, nice touch guys, nice touch.Parking: They have valet parking and if you have the means and aren't weirded out by strangers driving your car I would suggest taking advantage. There is precious little parking around the hotel itself and the bulk of it is either a) down dimly lit industrial sparsely populated side streets b) far away or c)all of the above. Eke. Pointers: They have a patio, it is spatial and sunken below street level which it nice because it's flanked by a pretty busy street. It is shadowed by the Calatrava bridge which casts it's eerie white glow down on the patio. It appears to be the perfect place for a drink in the summer months.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,9/14/2011,17,196,2,3,2>Excellent food. Good service. Large portions. Cheap prices.  I can't think of any reason why I wouldn't recommend fans of Mexican food stop here to try it out.  I'm a fan of their fajitas and enchiladas verde.  They also have many delicious seafood dishes. As one reviewer said, it helps to speak some Spanish but don't let that stop you. You can always use the universal menu point method of communicating. Don't be afraid to try someplace that isn't on 5th and National.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2010,9/13/2011,55,104,,3,3>Although I don't have a bike, and probably never will, I love this place. The decor is refined but edgy, casual but upscale and comfortable whether you are in chaps or a pencil skirt. The food is hearty and delicious. I have had the mac and cheese with chicken (rich and filling), the souped up grilled cheese (thick slices of bread with thick tomato soup- so good) and the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich served with bacon and Russian dressing (HUGE and also served on yummy thick bread). Service is always prompt, never had to wait to be seated and the manger comes over just to make sure we are satisfied. Most prices linger around $10-12 and its worth it.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,9/12/2011,41,225,3,2,2>The first time I had Habanero's was leftovers that my girlfriend took home after a business lunch.  I ate her remaining Chicken Mole the next day for lunch and was  impressed with how good it was a day later.  I usually don't expect much out of leftovers, so I figured if I enjoyed them that much... eating FRESH food at this place would be really bitchin.  I was right.This place is in a strip mall, but do not judge.  It's nice inside and the service was great.  Excellent waiter, we made sure to tip 25% because he deserved it.  Tried very hard, was very friendly, and everything came pretty quickly.  We got an appetizer that was basically a small fried tortilla thingie filled with beans, chicken, and cheese and served with lettuce, tomato, sour cream, and guac.  They were really awesome and you got 7 of them for just $10.  I felt like they could probably get away with charging $10 for 4 or 5 of them.  Delicious.Also, I'm not a guac dude, but my girlfriend loves it and it's apparently really great here.  They make it right in front of you at the table.  Ultrafresh!For an entree we split the Chicken Mole - which is called something else on the menu... it starts with an E, is one word, and is in the "Pollo" section.  It shouldn't be hard to find.  Great once again, we had it with a side of ranchero beans and everything was really tasty.Two of us ate like kings for about $30.  Not too bad.  I don't get out to the Mayfair Mall area much, but if I do I will try to swing by here as much as possible.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2011,9/11/2011,69,73,2,7,7>Whenever I get roped into dropping off a friend at the airport, I have a quandary. Should I go to Taco Bell on Layton, or get a dog or Italian beef at Martino's? I know, it doesn't sound like a tough question, but Taco Bell is one of those horrible good things I don't have much access to on the East Side. And that particular Taco Bell is pretty good, as far as Taco Bells go.But last week, on a day when my car thermometer read 105 degrees (!), I chose Martino's. And it was a good choice. I hadn't visited in a few years, and I was thinking about getting one of their juicy, lovely Italian beef sandwiches. But as I prefer it "dipped", the lifespan of such a wet, gooey sandwich in a very hot car didn't sound like a great idea. Like I said, it was hot and making decisions was difficult. When I walked in, I decided to sit a spell, because the A/C was crankin', and Maury Povich was on. I got an excellent Chicago Dog, with all the fixins: electric green relish, celery salt, pickle spear, tomatoes, sport peppers on a steamed poppy-seed bun. Every dog comes with a little handful of fries, skinny ones that are cooked fresh with each order. The corn dogs, at $3.25 a pop, seem a little expensive, but are almost as good as the ones I grew up with a 7 Mile Fair. Add a large tumbler of ice-cold Orange Crush, and I was in summer heaven.When its not so doggone nasty out, there's outdoor seating both in front and the better rear of the building, where you can watch low-flying planes about to touch down.One last thing: if you love banana bread, Martino's for some reason offers fresh-baked loaves of the best kind, or you can get a slice to go with your hot hot dog.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,9/10/2011,273,26,5,12,8>I was lucky enough to get a sneak preview of the menu at Beta, the new restaurant-within-a-restaurant presented by the owners of Sabor Brazilian Churrascaria.  And wow, I'm more than excited for this new spot to open on July 22nd.Three simple phrases would serve well to describe the decor: Super Comfortable, Pleasingly Upscale, and Ripe for Socialization.  The atmosphere is hip, but welcoming.  There are plenty of spaces to sit and enjoy intimate nibbles for two (or 15), and even spaces to lounge with your after dinner cocktail.  And, speaking of cocktails, don't get me started on the food...One of the first dishes we sampled were their deliciously smooth and earthy truffled deviled eggs, which come garnished with fried mushrooms and celery leaves.  They were upscale comfort food at its best -- wonderfully presented and embellished with the perfect amount of truffle flavor ($6.75 for four whole stuffed eggs).There were also deliciously crispy pork rinds, sprinkled with bacon dust, nacho powder, and served with a hot (local) honey ($4).  The rinds were perfectly puffed, crispy but not greasy, and seasoned to perfection.  We moved along to a sampling of Beta's house-made toast and jams, including a gorgeously earthy mushroom duxel,  foie gras pate with blueberry bourbon honey (swoon), caramelized onion and cheese brulee (deliciously creamy fontina custard laced with wonderfully sweet onions), and a wonderfully fresh tomato jam.  Even better, these options were priced for sampling & sharing with most portions priced at around $3.50 each (the exception being the foie gras at $10).More hefty samples included the pork ragout ($8) -- a combination of braised pork shoulder, jowl, and belly braised and embellished with apples and golden raisins. Each cut of pork was braised in its own unique liquid, giving the dish multiple layers of flavor. The pork was served over crisp fried polenta with a side of pickled cabbage to balance the richness of the pork.A down-home favorite by far was the waffles served with fried chicken, sausage gravy, and a drizzle of whiskey apple syrup ($8.50).  This classic combination was tender, flavorful, and perfectly balanced. The sausage gravy had hints of mustard and gouda cheese which played ever-so-nicely with the apple syrup drizzle.All the dishes were reasonably priced and the perfect size for sharing -- which is the whole point, according to COO, Paul Berlin.  He envisions people bringing groups of friends and enjoying the adventure of trying new dishes, with virtually no risk.  And he's onto something.  I can just imagine taking a small slew of friends here and sampling the entire menu!It's also apparent that mixology will be a specialty at Beta, which has started infusing its own vodkas, making simple syrups, and even experimenting with its own bitters.  We tried a variety of drinks, my favorite being "Grace's Song," a masterpiece created by Chicago bartender, Nate Howell of Sable ($10).  This delicious combination of Milagro Blanco, cucumber, cilantro, siracha, and agave syrup is a summer masterpiece -- fresh and light, with the perfect amount of complexity.    Novelty drinks would include the Kentucky Breakfast Old Fashioned made with bacon-infused Knob Creek bourbon, maple syrup, and Luxardo Maraschino ($9).If you'd like a bit of entertainment in your evening, you'll want to make sure to order a bit of Beta's freshly "churned" ice cream, frozen to order with the help of a bit of liquid nitrogen.  Not only does it make for a good show, but their ice cream (and sorbet) is decadently smooth and rich, thanks to the quick-freeze process.  Talking with Chef Mitch Ciohon, I was excited to learn that, in addition to making plenty of condiments and infusions in-house, Beta will be sourcing plenty of local ingredients.  Currently working with the Underground Food Collective in Madison and Bolzano Artisan Meats in Milwaukee's Riverwest to procure its charcuterie and sourcing its honey from local West Allis producers,  Mitch also has his eyes on working with local farmers to produce specialty ingredients not normally found on the market.I appreciate the ingenuity I saw on Beta's menu - something difficult to find at some other Milwaukee establishments. It's adventurous without being inaccessible, upscale without being snobbish, and quite frankly, perfectly delicious.Can't wait for my next trip back...
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2011,5/3/2012,25,54,,3,3>Dinner for two here was a fantastic experience.  The service was exceptional.  Attentive team of two waiters.  They made wine suggestions and water was always refilled.I was a little apprehensive about the calamari with mint, but the small pieces of mint was a great combination to the crisp calamari.There was nothing wrong with the caesar salad, but also nothing exceptional.Finally, I had the duck ragu.  How could I not given how many reviewed raved about it?  The duck was very tender and delicious, the pasta was perfectly cooked.  However, the sauce was too salty for my liking.  A minor blemish to a delicious dish.And since it was my girlfriend's birthday, we got a free desert, which was a pleasant surprise to end the meal.Overall, this is fantastic Italian restaurant.  But for the price, I was expecting more out of my food, thus the 4 stars.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,5/2/2012,92,265,4,5,4>Yep, Fast Park is awesome -- seriously awesome. Directly across the street from General Mitchell, the ease and stress-free experience is a huge plus if you're flying out of Milwaukee. By the time my luggage is out of my car, there's the Fast Park shuttle waiting to pick me up (I've never waited longer than a minute!), green business card in the driver's hand so I know where I'm at upon return. Quick ride to the departures line -- and boom, you're off!Returning is just as easy -- even at off peak hours. Recently, I caught a flight from Seattle that arrived in Milwaukee at 12:45am. I called the number on the card and within 2 minutes, I'm safely on board the shuttle and on the way back to my car! On my last trip, I was surprised to receive a FREE bottle of water and newspaper -- that might not be the highlight of everyone's experience, but it was a nice touch.Fast Park beats the snot out of parking onsite in the parking garage and costs about 75% less, too. I'm a fan and won't park anywhere else when flying out of the MKE.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2012,5/1/2012,146,306,5,5,6>Yarrrr!!!!!  Go get your Pirate on.If you own a boat, you probably know about this place. If you don't, you should probably get one, or get a friend with a boat so you don't have to deal with all the crap that goes along with owning one. Barnacle Bud's is all atmosphere and little else. Still, it deserves every bit of it's four stars, it's that awesome. They could serve me raw alewives and warm Bud Lite Lime, and I wouldn't care. Just get me a table on the patio on a gorgeous evening (like last night) with a view of the setting sun, and little else matters. Your first time here will be an eyeopener. Be prepared to listen to a lot of Jimmy Buffet.  First, you might need a tour guide to find the place. It's well hidden from KK Ave, but easily accessible by water. Once you get there, you will lose all bearing of where you are. Yes, you can see the Hoan, Allen Bradley, and the downtown skyline, but you still might not believe you are in Milwaukee. Lastly, you will discover where all the boaters hang out. I've never seen more tanned, flip-flop wearing middle aged drunk Milwaukeeans parting it up than here at Bud's. A subtle note about the crowd. The people at McKinley or South Shore marinas are " yachty a-hole" types. Here, they are "boaters."  Don't get me wrong, all are welcomed, not just the maritime Milwaukeeans.  Notice that I haven't mentioned the food? I didn't want to distract from the awesomeness of the setting. Barnacle Bud's has a full bar food menu with an emphasis on seafood items (far more Grouper than I would expect). I had the Italian sausage patty burger and it was pretty good. My wife had a brat and it was pretty awful. The SIL had a burger and it was just OK. We also tried the wings. They were baked, not fried, but unremarkable non the less. BB's is well known for their Bloody Mary's, but the real attraction is the deck. I would never come here on a crappy day, but when the weather is perfect, you will know where to find me.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2012,4/30/2012,115,264,9,6,7>Look, I'm Polish. I'm so Polish it hurts. I loves me some czernina, golabki and pierogis. I'll go to town on some spaghetti, but aside from that Italian food is still kind of mysterious to me. I hadn't been to Glorioso's since their big move, more because I hate when old things change than anything else. The new place is big and modern, but it still has some character. I marched around the store, checking out the deli and bakery cases and the candy before heading to the checkout with some tiramisu, capicola, provalone,  a loaf of italian bread and some dried cranberries. While standing in line, I imagined the glory that would be the rest of my day. Make giant sandwich, eat giant sandwich on couch, mourn giant sandwich on couch, nap. Thank you Glorioso's. My Saturday will be incredible thanks to you.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2011,4/29/2012,56,86,2,6,2>*singing badly*"Ooooooh, ya make me live, now honey.."Comet Cafe's food gave me life one sunny Saturday afternoon recently.  It's more of a "diner" type of place than a cafe, but I suppose that's neither here nor there because the food is outstanding. The wait was kind of awkward because once you're in the door there's really nowhere to stand except around people who are already eating; but you could always just take that opportunity to peek at their grub for an idea of what to get.I'd heard tales of free bacon on weekends, but I later found out that it's only on Sundays. I'll just have to revisit on a Sunday, I figured.  (I'll wear my elastic-waisted granny pants just for the occasion.) I wanted a tasty breakfast, and that's exactly what I got. I had the bacon pancake, 2 eggs & hash browns.  I'm generally more of a fan of sliced potato-style hash browns & Comet only had the shredded potato kind; however I requested they be cooked crispy & that made up for it.  The waitress was friendly and the bacon pancake was as big as the plate it was on. I really enjoyed eating the 1/12th of it I could manage before I got full; it was as clunky and hearty as it sounds (mmmm, crammed with actual bacon slices, not bacon bits).  I had a tasty specialty coffee with my breakfast while I ogled the pretty cupcakes in the front case.  So many kinds to choose from, so many calories one must not consume.  After having pancakes one doesn't really need dessert, but I noticed on the board that they had bacon ice cream. WHAT?! Yeah. I had to have a scoop of that to go. Later on that day when I ate it, I giggled with glee the entire time. It was delicious!I applaud whoever had the courage to stand up & put bacon in ice cream. They were obviously some sort of food wizard or magi....a visionary ahead of their time. You can bet I will eat my next tasty breakfast at Comet Cafe.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,4/28/2012,190,322,2,5,3>I've only dined at Hinterland three times, but all three visits were rock solid. Tonight I went in to try the Pho. Hinterland offers their Pho for $5 on Monday nights until 7:00PM in the bar and lounge area only.Someone once told me it was the best Pho he'd ever had. I thought to myself, "the best Pho he's ever had was at a brewpub? yeah right!" I have to admit that, in terms of flavor, he was justified in saying so. When you go out for Pho, part of the experience is being served the bowl of Pho surrounded by the fixin's (sriracha, hoisin sauce, chili sauce, bean sprouts, cilantro, lime, and jalapeno (at some places). Then you try your Pho and add those items to taste. At Hinterland, you don't get the fixin's on the side. They put everything in the Pho before it arrives, and I mean everything. There were flavors I do not remember tasting in other pho. I might have a problem with this if it weren't for the fact that they added all of these items to generate a flavor that I could not replicate. One thing I noticed was that the noodles were thinner than I'm used to getting at Vietnamese and Thai restaurants. Does this all mean it lacked authenticity? I don't know, but I'll give the chef the benefit of the doubt. I loved it!   I was ready to call it an evening, but I glanced at the menu and saw the word "brains." Pan Seared Strauss Veal Brains was listed in the appetizer section. I'm not Andrew Zimmern, but I'm willing to take a risk here and there to broaden my dining horizons. They were served with grilled kale, fried leeks and hedgehog mushrooms, but you don't care about that, do you? You want to read about my brain eating experience, right? Well I'm going to tell you anyway. I slowly cut into the brain with the side of my fork. It went through like a hot knife through butter. The center was a pasty white color. When I put it in my mouth, I was trying to figure out what to compare it to, so I could tell you guys. To be honest, I'm still not really sure. The taste and texture might be compared to a mushy scallop (I know that doesn't sound good, but that's not the point) or flan. My server compared it to "a well-cooked quiche." I don't eat much quiche, but I don't recall that similarity. At any rate, I actually enjoyed this dish and would order it again. You have to respect a chef with the guts to put veal brains on his menu and then back it up with great execution.However, I wasn't sure I wanted brains to be the last memory my palate had, so I ordered the Cider Braised Pork cheek with apple celery slaw and horseradish creme fraiche (thank goodness these are small plates). The pork was extremely tender and delicious. The combination of the pork with the slaw and horseradish creme fraiche took it to another level. This was truly a wonderful dining experience! To think, I just went in to try the Pho.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2012,4/27/2012,36,247,2,3,2>Was here for dinner a few weeks ago.  Most reviews tend to be spot on.-food is great and flavorful.  I had a Singapore Noodle dish that was noodles with a curry powder.  My fiance had a pad Thai, which she really enjoyed.-not the most exciting place to eat, but the food more than makes up for it-spring rolls were huge, and a great appetizer-you get a lot of bang for your buck.  We each had a bunch of food left over for future mealsThai foods is one of my favorite cuisines, and I will definitely be checking out more Thai places in MKE in the coming months.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,4/26/2012,7,95,2,3,3>I stopped in yesterday to inquire about making a hard cider.  I knew basically what I needed, but wanted to talk to someone about it and make sure I was all set.The first guy I talked to was a hard cider brewer and got me set up with some equipment and yeast.This is the place to go if you're brewing, which you should be if you live in Milwaukee.  The one thing they need to work on is customer service.  It's a small enough place that someone wandering aimlessly should be pretty easy to spot, and there's no excuse not to ask them if they need help.  We're not browsing for shirts here, people in here probably want to talk to someone on staff about making a purchase.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2011,4/25/2012,28,16,5,9,8>THIS PLACE.  It's unreal.  As a ladylike lady, I never expected to want to hang at the hardware store, but  they have: helped me fix a flat tire in the parking lot, attached a safety flag and reflectors to my bike trailer, entertained my antsy toddler with hammers and nails, taught me how to snake a drain, answered countless gardening and home repair questions AND made friendly, funny conversation every single time I've stopped in.  Best hardware store ever.   Incredibly helpful and knowledgeable staff. I can't imagine ever going to another hardware store again.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2011,4/24/2012,73,56,4,4,7>This is what happenswhen the neighborhood bar isowned by your neighbors
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,3/15/2013,12,62,5,7,3>Go here.Eat curry.Be happy.I could tell you many other things: this is a very small restaurant with limited seating, and depending on the night, it can be a bit of a wait for your food...but it doesn't matter.  We generally try to go early to minimize the wait.  However, I have to say - the food is worth the wait.The curries are the best in Milwaukee.  Literally - the absolute best.I've been forcing myself to taste around the menu a bit, but my favorite items are the Green Curry and the Red Curry.  I'm a carnivore, and the thought of curry without meat generally makes me furrow my brow...as in, "who would want that?".  The answer is - I want that.  You will want that.  The depth of flavors in the curry is fantastic.  Meat is NOT necessary; in fact, it takes away from the perfection that is the curry.  Also, after having the green curry, you may find yourself waking up in the middle of the night craving it.  It's literally that good.Other great things that I've tried on the menu are the chicken satay and the lettuce wraps with Vietnamese sausage.All of the items above would get 5 stars.I'm not as fond of the jungle curry or the Massaman curry - they would only get 4 stars.   The jungle curry doesn't have coconut milk, and next to the other curries, it fell a little flat for my tastes.  My husband took leftovers to work the next day, and he did assure me that when having by itself, and not comparing it to the green curry, it was amazing.  The Massaman curry had a little too much cinnamon for my taste, but it was good - and I'm glad I tried it.Other important notes:The food has pre-determined heat generally associated with it.  Certain dishes are spicier than others.  This is noted on the menu as the star level - and the suggested spice ratios are what the chef feels compliments the dish the best.  She's right.  You can have them adjust it - but you may lose some of the subtleties.  I love heat - but I just let the chef make things the way she wants to.  So far, I haven't been disappointed.Lastly - service.   The servers we've had have been very sweet and attentive.  Occasionally a bit scattered, but incredibly nice.  I would give 5 stars for service.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,3/14/2013,73,141,8,9,7>Can you imagine if a buncha hipsters came here...you wouldn't be able to tell the difference between the staff and the patrons!  (see, cause hipsters wear flannel now. But maybe after this bar gains popularity, things will change).I sat at the bar in front of the biggest TV in the world.  Seriously, Lady Liberty could be holding this TV in her left hand, instead of that tablet, and all of NYC could be watching the brewers game (assuming they have FSN out there).  At times, i felt like i was in the commercial...driving that audi....mmmmm, audi.But really, this place is grand.  i love the logs, the signs, and the flannel.  It did, however, violate one of my biggest pet peeves for a bar/restaurante...the service staff was always huddled in the corner talking to each other.  that drives me nuts, it makes me nervous.  so i can't wait to go back.  What a little bar town Shorewood is becoming!  can you say SHOREWOOD PUB CRAWL?
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,3/13/2013,50,94,2,2,4>Not that this place needs any more reviews, but I'll still throw in my 2 cents.I'm giving 3.5 stars, but rounding up (my good deed of the day). I feel like Comet is kind of hit or miss. I have probably been here at least ten times, and had good, mediocre and bad experiences. For example, the bloodies- a couple times they were amazing, a couple times they were okay, and a few times they were undrinkable. The food- mostly good. The pancakes and biscuits are unbelievable- by far the best I've had. The breakfast burrito- not good, and I'm not as big of fan of their dinner entrees than their brunch. The service is usually decent, sometimes can be slow, but that's probably due to all the people standing in their way. For brunch there is almost always a wait- It's a pretty small restaurant so in the summer it's not so bad, since you can wait outside.  But when it's cold, everyone packs into every space they can find, so you will definitely be staring at those peoples' butts during your entire meal. They do have some good brunch drinks and a decent beer list, I love that they made baseball-esque beer trading cards instead of just have a regular beer menu- cute idea.Comet is definitely worth trying at least once for their great brunch food, as long as you don't mind waiting for it.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,3/12/2013,280,856,8,10,6>SWAN'S IS A LOT LIKE A MULLET. It's a pharmacy on one half (business) and a place to get beer and cigars on the other (party). Folks who drink, smoke AND have health problems must love the SHIT out of this place!Located directly north of Alterra. Friendly staff. Locally owned for over 40 years. While they don't have the selection of a Walgreens (I live thirty steps away from one ironically.) they make up for it in service.HOURS: 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. weekdays, 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday and Sunday
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,3/11/2013,61,275,,8,5>Despite never having had any kind of pet - not a lizard or hamster or even a pet rock- I decided to get a puppy.  Before I got my puppy I read a book on raising puppies and considered myself well informed and all set.  Boy was I wrong.  Reading a book on how to raise a puppy is like reading on book on how to swim - it's good information, but you're going to need a coach.Zoom Room has completely transformed me from a blundering, hapless, first time puppy owner prone to fits of despondency, into a confident and thoughtful one who is able to communicate with her puppy and no longer rues her decision to get one.Yesterday I accidentally dropped my breakfast on the floor with my 15 week old puppy standing next to me.  I used the "leave it" command that we learned and practiced at Zoom Room and to my utter delight, my puppy left it.  She now listens to me when I say "wait" after opening the door so I can pull my boots on before we head out, just like we learned to do at Zoom Room.  Of course she also knows sit, down, come and stay and we are learning more all the time.I've taken both the Puppy Preschool and Puppy Obedience classes here and am planning on taking more classes in the future.  I hate to think about where I'd be if I hadn't found Zoom Room.   I might no longer be a puppy owner and with my sweet little puppy curled up at my feet as I type this, that would be a real shame.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,3/10/2013,172,484,,9,6>Yum. Just yum. Walk in, you have a number of flavors to choose from. You can get twirls of some. You can add any to your cup. Peanut butter and chocolate flavors? Sure. Vanilla and Orange? You bet. Cake Batter and Dulce de Leche? Why not? You can add a large range of toppings too. I haven't tried any of their flavors that I haven't liked. Yum.The staff is really nice. The place is clean. There is outdoor seating. Yum.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,3/9/2013,156,661,5,5,5>I am pretty much a Cocktail snob. I had a good run in Chicago and was a regular at some fantastic mixology spots including the Violet Hour, the Bristol, the Whistler, and Scofflaw, and have to say that with all the hoopla over the flaming tiki drinks, I was thinking that I would find a relic of the Bryant's that people's parents went to when I was a kid growing up on Milwaukee's South Side. Bryant's for me was that quirky neighbor who made great grasshoppers every Christmas and let the kiddies try some (no Shirley Temples baby - this is Milwaukee). So I went in here solo, and yes, the place is dark. It reminded me of the Goodfella's type bars I would go to in Trenton, NJ years ago. Hey fogettaboutit! It has a classic interior as other reviewers have pointed out. The McIntosh sound system is pretty freaking cool. These are as high-end as you can get. The music was very - gasp - Mad Men (in fact I think a play list they run is actually titled such). Sitting at the bar I said, I wanted a real drink. I wanted no beach umbrellas or things on fire. My server was Emily who listened and - while they don't have a menu - got the wheels spinning on a drink she makes. I just said "Amaro, citrus, and Rye" and she came back with a great drink. All were booze forward, mixed and poured. I think I had four drinks that first night (thank goodness I live a few blocks away - yeah, I keep it real). My favorite drink is the Ray Gun which is Emily's signature drink. On a second visit, a buddy came in with me, and ordered a volcano - big tall glass, 151, and a flaming something on top. He couldn't help it. On the second round, I told Emily to make him a real drink! He runs a traveling bug show, so he showed his scorpions (which he had in his car) to a bunch of us out on the curb. Flaming drinks, scorpions, and Ray Guns? Yep. Order a Ray Gun. Now, what can I saw about possible improvements. The one thing I have gotten used to is the array of crazy little jars of cocktail elixirs and extracts you see at say the Whistler or Scofflaw in Chicago. There is just something cool about a mixologist putting a single drop of some magical potion (curry nectar for example) on top of the drink before serving it. I am also a fan of strange sprigs of herbs, a branch or two here and there (lavender, rosemary, etc), and whatnot in my drinks. Just sayin....  The bar can be a tight squeeze when it is busy. The back has a few cozy old school booths. Nice. This is my favorite bar for cocktails in Milwaukee. Period. Set your ice cream on fire if you want. I will be drinking real drinks at the end of the bar baby!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,3/8/2013,17,72,4,4,4>I actually really like this place.It could be because I have boy parts and the previous reviewers have girl parts which have, it seems, led to some unwanted attention on their part.Their experiences aside, I've never had anything but pretty durned awesome service here.  After a recent move I live about a block away from 41, which turns into Miller Park Way if I head a bit south and so Martha's Vineyard is the closest liquor store to my house.  The closest liquor store that isn't contained w/in a grocery store, anyway.Since, as I've said before, I'm inclined to support a small business over a large one I try and stop here whenever I need booze.  Lately, this is a few times a week.  Do I have a drinking problem?  *hahahaha*Surely laughing when it's mentioned that you might have a drinking problem means you can't have a problem, right?This place has a pretty good selection of both booze and beer.  Their prices for my liquor of choice, Bombay Sapphire, is a bit cheaper than Pick n' Save and a bit more expensive than Discount.  It's also a bit closer than the latter so it all balances out.They have beers I can't find outside of Woodmans.  I'm a cheapskate so I love the Gennessee Cream Ale, six tall boys for like three dollars.  You can't beat that with a stick.The guy behind the counter is always super nice to me.  If you don't ask he'll run your card as credit.  But if you ask he'll run it as debit which saves him money and helps a local business.  Did I mention I'm all about local businesses?Five Stars From Me, Because What Is The Alternative.Also, Because Awesome.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,3/7/2013,140,249,1,6,5>I love you, Oakland Gyros. Whether I'm starving, had a bad day, celebrating, hung-over, or drunk, you have always been there.I am unable to consume a traditional gyro due to my sensitive stomach, so I opt for a gyro with Athenian Chicken instead. If you've never tried this, I highly recommend it! The meat is ridiculously plentiful and always seasoned and cooked to perfection.There must be a secret, magical ingredient in the Tzatziki sauce as it is the best I've ever had and highly addictive. I put it on everything when I eat here. I find myself craving it. I wish they sold it by the bottle so I could take it home with me. Just don't try to steal it - I've witness the staff running after customers to reclaim it (that occurred very late at night).I have tried the lamb meat and it is very good and lean, compared to the "bites" I've taken of other gyros.Get the Greek Fries - they are amazing. The baklava is pretty good too.Only downfall is that it is a cash-only restaurant. They have an ATM in the entryway but to avoid the fees I always make sure I have cash.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,3/6/2013,90,490,3,8,3>The location is strange, between first and second street is a Mobil gas station plaza with three restaurants and a liquor store, a little like an oasis off a tollway.  Although it's called Times Square, they aren't serving a real New York style pizza, but it's a very tasty thin crust with a much better than average selection of toppings.  You can phone in your order, or order online:  timessquarebistro1.dineb, and you should do one of those two because they make all food to order and they are a tad slow.  They have tables and a retro video arcade game, it's a pretty nice place to sit down and eat for a gas station plaza.  Their calzones are quite good, but take even longer than the pizza.  They also sell hand made chocolates, which are expensive, but also very good.  This is absolutely the best pizza to pick up if you also need to get your sweetie a little chocolate gift,  fill up your gas tank, vacuum your car interior, and pick up a gallon of milk all at the same time.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,3/25/2013,9,105,,6,2>I recently gave this place a try again after a few years.  The experience was good enough we tried again the next week.  Did the ownership change?We called for take out thanks to the long waits we'd previously experienced.  They seem to finally have their act together compared to around 2008-2009.  The food was prepared quickly.The falafel sandwiches are good.  They will make them spicy if you want.  The hummus isn't bad either, although not the best I've had.  All in all it's a solid falafel shop on the South side of town near the airport.  I didn't notice any cleanliness issues when I wandered in here.  It's a hole in the wall sort of place.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,3/24/2013,25,124,,3,5>AMAZING food.  My husband got the corned beef sandwich (best I have ever tried) and I got breakfast (the McGinnity).  The breakfast was delicious (haha @Mike P's post...I WAS hungover...and it helped immensely). The service was a little slow and we sat there for a while (cutting into the packer game, which was a HUGE deal to the guys I was with, me? not so much).  I WILL BE BACK FOR MORE DELICIOUS FOOD!!Pros:outstanding food (next time I'm going with their famous corned beef sandwich)cheap (average $6-$8 for a meal)diverse gathering placeIrish-dive bar ambience (strangely warm)Cons:Our food took a long time (50+mins) and our waiter also took his sweet time with our check and drink refills.The bathrooms were real nasty...o_O(The cons are a small price to pay for elated taste buds)
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,3/23/2013,10,46,,5,4>These guys are FAST!  Went in to buy 2 new tires (finally) and was prepared to place an order for them and maybe get them put on in a week or so.  Oh no, they had the size in stock, at about the price I wanted to pay and within 12 minutes, they were fitted on the rims and and were being put back on the car - oh and also that included the tire rotation!Big selection of both used and new tires for any car/truck.Highly recommend these guys.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,3/22/2013,72,201,2,3,2>I really like Cafe Corazon. I've hit up numerous places in town with Latin cuisine and Corazon keeps me coming back. On my first stop some weeks back I had a lunchj burrito and it was recommended to go with the squash puree inside. Now, I would normally go with some meaty filling but this combination was fantastic! On subsequent visits I've tried (and now stick with) the Migas - Eggs, tortillas and cheese. Coupled with black beans, rice and a side of squash puree and you can't go wrong! Chips and salsa are extra. The verde sauce has good heat. I believe they serve up El Rey chips but I'm ok with that. Keep the kitchen doing what they do best.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,3/21/2013,30,246,,6,3>As a museum freak, I can't get enough of MPM.  I had the good fortune to attend a behind-the-scenes tour of the museum as a Marquette anthropology student, and that made me appreciate everything so much more.  At that time, they had their mummy exhibit  getting ready to open, and it was amazing to get to see the work room where they prepare and restore items for display.Each time I visit I gain a deeper appreciation for the work of so many scientists and other professionals that goes into the museum.  I think very few people know that we have the great Carl Akely's first habitat diorama, the muskrat habitat display, in our museum.  He is the inventor of habitat dioramas, and one of the greatest museum taxidermist ever.  Take a look at it the next time you're there - his signature and the date - 1890!! - are on the lower right corner of the mud bank.  We also have a 2009 World Champion taxidermist, Wendy Senk, on staff (she did Samson the gorilla).I love that MPM seems to bring the whole world inside of its halls.  And yes, there have been some updates done since I was last there, particularly in the mid-America section, focusing on ecology and conservation.Some odd things this time, though: the bullet ants are dead?  And the elephant in the African salt lick diorama is fiberglass, and I'm not sure he always was... maybe he was and I never noticed before.  But having honed my knowledge of taxidermy and diorama construction, that was a disappointing reality. Understandable, though.Bottom line: love this museum, will always keep coming back.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/18/2013,3/20/2013,94,388,,4,3>We visited on the basis of Chuck's menu, including Nueske's products.Our first seat at the two top near the window smelled a little musty either from the window or perhaps the baseboard heater on this chilly day, but once we moved all was good.This laid-back family restaurant has more updated decor than many we've run across.I went for breakfast, and Mr. R chose lunch. I had a two egg breakfast complete with Nueske's bacon and rye toast. The over medium eggs were the most non-greasy I've had, and were nicely prepared. The rye toast, topped with Smucker's blackberry jam - nice. The four, count them - FOUR thick slices of Nueske's bacon cooked to my favorite consistency were great, especially considering the price of the breakfast.I sneaked a bite of Mr. R's mashed potatoes a la hot turkey platter, and was surprised to find them nicely lumpy and home made.We found some other things on Chuck's menu we would like to try, including the pizza, so I'm sure we will be back.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,3/19/2013,92,265,2,4,4>I have walked past Monica's no less than ten times during my 3+ years living in Milwaukee. I am ashamed to say it took me this long to set foot inside.You enter after several steps down and turn to the left, where you're immediately greeted by a nearly 360-degree bar (though shaped more like a parallelogram than a circle) and a chalkboard with the drink specials of the day. A quick walk around Monica's reveals low lighting, comfortable spots, a fireplace, pool table, and of course, plenty of board games.Belly up to the bar and enjoy a $2 beer while you talk shop with friends (or the friendly bartender). Watch a game on the glorious flat screen -- which somehow does not subtract from the ambiance of Monica's. Play bar dice or a board game -- heck, bring a deck of cards and sit by the fireplace. I may just do that tonight!I intend to return very soon, and with the fireplace here, this could be a regular winter evening hangout for me. Monica's is a hidden gem and I remain ashamed it took this long for me to check it out.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,3/18/2013,117,277,2,7,7>Boone & Crockett is a cozy little lounge with a surprisingly intricate drink selection. Our party of four meandered in after 10:00 on a Friday night and by some miracle, one of the large, plush couches by the door was open. I wouldn't count on this type of luck every Friday though, it seemed like many patrons had to settle for standing around. We ordered a variety of delicious libations, each with a mile long list of ingredients. I was a bit nervous about the complexity of the beverages, but each had its own unique character, smooth taste, and perfect balance of flavors. They come served in pretty glasses similar to the ones on display in 90% of grandmother's curio cabinets, except you actually get to drink out of these. Which is fun. This is a definite must-stop location if you're in search of the perfect hand crafted cocktail in a non-pretentious, welcoming atmosphere.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,3/17/2013,40,76,2,3,3>Well what hasn't been said? When a place has almost 300 reviews you know it is something to talk about.Lakefront is a fantastic brewery - take your friends, family, out of town guests. The tours fill up like mad so try to reserve tickets online otherwise spin the wheel by heading over there. Parking can get a little tricky on Commerce St. on Saturday. Also on Friday they have a fish fry which is a great end to your tour. Five Stars all the way!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,3/16/2013,28,118,4,6,6>My usual posse was meeting out for a night of Friday night frolicking, and my sister mentioned she was in the mood for a fish fry.  But not just any fish fry - she specifically wanted "the kind of fish fry you find in Dirty Stallis."  I had heard for years that Kegel's Inn had one of the better fish fries in town and suggested it.  Luckily,  baby sis had the foresight to make reservations.  This place was hoppin'!  Our party of seven arrived at 6:30 (ish) and we could barely squeeze through the bar/waiting area.  Our table was ready, and our server was delightful.  At the suggestion of several fellow Yelpers, we tried the homemade onion rings and they were delicious. We washed them down with a variety of authentic German beers.  So yummy!  While waiting for our food, we made note of the German Beer Hall atmosphere, and we all approved.  The fish fry was indeed one of the best I've had in town, and I am certain we'll be back.  Yaay for Dirty Stallis!  You came through for us once again.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,2/3/2014,115,276,2,11,5>I have to admit, when I heard last year that Big Head Brewing was going to be opening off State Street in 2013, I was stoked.  I was looking forward to having a friendly, local brewery open that was relatively close to my house.  A nice place that has good beer, and a friendly ambiance.  Big Head Brewing has all that.  They are nice.  They are friendly. The space is open and inviting - come hang out with one friend, or several friends.  Watch the game or just play some card games at the enormous picnic tables. Play some free pinball on the weird machine that dates back to the year I was born.  Darts, beanbags (aka "Cornhole" - a name I have come to hate) and shuffleboard is also available. Enjoy some tasty beers.  My favorite was the Hefe, but heck - try a flight of beers for $5.00 and find your own favorite. They also have two (I believe? Although I think that can change as well) revolving taps.  Last time they also offered Woodchuck Cider.  Delicious!! At $4.00 a pint, of stuff they brew on site, I find it reasonable.  I am willing to pay more for the good stuff though. I really like this place and I will probably ask at some point if I can move in. This might just become my new 'Thursday meet up with pals' place. We will be back for sure.  Welcome to Tosa, Big Head Brewing!
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,2/2/2014,146,306,18,14,11>Interesting place. My brother was scolded by the nice woman behind the counter for attempting to order Orange Chicken. "why you want that?" she said. "that for little kid. You big man, you order real food!" I instantly fell in love with her. Glad he went first, I resorted to my Thai stand-in, Volcano Chicken. It was great. True to its name, my entree was served on a sizzling hot iron skillet/plate. It tasted as great as it smelled. I said I wanted it spicy, but spicy for me, not spicy for her. It was spot on. My brother had the chicken in peanut sauce "not spicy." Big mistake. When in doubt, order Thai as intended, burn-your-ass hot.There are a few tables here, but the atmosphere is about as nice as a clean bus stop. You might be better off ordering your food and eating it in your car.I will be back to try more things from the menu, but I'll be sure not to ask for anything stupid.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,2/1/2014,54,118,2,6,8>Let's make something very clear here. It's SUPPOSED to be a dive. That's the charm, people. This is, by far, the most fun activity I've done in Milwaukee. I left wanting to immediately return. I've already told all of my friends that we're going back there. I hate bowling. I'm terrible at it and it's awkward for me. But mini bowling? Amazing. As other Yelpers have said before me, call ahead for a reservation. We went on a Tuesday and the lanes filled up fast. Also, tip the pin boys. Also also, call me because I will totally come with.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,1/31/2014,477,209,4,6,6>Are restaurants typically closed on Sundays? After yelping/driving around trying to find somewhere to have an early evening meal, we came across Blue Jacket. A cute corner-restaurant with an open and inviting dining area. We were looking for a light meal and the plates offered looked delicious. Right away we were greeted with pure friendliness. Brian was extremely thorough with the whole menu, suggesting that the Roasted Vegetable Poutine would be just right for two. We ordered that along with a bowl of Sweet Corn Soup with a douse of Chili Oil. The Poutine is extremely addicting. It IS enough for two, however it is so good I could have easily eaten the entire thing myself because you just cannot stop eating it. Dangerous dish! The Sweet Corn Soup was amazing as well: Silky smooth and the chilli oil was a great compliment. The atmosphere was amazing, relaxing, and the bartenders/wait staff are all extremely friendly.  We will be back soon, I can't wait to try some of their cocktails!
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,1/30/2014,30,62,,7,4>Smoke Shack is hands down one of my favorite restaurant in Milwaukee!!!  Love the ambiance, the French tea towel napkins, mason jars, the lighting, and just the overall rustic vibe.By far, my favorite items on their menu include the baby back ribs and the large beef ribs.  Mouthwatering, juicy, fall off the bone ribs - I wish I can eat here every night.  I also love the corn bread and the beignets.  Caution the baby back ribs sell out first so if you plan on ordering that, make sure you arrive before 6:30PM. I always order extra ribs so I can have left overs at home.  It's fun to try out the different BBQ sauces they have laid out on the table.  Don't forget to squirt your favorite BBQ sauce on top of the ribs before you take them home.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,1/28/2014,172,484,,5,4>Were you looking for a Blockbuster Video? I'm not sure that they are around anymore, probably driven out of business by Redbox. Riverwest Film and Video is still around because Redbox can't compete. They have lots of strange cool weird movies, and a lot of normal ones too. You can even request movies that they don't have in stock.  The person behind the counter is always friendly and helpful/Plus, it is the home of riverwestradio.com
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,1/27/2014,54,340,,6,4>My son is on a soccer league and this was our first experience with Uihlein Park, I never even knew it existed.  WOW, what a place!  As you walk past the building there are soccer fields as far as you can see.  The fields up close to the building are VERY nice ones with astro turf, bleachers and covered team areas.  I heard that The Wave practices there but I'm not sure.  The back fields are your normal grass soccer fields where you bring your own chair and hike it down there to find your spot.We were there for a tournament and I was really impressed by the place.  Vendors set up to sell their goods during and they have different food for sale - of course not the cheapest but they have to make their money too.Returned for an indoor game night and it was really neat.  There are 3 indoor fields from what I could see (it was packed) and there are no sidelines so the kids kick it off the walls and the ball stays in play - it was wild!  Huge plexiglass shields block the parents from getting smacked with a ball during the game but it makes it very hard to cheer your kid on - they can't hear you.Snacks and beverages are sold.  I agree with prior reviewer - the refs are definitely not the best, had quite a few issues the different times we were there.  Their training needs to be beefed up and they all need to follow the same rule books.  Just sayin'Very cool soccer park.  They host bday parties too.  A different idea.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,1/26/2014,90,490,2,11,5>This South Asian grocery and catering operation is unique.  They carry all sorts of canned, powdered, frozen, fresh cooking ingredients, utensils, spices, from a remarkably wide range of the South Asian subcontinent.  They have Sri Lankan goods you just can't find anywhere else, closer than Toronto or New York City.  That's the stuff I can recognize (and rejoice in), they have all sorts of goods you need to cook Bengali, Punjabi, Tamil.... I'm not sure where some of this stuff comes from actually.  So, it's a must visit if you're trying to cook some Pakistani, Indian, Maldive Island, Sri Lankan, Nepalese dishes.  They also have various to go stuff they made earlier that day, some excellent biryani that is better than you might get at some local (good) Indian restaurants, but at a lower price.  This is going to sound strange to most of you, but some travelers will know what I mean: Have you ever found it interesting to wander through a foreign grocery?  Where you don't even speak the language? Well, you can have that sort of little adventure here too.  This is a much better choice for South Asian spices than the overpriced spice specialty stores or Whole Foods, though do not under any circumstances underestimate the chili here, it's more potent than a pocket stun gun.  I keep some in a dish for home defense instead of a handgun.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,1/25/2014,17,145,1,9,4>I had heard Dr Dawg opened a south side store, and happened to stumble upon it this weekend. I knew they served Field Roast veggie dogs, so I was super excited to give them a try.So. Damn. Good.Ordered:-Slaw Dog-Field Roast Veggie Dog-Garlic Rosemary Fries-SodaTotal was about 15 bucks. To those who complain it's "too expensive", if you are paying less than 2 or 3 bucks for a hot dog, you are eating unspeakable pig parts. These were QUALITY dogs that we ate. My boyfriend wasn't expecting the drier, vinegar based slaw that he received, but he really liked it regardless. My veggie dog was excellent! And field roast sausages are not cheap so I appreciated not paying an arm and a leg for it. The fries were DIVINE. I like being able to actually taste the potato in my fry, and these fries were hand cut and juicy and awwwwesome.Bonus, I am a DDP freak (Diet Dr Pepper for those who aren't in the know) and they had that available on tap along with Diet Coke and Pepsi. Much appreciated!Overall I really enjoyed my visit to Dr Dawg and can't wait to come back! Good food, good quality, reasonable prices, and DDP!
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,1/24/2014,28,84,2,4,2>This is by far the best Chinese food I have had in Milwaukee. The rangoons are amazing, and if you like a little spice, go for the spicy ones. The sweet and sour chicken is hand breaded deliciousness. I had the chicken in peanut sauce which was very good. They serve your entree on a platter with family style rice. The service is great and really worth the price. My only complaint would be that they do not send you home with any rice in your leftovers unless you pile it on your plate before they take it back to box it up.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,3/26/2011,26,85,2,4,2>Has anyone mentioned the pork tacos? Because those are truly worth mentioning... wrapped in a corn tortilla, these tender marinated chunks of swine with aromatic cilantro and onions truly get me excited. And i think they're like 2 bucks....can't go wrong. They have other relatively authentic dishes, such as lengua tacos. The restaurant is small ,casual, and comfortable; i love the elevated window-side seating. Waiters are attentive and bring out the chips and salsa right away. Their servings can be large. As for drinks, try the horchata. I can't tell you what it is exactly, pretty sure it's milk and some sort of nut powder, but it's delicious.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,3/25/2011,8,27,,3,3>I've never bought anything from here but the staff is so helpful!  I came in with a lighter repair for a wedding present for a friend of mine... They could not be fixed but the owner was so helpful and we chatted about them for some time.  I did have a chance to browse the cigars bc I was also looking for some for the bachelor party and it looked like they had a pretty vast selection, I'll be back to buy some before we head to Vegas.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2011,3/24/2011,26,70,4,3,2>It's a great pub.  Wait staff is always friendly and the beers are always cold.  Really have nothing bad to say about the food either.  The pear-walnut salad is very good, especially with chicken.If you can get there when Paulie is bartending, he's the craic.Hipsters meets condo dwellers meets me in sweat pants before and after my soccer games.  Everyone's welcome.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2011,3/23/2011,5,2,,2,2>My wife and I shared a roll of spicy tuna and yellow curry. The curry could have been spicier, but we always say that. Both the curry and the sushi were excellent, although I would say I know curry better than sushi. We shared the Miso soup and the Tom Kha. I was not blown away by the Miso, but my wife loved it. I actually preferred the Tom Kha, which my wife thought was too sweet. I definitely agreed the Tom Kha could be less sweet, but I had never had it before and found it to be quite an interesting flavor. I really wish this place had a better beer selection, but most people are probably fine with Sprecher Amber and Spotted Cow. I also liked the minimalist decor. Overall a good place and reasonably priced.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,3/22/2011,20,52,,2,2>$5 Moscow Mules all day every day.... you can't go wrong.  I know there are complaints on some other reviews that give them mixed reviews, but I must say we are 20/20 on good drinks.  They do ask for your ID if you want your Moscow Mule served in the traditional Copper mug (Currently $4.25/pound), but they have never made a big deal about it.  It is a nice place to grab a drink on the weekend if you get a table, but if there is no seating available you tend to just be standing in the way.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,3/21/2011,30,41,2,3,2>BEST sushi special you can get on monday and tuesdays!  Be careful when you go tho, the wait after work can be insane.  I have been to both locations more times than should be allowed in a lifetime, but I crave sushi all the time!  I have had better sushi rolls, so I feel like this is a good place for sushi beginners, but their Vegetable gyoza is unbeatable!  If you don't know what that is, order it next time you go, it also comes with meat if you choose.  It's cheap, yet does the job.  Addicted!!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2011,3/19/2011,873,459,2,4,3>Stopped in here again before dinner at Smyth.  I had the weirdest named Cocktail ever...I am not kidding here...It was called...MY RED RIGHT HAND! It had Maker's Mark Bourbon, fresh orange and black cherry juice and went down way too easy!  This is a cool place with a great vibe and even better drinks!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,3/18/2011,228,281,5,3,3>It's not Hot Doug's, but this isn't Chicago. I love what they do, from a Chi-town style dog to a basic chili and cheese. They're consistent, friendly and, late nights, I love watching the bar time crowd come through. Silly drunken maroons.This location, specifically due to hours open, is rated way higher than the one on Wisconsin. The Marquette campus location is a decent deal too, but the likelihood of popped collar DB's is a drawback at times.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,3/17/2011,96,79,2,6,2>Coming from Texas--where theres a huge asian community, I've definitely had my fair share of Pho. So I was determined to find a place that served decent pho in Milwaukee. After a few places, I was ready to give up but thankfully Yelp led me to this little noodle shop in the middle of town where the pho was on par to what I would get back home.The most important thing about pho is the broth. I don't care what you put in the noodle--the broth has to be homemade and stewed for hours. The aroma of fresh beef soup filled the place right when you walk in. I knew I was in for a treat. The soup was very flavorful--no additional seasoning needed! The only complaint I had was that they did not give me enough meat and the noodles were a little on the chewy side. However, for a pho restaurant in MKE....its as good as it gets and I was overjoyed when I left. I will definitely be returning in the future.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,3/16/2011,28,102,2,3,3>Von Trier has really been through some things in the past couple years. I used to like going here early in the night, because it was quiet. Once the old owner let things fall into disrepair, I stopped going, because it crossed that threshold between kitschy dive bar and filthy stanky bar. I was really glad to see it open up again with the same décor. Everything is cleaner and shinier and they serve all of their draught beer in the proper glassware. If you order a Bitburger, it will be served in a tall Bitburger glass and not a Miller Lite pint glass. There are also certain nights of the week where they have specials on their huge liters of beer. In the summer, nothing quite beats sitting out in what I describe as the only real beer garden in the area. It's actually enclosed in stone walls with decorative iron over the openings and there are various sized picnic tables to sit at. The balcony portion that was closed off for so long under the previous owner is now available to sit at as well. The staff here is great. There always seems to be a server present to take your drink orders if you choose to sit at one of the tables. The bartenders are also very friendly and very well dressed. They seem to care about every detail here. One bartender in particular - I think he's also part owner - is always amicable and professional. This place is fast becoming a favorite place to have a drink early in the night. My only complaint is that it gets crowded after about 8pm and the music gets to be a little too loud.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2011,11/9/2011,56,86,5,4,5>Margarita Paradise is quickly becoming my go-to stop for a quick bite and a tasty margarita. One day a few months ago I stopped in for the first time to have a margarita while walking along the Riverwalk, and was very pleasantly surprised at how tasty the margarita was, and how fast & friendly the service was. My margarita (see the pic) was served with a cheery "Hola! Como estas?", and a very handsome smile. I vowed I would be back to have some grub next time.This past week's events dictated the absolute need for a margarita....or someone was gonna get hurt. I walked to the Milwaukee Market with my lovely best friend after work; we sat down at the counter & ordered some tacos and I got my precious. (see what I did there) It was just as tasty as it was the time before. Nothin' fancy, but again: I'm not a "high-maintenance" type of lady. As long as it tastes good & the service is polite, I'm there. I got 2 carne asada flour tacos and a fish taco. That same cheery dude with the wicked mohawk & handsome smile served us promptly & very cheerfully again (I think I have a crush on him?). The tacos were delicious and just what the doctor ordered. The bite-sized steak pieces inside my tacos were cooked medium well, which is impressive. I like that you can choose your topping method- La Raza is my favorite. My best friend had never eaten here before, but she liked the food so much she ate the entire basket of freshly made chips.The food is inexpensive, fresh, colorful and well cooked. The margaritas are tasty, and the service rocks. I'm gonna flirt with Mr. Mohawk next time I go back.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2011,11/8/2011,73,356,2,2,2>I'm slowly, but surely becoming a Caribou Convert.  They always have three different roasts to offer, as opposed to Starbucks' one and sometimes two.  The greatest part about this coffee is that it's less expensive to begin with, but they give you a major discount for bringing in your own cup.  How major?  Try 50 cents!  Yeah, that's huge.  Bring your cup to the competitor and you'll be lucky the cashier remembers to give you your 5 cent discount. This coffee shop is cheap, good, fast and friendly. Now I just wish I didn't have all these Starbucks gift cards laying around...
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2011,11/7/2011,26,70,,6,4>Easily the best BBQ I've had in Milwaukee! The pulled pork and brisket was so tender and simply fell apart on its own. I can't wait to try the pulled chicken too!The sides? Last week I got the mac n cheese and it was so freaking delicious that I thought I was going to have an aneurysm. It was creamy, not at all greasy or oily, and had some kind of seasoning that gave it just the right bite. I was seriously going nuts over it the first time I tried it. Today I got it again and it just wasn't the same. I'm hoping today was a fluke and not actually the norm. Potato salad was also great... nice firm potato chunks. (I hate mushy potato salad.) I've eaten barbecue all over the place... from Hawaii to Florida. And this place can definitely hold it's own against any other BBQ joint. *BBQ's is located in the old Quizno's location in the Marathon station at 107th and Brown Deer. Don't be deterred by the fact it's in a gas station. It's truly a diamond in the rough.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2011,11/6/2011,94,294,1,7,6>This was stop number two on our sister's day out. I had heard such good things about the spirits and the tour. We were excited to see what GLD is all about. GLD is a small, locally owned distillery. When we walked in, I felt like I was in a warehouse. To the left is a small 'bar' area. Behind that is the retail area. Behind the retail area is the actual distillery. On the left side in front is the tasting area for after the tour. It is very hot in summer, so our next visit will be in fall.Before the tour, we had time to order specialty cocktails. Each drink was made with love and fresh ingredients. I had the Corpse Reviver - whoa! Loved it. My sisters order a Killer Bee and Kirsch. Those were delicious as well.The free tour was interesting and lasted about 40 minutes. The tour is informal so people can refill their drinks or whatever. The tasting after the tour was not only delicious, but a real learning experience. We learned about the ingredients in each bottle of the different spirits. The tasting costs $5, but you get a $3 off coupon to use in their store. I loved their vodka,  infused vodka, brandy, gin, rum and even absinthe (the hibiscus is beyond words). I bought gin, brandy and a bottle of hibiscus absinthe. I also got this really sweet t-shirt and absinthe lip balm (only $1.99 and contains healthy ingredients). I would definitely come back! This is a must do activity for locals and visitors alike. It is important to support local business. This is the only craft distillery in Wisconsin, you know.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,11/5/2011,92,265,,5,6>Backstory:Can one change their sports rooting interests after 25+ years? This debate raged this summer (my third living in Milwaukee) as I grew disenchanted with the Chicago Cubs and the "product" they put on the field. I joked via Twitter that I'd been "flirting with the Brewers" for the better part of three summers, so it might be time to root for the team in my new home. On to the review...Review:For someone who has only been to a game at 6 of the major league baseball parks in this country (most in the Midwest/Great Lakes region), it's tough to say this is "the best ballpark in the country." While Miller Park may never hold claim to that lofty designation, it is a great place and provides a nice experience for a baseball game.For starters, the tailgating is a must. It's a way of life here in Wisconsin. Baseball fans take their cues from the Packers "up north" and arrive at the park hours before the first pitch to light their grills, cook their brats, tip back a few cold ones, and play heated rounds of ladder golf and bags before going in to root on the Brew Crew. You may think "sure, every sports team tailgates" but Brewers fans treat a Wednesday night game like it's a college football Saturday or pro football Sunday.The park isn't too shabby either. You can catch a game rain or shine thanks to the automated roof (a must for those early April games when there is still a bitter chill in the air and snow on the ground), enjoy the standard ballpark concessions, and get a great view of the field -- no matter if you're sitting in the 400 section or right along the third base line. At a recent game, I sat in the right field bleachers and watched a violent thunderstorm thanks to the northside glass panels as well as an entertaining game on the field. The staff is excellent, there is a "family friendly" alcohol free zone, and I'd be shorting you part of the experience if I didn't mention the sausage race in the middle of the 6th inning (always root for Italian) and Bernie the Brewer's slide after every home run. I also must mention the excellent radio play-by-play of Bob Uecker (also known for playing this role in the movie "Major League").Overall, it's a nice experience for a game made even better thanks to easy parking (and exit, if you know the "secret" way out), tailgating, friendly staff, and the little things that tie it all together.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,11/4/2011,33,43,3,5,2>You are what you eat.If this is true, then there was a few weeks of my life where I turned into a beef noodle bowl. I was so happy with the discovery of this traditional dish that I made up for lost time and ate here so often that workers/owner recognized me everytime I entered. The food's generally great here, but the owner/ head chef is genuinely a nice person- not sure if he even knows my name but he comes out to greet me and gives me the daily recommendation whenever he can.ie. "Try the 'Amazing Beef'- it is truly amazing!"- how could I say no to that? (note: the amazing beef wasnt horrible but wasn't amazing either)My favorites:The beef noodle bowl is delicious and comes in massive quantities. It takes some effort to finish on your ownThe potstickers and dumplings are filling and mouth wateringStir fried green beans with pork- perfectly cooked greens:  light and crisp on the outside with a crunchy springy rebound with every bite.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2011,11/3/2011,21,100,2,3,2>My wife and I decided to try the burger challenge for ourselves to see which establishment is in fact better, AJ Bombers or Sobelman's.  And hands down, I give this trophy to Sobelman's.  Since eating there, my mouth has been waiting to sink its teeth into another perfect burger.   I noticed when arriving at Sobelman's, that they were very busy for a Thursday night, but I was very impressed how fast they got us seated, and the wait staff was very polite.  To make this review short and sweet, I'll just say that the loser burger is juicy and the bun was perfect and just delicious!  The appetizers are excellent as well, I really recommend the onion rings and jalapeno caps.   For those of you that like to try new things, Sobelman's has a burger of the month that can really be different but just as delicious.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,11/2/2011,8,88,,5,2>Ah ma zing!My boss is always raving about this place, so I really wanted to not like it.  I was wrong, there is no not liking this place.We went on a Saturday morning for an early lunch.  The lobster bisque soup was amazing!  It was the perfect blend of salty awesomeness I couldn't get enough of!  I had the tuna sandwich special with a side of pomme frites. I love a good tuna steak and this is top five on the list of tuna steak's I've ever eaten.  It was cooked perfectly, topped with cucumbers and sprouts.  It had a side of garlicy sauce that I used to dip my perfectly crisp french fries in.I also thoroughly enjoyed my double macchiatto.  Credit is due to the barista!  I wish I would have saved room for dessert, but I guess I will have to make a return trip.  And maybe a few of those!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2011,11/1/2011,96,79,2,2,2>Freshly fried mini doughnuts...you cant go wrong! So warm and delicious...this is the perfect place for a midnight snack. This little drive thru is conveniently located close to DT Milwaukee with late night hours to satisfy your sweet tooth. If you order the "small" bag with 6 doughnuts..you will get a bag full of yumminess..more than enough. They are made on the spot and then coated with sugar and cinnamon. They remind me of those cute little Hostess doughnuts that you can get at the supermarket, except these are FRESH and hot! Almost taste like beignets.  I also get a cup of Chai tea/Coffee with my purchase...the perfect combo.I have not tried the hotdogs here yet, but no worries I will be returning sometime this week.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,10/31/2011,34,86,,3,2>One of our favorite restaurants. This is a fine dining establishment, and an intimate place. Therefore, large groups might have trouble being accommodated, and children will need impeccable manners.Wonderful wine list and the staff are more knowledgeable than most about the selection and food pairings. White linen tablecloths but completely unstuffy. Reminds me of the restaurants in Florence, with better lighting!
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,10/21/2014,46,89,3,7,5>Why do I find Larry's Market 2 days before I move to the south side???????? This place. is awesome. I think I did a cheese tasting class here about 10 years back, but I wasn't sure.  All I know is that I was a big dummy for not getting a sandwich to eat at that class. It would have changed the last decade of my life.The service at the deli was really great.  I was helped by a woman who gave me any samples my heart desired.  I was stuck between the Honey Mustard Chicken Salad Sandwich and the Oven Roasted Turkey (that they apparently roast in house-- wowzaz)--- I went with the Honey Mustard Chick Salad.  It was soooo good.I got Barb's Broccoli Salad as my side, per recommendation of friendly server, and it was as good as she claimed.  The parmesan pasta salad also looked incredibly delicious.I came home with a veggie quiche (another recommendation of my friendly server), and can't wait to pop that in the oven.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2014,10/20/2014,39,62,1,5,5>My lovely and I stopped in a few days after our move from Boston, and were pleasantly surprised to find a bad-ass chair for comfy reading and a washer/dryer set.  We were in luck, too, that the items we wanted also were part of the daily sale, so we ended up paying $103 for everything.  I also loved looking through the stains and paints...Very affordable for projects where you might not need exact matches.  OH!  And we found a cute little hook for our oven mitts.There were some great finds here; I imagine it's a spot to visit every once in awhile, just to see if they have that thing you've been thinking might be cool for your home.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,10/19/2014,61,283,,6,4>Service: excellent, friendly, helpful, patient and funnyDrinks: I love drink specials.  Decent list and yummy minty mojitosFood: Best oysters in town.  They serve them with freshly grated horseradish (yum) cocktail sauce, and a peppery mignonette that is AMAZING!  Unlimited corn bread and honey butter that is so good you think mama cooked it.  The popcorn fried crawfish appetizer was very good not over fried or over seasoned.  I have never had friend green tomatoes so I can't compare but they were tasty.  I had the jambalaya and I wasn't crazy about it but I think I'm just not a jambalaya girl.  The shrimp and grits were AMAZING though.  BEWARE: the andouille sausage is hot hot hot.Finally I thought the dessert left something to be desired but really this place is pretty awesome.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,10/18/2014,23,75,,7,5>Update: I haven't been since, however Honeypie offers what they call a Pie-Gram. It's where you can order a 6" pie in a handful of flavors ranging from their Bourbon Fudge, Salted Brownie, Coconut Vanilla Bean, Cherry, Blueberry and Strawberry Rhubarb. There are more flavors that I can't remember. Essentially for $15 you can order a pie gram and have it shipped to anyone. The first time I did this, I emailed them to double check they were actually sending it to the person I ordered it for, not me. They responded promptly! And we're so friendly. I've ordered again recently to honor my "Pay it Forward" gifts. I even got one for my fiancé so we can try one.   I bought either the bourbon fudge or salted brownie one for a previous pay it forward. Whatever pie they got, they loved. I'm excited to try one!! You go online to order. They offer singles and doubles. Maybe even more but I can't remember. Shipping is included in the price. It's a great gift idea!! Visit: Decided to try this place for a lunch date with my girlfriends dad and his friend. We weren't too disappointed. The atmosphere and decor is "back of the woods" meets hipster. There are deer and ducks on the walls accompanied by some old-time photos and a fish on the other and modern music in the background. There's a full bar; lots of liquor options. We came in at about noon on a Friday and it wasn't busy at all. You sit yourself when you go in and there are tables designated for bigger parties. We sat in the corner by the map of Bay View, which I particularly enjoyed as I am a new resident of the area. Glenn ordered the pulled pork BBQ sandwich and I ordered the lambwich. All the sandwiches come with fries, you can substitute for $2. I don't really get that, but whatevs. The fries were really good. Glenn said his sandwich was awesome and it looked it. My first time trying lamb and I quite enjoyed it. The bread was soft, which I very much enjoyed. Everything seemed very fresh. Brian just got eggs and bacon. Standard but good. No parking lot, it's off-street parking. I'm not sure when the busiest times are, I'd assume probably weekend nights.The desserts/pies seem to be what makes Honeypie, Honeypie. Hence the name? Idk, but we didn't try any desserts. I guess that's for next time. There wasn't a dessert menu for the table, which honestly would be quite helpful, in my opinion. So at the end of the day, I don't really get it. I think Honeypie Café doesn't have a clear message of who/what they are. I think they're confused. Guess it's Country Hipster Desserts. All in all it was a great visit. Waitress was nice enough and prices were as expected. I'll be back to try again with my lady love.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,10/17/2014,66,118,,8,3>Tucked inside an unassuming block building in Walker's Point is Wayward Kitchen Co. Although one of the new players in town, their love of good food will soon carve their initials into the Milwaukee food scene. Doing their part to showcase local spirits and shop local for the best and freshest ingredients, why not try one of their innovative desserts after your Kimchi Fried Rice or in my opinion, one of the best burgers in the city?Good enough for breakfast, the Cream Cheese & Walnut Blondie with Red Velvet Ice Cream is breaking all of the rules for you. The brownie is the frosting and the ice cream is your cake. All-natural coloring gives this homemade ice cream that signature, mahogany hue. The light cocoa flavor compliments the cream cheese and toasted nut in the Blondie. Using localy roasted coffee from Anodyne, Wayward mixes in Stoli Vanilla and Black Raspberry with a splash of Kringle Creme Liqueur to create Kringle Coffee. It tastes just like a raspberry Kringle straight out of Racine and adds a fruity note that compliments the dessert.The Dulce de Leche Chocolate Gingerbread Cake is moist, yet firm. The bright blackberry flavors from the reduction, as well as fresh berries add a brightness to the dessert. The dulce sauce is creamy and sweet to blend with the other flavors. If you care for a cherry on top, enjoy with a glass of the Picos del Montgo Garnacha. This wine boasts a silky mouth-feel with cassis and dark cherry notes.This one is not your traditional rice ball - it is much better. Crack into the crispy cinnamon and sugar spiced crust of the dessert Arancini to reveal coconut rice pudding with a heart of chocolate hazelnut spread. Swirl each bite through the house-made orange marmalade to brighten up the flavors. Mudpuppy Porter from Central Waters Brewing Co. is a cup of "Wisconsin Coffee" with the rich coffee, chocolate flavors in the beer.Wayward Kitchen Co. transfers a love of food into their menu. Adding years of industry experience to what they know and love takes everything to the next level and creates memorable dishes. They avidly support local businesses and keep their drink list true to self as well. Wayward is well positioned to please any local or food traveler looking to experience some of the best of Wisconsin has to offer.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,10/16/2014,62,119,4,5,5>Just a TIP and a reminder the body worlds exhibit is leaving shortly. Do not let this one get away. If you have seen it the time before you know it is to die for (literally) but if you cant afford the 25 per person to go than your luck you have 24 hours and counting to purchase a groupon for 2 admission for the price of 1 thats right $25 gets you and your loved one, best friend, mail man, neighbor, or someone loitering in to get some creepy cool culture. I know me and like 12 best friends are going. see you there ? groupon.com/deals/gl-bod
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2014,10/15/2014,71,160,2,3,6>A favorite of my hubby, so I find myself at this place when I'm in the Brady area. I went to the Garage side just the other night, they reopened just recently after a remodel - I like the openness - it always felt that the patio was so separate when they first opened it - so now it seems to have a better flow. I was in for happy hour which meant taps were half off, yes please! They had a pretty decent selection which had something for almost everyone. I had the Balzac Burger with tots. Woah it was a pretty darn good burger. Very moist, wonderfully sweet caramelized onions, flavorful peppercorn aioli, I had provolone on mine which was melted to perfection, on the perfect breadsmith bun (I'm very picky about burger buns, this one was perfect for it, right size, didn't get soggy, right proportion, and tasty by itself). The tots were also good, but I should have ordered the fries - they were the thick cut steak fries, but double fried - oh yum!Our waitress was very attentive which was great and even closed the garage door window when we got cold. I've also enjoyed drinks on the patio and drinks at HiHat. I think it's a pretty easy place to go and then decide what mood you're in since they have a little bit of everything.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,10/14/2014,14,38,1,9,5>I have only been here once so far, but I dream of the ceviche.I love Mexican ceviche, but had never had Peruvian style before. Instead of being garnished with pico-like ingredients, this is garnished with a big pile of mild red onion, fat Peruvian corn kernels, and a thick slice of sweet potato. There's plenty of 'juice' on the plate, and you should definitely use the spoon that comes on the plate to get as much with every bite as possible. This was the favorite thing I ate here.Also tried the empanadas, of which the chicken was our favorite. The filling was shredded chicken in a thick, flavorful sauce. The green sauce that comes with the empanadas and some other dishes is fantastic. It's like a creamy cilantro petso, and I ended up using some on my ceviche as well. Our server noticed we like it so much that she brought out another cup with our entrees.The beef in the tacu tacu was very tender, and the sauce was very savory. The pyramid of rice and beans (helllllo 90s) was tasty but a little but overcooked and mushy. The fried egg was cooked over easy. Seafood paella was a little bit disappointing. There was a ton of rice, but not a ton else. The only vegetable of note was peas, and I was hoping for more seafood. While it tasted good, it got a little boring about halfway through. I would have like more different vegetables or even meat to bring a little more interest. The mussels were the biggest I've ever seen, though. Overall it was pretty great though and worthy of another visit. I WILL be back for you, ceviche.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,10/13/2014,70,78,5,7,7>Jojo's is quite the hip bar for a strip mall location! It's not your average sports bar or a large chain. The place is small, quaint & classy. I particularly like the house / techno videos shown on a 10' screen. They always seem to play my favorites. There are a number of large / magnum bottles of alcohol perched around the bar. FYI: they are glass & full, the real thing. So cool, the buyer offered to order me the magnum of Jagermeister bottle since I am a Jaeger fan.  The prices are excellent & the happy hour is one of the best around. Try the cheeseburger pizza if your hungry, it's pretty darn good.The bartenders & waitresses are extremely attentive & friendly.  They never leave me waiting for my next drink. Great place to go late night on Sunday. While most bars close early, Jojo's pulls an all nighter till 2am.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2014,10/12/2014,41,225,7,7,7>Me and my wife came here to celebrate our 1 year anniversary.  We were not disappointed!  As we waited to be seated this guy that looked like a regular said to us "you're about to get the best seat in the house".  As we were seated in the booth at the end of the bar, I looked at him and gave him the thumbs-up.  It was quite a nice experience from that point forward.  I recommend that booth at the end of the bar if at all possible, it's a great view of the entire front dining room and kitchen as you dine.Speaking of the kitchen... how crazy is it that all the food is made in the little nook in the front of the restaurant?  Very cool.  The food is fantastic by the way, let's get down and dirty...Apps.  Crab cakes were the special and I found them to be average but unique in flavor, my wife felt they were her favorite in Milwaukee.  She really liked the dill remoulade that was on them.I favored the bacon-wrapped dates.  They were salty from the bacon yet sweet from the date, and I used my bread to sop up every bit of the leftover chipotle-tomato sauce they were served with.  I would definitely get those dates again.Onto the entrees.  My wife got a steak for the first time ever in our 5 year relationship.  It was the flat iron steak - and it was CHOICE.  It was served with a bourbon molasses sauce and holy nuts was it good.  I'm not a big steak fan either, but if you serve me a wooden plank covered in this sauce I would find a way to consume it.  Great steak.I got the Crazy Shrimp and they were crazy-good.  I loved this sauce even more than the flat iron steak sauce.  I also really enjoyed that you got a decent amount of shrimp, chorizo, and veggies.  Sometimes when you order a dish with rice it's way too high on the rice-to-other-ratio, but this was great.  A small scoop of rice along with a lot of tasty meats and vegetables.  I will have a hard time not getting the Crazy Shrimp and Dates appetizer every time we come back... but there are so many other appetizers in particular I want to try.  I have such a hard life.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,9/14/2013,21,177,,4,3>Simple and yummy.  I have tried only breakfast, but it was very good.  Friendly service.  The pumpkin pancakes were excellent.  This may sound weird, but not too pumpkiny.  My wife had the Korean style breakfast which was like bi bim bap (one of the owner's is Korean).  The atmosphere is bright and cheery which we certainly need in Wisconsin this "spring."  Good for kids.  Nice service.  I give it an extra star for creativity.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,9/13/2013,63,87,,4,3>Right when you enter from the north side of the building (parking lot entrance) you'll see the Green Kitchen. Perfect for those looking to grab a sandwich to go or a smoothie as a healthy option. I've had to opportunity to try a few of the different sandwiches and my favorite by far is the #11 - chicken, tomato, mozzarella, pesto, ciabatta bread. Each sandwich yields a large portion and could act solo as a meal. Similar experience to others, you may have to wait depending on the time and the line (grilling the ciabatta takes longer than other grilled sandwiches). I'm not sure if others have had experience with this - I love the pesto sauce, but every time I always find that it is a little too rich for my stomach. Might be helpful to ask them to go light on the pesto. Plus you'll avoid ridiculous garlic breath. And that's always a plus.My first time at The Green Kitchen, I couldn't decide what I wanted and since it nearing the end of the night, not many customers in line, the woman making my sandwich was kind enough to mix and match two sandwiches without asking. Normally I wouldn't be okay with this, but I was pleasantly surprised. I'm sure she would have given me the option of a different sandwich if it was really a problem.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,9/12/2013,83,182,,11,4>This is probably the most professional nail salon that I have ever been to. Sure you can go to other "spas" for the same type of ambiance, but most nail salons are much more casual. They really go over and above here and exceeded my expectations. My nail tech (Marissa) was extremely nice and provided great customer service. When I couldn't decide on a shellac color, she offered to test a few different colors on my nails so I could pick. Her attention to detail during the manicure was evident and resulted in a perfect shellac mani. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,9/11/2013,28,118,3,7,6>My friend and I have the same affliction:  We are both equal parts adventurous and indecisive.  It's a rough combo.  So while our attempts to select a place for Sunday brunch may have taken a good 30 minutes via instant messenger, our final pick was a great one.  I do believe, friends, I have found Milwaukee's finest plate of Corned Beef Hash, which was recommended by our waitress.  It was incredible, and was coupled with two eggs made to my liking, hashbrowns (also delicious), fresh fruit and toast of my choice - which for me, was a walk down memory lane with cinnamon sugar toast.  My friend had the french toast, which she described as the best of her life.  Now, this girl doesn't eat eggs, so I'm led to believe she's had a piece of french toast or two in her life.  The french toast was coated with a delicious batter that included oatmeal.  It was hearty and tasty.  Of course the ambiance has all the old Milwaukee charm you could ask for, and I saw about 15 additional items on the menu that I'd like to try.  I mean, come on people, there is an entire section of the menu entitled "Melty Goodness."  How can I resist?  I'll be back, I gar-on-tee it.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,9/10/2013,56,86,4,4,4>Stand in front of C Adams' glass case of treats & bask in its awesomeness. I certainly did the other day. I was sitting at home feeling perfectly fine, then I heard the siren song from their butter cookies. I had to go to it. As I stood & admired all of the delicious looking types of cake bites (while telling myself to only spend $5) I was a bit disappointed at the price of $1.50 each. But alas, the song that drew me to C Adams was from the butter cookies anyway, and for a measly $0.50 each, I would've been remiss not to answer the call! They even had a jar full of my favorite, the chocolate chip butter cookie. Its texture is sublime; slightly crispy, but velvety and sweet. This is the kind of cookie that can make your day in an instant.I also got a L'oreo cookie. At $2.00, I thought its price to be a bit steep, but that chocolaty marvel is leaps & bounds better than that Nabisco cookie of a similar name. I nibbled it as I drove home, & had the urge to sing Smokey Robinson's "Oooh Baby Baby" to the cookie. Seriously.Need I say more?
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,9/9/2013,44,118,2,5,5>You know you love a pizza when your mouth is watering within a block of the place. I grew up on Lapham and we would walk every week to the location on Greenfield Ave. They moved to the Forest Home location after Mama Maria passed away. The same family still runs it after all these years. I love the Maria's special but had to bargain with my husband. We got a large sausage pizza. It tastes exactly as I remembered it. My favorite are the end pieces. The crust is extra thin and always goes way off the pan. We have to fight eachother for the left overs. It is cash only and the large pizzas start around $16.75 for sausage and up for more toppings. The pizza is something that will always be my favorite and brings back many great childhood memories.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,9/8/2013,73,141,4,2,2>It is just like home for me...reminds me of the olden days back in Germany. if i were like really old and originally from germany, but instead my ancestors were, so i'm diggin it still.  These are my people, this is my fest.  Red Cabbage.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,9/7/2013,17,72,5,7,3>Yay For Books.I've reviewed a bunch of the other libraries in town but I didn't get out to West Allis much when I lived on the East Side.Now that I live in Washington Heights it's just a hop/skip/jump away from my house and I'm there as often as at the Wauwatosa Lib, which is just about equidistant from West Allis.The two, it should be said, are pretty different from one another.  Though both have ample parking, West Allis seems to cater to a more computer-deficient population.  It seems like a good portion of the people in the library every day are there to use the computers.  That says something about society, but I'm not sure what.At any rate, they also have a ton of books.  The sci-fi section, in particular, is the best in the federated library system.  Tosa has maybe six or seven stacks of sci-fi books, but 'Stallis has entire ROWS of sci-fi.  Obviously, someone who was in charge of buying books at some point in the past has been a sci-fi junkie like myself.  The selection is great.The new book selection is pretty good as well, although likely not as good as Tosa and certainly not anything like Central.  But it's adequate, for sure.They even have a fountain in the foyer that smells like hecka chlorine.Chlorine makes me think of summer and pools and water parks and girls in bikinis.I like Chlorine.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,9/6/2013,190,322,2,12,7>So far Pho Hai Tuyet has the best pho that I've had in the city, and I've had pho at 7 or 8 places, at least. Why Pho Hai Tuyet? It's the only place where I didn't want to add anything to the broth. I thought it was perfect for my taste buds as is.I rarely venture from pho when I visit Vietnamese restaurants, but I'd heard that the Banh Mi here was the best.So I stopped in the Bayside location and ordered one for lunch. When it arrived at my table, I was stunned at the size of the sandwich. It was much larger than I was expecting.It was filled with braised and marinated pork, shredded carrots, onions, jalapeno slices, cilantro and a large spear of cucumber that was almost the length of the bread roll. To top it off, mayo is spread on the bread. The bread was very crisp on the outside, yet soft on the inside, and served warm! It was the perfect density as to allow the filling to be more pronounced. I would compare it to a french baguette and say it was closer to a loaf of bread than a sandwich roll. I didn't have my tape measure with me that day, but I would guess the sandwich was around 12-13 inches long.At just under $10, I would certainly say it was worth every penny. I'll have to make it a point to skip the pho and Banh Mi in the future just so I can explore the rest of the menu. I'm sure I'm missing out on other Southeast Asian goodies.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,9/5/2013,53,87,,8,6>Here is what you need to know to make Miss Katie's a great experience: It's a diner. The atmosphere is super casual with stainless steel, white tile and the classic vinyl booths and chairs. It is not fancy. It is retro-cool. The waitstaff is going to call you "honey" and tell you when you need to wait because they are busy, but they are going to be efficient and very sweet to you...when you leave. The food is going to be good, but it is not making the cover of Food & Wine magazine. Omelettes, meatloaf, hash browns, corned beef hash, burgers, open-faced turkey sandwiches...classic diner fare. Because this is owned by Pitch's, you're also going to get some great BBQ.  My favorite is the shredded pork BBQ with a side of hash browns.Next to the restaurant seating, you'll find a long oval bar. You can get cocktails, beer, and bloody's at the bar as well as dine there if you wish. This is a great place to go for lunch if you are dining solo and are uncomfortable sitting in a restaurant alone. You will fit right in with the crowd of college students and  professors from nearby Marquette U and local business people. There is an old juke box, a pinball machine and a super cool old shuffleboard table. It's a fun place to have a couple of beers, play some shuffleboard and watch sports. I've had great experience with bringing in groups and the owners are a delight to work with.  People find it intriguing that President Clinton and German Chancellor Kohl had lunch here, as well as knowing both Hillary and Michelle Obama visited Miss Katie's on the campaign trail. Just had a group of 30 here for lunch on Sunday and everyone had a great time...even when the Coconut Cream pie ran out.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,5/14/2014,38,84,2,6,6>After a few times being here, I understand why we keep going back.   The food is absolutely amazing.   The Green Curry with pork might be one of the best dishes of food I have ever eaten.  It is a coconut milk and green curry broth with green peppers, in this case pork, bamboo shoots, and at least one variety of basil.  You ladel it over rice and it is the most amazing thing ever.  Fortunately,  it was very filling, so I have leftovers for lunch!  This dish has it all: spice, herbal components, earthiness, a silky mouthfeel, broth, and exoticness.My companion had the Volcano Tofu.  I haven't had it in so long that I had forgotten what it is that I like so much about Volcano dishes.  It isn't the meat or protein, it is the carrots and cabbage in that delicious spicy sauce.Skip everything else and get the Green Curry!!!Secret spot for a wonderful and quiet weekend evening dinner.  And the service was extraordinary too.  Even though there rarely are people dining at night (I've no idea why not other than the strip mall location), the waiter was very attentive and yet not overbearing.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,5/13/2014,40,89,2,7,3>Simply Wonderful! Overall, Sunday at 0930, ten minute wait for two. Really busy. Service was good. A bit chilly by the door. Will will  be back sooner than later! Pro: the husband and I both enjoyed our meals. Me- the egg platter with short stack of pumpkin pancakes. Highly recommend paying the extra for the pancakes. No syrup needed. I like my buttermilk pancakes chewy, and light at the same time... Score! The husband had Apple crumble French toast-really good. I liked it better than Wolf Peach's to be honest. Not too sweet, very fresh. Everything was done just right. I don't like salt or too much oil/ butter and found everything to be incredibly fresh. Con-is there a menu inline? I didn't see one so posted a picture for all of you. I also didn't know they do phone orders/ take out I assume. Excellent, considering I live super close. So these are cons only because I didn't see this on the website or maybe I didn't look too hard either? Oh well;)
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,5/12/2014,24,66,10,5,4>"Harry: Why would she have you meet her in a bar at ten in the morning?Lloyd: I just figured she was a raging alcoholic."Who am I kidding. My normal arrival time is probably closer to 9. Good coffee. Good people. And a little booze if you're so inclined.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,5/11/2014,58,222,,8,4>Foods to definitely eat while at Allium: Definitely, definitely, absolutely the butterscotch rum pudding. Do Not Skip This. Also, the potato stack. Both of these dishes sound mild-mannered, but are done so perfectly. If you order a pizza, be aware that they are pretty tiny, and took quite a bit of time to come to our table. We're talking smaller than a personal pan pizza at pizza hut. If you get the flat bread with prosciutto and arugula, know that it's more like a quesadilla than a flat bread, but delicious. The smoked trout dish was lovely, but I didn't taste the horseradish anywhere. I loved the ambiance of the place, and our server was incredibly in tune to our table.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,5/10/2014,114,173,,12,8>This may be my new favorite restaurant. I could easily come here once a week to dine. To preface, my grandmother was Peruvian but did not cook her national dishes for us, so I did not experience Peruvian cuisine until I traveled there to see my family there several years ago where I sampled everything I could.The interior is bright, clean, and welcoming with booths alongside the perimeter.We started with papa rellanas (almost like a fried mashed potato ball filled with beef) and a beef empanada. I'd definitely get the empanadas again. The cilantro chile sauce served on the side isaddicting and could easily become the new Sriracha.Then we split the chupe de camarones which had about 10 good sized shrimps mixed in with Peruvian corn, soft boiled egg, and rice. So warm and filling, the perfect meal on its own for a cold night.I had the beef tacu tacu - canary beans mixed with rice, beef, and a red wine sauce with tomatoes and onions. It was delicious, not spicy, and the beef was very tender. Ryan S. had the lomo saltado which is a Peruvian-Asian inspired dish of stir fried beef with yucca fries and rice. Also delicious. We topped the meal off with a tiny taste of the lucuma mousse which was kind of frozen (not sure if that was intentional). Lucuma is a favorite of mine so I looked past that and enjoyed the dessert.I can't wait to go back and try all the dishes and hopefully attend one of the monthly buffets. Service was friendly and not overbearing. I recommend adding Chef Paz on Facebook to see daily specials and such. And prices were very reasonable!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,5/9/2014,155,81,2,11,9>Just where does a woman go to get good auto repair in Milwaukee?  The question was daunting.  I'm not mechanical and was in need of developing a relationship with someone who would do a good job of maintaining my used car at a price I could afford. I'm pleased to say I found exactly what I was looking for in Ray's OK Service.  They were chosen after careful selection and the referral from a friend.  I did my homework on the service I needed - a dealer would have charged me three times as much.  They were courteous, knowledgeable and clearly wanted my business.  As a bonus they made it easy for me, offering a ride to and from the shop to where I was working nearby.  Ray's stands by their service as well.  There's a warranty on their work and they said if there's any additional followup they will take care of it.  I am so happy to have established a relationship with them!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,5/8/2014,155,417,2,10,8>A friend told me about the Door County Sled Dog Rides and I knew I had to try it out. You can get information from their website, Facebook page, (facebook.com/pages/Door-) or by calling their hotline. I think most of the time they're at Whitnall Park, but the weekend we happened to visit, they were near McKinley Marina. We found easy parking in their nearby lot and headed into the line. It was pretty busy! It's $15 per person to ride and it all goes to a great cause - their non-profit. All of the dogs are rescues and so friendly. At home, the dogs are able to run and are never chained up. Here for the event, they were tied up near their traveling bus so everyone could pet them and give them some cuddles and love. They liked that, but I could tell what they really loved was getting out there and running the sleigh. We got there right when they opened at 11:00, but everyone apparently had the same idea. We waited 1.5 hours for our ride. Not a fun wait in the cold, but there are plenty of dogs to cuddle and the ride, albeit short, was so worth it! It was really, really fun. Two people can ride at a time (or maybe three kids). All of the volunteers running the event were so friendly and fun and were happy to impart knowledge or answer any questions. This is a great winter activity to try - kids and adults will love it. Next time, I'd like to try the Whitnall Park location. The volunteers said there is a warming house there where you can get hot chocolate while you wait for your ride!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,5/7/2014,140,249,4,9,8>I've been to Wherehouse/Hot Water for several events. The venue itself is really cool - Hot Water is more of what you would think of as the "bar" side while Wherehouse is the dance club (also with a bar and seating at the bar and tables) with a cool 2nd floor VIP lounge. The chandelier hanging above the lounge is so beautiful! Wherehouse offers free dance lesson several times during the week. The schedule is posted on their website, and no partner is necessary as there are plenty of people willing to dance!Drink prices are reasonable. I had one of the best lemon drops of my life here (they made it with Grey Goose Citron) - and it was only $5! The margaritas are well poured and delicious. The bartenders are also very friendly and happy to serve :)The venue is also available to rent out for private parties/events. I think this would be a really fun place for a wedding reception..... hmmm, I might be looking into that ;)
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,5/6/2014,38,61,3,9,4>I've been coming here for a long time. This is my favorite steak and steak place in Milwaukee. First the supper club atmosphere. My first time here was in 1998, when it was Coerper's (I still call it that). I got the feeling that it has looked the same for 40 years (and possibly with the same servers). In 2013, it is still the same. The steak... I started with the 16oz Filet Mignon and have never looked back. It comes out as a giant lump of charcoal as big as two fists, sitting on top a buttery Worcestershire type of au jus. As you cut into it, you realize the black is just a tasty facade, giving way to a juicy, pink piece of meat. Since my first time 15 years ago, I've come to appreciate all cuts of meat, but I just can't bear to leave my first love. I love you.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,5/5/2014,70,316,,10,7>You had me at empanadas. Add in tostones and plantanos in every possible form and I'm a happy camper. Dinner with a dozen Yelpers and everything I tasted was delicious. I barely touched my meal after sharing the appetizers and the soup that came with. I had Monfongo with camarones - mine in a red tomato sauce as opposed to the garlic butter that Brian had. The shrimp was cooked well, the mofongo was garlicky and yummy and I really wish I'd been able to eat more - I took home a ton of leftovers, but shrimp really doesn't reheat well. It was yet another cold and snowy late March day, but the feeling inside as cozy and warm - loved the tropical decor as an escape from frigid Wisconsin. The bartender made me some house concoction that was delicious, fruity and sweet and I was later informed had about 7 alcohols in it. It was good, but probably not $7 good. In fact, all the drinks were a few dollars more than I thought necessary. Food was all inexpensive and it felt like they were trying to "make up" that money at the bar.  I'd rather have spent the extra $1-2 the meal was worth than to feel like they were trying to hide $ on the bar bill. Overall a filling, homey meal where you can tell the food has that taste of passion for their roots.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2011,5/29/2011,41,168,,6,2>Wow. Already planning my next trip back to Glorioso Bros. I was there for the first time last week after reading two positive reviews on Yelp. I used to live in NYC with a very traditional Italian family so I was thrilled when I found all of my favorite Italian foods here! Not just the usual Italian stuff you'll find at Pick N Save but genuine Italian pastas and sauces. Mmm.  I came here to eat dinner at the deli but I will certainly be back to do some grocery shopping. For $3, I bought a Meatball & Provolone sandwich. I can absolutely say it was one of the best I've had in Milwaukee. I could tell the meatballs were freshly made. Great sauce flavors too. It wasn't very big but it still filled me up... and for only $3!I also tried the Napoleon dessert. The bakery looked too good to turn down! And I was right... well worth it.I don't see how anyone could possibly be disappointed here.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,5/28/2011,96,79,2,4,4>so good, sooo tasty, sooooo perfectly cooked and it also won the food network challenge against Sobelman's for the best burger in town.I LOVE the bomber burger--Huge portobello mushroom stuffed with four kinds of cheese, deep fried and then top on a greatly seasoned/perfectly cooked patty and top off with a great bun. now THATS how a burger is suppose to be! not to mention the garlic fries are so yummy. This place has never let me down, very consistent in the quality of the food. The atmosphere is great..and also they got peanuts flying all over the place (Literally)Fun for the family and great to take friends. not to mention..i saw tony hawk here once :)
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,5/27/2011,48,58,3,5,5>Question: What can I say about Comet that hasn't been said in the other 180 reviews here?Answer: Probably nothing.However, I will say this:Comet has changed considerably in the past few years, yet it has kept everything that made it so great to begin with:The Stoner-influenced food menu, the wisely selected beer and wine options and the (mostly) great service. Comet is the type of place that you can visit in the morning for some coffee (and Jamo, if you're feeling adventurous) and then return to in the evening for dinner and drinks. p.s. You can even sneak back much later (1:25am) for a nightcap, but shh...5 red stars!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,5/26/2011,24,52,5,7,2>Once upon a time a frequent traveler remembered that paying $13 or $20 a day to park wasn't too bad, because you could park in a structure connected to the actual airport, so he drove first into Level 2 (the sign DID say 243 spots available). After driving around for 10 minutes and not finding a spot, he then drove up to the next level, where he once again drove around forever to find a spot. He finally found a spot on the next level up after being in the ramp for nearly 25 minutes. He flew off and returned a few days later, only to not remember where he parked as his memory was flush with visions of row after row after row of cars in a parking structure. On his next trip, he went back to his trusted friend, Milwaukee Fast Park and Relax. When he pulled in and presented his frequent parking card, THEY GAVE HIM A NEWSPAPER! Can you believe it? They told him to go park in row F. He did. He found a spot. He got out of the car and by the time he removed his luggage from the back of his car, a nice, warm shuttle bus was waiting with a friendly driver ready to help with the bags. Mr. Friendly Driver gave him his own personalized green card with the exact spot he had parked in. The shuttle dropped him right at the door, where he walked a few feet to the terminal. Nice. Fast forward. The frequent traveler returns to the airport. He walks to the arrivals area and walks out to the waiting shuttle and hops on. 2 minutes later he is at his car. How did he get there so fast? He gave him the Friendly Driver his green card of course. When the Frequent Traveler was leaving the lot, he smiled while he drank the free bottle of water he grabbed his car window on his way out. Why did he smile? Well, because he paid less than $6/day to park and he is earning free parking days. The frequent traveler is still smiling as he writes this review....
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2011,5/25/2011,8,114,,3,2>Solid little deli right off Water Street (next to Arts Performing Center--an unfortunate MKE landmark).  Order off the board behind the counter--pick your meat(s)/salads, then the bread, then your toppings.  A couple minutes later you've got a great sandwich.  They also serve soup as well.  I had tuna on rye while my co-worker went with roast beef and swiss on wheat (he proclaimed this as one of the best sandwiches he'd ever had).It is definitely a hole in the wall deli with some tables and seating.  Service was friendly and quick.We'll definitely head back again...
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,5/24/2011,296,1325,6,7,4>Yes, you will be the youngest people here... By far. Yes, the menu looks like a scrapbook of grandma's favorites ( hasenpfeffer!). There is nothing "cool" about Kegel's - it is completely old school. Dinners come with soup OR tomato juice, need I say more? You won't get anything healthy,but you will get: really decent milwaukee german food, a family owned business, someone playing cribbage in the bar and possibly a waitress named Darlene. Highly recommended.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,5/23/2011,20,147,10,8,7>Dear Ball'N Bisquit Catering,     I met you at the WMSE Chili Cook-off today. Both folks at your booth were very nice. You introduced me to your friend "The Devil's Taint". My eyes watered, my rosacea flared up and my roommates brow sweated profusely. Hours later, it provided great discomfort to both of our asses. I like your sense of humor almost as much as I liked your chili. Well done!Your new friend,Kip
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2010,5/22/2011,26,23,3,5,4>I must tell you first and foremost, that you HAVE to eat at this place. Not only is it a fresh fish market (fish flown in daily) but they have wonderful meals and amazing little extras!My husband and I were worried as we drove up. I mean, really? An old Ponderosa Buffet building? Yesh! That's the only reason this place didn't get my full five star rating. We thought for sure we were talking a botulism risk. But, as we're brave souls...we entered. The inside isn't too bad. Not fine dining, that's for sure, but comfortable and clean. The menu was a bit confusing. There were take-out orders for lunch, but I couldn't tell if you could actually get them when you dined in. As it turns out you can. So get this! THEY MAKE THEIR OWN HOMEMADE PITA BREAD AND DIPPING SAUCES AS A FREE APPETIZER. One sauce was a Tahini/Lemon, the other a very nice Humus and the third was what they called a "Fresh Salsa" but was more like a Middle Eastern tomato/cucumber salad. I could have stopped there because I ate so much of it. They just kept bringing more!The entrees where very nice. My husband got a perch sandwich that featured a whole school of perch. I had a piece and the breading was delectable. The Ahi Tuna Rolls in Mango Sauce and the Coconut Shrimp also wonderful. I want this to be my special hidden spot, but I know that little businesses don't survive without clientele. PLEASE GO THERE AND SUPPORT THEM? You'll love it if you love seafood. And if we can keep them in business we'll have a bountiful ocean harvest for years to come. Yes, even here in good old freshwater-lake-Wisco!
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,5/21/2011,41,76,2,2,3>This is sort of an odd review for me.  I've never owned a Mitsubishi and don't really want one but I've been going to this same shop since it was Dodge Chrysler Jeep.  I love working with the people here.Some years back when I bought a Jeep Grand Cherokee, they gave me this amazing deal of $1 oil changes - toast to them for that.  They have honored that deal for 4 plus years now.Not to mention, one of the best car salesman in the city works here... Darnell Granberry.  If you're looking to purchase a car stop in and ask for Darnell.  He is super knowledgeable, very fair, and just a cool guy.  Plus, he can get you other cars besides a Mitsubishi if that's not what you looking for.  Every time I stop in at the dealership, we catch up and I learn something new about the car business.Their service staff is very polite and always on time.  That is a major factor when you getting things done on your lunch hour.  Chris is great in the service area.  I've always had a good experience going here and that's why I continue to go back.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2011,5/19/2011,148,281,,7,6>It's hard to judge a place like this when it's 25 degrees out! But, with a Groupon days away from expiring, my husband and I stopped in for a cool treat on a cool day, that would likely be much better mid-summer.I love the option of getting several flavors per dish, so we both tried four, the chocolate peanut butter and chocolate almond were my favorites. They are generous with samples too, and with the 30+ options, it's nice to be able to try plenty before ordering. (Only one sample for me--chocolate/cinnamon/cayenne pepper, what a kick!)
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,8/5/2013,83,79,3,4,6>I admit it. I am a "surpie." We're people who love to go to AS&S and fondle the bric-a-brac, play with the the doohickeys, and peruse the possibilities that can be produced if one can envision what to do with it all. This place is an inventors paradise. I am sure that one could build a robot with the mix of bits and transistors and odd things to be found. I know a friend who replaces his toggle switches and parts in his Atari 2600 with finds here.But really, there's something for everyone at this place. Mad scientists can find beakers, fleakers, stands and tubing. Village People can find headdresses and helmets. Teachers can find gizmos to demonstrate solar and wind energy. Oddballs can find other odd things for their collections of oddities.I like buying gifts for my two godchildren there so that I appear to be the "cool uncle" who buys stomp rockets or skeleton models for the two boys. One cannot really describe the scavenger hunt (an actual one if you wish) that is AS&S. It's an adventure in a storefront. Go there.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,8/4/2013,185,276,3,6,4>4 stars?  YES.  For now, as I haven't done the whole Hinterland experience.  An update is required, me thinks.  But on this occasion: I came...... for the PHO.Pho-nomenal.  Most everyone else has already been over the fact that everything is already thrown in.  I dig that.  They are better cooks than I am and I like them telling me what to eat.  I also dig the homemade Sriracha.  Just a couple of squirts and my mouth was burning with deliciousness.  Ask for it.  I felt the Pho was a little light on the meat, but for $5 I can't complain too much.  I also got the homemade bratwurst of the moment.  The name escapes me, but it was basically a brautwurst.  It came with homemade kraut and a tasty coarse ground mustard.  While thematically this probably didn't pair well with the Pho, it was super good.Bartender was attentive but not overbearing, and the Nitro IPA was a great selection.  Color me impressed.  I'll need to get fancy the next time I come, but this place has potential to be a cornerstone for some scrumptious eats.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,8/3/2013,126,304,3,5,5>This is a great park right on Lake Michigan!  The beach is well groomed and there is a great play area for children.  I see many visits in my future at Atwater.  Parking can be a bit of a challenge but the side streets near by offer some relief.  Check it out and support our park system.I also loved the recycling receptacles next to the garbage!  Recycle those beverage containers, everyone!
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,8/1/2013,162,248,4,14,6>Well, this update is a long time coming, since it's been at least four months that the diner was bought and taken over by Mike Topolovich and I've eaten here at least a dozen times.  All day, you'll find Mike working behind the counter, hands-on, on everything that is made; efficiently, methodically and with the speed of a professional, seasoned chef that he is.What a difference he has made here.  Quality, quality, quality.  Did I mention the quality of food here?  Well, let me tell you:  it is an eleven on a ten scale. Corned beef hash is a wow. Shaved Ribeye cheesesteak sandwich that melts in your mouth. Club sandwich made with REAL turkey breast (not that phony baloney most restaurants serve that they call turkey on their menu when in reality its some G-d awful pressed junk made from turkey discards), thick cut crispy bacon and slices of avocado.  And Fish Fry?  This afternoon, we had an early fish fry lunch/dinner:  I had plateful of pan fried (you can have it deep fried if you like) Walleye that competes with the best I've ever eaten, at a price that can't be beaten. (Heck, I'm a poet and didn't even know it!).I'd be remiss if I didn't mention that the fries here are so DAMN good.  Golden browned and crispy on the inside, and a light, fluffy texture after you bite through the crisp.  Just SO outstanding.Breakfast omelets. Wraps. Sandwiches.  Banana Foster. Yogurt Parfait in a large, tall malt glass with fresh fruits (the last time, strawberries, raspberries and banana) and granola. Mike also has a large selection of bottled beer and a smaller selection of wine by the glass, including a Pinot Noir.Folks were standing inside the doorway on a very rainy afternoon, waiting for a table as we finished our lunch.  Their waits will have been proven worth it.  Believe me!
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,7/31/2013,46,82,3,8,7>Well HELLO Maxie's!I am ashamed that I haven't been to this bumpin' good time place before, but after journeying to this fine establishment last week I'm sure that this is going to become one of my regular stops during 2013. Maxie's welcomes you with incredibly friendly and personable help, and the warmth of the restaurant doesn't hurt when it's about 13 degrees outside. The décor is a wee bit on the dark side, but there are enough lights to help guide you around the location. We arrived around 8 and were told there was a 45 minute wait, so we went to the upstairs bar and were surrounded by several other people awaiting their table. Luckily for us, we only waited for about 20 minutes and were escorted to our table. The food was DE LI CIOUS. I am typically not the biggest fan of southern food, but this was amazing. I got the shrimp and grits and nearly cleaned the plate. Other members of the party chowed down on the fish fry and the tuna. There wasn't much food leftover once this clan got through. Some perks of the Maxie's - it's not so loud that you can't have a nice chat over dinner, staff is very nice and prompt, wait time is much shorter than anticipated, and the food arrives pretty quickly. The only con of Maxie's is that parking is mostly on the street, so it can be challenging to find a very close parking spot.I'd definitely recommend hitting up this joint.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,7/30/2013,147,207,9,7,8>Santa on his own?....Eh.Cycles by them selves?...Meh.Rampages for the sake of rampaging?....Blah.Put them together....Mind. Blown.I am at a loss for words to describe my feelings towards to Santa Cycle Rampage. You cannot truly understand it unless you partake. Hundreds of Santas, live music, food, drink, shenanigans with stops at some of my favorite MKE establishments (Lakefront Brewery, Great Lakes Distillery, Kochanski's to name a few). Heck, I don't even ride a bike and I had a blast! Literally, I just show up for moral support and adult libations. It's crowded and it's loud. You may see a Santa in drag, you may see one throwing up in his bike helmet, you'll see things...Things that will change the way you define "holiday spirit".As many other Yelpers have said, this really is one of those days that I am extremely proud to be from the MKE. Awwwwwww....Look at me all lovin' on my city. It's become a holiday tradition that I look forward to every year.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,7/29/2013,96,128,3,10,8>Wow!  That's all I can say.  These ladies are ferocious, don't let their size fool you! No, really, I saw one of them hip check another gal clean across the court!So, attended the Brewcity Bruisers opening season two bouts.  The first bout was amazing, and although I entered the arena pretty ignorant as to what the rules in roller derby were, I picked up fairly quick -- ya see, the lady with the star on her helmet is the jammer! ;)But really, the Maidens and the Shevils put on an excellent show, even for someone who didn't understand what was going on.  If you've never been to derby, it's so hilariously random, especially when the Shevil's mascot, a cape-wearing bike riding version of Evil Knievel is doing pop-wheelies around for no apparent reason.The first bout ended with me on my chair -- AND I DON'T EVEN KNOW DERBY!In the end, the Shevils were able to steal victory, that's right, I said steal, away from the Maidens by ONE point, ONE lousy point -- 101 to 100.  It was so close, and all of these gals really gave it 110%, so my hat's off to them ... if I wore hats.I'm absolutely a fan and will be there next time.Oh, some useful info:The parking lot across the way is $15 to park, they don't really advertise that the way we pulled in.Get there early.  If you want GOOD seats, and the doors open at 6:30, try to be there around then, no later than 6:45, and that's walking into the arena center at 6:45, not parking the car.Gooooooooooo Maidens!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,7/28/2013,146,306,9,10,7>The best French Dip sandwich in Tosa, but also possibly the scariest bathroom!!!We discovered John's over 10 years ago when we moved to the neighborhood. It quickly became our go-to breakfast spot. We knew who the best waitresses were and my wife knew not to order her eggs "over easy" unless the cook she referred to as the "egg guy" was working that day. Then, at some point about 5 years ago, the cafe switched owners. The menu was kept mostly the same, but for some reason, they lost a step. After a few bad experiences (and Blues Egg opening), we stopped going to John's. My wife suggested on a whim that we give it a try again, and boy-o-boy-ardee am I glad we did. Everything was back on the menu: my wife's fav - the Turkey Bacon Royal, the wraps, the soups, and my favorite, the malts!! We had a great lunch there recently. I went for the French dip and it did not disappoint. The au jus was saltier than a New York cabbie stuck in traffic, and my wife's Turkey Bacon Royal was more tender than Elvis serenading you on one knee. Added bonus: they now carry Jarritos sodas. Just the weird ones: Pineapple, Mango, or Lime. mmmmmmmmmmmWhatever you do, don't drink so much that you need to use the bathroom. It's down in the basement, and it's really scary. You've been warned.Interesting historical facts: Ray's liquor (now across the street) started in this space. My dad used to try to buy booze here when he was underage.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,7/27/2013,71,160,,5,4>We were looking for a photographer that wasn't going to make us buy albums or any additional services and Ari Rosenthal Photography was one we really liked.Their portfolios online are so beautiful but it was clear who we wanted for ours, Erin. We met with her and we immediately felt comfortable with her as our photographer. She showed us her awesome portfolio and she had a lot of experience. Not only that, she was very warm and had our sense of humor.They were running a special when we booked and got a lower price than their normal rates which was an awesome deal considering the experience of our photographer. On the day of, Erin was great, made jokes and got phenomenal photos even though it was rainy outside. She got everything we wanted and some great artistic photos that she thought of during the day that really gave us a large variety and photos we'll cherish for a lifetime.We had our wedding on a Saturday and Ari put low res. photos on a hosted site for us to view by Wednesday afternoon. It was absolutely great how quickly the turnaround was for them to put them up. We haven't gotten our DVD with all of the images on it yet, but I expect they will be very prompt with that as well (and probably earlier than I would expect).
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,7/25/2013,20,38,,5,3>I was actually a tad frightened that as nice as this place looked, the pho might not be up to par. (Sweird reverse logic I know.)I ordered the veggie meat spring rolls and the tofu pho with veggie meat. Gotta have some hot Jasmine tea, too. The PHO WAS AWESOME! The spring rolls were very large compared to most other places around, and their homemade veggie meat tasted great in them. It would be crazy to see how much business this place could bring in if they were in a more populated area. My service was wonderful--PERFECT actually. You know when a perfect meal can just make you downright blissful the rest of the day? Well--that was what I experienced here. I wish the drive wasn't so far, but perhaps that is good news to my wallet.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2011,7/9/2011,191,157,3,4,3>SOOO much better than Paciugo!I thought this town didn't know good gelato, but that was only because I hadn't been to Cold Spoons.The friendly service was great - got to try a ton of different flavors, each better than the next. The sorbets are really tasty and not overly sweetThe gelatos are creamy with great flavor and texture.My favorites: pistachio and hazelnut.I bought a pint of the "matcha green tea" (on a whim) which unfortunately didn't taste a ton like matcha. A little disappointed in that flavor, but they have so many to choose from that I'm still as happy as any chubby girl with gelato in her mouth :)Advice to Cold Spoons; GET WI-FI!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,7/8/2011,26,423,2,3,2>Wisconsin's only craft distillery offers an entertaining tour, decent space available for parties, and a gift shop to buy the booze and a selection of local products.The operation is pretty small, 5 full time employees.  They use local ingredients to distill rum, whiskey, gin, absenth, grappa.  After the tour the samples keep coming!..Space is pretty bare, a few cocktail tables with bar stool and a bar (grab a $6 handcrafted drink before the tour!).  Event space is pretty industrial/open but is free for use.  Eventually they are expanding the tasting room to upstairs and will feature alternating local chefs to have some small plates to promote their restaurants.  Right now it's just water and pretzels to go along w/your tasting to help clear the palette.They have lots of interesting parties/events, including a Festivus party December 23rd...  (the official Festivus pole making company is also a local MKE business!).Highly recommened for something different to do...  summer gets hot/steamy in there.  Lots of fun, great selection of products to taste and learn about.  They put a lot of love into their products, everything has a great story behind it.  Check it out!
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,7/7/2011,172,484,3,4,5>The staff here is super helpful, always willing to offer suggestions or generally talk shop, and they are very knowledgeable. If they don't know the answer to a particular question, they will do what they need to to find out what you need to know. They sell practically everything you could possibly need for brewing beer or wine. I say practically because I am still somewhat a novice as far as brewing goes, and they may actually have everything. That practically everything includes grain by bulk.  If you only need 2 oz. of Black Patent, you can get it? They also have large bags of grain if a 50 lb. bag of 2-Row is needed. They have a large selection of kits too, and they have brewing classes.Whether you're thinking about brewing your first batch or you've been brewing for years, this is the place to come for all your brewing needs.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,7/6/2011,51,147,8,11,7>Ambiance: So let's just get this out of the way. It's not in the best neighborhood. Not to worry, I felt perfectly safe in the bar and would feel perfectly comfortable going here alone. Upon entering I discovered it to be very clean and spacious with warm wood and paint colors. Very large open concept bar area that transitions into a second area that is equally spacious. It's not a southside dive bar at all so don't expect that if you come here. The music selection was awesome! While we were they Billy Idol, Michael Jackson and Creedence Clearwater all rocked the house. Two flat screens mounted above the bar provided the Brewers game. Beverages: Full bar of course. We each ordered a mixed drink. They were served up in pint glasses, yea!Food: I declare thee "YUMMY". Upon initially reviewing the menu I couldn't get over how reasonable the prices were. Plate of nachos? It'll set you back a mere 5 dollars. First, nachos=pure love in my book. And these delivered said love. Big plate with tons of cheese, olives, red onions, tomatoes and jalepenos, with sides of salsa, sour cream and guacamole. The salsa that came with it was very fresh and not too spicy, which is perfect for me cause I'm "spice impaired". I can't handle too much heat. All the burgers were under $7. And let me tell you, these were not some whimpy ass shriveled burger that belongs on a Crapplebee's menu. These hunka hunka burnin' love burgers were huge, thick, 8 oz monsters of beef. If I could've unhinged my mouth like a rattlesnake to devour these suckers I would've. I got "The Big Foot" burger. The toppings were Bleu Cheese, Boursin Cheese, Lettuce, Tomatoes, and Raw Red Onion. I also added bacon to my burger, cause that's how I roll. I also asked for my burger rare. This is usually where it all goes downhill for me, however, Oscar's delivered good on my order. The gigantic plate of food that was placed before me had blood pooling around my burger. The bun was a beautiful egg washed white bun that was both  soft and substantial enough to stand up to the meat. Uber generous with the red onion. 12 hours later and I'm still breathing the dragon onion breath. The cheeses were slathered on the burger and oozed down the sides. There is no easy way to eat these puppies. I cut mine in half and proceeded to make a huge mess of grease, cheese, and blood. The frech fries came dusted with what I assume were parmesan cheese and were excellent as well.Staff: The bartender (Oscar himself perhaps?) was super duper nice. When I ordered the nachos I had asked if the jalepenos could be on the side he didn't bat an eye. Then later he gently teased me when he saw me take a single jalepeno an cut it into four, removing the ribs and seeds and place each individual fourth onto a nacho chip. He was very friendly and made us feel most welcome. I would come back just to sit at the bar and shoot the breeze with him. All in all this was a great dinner. Our bill for two large mixed drinks, and order of nachos an two burgers came to $35.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,7/5/2011,9,49,2,3,2>I had to give an update for my review of Maharaja because I have since discovered the joys of their take out buffet option. I have been back to Maharaja at least five or six times since my first review (always for the weekend buffet) and I have yet to be disappointed. I am slowly learning the different names of all the dishes I have been exposed to through their excellent buffet in the hopes of being able to really compare the quality of food here with other Indian restaurants. The take out buffet is exactly as it sounds, and as a starving college student on a budget I've become quite skilled at squeezing out up to four meals one take out box at a time!
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,7/4/2011,7,14,2,2,2>Trocadero is our staple brunch spot.  I love having lazy mornings and starting our day with a casual brunch at Trocadero.  Our ultimate favorite is the Glorioso Bloody Mary.  It is made with garlic infused vodka! GARLIC INFUSED VODKA!  Enough said. Actually, the bloody mary is made with fresh ingredients from the local neighborhood Italian grocery store, Glorioso's.  Many say that Trocadero has the best bloody marys in town and my boyfriend and I would definitely agree.  I also think they have very good coffee so our table is always filled with drinks (water, bloody mary, beer chaser and coffee). My boyfriend's favorite and staple brunch meal is the Tortilla and Black Bean Migas.  We took my parents there for brunch and my dad also had the Migas and loved them.  My favorite and staple brunch meal is the Veggie Eggs Benedict. They are made with portobello mushrooms.  Today we enjoyed our first brunch on the beautiful Trocadero patio, and really enjoyed ourselves.  We always have excellent service at Trocadero.  I am always excited to go back.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,7/3/2011,25,124,,4,2>Metro eye has been amazing.  I first came here because of a corneal ulcer that Shopko Optometry couldn't figure out.  The Dr. found another ulcer and also explained that the reason it hadn't gotten better was because they prescribed me a contact lens with a more dramatic curve to fit my astigmatism, when really I needed a near-flat contact.  They worked with me and checked up on me throughout the next few weeks.  Now, my schedule has been crazy and I've had to cancel an appointment on more than one occasion, and instead of getting frustrated (which even I am getting because I can't make it in there) they ask me how they can help and if I need an extra box of contacts to get me through...The girls are very professional and friendly.  The glasses are upscale and the price does reflect it, but in this case I would say that you get what you pay for.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,7/2/2011,41,225,2,4,2>I can't believe I forgot to review Leon's!  I grew up coming to this place - just like so many other Milwaukeeans.  Best hot dogs I've ever had in my life.  It doesn't seem like they do anything that special to them, but they're just really tasty and better than any other hot dog I've ever had.  They're not huge or anything... I often pig out and get 3 of them as a meal - but they're cheap so I don't mind.  Oh, they also are neck-and-neck with Kopp's for the "best custard" title.  I often get a pecan hot fudge sundae when I eat here and the pecans seem special... in a good way.  Not sure where they're from, but they just seem better than the rest.Useful information?  It's an old school drive-up - meaning there's no where to sit - you gotta eat in your car.  Also, it gets very busy in the summer and on the weekends, but their employees move the line along pretty fast.  It *might* also be cash-only, but don't hold me to that.For hot dogs or custard, this place is tops.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,7/1/2011,69,73,3,3,4>You need felt in the best colors? Hand puppets and educational toys? Healthy, local seedlings and plants (in season); a journal? A good book? And lots of fun gifty stuff and sewing goods. Notions and sundries, if you will. From soup to nuts. Dang, they should sell soup, too. And nuts. They would both be cute and nice, if Fischberger's were to sell them. Great for kids. Patronize this place!
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,6/30/2011,273,26,3,11,4>Yeah. I'm one of those cloth bag-toting, organic produce-seeking, gourmet foodie-minded folks who believes that shopping at my local coop is just about the best thing since sliced bread.  But, I've also got my standards.While Whole Foods often lives up to its nickname "Whole Paycheck," I've been impressed that Outpost has been able to keep its pricing very competitive, if not more affordable than it's competitors.I shop the State Street location most frequently, and I'm constantly impressed by the savvy employees, whose dedication to customer service means they're consistently going above and beyond the call of duty.  Their produce section is alarmingly fresh -- great prices, and good turn-over means I don't have to worry about paying a premium for sub-par produce that is going to go bad in a day or two.I'm also impressed by their consistently great selection of local & artisan cheeses.  Not only do they carry the staples (mozzarella, cheddar, monterey jack), but they also stock a nice variety of less common cheeses, including varietals from Carr Valley, Crave Brothers, and other great cheesemakers.  In addition, they provide a nice selection of non-dairy & cheese alternatives.You can't beat Outpost when it comes to products catering to special diets -- including gluten-free and vegan.  Their selection of alternative pastas and flours is one of the best in the city. Wine & beer prices aren't the best, and I've experienced a batch or two of beans from the bulk section that seemed to be older than they should be (took FORever to cook). Nonetheless, I'm pleased to be an owner of Outpost, and I'd recommend them to anyone looking for a grocery shopping experience that goes far beyond the basic.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,6/24/2013,28,84,,3,3>This place is always hopping.  I haven't seen this place with an empty waiting area even once. Definitely need reservations for this place. We walked in right behind two guys that didn't have reservations and they were still waiting an hour and a half later when we left.The fish fry was great in my humble opinion. Glad I went for the large portion as the pieces are small. My other half got the regular portion, which filled her up perfectly. She got the potato pancakes and I got the German potato salad. The pancakes were amazing. The potato salad comes warm and is much different than the American version bit still very good. Last time we were there we got the authentic German food which was quite good as well. Just a little pricey. They have all German beer on tap, which is definitely worth a drink or two. The service is impeccable and once you are seated the experience is great.The food
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,6/23/2013,126,37,8,10,10>Let me start by saying: as a lifelong Wisconsinite, I have a long-standing passion for the supper club experience of yore.  Unlike many hipsters of now, I'm actually old enough to remember when starting your dinner with a brandy old-fashioned or four in a hickory-walled Northwoods tavern was the norm in Wisconsin, trading gossip and jokes with Red the bartender while his wife Irene ran the kitchen operation out back with a fleet of white-and-black suited waitresses, recruited from the community.  Everyone smoked, sometimes cigars; everyone drank; and everyone ate massive portions of heart-unhealthy foods....because they COULD.  Life was good in a way that today's teens will never know.  And the supper club ritual was at the heart of it all.Fast forward two generations and many of those vintage supper clubs are gone throughout Wisconsin.  Only the strong have survived, as Americana has been replaced with fast casual, fast food, or completely clueless chain restaurants. So, the idea that someone could resurrect the concept and recreate the Wisconsin supper club dining experience in the 21st century just seemed preposterous to me. How could a commercial restaurant group get it right when so many next-generation restauranteur families got it so wrong? I approached Joey Gerard's with skeptical hesitation: watching, waiting, maybe hoping that something would prove to me that this was a theme park supper club restaurant, and not a true return to the glory days.And I couldn't have been more wrong. In fact, this might be my one and only five star review I'll ever write.  Joey Gerards is everything it claims to be and more: creative cocktails, spectacular service, fantastic food, and ambience that seems to be streamed in live from 1963 -- all in a modern, comfortable, incredible experience.  Not-to-be-missed:- Brandy old-fashioneds like your grandfather made them, sour or sweet- The singlemost impressive Lazy Susan appetizer you'll ever see in your life (don't avoid the trout, beets or broccoli salad, if you know what's good for you)- Perfectly seared steaks and chops of FLINTSTONES proportions- Cauliflower au gratin with breadcrumbs: so simple, so delicious!- Do not leave without having a Brandy Alexander or Grasshopper. Do. NOT.- One of the most authentic Wisconsin fish fries I've ever had, at a low low price.All in all, this is a place that will leave you romantically breathless for a bygone time that is still within reach.  And you'll want to come back and LIVE it again soon.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,6/22/2013,25,124,,3,3>I went on a Tuesday night around 7, great $2 beers on tap and $2 shots of Jameson.  The food is also good (and cheap).  I will admit that I was hesitant to come here because I thought everything was going to be kind of crappy.... BUT I was totally wrong.  The bartender/ waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable about menu items and we took him up on his suggestions and he was spot on.  I have heard that Friday/Saturday nights here can be very rough and FULL of college kids.  Meh, I will just avoid aforementioned times.  I will return and encourage you to give it a try if you haven't.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,6/21/2013,73,56,3,3,5>Plants and yarn and artand books and toys and fabricA wizard's closet
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,6/20/2013,23,80,,4,4>Went here for Mother's Day on Saturday at lunchtime. I give very few 5's but this was great. Great price. Great salad bar with unique items like ceviche and tons of different salads. One of the best I've ever seen and tasted. Great service. And to me central was the meat. They brought 12 varieties of beats I found as good or better than sabor. What they also I'd better than sabor was they brought all the meats a consistent number of times. I noticed at sabor you would see the really good steak once or twice and then other meats less expensive came more often. Not at at Rodizio. Very very impressed and I eat out a lot. I wonder if reviewers on here who downgraded the salad bar saw both sides if it. It is mammoth. It's really nice daytime too the big windows give you a view outside onto water street and you can people watch. A wonderful experience. I liked sabor but I rate Rodizio maybe a half to a point higher.   The nicest thing. Everyone loved it from grandma and grandpa, to my brother in law who used to manage a meat plant, to my wife and I.  our football player nephew was in heaven.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,6/19/2013,56,51,2,5,3>My lady-human has been talking this place up to me for months. MONTHS! I thought there was no way it could live up to the hype she slathered upon it. Eeeeerrrrrrrrrr! Wrong!I can't say more that others have here. This place is fantastic! You do need to get there early because what they make for the day is it kids. No special orders and no back stock. You know, like a place that has REAL food.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,6/18/2013,46,552,2,3,3>The best beer garden I've ever been to.  I love how this beautiful spot in the park has just come to life and become vibrant again.  Beer Garden, Dog Park, Disc Golf. Playgrounds - Estabrook is like heaven.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,6/17/2013,61,283,2,7,4>If there was 4.5 I would give it.  I have been here twice now and loved every morsel of it.  I have noticed that some places are starting to get what I call a hipster snob vibe going... the first few times I stopped by and couldn't get in and the first time I dined here I totally felt that.... it was missing that midwestern "I'm sorry but we are all booked up, in fact we book up days in advance so it might be a good idea to call for reservations"  You know the smile, apology and then advice - Wisconsin thing.  My first visit the food was AMAZING but it was so loud, so so loud that I couldn't hear anyone.  Again, I felt a little of the we are too cool for school vibe, but the food was so rock solid I made another visit... and a risky one... 10 people on New Years.This visit from start to finish was excellent, they were friendly when we were 7 minutes late because the walk took longer than anticipated, our waitress was very very nice and communicative and the food... oh the food SO GOOD.  I dare say this place is affordable for what you get... although I just got back from Hawaii were a Starbucks drip coffee ran $4.00 so maybe I'm jaded.  But back to Odd Duck.  First off, much to my surprise it was much quieter... not quiet by any stretch but we had conversations with 10 so that isn't bad. We had all of our waitresses suggestions.  The polenta arrancini was delectable... The risotto with ribs hit the spot on a cold night and the surf and turf was melt in your mouth fantastic.What a truly like most about this place is the rustic, earthy style they bring to small plates.  You really should visit.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,6/16/2013,266,264,,5,2>So, I just moved to MKE and rented myself a sweet house in Bayview.  First order of business (before moving any of my stuff in): hit up my corner bar! VThis place was so much bigger than I thought it would be.  I categorized it as a dive bar, but it's really too nice for that label.... when I say dive bar, I usually mean dirty and a little bit scary.  A place that would have your grandma clutching her pearls.  This place just has a lot of character -- from the Playboy pinball machine, to the watering can/straw hat lighting fixtures to the antiques strewn about the place to the peanuts in the shell served in dog bowls.  (And yes, you throw your shells on the floor!)  They also have some board games and such, and there was a large table of people playing sheepshead, a game I had never heard of because I am from the south.  I don't know if it was happy hour, or if they just have great prices, but all of our drinks seemed to be $3.  They had a pretty impressive selection of beer on draught, including Ranger IPA, one of my faves.  Drinks are served in mason jars, which I find adorable.  The bartender even had wee little mason jars (maybe for straight liquor?)  The bartenders were super friendly and attentive and the place had a very relaxed, casual atmosphere.  I can see this being a regular neighborhood hang for sure!
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,6/15/2013,30,62,2,4,3>Thursday is the day to go to Colonel Hart's.  The buffalo wings are off the hook -- and on Thursdays they are 35 cent each!  Go before 6 and Miller lites are $1.  Can't really beat that...Caution - the mild wings are preeettty spicy.  Don't get medium or hot if you are a spice wimp like me.Most of the bartenders are nice (including Jared) but some are not.  Oh well.  Also I wish I could get carry out on the wings but they don't do that :(
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,10/24/2012,58,71,10,5,6>You know you've been to a good bar when you wake up the next morning not really remembering everything from the prior night's activities and you still have some cash in your wallet. Pretty much that's how I feel every time I visit Leff's so hands down, it's one of my favorite places!  Leff's has really good inexpensive bar food and great specials as well as some really nice outdoor seating and best of all, cheap beer!  Ahhh, it's such a hard decision to make when it comes to picking a day to visit Leff's.  There is Meat Cake Monday,  Mexillent Wednesday  and my personal favorite even though I always regret it Friday morning is Throw Em' Back Thursdays!!!  Go to Leff's- eat some cheese curds, enjoy the ballpark happy hour, make a beer-a-mid with all your Pabst tall boys( it's encouraged by the staff) and spend your night doing some amazing people watching!!!  Just whatever you do, don't leave and walk down to Colonel Hearts.... unless of course you want to experience Milwaukee's own Jersey Shore!
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,10/23/2012,61,283,2,5,2>If you are ever in Milwaukee you MUST stop here.  It's a tradition and it's a good one.  Not to mention this isn't just any dive bar tradition, the people here hold a tradition of good service, they have great relationships with their patrons and they are proud of their home in the old polish part of town.... and lets be honest, who doesn't want an "I closed Wolski's" sticker.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,10/22/2012,75,27,3,5,3>3 star tour, 5 star drinks = 4 stars overallAs a beer fan and Milwaukee local, I've been on all the big brewery tours in the area.  Multiple times.  (This is what Milwaukee is known for, right?)  For the $5 tour fee get to keep the tasting glass, have 4 beers, and unlimited sodas.   As far as tours go, this one gives the basics (4 main ingredients, smell the hops, this is the mash tun, walk through the freezer, this is the bottling line and an inspiring mural) but is nothing special.  Sometimes a tour guide has a little more pep (what type of animal is the mascot?  where did we buy our bottling line from?  guess what type of business was in this one-story building before us?) but usually they are dry (pun intended - not funny and you do wait for the beer samples at the end of the tour.)The beer and soda tasting is the obvious strongpoint of the brewery.  During their busy months they have a choice of a few drinks pre-poured in an effort to speed up the masses, which can be annoying if you don't like what they've chosen as a mandatory first drink, but is useful to start thinning out the line.Sprecher has an extensive beer list and delicious soda.    On my recent visit they had over a dozen different beers available to try.  (Beers - Year Round:  Hefe Weiss, Black Bavarian, Pub Ale, Special Amber, Light, Stout; Seasonals: Mai Bock and Winter Brew; Premium: Abbey Trippel, Dopple Bock, Russian Imperial Stout, IPA2, and Piper's Scotch Ale; Special: Redhead Ale.  Caffeine-free Soda - Root Beer, Lo Cal Root Beer, Puma Cola, Ravin' Red, Orange Dream, and Ginger Ale.)  Yummy.I would recommend trying to go on a tour before the last one of the day, as they may end up hurrying you out.  Enjoy!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,10/21/2012,91,365,,5,5>Ok. I have to go back and edit all my other reviews. There is no other 5 star restaurant compared to Bosley on Brady. My whole rating system has been shaken to the core.Our dinner began with an amuse bouche. I have never been treated to this small delicacy before and the Chef had me at hello! A small spoon of a chilled vegetable soup was delightful! Then out came the hot and crusty loaf of bread with an herbed butter...YUM!Next course was the most delicious and humongous salads. Beware these salads are dinner in themselves! I had the wedge: not 1 wedge, but 3! The dressing was a spicy thousand island and was out of this world. My friend had the beet salad and my mother had the watermelon. We were all very pleased.The entree's continued our ecstatic gluttony. I had a seafood symphony with blackened skate, whitefish, crab cake, and lobster risotto. I simply had to eat the entire thing although I was overstuffed by the end of the meal. My mother had the pan-seared grouper and my friend (the smart one!) had an appetizer of black and blue tuna.Service was friendly and attentive. The atmosphere was loud and neighborly. The best part of the meal was the price! I have paid double the price for this quality of food elsewhere in Milwaukee.  Bosley on Brady, I love you!
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,10/20/2012,38,241,1,3,2>We stopped in for wings and beer last night.  A pitcher of Spotted Cow was $10 and wings were $0.50 a piece.  Not the cheapest in either category, but not bad either.  They offer about 10 difference wing flavors, and they let you do as many different sauces per order as you would like.  We tried the bourbon, chipotle, mango habenero, and Won Way flavors.  All were good, but my favorite was Chipotle.  I will say that if its called Mango Habenero, it should be much hotter.  My brother and I ordered a total of 30, which sounded like a lot, but they were pretty small.  We were able to finish then no problem.  I have eaten here in the past, and the burgers and pizza are outstanding.  It is not necessarily a destination for wings, but they were pretty good.  The people working here are friendly, and it is a nice neighborhood bar to visit.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,10/19/2012,38,85,3,8,5>Alright, sometimes when I review I want to channel Hemingway and Tolstoy into my fingers to properly express the joy I experience at a particular location.  Granted, I had an inside line on Foundation because I met a Foundation bartender on a boat cruise the night before, but that doesn't mean that I alone can get the deluxe experience.Bottom line: certain bartenders at this place CARE about their craft.  They advise going on a Monday because it isn't as crowded and you can learn about the history of what you're drinking.  Talk to Cliff or Michael about the drinks they are creating and you will get a wonderful explanation of history and flavors.  If God forbid they move on to somewhere else, try to find someone else who loves rum drinks as much as they do.I had a couple things were incredible.  First, Michael made me a fabulous drink called the "Shrub."  It was a rum drink made fresh nutmeg and cinnamon as well as steeped berries for flavor.  If I got that wrong, I apologize, because I was little drunk for the explanation.  I was told that the recipe dates back to the 1600s and the only thing different about it was the ice in the glass, which they didn't have back then.  I LOVED the drink, and so did the several other people at my table who tried it.Cliff had us explore the world of rum a bit further when he dropped off a delicious spicy rum drink with a cinnamon stick in it that he said dated back to the 1950s or so.  I don't recall the name, but it had layers to it after you took a sip that was a bit of an adventure all in of itself.  Extremely artistic.I had no idea Foundation had it in it.  I was here a few times before, but I did not have this experience.  It just shows that if you go on the right night, ask the right questions, act like you wanna know more about the passion and craft of the bartenders... that you can expect the world.I have been to some great cocktail lounges in Chicago and New York and this places best stacks up with the best in any major city.  Hands down.  Can't say enough.  Bravo.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,10/18/2012,9,105,8,6,5>This is the new chocolate store open in the same location as the old chocolate store used to be in Bayview.  Over on KK across the street from the Avalon/Hat Shop/Bike store and near the new "Dwell" apartments.They're online via Facebook at facebook.com/Chocobellai Yelp won't let me add this as their website...* Habenaro spiced peanut butter cups?!?  * Chocolate covered caramels with sea salt on top* Chocolate covered red licoriceThe candies are good.  A bit expensive at about $1.50 each with some $1.75.  No prices are out, so we had no clue how much things were until they rang us up.  Which was a bit painful as they just opened their doors and don't have their operating procedures down yet.  They're trying though, and the chocolate is good.I noticed that their facebook page says something about imported chocolate.  I thought they made it here in Milwaukee.  I'll have to ask for clarification next time I wander in.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,10/17/2012,124,391,,4,3>Belgium Beer and a patio to sit out on.  That is enough of a reason for me to stop by.  I hope it is for you.  I have been here a few times and always have some of their numerous Belgium beers that all are 7% and up.  On top of that they have great small plates that are a pleasure to eat.  Recommend this hole in hall right along the bridge.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,10/16/2012,103,296,,6,5>I honestly love you. This was nearly a missed opportunity.  The bar next door was closed.  Had it not been, I would not have tasted the murky concoction, Swap Monster (a vegetated version of a margarita).  I am a health-conscious gal, and when it comes to cocktails, there are few that fall into the diet-friendly category.  Not the case at Art Bar.  Besides a delicious margarita that contains a bevy of nutrient-rich ingredients, there are two pages of "Healthy Cocktails" on their specialty drink menu.  I think I found my go-to place for liquid stress-relief and slim versions of standard alcoholic beverages.  On top of that splendor in a glass, take your pick of billiards, bands, or board games.  I chose games, and there are plenty of retro and new wave options.  My husband and I took on the felt-lined shutbox,  With my Swamp Monster and my husband's 2-4-1 bottle of Schlitz, the tomfoolery began.  This bar hosts a revolving collection of art that is available to purchase, so the scenery is always changing.  They have a killer outdoor seating area, where you will get to meet the locals and their furry, four-legged friends.  The bartenders really make Art Bar grand.  They are knowledgeable, friendly, and their smiles are contagious.  Hunker down, meet some people, and enjoy the jams that run the gamut from Kings of Leon to Billie Holiday.  It is Super Bar in my book.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,10/15/2012,97,180,3,6,3>Should my 100th review go to this tasty, yummy, deliciously cute yogurt shop? Oh yes, yes it should.I had been wanting to try Yo Mama! since I heard it was opening and finally did last weekend. My only experience with these type of yogurt shops was in California and I loved them. So glad they are becoming super popular here. I believe Yo Mama was the first in the area, so yay for them!This shop is cute. Nicely decorated and a lot bigger than I thought it would be. There's plenty of seating. The shop was full of families and kids coming from soccer practice and babies and couples and well just about anyone. I love that you can sample their flavors before you commit. We sampled a bunch and they were um, yum! I decided to get the twist of red velvet and cake batter with a few chocolaty toppings. Quite good. I like that you can get something healthy or choose to go the decadent route depending on your mood. The price was reasonable. 6 dollars and some change for two small yogurts. Although I'm sure if you're not careful with toppings, the price could add up. The employees were friendly and good about keeping the place clean and running smoothly. I really liked Yo Mama and you bet I'll be back for more tasty yogurt creations.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2013,12/4/2013,76,370,4,13,2>New City, New GastroPub. FTR.  Cha ching!!!Location: 5 out of 5 (for me)I live in the 3rd ward.  This place is at Pittsburgh and the river.  Street parking is plentiful (even though I went on July 5) and there seems to be a steady flow of bus routes going to and fro.  Decor: 5 out of 5Awesome.  They really went for the gusto here with the rural/farm look.  Our waiter let us know that the proprietors actually went and found old barn wood to adorn the walls and to perhaps make the tables.  I mean...it fits PERFECTLY with the old warehouse/industrial look that this area is known for.  Each table has a slight curve in it, as if they served a function prior to being tables, and were decorated smartly with a small vase, pebbles, and alternating flora.  The chalkboard proudly proclaims, "Welcome Home"  (get it, Prodigal), and the bar area is smartly organized in the front of the dining area.  Seating ranges from outdoor on the sidewalk, to "tween" (under the old garage doors) to "indoor" seating.  When we went, the weather was perfect for outdoor seating.  Customer Service: 4.5 out of 5Robert really hit the spot.  It's clear that he had some experience in the restaurant industry, as he was proficient, efficient, and friendly.  Absolutely no complaints here, and if he were in our old digs in Chicago, he could EASILY get a job at a 1 Michelin star restaurant, if not higher.  The .5 star knock comes for familiarity of the menu.  I get it - they've only been open for a few days, and the learning curve that he was going through was evident at times.  Don't let this stop you though...he was awesome.  Truly.Selection of Food: 4 out of 5Listen folks, this place is not going to overthrown Hinterland.  No.  No.  No way.  There's a place and time for sweetbreads and brain.  I mean, I enjoy a good thymus gland now and then, right?  But look...Prodigal has it dialed in correctly.  Make good food accessible to the masses:  put things that people might recognize from beer and food (PBR and burger, anyone) juxtaposed with things that people may not know as well (signature drinks and say, duck confit flatbreads, let's say) and you reach a happy medium where you attract the upper middle class without excluding the "quintessential" middle class.  Throw in the reasonable pricing, and you really hit for the cycle.  Quality of Food: 4.5 out of 5For being open 3 days, PG really hit it out of the park.  For funsies, the future wiffy and I split a few things:  the fried chix lollipops, the saffron mussels, the duck confit flatbread, and the charcuterie.  Fried chix was tender and fell off the bone, saffron mussels were in the top 5 all time, the star of the show of the confit flatbread were unequivocally the English peas, the mustard on the charcuterie plate was thebombdotcom.  This place should have no problems at all attracting a loyal clientele that will allow them to flourish in the winter.Selection of Drinks: 4 out of 5A dozen or so signature cocktails, a dozen or so draft beers, and maybe 2 dozen bottled beers.  Don't worry, they'll get there.  Their signature drinks include things like the Moscow Mule, the Wisco Old Fashioned, and a few others.  Tap beers include MKE brewing company and a few others.  Bottled beers span the gamut, including PBR, Miller High Life, and Duvel. Pricing: 4 out of 5Bar snacks were no more than 8 bucks or so, appetizers were 12 at the high end, and most entrees were under 20.  We split a few bar snacks and apps, and got the mussels, and spent maaaaybe 35 or 40 bucks on drinks.  It was 120 out the door with tax and tip.  I mean...it was sort of a celebratory dinner since we just moved to MKE, and I imagine that a more restrained nice night could set you back only 50 or 60 bucks.  Like I said...this place isn't going to overthrown Hinterland, but with the pricing....they may very well steal some customers.Overall: 4 out of 5Really solid place.  Worth a visit.  Remember they just opened in early July.Tip for Proprietors:  Invest in some Citronella or other small flying bug deterrents.  Your location to the river will warrant that as the weather gets even warmer.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2013,12/3/2013,55,380,4,14,8>Descriptive phrase: no-frills, homemade Somali deliciousness.I don't know where the Milwaukee-Somali population has been hiding, but they need to start opening more eateries. I knew I had to come here with Katie K. for my birfday dinner once I saw the reviews. It's easy to miss, even when you're looking for it. Park somewhere on Farwell and look for the small, hard to read sign. Blue Star Cafe is on the bottom floor of an apartment building, across the street from London House.We walked in. It's a long room with limited, food-court-esque seating. There's an odd little fireplace with a TV above it (they were playing a live court-room), but there's nice art on the walls. We appeared to be the only non-Somalis in the place, which is always a good thing at ethnic restaurants. We walked up to the back counter area, and were told to sit anywhere we liked. Behind the counter is a semi-exposed kitchen area. Other than that, it's a very simple setup.We sat and were given menus. There aren't a lot of options, but they seem to do what they do have well. Our server was a kind and happy older gentleman, who apologized sincerely when I pointed out some gunk in my water glass.Katie got the Somali Style Steak Sandwich ($6) and I ordered the Famous Tender Goat Meat Platter ($8.59). I don't recall if Katie's sandwich came with any sides, but it didn't need to. This hoagie must've been close to 9 or 10 inches long, with plentiful grilled steak, green peppers, jalapenos, and onions. It was gratifying and delicious.My goat platter was giant as well. It came with a small side salad (think Greek) next to a mountain of orange basmati rice topped with goat. The rice: perhaps the tastiest rice I've ever had. I don't know what this orange Somali spice is, but I need more. The goat was still on the bone (as it almost always is anywhere), so be aware. Just like the steak, it was tender and plentiful. Add in some green peppers and onions, and we're almost complete. But what really sets this dish apart, and brings an entirely new dimension to the experience, were fruity raisins. I don't like raisins at all, yet somehow they seemed so right in this platter.Great service, delicious food, generous portions, for two under $16. I can't think of any reason to not give Blue Star Cafe a top rating.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,12/2/2013,100,354,,3,2>Can something be both upscale and down to earth? Going to Bronze is like going to a really great spa without any pretentiousness. Just a great experience all around. Friendly and attentive service on the phone and in the office. I had an easy time making an initial appointment (for exactly the time I wanted the next day!) and my follow-up when my glasses came in about a week later. I was informed that they only sell a frame once, so your look will be unique. I was satisfied with the selection, it is slightly smaller than the big chain stores, but there is a good variety. And the frame prices are very comparable to other places that sell designer frames (I found out the 2/$99 deal actually only applies to a few crappy frames at those places). I was actually impressed with the affordability,  my new pair cost just a bit more than my most previous pair that I bought four years ago at what is now called VisionWorks (but there I had a horrible customer service experience and an even worse frame cutting experience, as well as a 30 day wait for my glasses). This is also a really cool location. It feels like being in Bronze's living room. And his staff and he serve you like you are treasured guests. They don't rush you at all. They help you pick the right frame. After my order arrived, Bronze spent a good amount of time with me getting the fit right. He also strongly welcomes regular follow-ups for adjustments and nose pad replacements, included as part of an ongoing service in the purchase. I would go back and I would recommend to my friends. Like the other reviewers indicate, this is a place to get a nice pair of glasses that should last you quite a while. It's equivalent to buying a nice suit-- it is an investment that you will need regularly and should be of good quality so you feel good wearing it
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,12/1/2013,41,168,4,5,5>GARLIC BREAD!!! Need I say more? Ok what else? Great food, great service, unique building - a Hales Corners staple. Right on par with That's Amore.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,11/30/2013,41,225,5,3,2>I worked a block away and wanted to eat at Buckley's for about 5 years now.  I have now been to the promised land... and it is good.We were seated right away despite being a little early for our reservation.  Very friendly staff all around.  I was having a really hard time deciding between a lobster roll and a reuben... and then they told me about the braised short ribs special.  It then became a three horse race.I went with the corned beef sandwich (essentially a reuben with gruyere cheese), and I won!  I think I might've won no matter what I chose, though.  The corned beef was tender with plenty of cheese and russian dressing.  The bread was marble rye and that was the correct bread.  They made me pay a dollar extra for sauerkraut.  This really annoyed me, but I will try to move forward with my life.I also tried Ms. Particular's Wild Boar and Mr. Particular's Short Ribs.  This place can do no wrong.  Those ribs were especially tender - fallin' off that bone.  Delicious to the max.Sides?  You wanna know about sides?  The brussel sprouts were awesome!  They had Kimchi in them and had a very unique flavor.  I found the brussel sprouts to be better than the artichokes but My Best Gal disagrees with me.  She was way into those 'chokes.I love dessert.  All of theirs sounded really good.  Carrot cake? yes.  Key Lime Pie? yes.  Tuxedo cake? I may be a bit underdressed, but oh yes please.  I almost got a piece to take home and eat on the couch while I watched the Brewers game.  That's how I like to do things,  that's my style.  But I didn't, because I'm getting married soon and I want to be really hot in my photos.  I will be returning and I will try every damn one of those desserts.As far as price goes, it's a fancier place but the sandwich selection makes it so you can really eat for a reasonable price if you want to.  I split a couple of veggie sides, ate a reuben, and drank water and my share was $18 with tax and tip.  WORTH IT.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,11/29/2013,26,423,2,2,2>I had an injury I finally faced up to and went to a doctor.  I'm pretty healthy and do not make doctor's visits often and definitely never had physical therapy before.  My doctor treated me and recommended physical therapy.  He gave a list and this location was pretty close to my house and not inside a hospital (I live close to some hospitals but am not a fan of going into them if I don't have to!).The location is easy to find but once you are in the parking lot it's a little tricky since there are several businesses in the building (if you are looking at the front of the building it's in the right corner).  Facility is nice with state of the art equipment.  I could do without the Fox news on the TVs, makes me definitely not miss cable tv at home since most news is never good, especially any cable tv news!  My first visit was a little rough; with a temporary therapist that was a bit harsh and condescending, made me cry!... I almost didn't want to come back but I knew I was seeing someone else next time.  I will admit I am probally not a good patient but I don't cry easily!My successive appointments were much better and everyone else was super nice to deal with.  I'm making great progress and glad there's an option besides surgery which I'm pretty sure I will avoid.  They keep me challenged and continue to push for improvement with my injury.  Just when I think I don't need them and get bored it gets pushed up another notch to keep me inspired and continuing to progress!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,11/28/2013,124,96,,6,4>I really really dig this place.  From the very comfy gamer couches to the clever named drinks...I'm a fan.  I walked in solo and met up with some friends. I had no problem flying solo and everyone there was friendly. The bartenders were super cool and very efficient. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,11/27/2013,27,57,,3,2>Daaaammmn, Ristorante Bartolotta is awesome. My wife and I went recently for our anniversary and couldn't have asked for a better experience. When she recommended it I was a little hesitant because a) our last Bartolotta experience (Mr. B's) left a lot to be desired and b) I thought maybe the atmosphere would be a little stiff. I was wrong. So wrong. They hooked us up right with a cozy table by the window. Before going any further, I've gotta say that our servers, Mara and Matthew, gave my wife and I some of the best service we've ever received. They worked great individually and great as a team. Mara brought a little sass and Matthew kept it classy. They were a great pair and added a lot to our experience. Our food was unreal. I got talked into ordering chicken for my entree. One of my dining rules: do not order chicken unless it's the only safe thing on the menu. I actually chose the chicken over the filet. Very unlike me. I had joked with my wife earlier, after she beat me in a couple games of washers during the afternoon, that I would make her eat chicken for dinner if she kept winning. Well, there I was uttering the words, "I'll have the chicken." My wife went with the grilled seafood entree. Oh, and we started with the caprese salad. Aaaand the pappardelle with duck ragu. The tomatoes in the caprese salad were out of this world. And the duck ragu, come on. It wasn't even fair. How could you follow that? Well, the chicken was fantastic. The skin was crispy and well-seasoned and the meat was moist and really, really tasty. It was served with a side of whipped potatoes and caramelized Brussels sprouts. Damn good. My wife also enjoyed her seafood dish, but not quite as much as the duck ragu. I think that ended up being the highlight of the night. Mara and Matthew hooked up us with a complimentary dessert for our anniversary, which was totally unnecessary but very nice. Unnecessary in that we were very, very full. But we couldn't say no. So I walked in a skeptic and walked out a huge fan of Ristorante Bartolotta. Highly recommended for any special occasion or if you just want to splurge on one of the best meals you'll find in the Milwaukee area.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,11/26/2013,20,84,,3,2>We took advantage of Rumpus Room's awesome Downtown Dining Week menu and stopped in Tuesday night for dinner. Can I just say; the Rumpus Room was BUMPIN! I have never seen it this crowded before. I think that accounted for the fact dinner took two hours. I'm not holding that against the awesomeness that is the RR- I love the fact quality establishments choose to participate in DDW, and sometimes they get in over their heads. The atmosphere is so great- it's hard to beleive it used to be Egan's. The hipster pub decor and dark wood make it a really great place for dinner or after work drinks. Oh the drinks. There's practically a bible of strange, obscure (and ultimately tasty) libations. They have wine flights, wine by the glass and some of the most obscure beers ever (mushroom beer anyone?). We've eaten here in the past and loved the menu, the same held true for the DDW menu as well. The house salad had one of the best vinagarette dressings I've ever had, and the Scotch egg was one of the best my husband has ever had (and the man has eaten a lot of Scotch eggs in his life). We both tried the clams for dinner and agreed it was insanely good (clams in a kimchi broth with bacon lardons and fried calamari on top). For dessert we had a lemon panacotta (perfect texture) and a "smore"- homemade graham cracker crust, chocolate gelato and a homemade toasted marshmallow on top. I've been dreaming about that smore all week.The service was slow and disorganized, but again I blame DDW. We've eaten at Rumpus Room in the past and had excellent service. When our waiter did stop by, he was attentive and was able to make great drink recommendations that complimented our food very well. I'm sure we'll be back again for another memorable meal.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,11/25/2013,87,59,,3,2>I have a membership to Massage Envy, which I purchased when I lived extremely close. I've since moved farther away, but I still make a point to schedule my once a month massages. I think the key to Massage Envy is finding the right masseur for you. I personally like deep tissue massages (the kind that hurt, rather than relax) and I found that Libby does an amazing job. I've also had a couple of sports massages there as well and they are spot on. They really do a good job of matching the right masseur with the client. The facility is clean and has the right ambiance for a spa and the front desk staff are always friendly and more than happy to help. If you are feeling in the mood to treat yourself - you should get the 1 hour facial as well. To have a 1 hour massage followed by a facial is a great way to indulge yourself!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,11/24/2013,31,61,4,5,5>My favorite part about O'Lydia's is almost embarrassing.  I love sitting in their outdoor area, enjoying a cider or a beer, and having a train go past right above my head.  AWESOME.  I'm a boring white girl from the suburbs, so whenever I get the chance to feel a little gritty or industrial, the experience goes right to my sheltered, romantic heart.Have you ever been to one of those Irish bar/restaurants where the whole Irish experience is so contrived you feel like you're about to choke on leprechaun turds and rancid corned beef?  Well, that's not how the people at O'Lydia's like to do things.  It's kinda like they've acknowledged the fact that, yes, it's an Americanized concept of an Irish bar, and, yes, maybe it isn't truly authentic in the truly true Irish experience (how the hell should I know otherwise?  the closest I've ever been to Ireland is drunkenly peeking up some dude's kilt at Irishfest); however, O'Lydia's blows "Americanized Irish bar" out of the water.Bangers and mash?  Check.  Rueben sandwich?  Check.  Shepherd's pie?  STOP.  BACK UP THE TRAIN.  Shepherd's pie at O'Lydia's.  Me oh my oh me oh myyyyy.  First of all: No instant mashed potatoes out of a stale cardboard box.  No fatty, grizzled meat shreds of unknown provenance.  NO plagued peas and carrots out of a can from the 1990s.  (Can you tell my past experiences with Shepherd's pie have left much to be desired?)  This meat pie is so fresh, so savory, so unlike the sludge I've had elsewhere. The Shepherd's pie at O'Lydia's is what the Almighty Lord's Irish gram-gram used to make him back before the stock market crashed in Heaventownlandplace -- THAT is how good O'Lydia's Shepherd's pie is.  One afternoon I did shots of the gravy and couldn't have cared less about how wacko it looked.  If you're a crazy person and don't eat red meat, or, like me, enjoy terrorizing a different species every once in a while, order the turkey melt.  Just DON'T forget to order a side of their aioli 'cuz that sammich truly isn't the same with out it as an addition.Of the half-dozen times I've found myself at O'Lydia's, no doubt wondering what the eff a blarney stone is when I should be deciding on my next drink, the service has only ever sagged during one visit.  And just barely.  So who cares!  Otherwise, the servers and bartenders are always immensely helpful, pleasant, and -- most importantly -- chill.  The last time I visited this pot of gold at the end of the rainbow (Ugh, okay, I'm done punning now), I noticed that employee uniforms seem nonexistent.  A la, they wear whatever they want?  If so, I wager this concession from the owner must definitely make the staff more comfortable while they work.  And that has a huge impact on their (FANTASTIC!) performance.It didn't take me long at all to fall in love with O'Lydia's.  A year or two ago I found myself seated in the bar area of O'Lydia's on one of the most UNBELIEVABLY terrible days of my adult life.  I must've looked like a sad, hot mess because our psychic savant server took one look at me and offered a free shot of anything I wanted.  Booze is the way to my heart, apparently.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,11/23/2013,115,264,5,4,6>Post Dark Lord Day hangover: Can barely see, head feels like it's melting, strong aversion to questions.Need: Chorizo. And toast. And Bohemia. And Rumchata French Toast. And potatoes. Maybe chips and guac. All of those things.I'm not sure I could have been more pleased with Cafe Corazon's brunch. I had the breakfast burrito with chorizo and some or all of that other stuff.  The burrito was perhaps the best I've ever had, and I'm what you would call a BB enthusiast. If you followed me on twitter you'd know just how deep that rabbit hole goes.  Eggs, cheese, potatoes and chorizo all melty and wonderful inside their little sleeping bag. Totally devoured that slumber party.  Also snagged bites of the migas , rumchata french toast and bacon something something when others weren't looking. Everything was great and just what the doctor ordered.  The french toast isn't even fair. I had been wanting to venture north to Riverwest to check Corazon out for a long time and this was the perfect introduction. Now I'm really looking forward to trying their dinner menu.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,11/22/2013,38,85,3,5,5>OK, this place blew me out of the water completely. If you're thinking Penzey's spices or someplace this isn't going to amaze you, then think again.I decided recently that I was going to start making my own bitters to infuse into some homemade cocktails, and some of the ingredients on these lists seemed so obscure that I was sure I was going to have to do some online shopping.Who has things like "grains of paradise" and quassia bark, or nigella seeds?  The star anise was something they laughed at me about... not that obscure, but new to me!The staff took so much time with me, and cultivated my enthusiasm about all these herbs, spices and botanicals.  People who work there are really into cooking or other crafts that require blending of complex flavors.  They saw how excited I was and even let me buy some stuff that isn't sold out front.  Way cool.I am proud that Milwaukee has such a unique place.  Milwaukee actually has an interesting spice history due to the sausage industry here.There is a location in the MKE public market and another one on Old World Third.  If you need some weird stuff, you'll find it here.  What a find!  So happy about this...
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2013,11/21/2013,97,180,2,4,2>Why do I love this place so much? Maybe because it has good memories from when I first starting coming to Milwaukee. When the air was filled with smoke, the bowling was hand score only, and the drinks were cheap?Now the place actually has fun animated themed screens to go along with the computer scoring. The bowling and drinks are still very reasonably priced (that's probably one of the major reasons I like Landmark Lanes). The only thing missing is the smoke wafting through the air. I generally hate smokey bars. However, this is the only place where I'd say, for some reason, I mysteriously miss the smoke. It added an ambiance to the place. The first time I walked in here after the smoking ban it just didn't feel right. But I'll get used to it. I love that they have (cheap) Strongbow on tap. And a mini arcade (air hockey!). And darts. And pool. I'm always down for a stop at Landmark. Let me know when you're going.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,11/20/2013,29,41,4,4,4>Read what my Yelp Queen Rachel wrote. I couldn't have said it any better myself. Plus, my vocabulary is juvenile at best.  I've made the mistake about forgetting about OKG on a couple of occasions, only to be pleasantly surprised every time I come back.  These guys are starting to get "popular", so get in now so that you can say you were there when they started.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,11/19/2013,9,105,1,5,2>Give this place a try.  Go on an off night if you want to avoid the crowd / noise though.I've been stopping by this place for six years now.  All in all they have good food and fast service.  I appreciate the fact that they're not the same old tex-mex that is practically every other Mexican place in town.Prices are a touch high, but still very reasonable.  Trendy expensive not insanely so.The tortas are my go to meal.  Tasty.  Especially with the green salsa.  They have an avocado based salsa on the weekends that is quite good too.Vegetarians, be careful about the moles, most of them are not vege.  Ask for the vegetarian tortilla soup, it's awesome.Downsides are this place is a big open booming restaurant.  It gets annoyingly loud.A bonus that they shared their tortilla soup recipe with the JS and it was printed a few years back!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,11/18/2013,94,388,4,8,8>$2 tallboys, at least on Wednesdays, and friendly dogs roam about the place, which is well-worn with a chill vibe. What's not to like?
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,11/17/2013,25,63,,2,2>Got two steak and one pork taco to go.  I have eaten tacos at a few other places, but found this place to be the most authentic (at least for the time being). Not sure about any of the other dishes, but this is what I liked about the taco: The food came out hot, meat was seasoned well, two tortillas for each taco, salsa was a chunky and had a sweet and spicy taste, and portions were generous. Would definitely visit again if I were in the area.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,11/16/2013,147,207,4,7,8>Woah.Not to sound entirely redundant here given the other reviews, but....Best. Crab Rangoon. Ever.Green Curry was amazing. Adorable place. The sever was one of the sweetest, most polite people I've met in a long time-in and outside of a restaurant.I will definitely be back.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,11/15/2013,83,79,2,7,5>My first haiku review:art deco hotel styleelegant suites, roof top Zengreen certified classSeriously, we've stayed here for Brewtown staycations, and their rooms are gorgeous. They know how to take care of guests. The rooftop saltwater jacuzzi and workout space (with sauna) and the dining are all memorable. They do weddings and events with style, and they've got a great happy hour. What more can you want?OK, they were the first green certified lodging in the Milwaukee Metro area. That was a huge plus for me.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,9/11/2014,85,20,4,20,15>I remember coming to this location over a year ago for lunch, when it was a pizza place, mediocre at best.Not anymore though. Couldn't have been more impressed and pleased.Things I loved (in no particular order):- Great service. We sat at the bar, and the bartender was very nice and friendly. Despite the restaurant being completely full, our orders came out within 10 minutes.- Huge menu. Given, I only had their signature burger, the "BBs Floating Burger", the variety on their menu is pretty great. And, they serve breakfast until 3pm, not sure of how many places nearby can make that claim.- Delicious food. The Floating Burger was great. Asked for it medium, got it medium. Great bacon, and a perfectly cooked egg atop of it. Even after cutting the burger in two, the egg was cooked just right so it didn't spill over everything and make a huge mess, but I still got the full experience of a burger with egg.Things I didn't love:- Nada. Zip. Zero. Nothin. It was great!Seriously, this is one of the best burgers I ever had. I was so pleased with it. I know that this storefront has been a problem location for businesses in the past, but I think if any business has potential here, this is definitely it. The two most important things for a restaurant to succeed are the food and the service, and right now, these guys have both.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,9/10/2014,73,288,6,7,9>It's about damn time the south side gets their very own permanent biergarten! No more being jealous of the folks north of 94 because we now can drink good beer in a park!The beer selection is small but great. I'm really starting to enjoy the St. Francis line of beers, including the Gluttony seasonal saison that I had on this occasion.  There's also maple root beer for kids/designated drivers that my young daughter really enjoyed.There's also a small menu of food, but I'm sorry, I'd let Tim Masthay punt me in the balls before I pay $9 for a giant pretzel.If you have trouble finding this place, it's almost directly in the center of the park right behind the pavilion. This is one of the best parks in the city, please do your part and keep it beautiful. There's plenty of garbage cans all around.Can we please get to the point where we can bring our own steins instead of paying $6 to rent? If I bring the family out, before I have my brew and my wife and girl gets their root beers, $18 disappears from my pocket for a short time. I have no problem paying $5 for a beer, but I rather not carry a bankroll just to have a good time.Otherwise, great job. I'm looking forward to many good times here!
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,9/9/2014,96,52,12,7,9>A dewy fog carries sweet aromas of malted barley to settle in the valleys of Milwaukee.The sweetness is balanced by the burn of South American beans.Cat dishes spill over with extra kibbles.Pets are held. They nuzzle into beards, stealing a few last moments.Small scissors trim mustaches under short brimmed caps.Summer scents of sunscreen stick to skirts & strapless shirts so sleeve tattoos may soldier against the Sun.Cooler filled with beer & ice. Whiskey in flasks to share more than twice.We are ready for anotherTwenty-four Hours Together.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,9/8/2014,296,1325,10,12,14>I can't believe I'm giving 5 stars to a car dealership but...I've been driving my Infiniti for about 18 months and I've had not one issue.When I bought my car (from here) the process was about as pain free as any car buying experience can be. I worked with Peter and appreciated that I was treated with respect all the way through the sale. At no point was there a discussion about where the make-up mirror was and there was none of that "let me go check with my manager" bullshit. I've been taking the car here for service, and that too has been a very pleasant experience. The service writers have been friendly, very upfront about costs and easy to work with. I've never had an issue getting an appointment in my chosen timeframe and the work that's been done has been fairly priced (for a dealership) and completed correctly. There's a pretty decent lounge with coffee, snacks, wifi and a TV that always seems to have "Days of Our Lives" on when I'm there.Finally, I love my car - it doesn't require constant servicing for nitpicky electrical issues (ahem, VW) nor does it have stinky air vents (looking at you, Lexus). Should a person want to take a corner at 50mph or go 95 on the Illinois Tollway, my car will make it happen. I wouldn't know from experience of course, because I scrupulously obey EVERY traffic law. If you're thinking Infiniti for your next car, this dealership is one of the few good eggs out there.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,9/7/2014,68,73,4,9,9>Listen Yelpers...You have to overlook the following:Location (ya burbs, near airport, yadda yadda)Vinyl tableclothsDated buildingWhat you will go in return:a warm/inviting interiorspicy salsa that is actually spicyHoly Mole!! The best mole outside of OaxacaThe ingredients are fresh, a large rotation of different specials each week, fresh margaritas, and friendly service.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,9/6/2014,17,41,4,5,5>I am a super fan of Beans and Barley and my only wish is that they would open one in Wauwatosa! We need more soup/salad/sandwich places out here. Beans and Barley is perfect for lunch and has plenty of GF, vegan, and vegetarian options that are super delicious as well. If you are on the juicer bandwagon or thinking of joining, pop your juicer cherry by trying their Orange Rabbit carrot juice. Each dish has a unique little twist on it, such as their Mediterranean wrap has tahini  dressing which was freaking delicious and their chicken salad wrap with a lovely hint of lemon. I simply love this place!!
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,9/5/2014,129,308,6,10,10>FINALLY was able to get a reservation at Odd Duck, and wasn't surprised to see how small it was. I actually thought the layout was very well done, with walkways being clear and tables being well organizes, so it was intimate without ever feeling invaded. Also I love the open concept kitchens that are oh so big right now. Our server was prompt and very friendly. I wish I remembered his name to give him a shout out, as he dealt with my humor and bantered back and forth with me nicely, making it a fun experience. I got their Manhattan, which was incredible. It was seriously the most wonderful balance of booze without making my face fall off. I also had a glass of the Pinot Noir, which was good, but overshadowed by the fabulousness of the Manhattan. We ordered four plates and one cheese/meat:1. Blue Cheese and Gin and Juice Lamb - it was awesome. The meat was borderline indescribable. There were whole juniper berries in it, making it seriously taste like gin and lamb. Perfection. They had mustard, apricots, fruit and crostini served with it as well. A nice little starter for two.2. Potato Salad - it was okay. There was frisee, pomegranate seeds, pear slices and a blend of purple and red cubed potatoes. In the middle was a blue cheese "whip" which I did not care for. I would take a smudge of it, and eat all elements in one bite, but the thick whip was just off-putting. I liked that this was served cold, as a traditional potato salad would be. 3. Korean Pancake - This was extremely unique. It was thin like a crepe and had a sort of thick hoisin sauce, with diced cucumbers and very thin almost "tortilla" crisps on top, as well as sliced fresh jalapenos. I really liked the flavor profile, but it was very strong and I could never eat an entire one. Enjoyable for a bite though. 4. Soy Braised Pork Belly - This came out with a rice cake (more like a potato cake, not hard and dried out like rice cakes typically are), some fresh peanut sauce, bok choi and scallions. The pork belly was cooked perfectly, cut into three pieces and each piece had a nice mixture of the fat and the meat, making each bite taste like asian bacon. yum.5. Roasted Duck Breast - Unfortunately this was my least favorite dish of all, which was disappointing considering it is their namesake! There were sauteed onions/bacon, and not much else going on. It was plated beautifully (they all were), but there was SO MUCH FAT on the duck that it was impossible to separate. I know that duck is a fattier meat so I expected it, but I physically spit out a large bite of this unable to stomach it. 6. Whiskey Brownie - I am not a desert eater typically, but boy am I glad this is what I made an exception for. Moist and light, with a fantastic caramel drizzled over the top. The plating was beautiful, the atmosphere was intimate. I loved my visit, and save for the few food issues, I would say that this was a solid experience.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,9/4/2014,185,276,11,11,8>I've had a review for 'The Coin' (that's what people call it, people) sitting in draft limbo for over a year now. After stopping by again last weekend it made me want to write about it.  This bar is dog friendly.This bar is cash only.This bar has a pool table.This bar has a juke box.This bar has a pinball machine and a multi-arcade machine.This bar has a bunch of taps and a bunch of bottles.This bar has glorious windows.This bar has friendly people.  This bar, is pretty great.(This bar does not have great bathrooms. Seriously though, you've been warned)
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,9/3/2014,103,296,1,7,6>I think that any demerits appearing on the "revived Palomino" page should be singularly credited to the former establishment.  I could not find a single flaw with the current state of affairs at this place now owned by the Honeypie folks.  I hope that they maintain the superior service and food performance that they gave on Saturday evening.  I was more than impressed with what was served.We arrived a little after 8:00 p.m., and there were spots-a-plenty at the bar, but we managed to snag the last booth in back.  The rest of the tables were full and even a large group was whooping it up (no annoyance factor there, by the way).  The source of happiness comes truly from the food.  There is a significant amount of love in what they are creating, and they certainly are not shy when it comes to portions.  Do not let the hefty portions fool you, though, because you will receive freshness and quality.  Believe it.  We wanted to taste a little around the menu, so we first got our drinks on order with a tapped spiced cider and a bourbon-aged stout.  To saddle up with the first drink of the night, we went with the pimento cheese spread that was topped with this glistening, jammy wonder.  Wonder what it was?  Bacon. Yes. Lovely lardons mixed with fruit preserves.  Throw that mixture atop a lightly spiced cheese spread and you have hog heaven.  Plus, you get grilled sourdough slices, and their char makes for the perfect melody of flavors.  Huge fan of that collaboration.We went with an appetizer, really, only because we knew there would be a wait on any fried chicken dinners.  I selected one off the entrée list, which included two buttermilk biscuits, and this insane sausage gravy. Insane!!! I could have dipped everything in it.  I practically did.  In fact, we ordered a side of the homemade tater tots, and I dipped them in the gravy, and my biscuits, and my chicken...oh, and my fingers.  I still had half the bowl left too, even after all of that dipping, if that is any indication of how much you get.  The chicken.  Man. By far. By far, the best chicken I have ever had.  As a Yelper, there is an abundance of hyperbole and exaggeration, however, not in explaining this chicken and all of its magnificence.  It is killer. Juicy, succulent, tender, and piping hot.  It is the best in town.  It is made to order and served hot.  So much so, there is steam billowing out when you cut into it.  The biscuits were fluffy, flaky, and buttery.  It partnered well with the chicken and gravy.  Mmmm. Gravy.  It makes me want to take a bath....in it.  Ha.  The tots too.  These were in a league of their own, with a crunchy shell I have never seen or tasted elsewhere.  Panko or cereal flake in texture.  Sooo crunchy and yummy.  The potatoes inside were hot and creamy.  Sorry, folks.  I don't mean to sound dirty, but this food has my heart, and I'm not afraid to shout it out aloud.  I love Palomino.  Yep. I said it.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,9/2/2014,206,157,4,7,4>First time having Marty's Pizza tonight. It was a large garden fresh pizza. Amazing! It was topped off with a ton of fresh tomatoes, bell peppers, onions and mushrooms. Pretty healthy to me:) they offer other great it's on their menu as well subs and also does party pizzas huge ones. :) so if you're in the mood for some mom and pops pizza place head on over to Marty's. I'm definitely going back for more!
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,5/25/2013,228,281,3,5,5>Where else can you skate on an official Olympic-trial speedskating track?  I got to attend a qualifier here and it was awesome.  Although no one should ever have thighs the size of the speed skaters.  Ridiculous.  It's like custom made jeans for life.Great group of times for open skates and such, although I've yet to come in for open hockey.  Plenty of classes offered for several age groups in both hockey and figure skating (finger painting? - watch the Cutting Edge).  Pretty cheap price for the name, and it's got decent access and plenty of parking.  Come Halloween, you can skate and outfit your kids in costumes from the giant pumpkin outside...
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,5/24/2013,125,33,1,10,6>My favorite spot for produce and  butcher-shop meat & seafood!Seriously. You walk in, and you're in a garden of produce with GREAT prices. Incredible variety, and as it's a Mexican grocer, lots of peppers and other stuff that I am enjoying sampling.While it is a mexican grocer, they have a couple aisles LOADED with other ethnic foods.  If you took the ethnic grocers around Milwaukee and put them all under one VERY organized and VERY neat roof, it would be Cermak. Greek, German, Euro, Asian... more and more and more.Prices on produce, bakery, butcher, seafood, deli, and prepared foods are among the best I've seen.  $1.99/lb for pre-cut and spiced fajita meat, 5 for $1 grapefruits, 15 for $1 limes, Deli meats as low as $2.99/lb... Bakery, fresh tortillas, fresh chips, chicarrones as big as the pig they came from.... My god, it's phenomenal.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2013,5/23/2013,84,156,4,5,4>Just a note: There is a parking lot immediately after the entrance (headed East on Brady) under an "arch."This is the third time that we have eaten here. Also, my brother that has lived in Milwaukee for about 8 years loves this place and I learned of it from him.My other half always has the Kung Pao Chicken, and we order the crab rangoons and I order either vegetable or shrimp lo mein. I really want the seafood lo mein with shrimp, scallops, crab, and lobster, but it is market rate at around $23, and that's too much.Tonight we ordered our usual as well as the sweet potato. It was great as well. We get 6 large, overstuffed crab rangoons and when you eat-in the plates are HEAPING with food. It's a way better deal to eat in.Crab rangoons were $5Lo mein $9Sweet potato $4Kung Pao Chicken -$? (I can't remember how much the Kung Pao Chicken was)Service was attentive and friendly. They even give you a few spoons of ice cream in a little container in addition to a chocolate fortune cookie!The only weird thing was when we pulled into the parking lot, I was on the phone and we didn't want to enter the restaurant yet. I finished my business in the car, but they were watching us with their head stuck out of the back door to make sure that we were actually patrons of their restaurant. Weird.BTW, If you like it spicy you should let them know because there's "American" spicy, and then there is spicy.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/10/2013,5/22/2013,41,225,,6,6>New ownership has brought this place to BBQ glory!  The people that call this "no frills" BBQ are certainly correct, but this place is home to the best BBQ ribs in Milwaukee.  The meat was much moister than anywhere else I've tried, and there was a good amount of meat on the bone.  I didn't like the BBQ beans, unfortunately.  My Best Gal vouches for the cornbread, though.  You can also never go wrong with the award-winning brisket chili.  Also, I'm a man that enjoys his sauces... and they will give you pretty much as much sauce as you want - either on the food or on the side - and they don't charge for it.  Coo coo catchoo!Service was okay... I asked for one of each of the sauces and it took me a really long time to get them.  I was waiting for awhile.  The people are very nice though and this is just a very pleasant down-home BBQ south side joint.  Support them, it's one of the best restaurants in this area of the city.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,5/21/2013,36,140,2,5,6>I've been meaning to eat here for a few weeks now but I figured it would be crazy busy on a late Sunday morning so I assumed we would have to come back in a few more weeks when the buzz died down. We stopped here today, however, out of desperation when two of our regular brunch spots were packed with 30-45 minute wait times. While it was crazy busy for a late Sunday morning, we only had a brief wait, which was fine. The service was very nice and our waiter was about as passionate about omelets as anyone could hope to be. This is weird to say, but their toast was excellent. I love toast - what of it? I had the mushroom omelet and T had some kind of hash. We both ended up with leftovers which I don't think has ever happened when it comes to brunch. They serve Alterra coffee, which is always good. And...that's pretty much the only confirmed "local" thing on the menu. I wasn't looking very hard, but nor was it obvious, what local farms or ingredients they use. At a number of local restaurants, for example, there are gigantic boards with all their local purveyors listed in addition to them being printed on the menus. I will definitely go back here because the food was worth it, but if everything is local (and possibly organic?) then why not come right out and let us know?
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,5/20/2013,148,281,3,7,2>Ally's is awesome! To Paul W.'s comment, I think the cat is out of the bag here. When we stopped in at noon, they were jam packed, and it's easy to understand why.For being so busy, the service was quick and the staff was friendly, taking the time to answer our questions so pleasantly when there was still a line behind us of people needing to order. The atmosphere is clean, bright, and spacious. Even though it's a fairly small location, they use their space well, and it did not feel cramped.The food itself was really great. Their menu has a little bit of everything, so there is no doubt anyone could find something to enjoy. For me this time, it was the roast beef wrap with kettle chips, and it was a wonderful (if slightly messy) meal. I wish Ally's all the best and am glad to see them being so busy and successful!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,5/19/2013,55,104,2,6,4>What a fantastic addition to the Tosa Village! Living in Toaa, I've been here multiple times and always have a great experience. The atmosphere is a comfortable rustic chic with bar, table and lounge seating (most of the lighting and furniture seems to be from West Elm or similar if you ever shop there). Perfect for both groups and if you are looking for something more intimate. There is a whole wall of wines to choose from, each with a description of it's flavor and the prices clearly marked. I love the self serve concept and the fact that I can try out as much as I'd like. They also have a large cooler or craft beers for those who prefer that. The menu consists of snacks with cheese, meat, crackers, truffle popcorn, olives etc. that are good for light noshing. They also have daily specials and wines you may purchase by the glass or mini bottles.Highly recommend for a lovely, unique experience. Everyone that I go here with always wants to return!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,5/18/2013,35,99,4,9,5>Irina's is an adorable old diner located off the beaten path. Well, sort of off the beaten path: it's across the street from a mega-mall, but it's not like any of those mouth-breathers are skipping Cheesecake Factory to come here.In any event, it's a charming place staffed by a kind Ukrainian couple. They serve up typical American diner food right alongside some great specialties from the old country. So you can rely on standbys like omelets or burgers or try out some Ukrainian sausage and borscht. They also have concocted a few predictable hybrids like the Ukrainian omelet.Another menu offering they tackle is East-coast deli food: pastramis, ruebens, latkes, corned beef, lox, matzo, and potato salad. Their rueben is an old-school assembly of kraut, homemade pumpernickel, homemade beef, and no shortage of dressing. Their selection of corned beef is, um, rustic to say the least: loose slices with plenty of the fat left on that spoke of hand-butchered meat made right on the premises. Not for everyone, but a pleasant surprise to me. There's a lot of other homemade stuff here like the breakfast hash. And the Slavic wines and beer offered reminded me that Milwaukee still has some good ethnic joints left! I'm coming back soon for their hopplepopple, pastrami sandwich, and especially for the Bailey's Irish cream French toast. Next time you're up for some hearty brunch, skip the George Webb's and come grab some grub with Slavic soul.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,5/17/2013,97,180,4,6,4>Beers, and ciders, and wines, oh my! You'll be like a kid in a candy shop and will most likely be able to find any alcohol you're looking for. Truly a wonderland of alcohol.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,5/16/2013,76,73,2,12,8>I LOVE TO ANNOUNCE THAT I NOW HAVE A CHICKEN SPOT!I have all my proteins covered! Its the BUNZEL's of POULTRY!Things I love:Cheap, FRESH eggs! Why pay $4/bx at the grocery store when you can get it for under $2 here?It smells like a chicken place should smell, and the guys dress like butchers.The chicken is SO FRESH and they dont run out!They have JALEPENO CHICKEN SAUSAGE THAT IS TO DIE FOR!Say you forgot your BBQ, look no further as they have NUMEROUS options lining the walls opposite the chicken counter!Wings you say? They've got them too!I am heading back this weekend to bulk up. Thanks Tower Chicken, you are now my bi monthly chicken stock up spot!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,10/15/2013,11,68,1,4,4>I love this library. I'm here at least 1-2 times a week.  I borrow books, e-books, CDs, and movies...I gotta say I often get the movies the same day they show up in Redbox!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,10/14/2013,23,21,3,8,6>So I walk into Roman's wearing the t-shirt I acquired at one of my favorite craft breweries (Left Hand), and I order the Left Hand Milk Stout on Nitro (!!!yes!!!), and it is served to me in a pristine Left Hand pint glass. That my friends is what I call a perfect beer trifecta! Start forwarding my mail here cuz I am home. Roman's has the best on tap beer list that I have ever seen.  The beer list is  diverse, balanced, and extensive. Also it didn't hurt that the list included 2 of my all-time favorites. I can't remember exactly how many taps, but I believe there are over 40.  I get really irritated when a bar has lots of taps, and they are mostly one kind of beer (usually IPA's). Not at Romans. The bar is nice in an old-timey historic kinda way that I really like. There is an outside tented area for smokers to indulge. TV's at the bar to watch the game. Good conversation with the very beer knowledgeable owner. The only thing that could make this place better is bacon.....EVERYTHING is better with bacon. The owner is a bit gruff, which I prefer to the syrupy-sweet fake butt kissing love fest you find with some bartenders. He was very nice to us. I am there to drink beer, not marry the guy, right?  But clearly he has low tolerance for those in the 20-something crowd and their antics. I can respect that. Basically, if you want to go somewhere and get stupid wasted on Miller Light, this place is NOT for you. The ONLY thing I would change are the hours. Opens at 5pm, and there have been many days when the hubs and I get out of work early and would love to stop by for a pint (or 3), but we are always too early.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,10/13/2013,28,84,1,6,2>This place is awesome. I don't know about you, but I have been fed up with all those in-and-out discount hair places. Sick of the poor service and the horrible quality cuts. This place was top notch, and still affordable. Cuts were right around $15, and they offer all the other typical services as well. The service was fantastic. You feel like you are in your own little room while your are getting your cut; they have nice privacy walls with your own little tv. Not only do you get a great high quality cut, but they give you a wash and a back/neck massage on top of it. Glad that a place like this is bringing back quality and value in the same sentence.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,10/12/2013,23,80,,3,3>The best microbrew bar in Milwaukee.  Over 60 taps always changing. Pay a game of ping ping ion the patio.  Very knowledgeable staff if you don't know what you want they will help you.  Good energy.  It is a little dark. I know that is what they are going or so good but a little to for me. And seating. Get a set at the bar or have a very young back for the wood benches.  But still the beer selection is the number one reason to o there.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,10/11/2013,23,49,,6,4>Exactly how I remembered - and maybe even better!  First off, the restaurant space is huge.  Enormous! A plethora of tables to select from: inside, outside, on the balcony, or in the old school booths.  It was a perfect afternoon so we chose to sit outside on the balcony overlooking Downer Ave. Sunny and great people watching. In regards to the most important part:  the drink and food.  Amanda was our server and I was so excited that she knew the different wines and their pairings to the food (at the present moment no drink list is available).  Her recommendation was a cabernet, which had a full body and wasn't too dry.  It went perfectly with the pizza and dessert.We started with the French onion soup, which was so, so delicious.  The soup crock came to the table and was insanely cheesy with chunks of crusty, buttery baguette with a tasty onion-y soup.  Of course we ordered a pizza with cream cheese and pepperoni.  At first glance we thought it was much, much thinner than what we remember from the original restaurant, but it didn't really matter as the flavor was outstanding!  It was obvious that everything was fresh and made with love and passion.  We wished we got the largest pizza and there were only 2 of us!  To end our night, we had tiramisu for dessert.  Un-freaking-believable.  This tasted as if it was made just minutes before arriving to our table.  It was rich with thickly whipped mascarpone and perfectly espresso soaked lady fingers.  Definitely never frozen!I think a favorite aspect of the night was that our sever Amanda asked us if we wanted more drinks rather than hustling us out to get more patrons.  She encouraged us to stay and enjoy the atmosphere even though it was clear the restaurant was getting full.I'm so thrilled that Pizza Man is back and better than ever.  The "soft" opening was flawless!!
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2013,10/9/2013,54,340,2,4,3>I planned my son's birthday party at National Karate and  couldn't be happier with the experience.  Very accommodating and very friendly.  The trainers have so much patience with the kids and make it such a fun and positive experience.NK is located in strip mall by Goodwill and Chumleys in New Berlin on Moorland Rd. They offer many different classes and host parties and I would highly recommend it.Private party.  They learn different moves and kicks.  Play games.  Learn about respect.  Dodgeball is a hit and the best part is they get to break a board.  Talk about feeling powerful!With the birthday package each child will receive a voucher to come back for 1 free month of lessons and get a uniform.  WoW - what a deal.  We will definitely be going back for that and looking forward to it..Very clean.  Great people.  Teaches great lessons.I strongly recommend and will update my review when we start classes.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,10/8/2013,64,183,1,9,8>I hesitated to write a review about Irish Fest for a long time because I'm so loyal to it I know my review will be riddled with bias!  And how to describe Irish heaven? I am at Irish Fest virtually all open hours each year. Irish Fest dishes up truly world class Irish musical groups each year. It also showcases Milwaukee's world class Irish dance schools and offers many, many fine food choices. The Cultural Village is amazing for those of us that want to delve more seriously into Irish and Celtic culture - Gaelic speaking areas, genealogy tent, film, live theater, and free Irish drum lessons. Besides these permanent offerings there are new and different exhibits each year, like Irish Coffee demonstrations, an exhibit on the Titanic, and this year an exhibit on Irish Sci-Fi and Fantasy writers. And the Hedge School provides fascinating lectures, demos and presentations from experts from both over the pond and local. Besides ample opportunities to soak up the culture, I believe the way that Irish Fest is run is very humane, caring, thoughtful and compassionate. There are ways to get in cheap or free each day except one. There are some very busy times when it can be difficult to find a seat, especially around the popular eateries at meal times. But the Fest utilizes the entire festival grounds and if you explore further you can find a breezy scenic place to picnic or to get away from the crowds for some quiet time along the long stretch of lakefront. There is a lot of shade and lots of picnic tables to be found. There are drinking fountains and a sprinkler area to cool down. Food and beverage can be found at a range of prices. There are many creative offerings of activities for families and children. Admission is free on Sunday with the donation of canned foods to be collected by the Hunger Task Force. Watching people stream in on Sunday morning dropping off their food is honestly one of my favorite moments of Irish Fest. So we Irish Fest fans have an opportunity to bless others less fortunate. The crowds can be annoying to maneuver around but I have found people to be kind and considerate when we bump up against each other in different ways. And especially this comes from the volunteers - from cheery greetings of the ticket takers to the beer servers. My cup was always filled to the brim! And I mean that literally and figuratively.But to truly suck the marrow out of Irish Fest I highly recommend volunteering. There are many groups that annually contribute to the Fest each year such as the Friends of St. Patrick (hosting visitors from Northern Ireland and fostering a connection with the St. Patrick Centre), the Shamrock Club, the Ancient Order of Hibernians, the St. Andrew's Society and others. My involvement with the Friends of St. Patrick has given me a deeper level to enjoy the Fest as I've been able to meet and visit with many visiting VIPS from Northern Ireland and learned how Irish Fest and our efforts are contributing to the peace process. Irish Fest has its own cadre of 4,000 volunteers. Families and groups of friends have fun serving in areas of Irish Fest together each year. So there are plenty of ways to contribute to the Fest as well as enjoy it for yourself. I helped with tear down the Monday after one year and it was hard work but GREAT fun. I was very impressed with how organized the process was . Usually volunteers get free admissions for passes and parking arrangements - another way to make the Fest affordable.Irish Fest has become an important tradition for myself, my husband and our besties, and a wonderful place to reunite with friends we have traveled to Ireland and Northern Ireland with. The combination of fantastic music, dance, best friends, laughs, and maybe a bevvie or two is what I think of when I think of the Gaelic word "craic", and Irish Fest is my best source for it, this side of the pond. The best part of Irish Fest I think, is that this joyful experience is multiplied thousands of times, as many many families and groups also use it for such reunions. Irish Fest is a tradition that is being passed down from generation to generation. Its like a four day party with thousands of friends you just haven't met yet!
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,10/7/2013,30,62,1,5,3>Definitely one of our go-tos for sushi takeout.  Overall, we love it for the freshness of the fish and the high fish to rice ratio.  They have more expensive rolls on the menu that  I don't necessarily think are better than the basic rolls.  Our favorites include: the sashimi appetizer (7 pieces of raw fish for $7 -- see picture),  the eel nigiri, salmon+avocado roll, shrimp tempura roll, and the spicy salmon roll. I recently ate sushi at Fujiyamas and realized I had to peel some of the rice off b/c i was so used to having a thin portion of rice from Ginza.   During one of our probably 15 dining experiences here, the avocado in our roll was hard and brown.  Large oversight to slip that into our rolls - probably would have been better without avocado.  I forgive you though, Ginza.  I'll still be coming back often.It also doesn't hurt to keep getting Groupons to keep the price down!
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,10/6/2013,18,6,10,10,8>I ran into this family run business with the intention of buying a three entrée combo meal, and rushing home before my previously purchased ice melted and my resupply of beer warmed up.There was only one other guy before me in line serviced by whom I presumed to be the son, and this sweet older lady had just finished up a fresh entrée in the wok which turned out to be pepper steak.  JACKPOT!!!She warmly greeted me with a huge smile and proceeded to load up that Styrofoam takeout container as if I was her long lost son. *sniffles*I had a yearnin' burnin' for some shrimp fried rice; not that stuff you make at home... Only that REAL fried rice that you can only get with the addition of around a gazillion blastin' BTUs of natural gas under a blackened, well seasoned cast-iron wok that looked like it survived a train wreck.  If you don't have fireballs of residual ignited peanut oil flaring up from the top of your wok-tossed food up towards the exhaust hood, it's not authentic.  WAHHOO!!! "Breath of the Dragon" my friends!!!My second selection was the Sesame Chicken.  It wasn't the fried chicken dough balls covered in sauce I've unfortunately had at times; in fact I'm sure they used a technique that my late mother used, and that's to marinate the chicken, toss in cornstarch, flash fry it in oil, then drain before you add the sauce. It resulted in a sweet, savory dish, yet had a yielding crunch despite being covered in the molten tangy master sauce.The third selection was the freshly cooked Pepper Steak. (Can you blame me? Last in, first out...) It was loaded with sliced-across-the grain beef, big chunks of seared, yet crisp green bell pepper, a soy, garlic, and black bean paste gravy, and loads of fried sweet onions. The daughter rang me up ($8.35+tax), and ZOOM!!! I rushed home to ice down that beer, rinse (Always 3 times) and steam some jasmine rice, (I can't eat Chinese "neat". It's too rich, I need some raw starch up in there...) and crack the lid of the takeout container as to not make the Sesame Chicken and veggies soggy. Nothing more to do other than suck some brews, "mainline" some Chinese as the rice steams...Life is good, and I'll be back!Postscript: Go during the 1-2 hour windows of rush hours of lunch or dinner for the freshest selections otherwise your experience may vary.An under-lit, out-of-focus picture to follow when I get around to it... CIAO!!!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,10/5/2013,41,166,10,2,3>I kind of feel bad for giving Pizza Shuttle 5 stars.  I don't really consider myself a food/pizza snob, but in my mind, I think other people would consider Pizza Shuttle in the realm of Papa John's (no offense Papa) or other "low class" pizza places (if in fact people do think of pizza joints in a relation to a "class system").BUT I AM DOING IT.  I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU THINK!!!!  5 STARS FOR PIZZA SHUTTLE!I am embarrassed by the amount of money I have spent over the past 1.5 years since moving to Milwaukee.  I see the running total every time I order online.  I blush.  The delivery man consoles me in that I'd "be surprised by how much a college kid can spend in a year" on Pizza Shuttle.  I feel better.I can spend $35-$40 on Pizza Shuttle Delivery, have a smorgasbord of a dinner and then have lunches for the whole week.  Whereas I order Indian delivery, I spend $50 and barely have enough for dinner.  Same goes for Thai.They have rotating Facebook specials that I usually take advantage of (yes, I "like" Pizza Shuttle on facebook).  I also have been using the same "free small one topping pizza" coupon that came in the mail (VIP only?) for the past 2 months.  I get nervous when the delivery man comes whether he will ask for my coupon or not.I enjoy the pizza:  thin, hand tossed, thick.  All toppings have been tasty that I've tried.  Wide variety of wing sauces (and I like sauces).  Bread sticks are pretty good.  Stromboli is great.Never been inside the place; it's on my Bucket List.When I grow up and move out to the 'burbs I don't know what I'm going to do.P.S.  I love you.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,10/4/2013,172,484,2,4,4>Riverwest Radio is pretty rad. I myself am on one of their shows (There Goes the Neighborhood, Wednesdays at 3:30 till 5). The shows can be found on their website at riverwestradio.com. There are many shows every day from about 3:30pm till around midnight. You can watch and listen live online or listen to prerecorded episodes. The topics range from news and current events to sports to sex. It's good stuff.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,10/3/2013,34,209,,4,1>I came here because I was looking for my coconut oil (Vatika Dabur Coconut Oil).  For the naturalistas in Milwaukee this is a good place for your henna, (never knew that it came in different colors) and amla oil. I called during the week to ask if they had my oil and the person on the other end was nice enough to check and and give me the price over the phone. The store is really clean, easy to navigate and well organized (beauty section, frozen food section, bags of rice, spices, canned goods, candy and a tiny produce section) If you're into Bollywood movies there's huge wall of them.  I was really impressed the variety of products they have. It's really close to both Mayfair and Bayshore Mall.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,10/2/2013,32,100,,6,3>We hadn't been there since it was the Palermo Villa, though I'm not sure why, since I liked it then and like it now.  I hadn't even realized that it had change the name, since the Palermo Villa sign is still up in April, four months after the change-over, and that is what one sees from North Avenue.  In any case, the new owners are from the same family as the old, and the overall feel of the place hasn't changed much despite some refurbishment.  It is a family-run Milwaukee Italian restaurant, a genre I'm very fond of. really in any city, though Milwaukee has a particularly nice selection.  If you like Italian cuisine at all, the menu here will have something for you, and I don't think you can really go wrong here.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,10/1/2013,28,54,,4,5>I'd give this restaurant 6 stars if I could.  A friend was taking me out for my belated birthday dinner and he suggested this restaurant.  I had never been but I knew that it was Japanese with a twist.  I think I may have found my favorite restaurant in Milwaukee!  And that says a lot coming from a major food snob with VERY high expectations.  From the valet service, to the friendly hostess, to the incredible waitstaff and exceptional food, this was a perfect experience.  The BEST lobster bisque that I can recall having in a long long time (could be the best ever).  Had a craving for Ika, either sushi or sashimi but they did not have it.  They did have calamari on the menu which I find too rubbery but that did indicate that they had squid.  I requested if the chef could make something with the squid leaving it mostly raw but slightly seared in something like a teriyaki sauce.  No problem!  It came out exactly as I would have wanted.  We also ordered some tuna sashimi diced with diced avocado.  It was light and tasty although I thought it would taste even better with some fresh lime juice... asked for some limes, no problem!  And no attitude.  Then I ordered the lobster potstickers and when they came out I noticed they were deep fried which was not mentioned on the menu and the lobster was tough and flavorless... it tasted more like chicken.  As soon as the waiter asked how we liked the potstickers, I told him that we weren't enjoying them and he took them away and did not charge us for them.  Brava!  More excellent service.  I saved some room for desert, and I knew it would be classy and not a huge portion of crap.  I don't remember the name of the desert but it was almost like creme brule but cold and slightly creamier and had this delightful fresh raspberry topping.  And throughout the meal, we also drank several glasses of sake ... probably some of the best sake I have had as well.  Slightly unfiltered and just a bit sweet, served cold in these funky glasses on ice.Such incredible professionalism and service.  I'm definitely coming back to this restaurant, especially for that soup and sake!  Wow.  Can't wait to try some more of their food.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2013,9/30/2013,92,265,2,5,5>Ray's reminds me of the liquor stores of my youth. Don't take that the wrong way -- I remember walking with my dad to "his" shop and strolling the aisles with him, taking in the rich, luxurious smell of...booze. You walk in the door and it just feels right -- friendly staff, ready to help, nice wide aisles and HOLY COWBELLS, BATMAN, WHAT A SELECTION!!!Reasons why Ray's is awesome:-Beers from all over the country, and world, separated by geographic region. -Fair prices. -Lots of deals, including weekly specials online. -Incredibly friendly, knowledgeable, and polite staff. Don't know what you're looking for? They'll take the time to ask what you like and make suggestions to fit your taste palate or budget.-Hey look, local spirits from Great Lakes Distillery!Bottom line, I've found my stop for booze in the 4-1-4.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,9/29/2013,24,75,3,3,4>Stopped in on a late afternoon to get an "I apologize" flower arrangement for my wife.  This was just a small apology, not a Kobe Bryant apology but Mari pulled it off in Kobe fashion.Super friendly, I told her what I'd like to spend and she whipped up a beautiful arrangement for me which kept me from sleeping in the nursery. She sells wine and champagne there as well so it's a great one stop shop for you fellas out there looking to impress on a first date.If all of that failed to coerce you I'll say this: Support your local business!!
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2013,9/28/2013,12,62,6,6,6>This is a stellar example of Middle Eastern Food.  Personally, I love the lunch buffets - they give me a chance to sample around the menu without committing to just one dish.Casablanca is located on Brady Street in a building that has been there as long as I can remember.  They recently expanded, and now there is a large main dining room, and a large room on the second floor that can be reserved for banquets, parties, etc.  There is also some seating near the bar - although these seem to be reserved for the tables that order a hookah as they have the large air vacuums above them that keep the facility clear of smoke.Here's the quick scoop:  Extensive vegetarian lunch buffet 6 days a week; Sunday brunch buffet has both vegetarian and meat options and costs a few dollars more.  Expect a few soups to pick from, as well as an assortment of typical Middle Eastern dishes prepared very well.  I think you will pretty much always see aba ghannooj, hummos, tuboleh salad, potato salad, and falafel in the buffet.  There are other options as well - usually a great assortment of salads (vegetable and lettuce based).  There is fresh naan style bread  as well that is definitely worth sampling.  Make sure you try the assortment of relishes and chutneys - they are a great way to add different levels of flavor to your dish.  You can expect a few choices for dessert - eschew the other choices and go for the baklava.  Service is always pleasant and efficient; not overly effusive, which is fine.Tip:  Sunday is probably my favorite day to go, as I'm a bit of a carnivore; several of the lamb / beef and chicken dishes are outstanding and leave me purring with satisfaction.  In particular, look for the lamb / beef in the creamy almond sauce - it's making my mouth water just thinking about it!
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,9/27/2013,3,52,,4,3>This is a pretty posh and plush place. I've only been for Downtown Dining Week, 'cause I'm cheap, but that's a pretty good way to experience the swankiness for a moderate amount of money.The dining room kind of glistens in the evening sun and an army of waiters serves you beginning to end. Both times I visited I tried a couple of their creamy soups (deelish), short ribs and some kind of fish (deelish), and something chocolatey and then fruity for dessert (okay). The bread and whipped honey butter is also deelish, though, so that makes up for dessert.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2013,9/26/2013,266,264,7,12,11>Dear lord, stop the insanity people.  Ok, so it's not the old Palomino.  It had to grow up and get a job and give up on its dream of making it as a rock star.  I know that a little bit of you died too with that lost dream.  But STOP FREAKING OUT.There are still vegan/vegetarian options on the menu.  Not as many as before, but the menu in general is smaller.  And the items I tried (vegan hot fried chicken, collard greens, homemade tater tots, hushpuppies) have been really great.  The only minor disappointment was the wingz. They are far from the toffalo wingz of yore.  Not bad per se, but lacking the old glory.For people with a little extra $$ in their wallet and a penchant for the meatfoods, I think you guys will be pleasantly surprised.  They seem to really be putting quality first and are smoking their own brisket and pork and crazy stuff.  The omni bf has been enjoying all of them.  They're still definitely working out a lot of kinks, and don't even have brunch running yet! So let's just take a breath and give them a little time to get their bearings before the angry mob burns the place down.  Because now that I can have vegan hushpuppies, I don't want to go back to a world without them.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,9/25/2013,17,145,9,4,2>I am not a religious person whatsoever, but this restaurant was like a religious awakening.I may have even seen the light! Can I get a hallelujah?Curry fries. I worship thee. I want to have thee in my life. On a daily basis.I may have literally licked my bowl clean just to get all the sauce they had given me.The bar doesn't seem like the place to be very vegetarian friendly, when in fact they have an entire veggie friendly menu!Can I get an Amen?The seitan Reuben was yuuuummmy! I can't wait to go back and try some of their other offerings!The restaurant itself was gorgeous! The beautiful stained glass windows and the hard wood fixtures really create an authentic feel.I am quite sure this will be one of my new go to places for a hearty vegetarian meal and a cold glass of Magner's Cider!
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2014,9/21/2014,228,281,4,7,5>On a spur of the moment stop, we ate here for the first time and will make it a point to keep this place in mind whenever I'm near the airport.They've got a very local crowd inside of their spacious and well-lit restaurant, and it's got a decent sports bar vibe.  I'm curious how full they are when either the Brewers or Packers are playing.  I wasn't paying close enough attention to the bar to see how the TV's were laid out, but I'll be stopping back to see.The wings  were pretty decent, with the sriracha honey being my favorite.  I had a great burger special with a fried egg, avocado, cheese and bacon.  While it's not as good as a Christie's burger, it was still well-made and cooked to medium like I'd asked.  The fries (for those of us who are picky) were pretty good too.The beer selection is pretty standard Wisconsin, with Lite, High Life, Spotted Cow, Stella and a couple others.  Drinks weren't weak, and the pricing was very kind.  I think we had 3 pitchers, assorted cocktails, a couple sandwiches and a bunch of wings for $80.  Not bad for 8 of us.I'll be stopping back for one of their burgers specifically, which subs the bun for the meat between two grill cheese sandwiches.  And more peanuts.  There's something nice about sitting outside with a beer on a nice day and tossing peanut shells...
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,9/20/2014,41,41,1,10,8>Went to lovely this past weekend and it was truly lovely. (I had too.)I had a hair appointment with Addie, being a true believer that stylists know what will be best for their clients, I told her to do her thing.  She commented right away about my curly hair and how that can be tricky for stylists if they don't know what they are doing, since she had similar hair to me she knew just what to do to avoid the curly hair triangle we all dread. Addie was super pleasant, relaxed and easy to talk to throughout the appointment. Just what a girl needs to relax. I truly felt pampered!At the end of the appointment, I mentioned I tried to schedule an eye-brow waxing but it wouldn't fit into her schedule. Addie immediately looked up the schedule for the salon and hooked me up with Amee to do my brows. Amee was also fantastic and showed me what we needed to do to get my eyebrows back in shape after another stylist from a different salon messed them up. Would highly recommend her for anyone looking for a good esthetician.Prices where amazing for the amount of customer service you receive.  Did I mention they give you coffee (or whatever your drink of choice is) when you enter the building and take your coat to hang it up for you? It is welcoming, relaxing and personable just like a salon should be...I've found my MKE salon.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,9/19/2014,69,124,12,5,7>I met her in a pub down on 2nd StreetWhere you drink Old Mil and it tastes just like cherry-colaSee-oh-el-aye colaShe walked up to me and she asked me to danceI asked her her name and in a drunk gal voice she said LolaEl-oh-el-aye Lola la-la-la-la LolaWhoops, sorry. My bad. This is not a Kinks' song, this is a Yelp review.But as long as we're discussing The Kinks, let's talk about Milwaukee's newest eatery [July 2014]: Morel. Morel, much like its namesake fungus' crinkly crown, has a few Kinks, but don't let that stop you from visiting. Their food is Something Else and can be reasonably acquired for those with a Low Budget. Clearly they're aiming to give Milwaukeeans What They Want.Oh sure, there may be a few Showbiz Hillbillies from Percy that have a Phobia to Greens sourced locally from the Village Preservation Society, but no matter how one Acts, One or Two ways, only the Misfits will find dining at Morel unsatisfactory.Seriously, Face to Face, let's not have Kontroversy and make a Soap Opera out of this whole review. I mean, the last thing we need is a State of Confusion here (we're talking about a restaurant review--not the rise and Fall of the British Empire), but if this review is the modern version of Word of Mouth (Think Visually about it for a second... see?), then let me be loudly heard: Morel has a few Kinks, but is otherwise exactly the Kinda place I like to dine.So don't just Sleepwalk your way through another bland dining experience (a Disgrace, just like Schoolboys!), take your Lola to Morel and Jive down a few tasty bites....And thus concludes a Yelp review where I referenced every album recorded by The Kinks from 1964 to 1993. If you'd like to check me, please Google "Kinks Discography," otherwise, just take my word for it and go and have a nice dinner at Morel Milwaukee.Morel Mo-or-el Morel Mo-or-el MorelThe merciful and Kinky end,Mike
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2014,9/18/2014,137,194,8,11,10>Good Grapes Batman!  How have we never been here?For some time we struggle for a new place to take out of town friends, Colectivo? Nah- Too busy, Honey Pie? Awesome but too small.  Blues Egg?  yeah- right...I don't have that much time!My BFF noticed the Pancake House last time we were at Via Downer- and good thing she did.  We came in on Memorial Day with 6 people.  Seated almost immediately.  The server was prompt with water and coffee- Some have claimed the Coffee to be the best in MKE- I suppose not for me.  Not offensive, but nothing terribly impressive.  I gave up my cup and went for the ice tea.Shortly our breakfast arrived- and Ehrmagherd what a plate.  The bacon side was four pieces of thick cut, bacony goodness.  The Over medium eggs were perfectly over medium. PERFECTLY over medium.  And the pancakes and syrup.   Well, I mean how freaking good were the pancakes and syrup?  Pretty darn awesome- that's how freaking good they were.  I hate getting in a car to drive to breakfast, but this one?  Yeah, we'll be back again.  Soon.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,9/17/2014,280,856,10,9,8>THIS PLACE BLOWS! Glass that is. My wife and I visited Square One last fall during Small Business Saturday. We walked down W Vliet Street checking out each shop. We walked into Square One and they asked if I wanted to "blow my own ornament?". SURE!!!! You sign a waiver I believe and in ten minutes they let a complete stranger off the street handle molten glass. The owner/artists guided me through the process, things like "slower" "roll faster Mike" "blow now" - it was super fun. My wife picked the colors of the glass. We picked up the ornament a few weeks later. Nice people. Cool experience.** Unchain and Support Local Businesses (and Artists!) **
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,9/16/2014,5,62,1,6,4>This place is awesome! Old world charm to the max! There interior makes you feel like you went back in time to the 40's or 50's. Gotta make a reservation, the place is a little small.The food is amazing! Comfort food feel with the homemade old world past!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,9/15/2014,78,109,3,6,1>Update. New tacos are awesome. Lamb Barbacoa, octopus, cochinita pibil are the tacos you NEED to rder. Margaritas are the best in the city. Only bad is the wait times. Lately they've been a two hour wait. Boo
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,9/14/2014,29,35,1,6,5>You can't go wrong with Art bar.  They have drinks to fit any mood and a chill atmosphere with open space and games to fill the night. I love their support of local artists, changing the art on the walls constantly to support new people. Theres always something new to look at when you're there. I also love how they have things like coffee, tea, lattes, hot chocolate, hot cider etc if you're not in the mood to drink. Or if you want a drink and not sure what to get you can order a mystery beer, delivered in a paper bag of surprising goodness.The pool table is free to play, and darts and pinball cost quarters. plus tons of board games and trivia games to entertain. Overall a great experience on any night of the week, plus 2-4-1 tuesdays! Can't go wrong!
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,9/13/2014,24,131,1,7,8>The fact that I can fly out of Southwest, and mostly get direct flights makes me a very happy lady. It's a large airport, not the size of O'Hare by any means, but large enough to have lots of eatery options.It's pretty clean, all around, and especially the bathrooms, which is awesome. Getting through TSA is a breeze, usually pretty expedient. And the air fare is almost as equally priced as O'Hare. I always fly out of MKE for domestic adventures. :)
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,9/12/2014,28,118,5,6,8>There is only one thing to not love about Maria's, and that is no booze.  Not even a Miller Lite to be had in the whole joint.  Other than that, Maria's is a Milwaukee All-Star Classic.  The best part?  The waitress.  Who I estimate has been there approximately 99 years.  She can still rock a tight red dress, a toussled up-do, and three inch acrylic glittery sandal heels.  The second best part?  The pizza, admittedly.  It's a delicious thin crust, with ample and fresh toppings, and is ginormous.  The third best part?  The decor, of course.  Kitschy, Christmas-lighty, Jesusy.  Cash only, so plan accordingly.  But you can feed 3-4 people well, including some Black Bear soda, for under $30.  It's a MIlwaukee must-do.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2014,11/30/2014,40,76,,6,5>Big Head BreweryAnother cool micro brewery located in Wauwatosa. Great selection of beer. Plenty of seating. Family friendly. I enjoyed their Smash and the Red Ale light (only 2% alcohol but very flavorful). Great place for a group to meet, get a few pitchers or flights.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2014,11/29/2014,4,18,5,8,6>Until recently, I had spent 25 years on this earth without ever having tried pho. Now I am a total pho phreak, and have been making up for lost time by trying all the Milwaukee-area hot spots. A friend hosted her birthday dinner at Pho King last night, and I was excited to give it a shot. The atmosphere is a lot nicer than other pho places in the area, and the bubble tea/smoothie selection is impressive. The music is phoking hilarious--a lot of classical covers of old pop songs. The art on the wall is quirky and fitting. The menu seems to have something for everyone, and there are lots of pho options (I did not see a vegetarian option--but there were other veg-friendly alternatives on the menu). I got P2- the combo pho with no meatballs (not my thing), and it was phoking delicious! Plenty of green onions and cilantro, plus the  bean sprouts, basil, hot peppers and lime were all exceptionally fresh. There was almost twice as much meat as I'm used to getting at other pho places in the area, and plenty of noodles, too. I don't usually have a problem finishing a bowl in one sitting, but I had to take some home because it was it was so much more substantial than I have come to expect. For $8.95, I don't think you can beat it. Everyone in our party liked what they ordered, and the pho was up there with the best I've had, pho'real. But what really makes this place stand out to me is the service. Everyone was extremely kind and attentive. Our water glasses were filled promptly, and the staff was  happy to accommodate separate checks. The icing on the cake was when one of the staff members set up the sound system and got on a microphone to sing happy birthday to our friend. It was adorable and totally unexpected. I can only hope that sound system will someday be used for karaoke, because I would definitely make the drive to Stallis for Sunday Phonday. Give this place a shot. It's pho king great.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2014,11/28/2014,28,84,1,5,4>Turner Hall has never disappointed. I have seen some great shows here. They have a nice large open space that is perfect for general admission concerts. I have never been much of a fan of concerts in seated venues, and this is certainly not that. They have some tables around the perimeter and in the back, but is mostly standing space. They have 2 large bars in the main concert venue with a pretty decent selection of tap, caned and bottled beers as well as plenty of cocktails and a few wine selections. Their prices are a bit high, but common for a concert venue.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2014,11/27/2014,19,33,1,6,3>A welcome addition to the collection of small shops around town that specialize in selling goods produced by local makers.  Hometown Established is larger in size as compared to other stores in this niche.  It is nice to browse without feeling like the walls are closing in on you.  The space is inviting, goods are attractively displayed and the owner is warm and welcoming.  The owner informed me that 90% of the products are Wisconsin made.  Of those that are not specifically made in state, many makers are originally from Wisconsin.  The store features a nice mix of clothing, art, jewelry, cosmetics and home decor for sale.  Several of my favorite makers from local fairs/festivals including Milwaukee HANmade and Tactile Craftworks sell their wares here.  It's nice to know I can find their products at a retail store if I can't make it to the occasional markets where they vend.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2014,11/26/2014,22,40,2,6,4>Excellent walkers point foodies joint. They have a farm to table perspective and their food does not disappoint. In case you don't get the name, to braise, aka cook low and slow on the oven is how many of their dishes are prepared. I would recommend the typically more tough proteins here. I sampled their braised steak but missed a good sear on it. This place make a good place for date night. And a good change of pace from typical dining experiences.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2014,11/25/2014,30,246,3,4,4>This review is for the building as an events space, and their catering service.  I have not used the gym or stayed in the hotel rooms, though I was in one very briefly and it didn't smell bad to me.  [But it certainly had a certain dated elegance that may be an acquired taste.]I love this place!  The lobby is elegant and comfortable. The staff are friendly, courteous and helpful.  Gorgeous ballroom, very interesting spaces.  I love the 1948 wood carved fireplace in the lounge, and I wish I'd been able to play a round of billiards later in the night.  I am IN LOVE with the Elephant Room and I'm going to make it my mission to either rent it for a private party or at the VERY least go there for a drink, if I can finagle it, sometime this fall.  I also really love all the quirk of the older bathrooms - need to use the ladies' room?  Okay, just step right up this flight of stairs, please.  I am a lover of old buildings, though, so maybe it's not for everyone.  I love it though!Food was good, typical catered plated dinner type stuff but nothing bad and the staff were very prompt, courteous and friendly. Good liquor in their open bar offerings.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2014,11/24/2014,91,365,2,6,6>One of my favorite trucks, but higher calorie selections (especially the perfect hand cut fries), so I try to limit my exposure. I have had the burger, brisket grilled cheese and spicy black bean and love them all! This is also one of the more economical of the trucks because for $8, you get a large sandwich, fries and a drink (soda or water). Others are 7-8 and may include a drink or fries or chips, but not all 3. Many charge 7 for just the entree.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2014,11/23/2014,58,222,1,6,5>We had a gift certificate for Swig, and decided to use it for our first night out without the kiddo. That decision was a pretty smart one. We got drinks to start, and my whiskey sour (my current favorite go-to cocktail) was the best whiskey sour I've ever had. They make their own sour in-house, and their bartender was on their game! The menu is chock-full of fun mixed drinks and martinis that I'm sure will entice you to try one. As an appetizer, we had the Ahi tuna small plate. Delicate and fresh, it was a great way to start out. Next, we split the pear and pumpkin seed salad. My husband does not like kale. He'll eat it because he's an adult about trying new things, but I generally get the kale all to myself. Not this time. The salad is so well constructed, the flavors and textures make you forget you're eating something good for you. It was a great course to have along with the scallops entree and mushroom risotto. By the way, I love that they have share-able sides as an option with the entrees so if you're not sure if you'll be full, these can put you just at the right spot without making you buy another full meal.Our server was really knowledgeable and friendly - we even got in a discussion about the art she produces - and was a perfect fit for us. The atmosphere is cozy and trendy.I would LOVE to come back to Swig as part of another night on the town.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,11/22/2014,103,296,6,5,8>I will likely never order it again, but only because of the weight of both the guilt and calories from eating it: cheesy biscuit.  I could eat this at every visit, and I go far too often to make such a commitment.  I know my waistline would want a breakup after all of that abuse.  But, that is not to say that I want to deter other brave souls from tasting and appreciating the yumminess.  These are beautiful biscuits, buttery, soft and flaky.  Throw on scrambled egg and cheese and you have gooey goodness.  I personally have ordered mine with different beverages.  Because, no matter what combo or what time of day, a fluffy, cheesy, eggy biscuit is all you need.  I have had other food items, and I love the crusty scones and soft, pillowy gingersnaps, but there is something special about those biscuits.  I only think it could be improved by the addition of a fried chicken tender and a drizzling of honey.  Anyone else with me?
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2014,11/21/2014,155,81,4,5,7>What an awesome way to get a unique view of Milwaukee - on an uber cool bike!  Bublr Bikes are the most rad things to land in the city ever!I signed up for a membership amd got a nifty fob.  It works slick.  I swipe the fob and press a button so the bike unlocks.  Check it over, adjust the height of the seat with an easy-to-use clamp, and head out!  It's that simple.Bublr Bikes are extremely durable Trek bike that are easy to ride.  An automatic Shimano 3-speed shifter doesn't provide a huge amount of options but for the casual biker or commuter its quick to get comfortable with.  The ease of use frees the rider up to take in their surroundings which is amazing.  Lake Shore State Park and the Hank Aaron Trail are positively bucolic on a sunny Sunday morning.  Pure enjoyment.Also Bublr Bikes give a nice dose of exercise.  I walk everywhere so I feel reasonably fit.  An hour on the bike challenged that perception because my legs were jello and I kicked my metabolism into overdrive and had to go grab lunch pronto.Calorie burn aside, check out Bublr Bikes.  What a fun ride!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,8/2/2014,73,181,1,5,3>Don't go into Grasch looking for Aldi or Jewel prices.  This establishment is definitely on the higher end; however, like most everything else, you get what you pay for.  At Grasch, you'll find a full service butcher counter offering a wide variety of meats.  If you don't see what you're looking for, just ask (can even get fish heads from the seafood counter and chicken feet for your favorite stocks).  The butchers can almost usually accommodate your requests.  Steak wise, you can get your favorite cuts in both choice and prime grades.  Definitely be on the lookout for what's on special because they tend to have great deals.  Bakery is another area Grasch excels in.  Some of the goods are made in-house, but also offer a lot from the likes of Miller's, Breadsmith, and other good local producers.  On a recent visit, they even had some paczki.......something I highly regret not getting but my girlish figure won out this time.  I'll reiterate what the majority of the other Yelpers have raved about.  Grasch does have an excellent cheese selection.  They, along with Sendik's on Capitol and Brookfield, are the best grocery stores in deprived Brookfield for finding some of the state's finest cheeses.  They consistently carry a variety of ages of Hook's cheddar and always have my favorite gouda, Holland's Marieke, in stock.  For all you lazy people out there, Grasch does have one of the best rotisserie chickens I've had.  It's on the pricier end ($8 a whole), but I've never had an overcooked bird from this place.  A huge plus is that they'll even cut it for you!  The chicken tastes just as good leftover (tip - put it in the oven and brown the skin).  I've been patronizing Grasch since I was a teenager, and service has always been superb.  It's a family run business, and the place definitely has the feel!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2014,8/1/2014,27,15,5,6,6>I've eaten at Wolf Peach twice and both times have been amazing. The first was Valentine's Day with no reservation...genius, I know. We planned to just wait for an open spot at the bar and assumed it might be a while. Within 15 minutes we were seated at a table!! The server was absolutely wonderful and immediately won me over. We ordered a great bottle of wine and were immediately served a complimentary appetizer of a garbanzo bean bruschetta. The server did a great job describing the specials and some items on the menu. We ordered a wood fired pizza with brussels sprouts, red onion jam and a poached egg. They brought the pizza to the table, broke the egg and spread the egg over the pizza as a sort of sauce. It was AMAZING. It was probably the best pizza I've ever had. I still have dreams about this pizza! I highly recommend it. They finished the evening with a complimentary dessert. Overall the ambiance was lovely, the food was incredible and the server was wonderful. Definitely on the top of my list of favorite restaurants!I went back today for brunch and wasn't disappointed. I don't know why I waited so long to go back! I was lucky enough to have the same server. He was just as good as he was for dinner. I started with a mimosa and it was SO good! I'm assuming the orange juice is fresh squeezed, but I didn't verify that. I ordered their benedict special I'll Have What She's Having. Today's special benedict had the typical english muffin, poached egg and hollandaise, as well as, apple, pear and maple syrup. It was a great combination of sweet and savory. I was seated in their downstairs outdoor garden area, which was great since it was a beautiful day! I love that they have a garden growing by the tables. I assume that they will use the fruits and vegetables in their meals, which I love. Just one more reason to love Wolf Peach. If you aren't already on your way, I suggest you head over ASAP!!!
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,7/31/2014,23,49,3,16,10>Fab-U-lous!  If I could sing from the rooftops...What a perfect way to spend a cold, snowy Saturday afternoon.  Great Lakes was bustling, so be sure to get here EARLY!  Either way, you walk in and there is a pretty big bar that offers a number of creative cocktails.  Popcorn is free and I suggest you eat up before the tour.  Otherwise, there are some additional menu items like a cheese plate to snack on too.The tour was interesting as well, it's not obnoxiously long and it can be pretty funny.  Obviously the best part is the plethora of tastings you are given.  This is no joke, so prepare yourself.  You go through 7 shots - rum, whiskey, vodka, absinthe and a few others.  I cannot wait to spend a hot summer's day on their huge patio.  Trust me, this is an awesome Milwaukee establishment.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,7/30/2014,38,61,1,5,3>So I'm just a Kopps fan... period. I've tried some of "Milwaukee's best burgers" in the last year, and there were some good burgers. But I just love the burgers at Kopps. The same goes for the custard. To me, Leons and Kopps are about the same. Kopps has some great flavors of the day though.... some of my favorites are Tiramisu and Cookies n Cream. Those two are regulars... every 10 days if you pay attention!
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2014,7/29/2014,69,156,2,9,6>My husband & went to Goodkind yesterday just to check it out because we live in Bay View & I've been reading about it for a while.We arrived around 5:30/6:00 and it wasn't super busy yet. We sat at the bar but it was a couple minutes before we were provided beverages but that's fine (I'm not too worried because I just has water).Everything on the menu looked super good that I couldn't decide what I want. I finally decided on the Spicy Dungeness Crab Bucatini with San Marzano Tomato, Ghost Pepperoni, Rapini and Basil Oil - it was fantastic! Everything in the dish just worked well together and the pepperoni added that little spicy kick to it. I would definitely order it again.My husband ordered the calamari and he said he really enjoyed it. There were some deep fried lemon in the dish, which he had never had before but he said it was fantastic.For dessert, we ordered the stout chocolate cake (it had some kind of mousse on it but I can't remember)....and it was so delicious. I could eat it a couple times a week and I'm not a bit dessert/chocolate fan to begin with.I would definitely go back and try something else on the menu
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,7/28/2014,155,417,6,11,8>Adorable, family-owned joint with fantastic tortillas and chips. Buy them fresh and warm and you will not be disappointed. Soon their stuff will hit stores, but right now you can enjoy them at local restaurants like both Bel Air locations, La Fuente, and more. They make a white corn tortilla, which is really the best. They seem like a cross between flour and corn, which I love. Corn always seems to fall apart and flour, while I like the taste, can sometimes be gummy. These tortillas are Baby Bear just right and I'll make the trip down here for them.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,7/27/2014,140,249,5,10,10>You almost forget you are in Milwaukee when sitting on the patio, which overlooks the Kinnickinnic River, at Barnacle Bud's. It seriously feels like a place you would find in Florida.We got lucky and actually found this place (it is a challenge if you aren't on a boat cruising up the river), and there were many open tables on a Saturday afternoon. It was an overcast day but it was still very nice to be sitting outside, watching the boats go by, and enjoying a delicious cocktail and yummy food.Our waiter was great and answered all our questions regarding the drink and food options. Definitely ask what the specialty cocktails are because they are superb!  I had the Pirate Punch, which was a spin on the classic rum punch, and my fiancée had some sort of fruity concoction with pear vodka, and we also split a dark &stormy (a A+ worthy drink!). All the beverages are served in mason jars, which is always fun.For food, I had the shrimp po boy and my fiancée had the grouper po boy. I never had a po boy before and wasn't sure what to expect but I LOVED it!!!! The shrimp were large, perfectly grilled, and the sandwich was all around outstanding. The "spicy" mayo, which is served on the side, had incredible flavor and wasn't very spicy - I much prefer flavor spice to hot spice. You also get a side of jalapenos (I'll pass, thanks) and a side of your choice. I had fries because French fries are one of my guilty pleasures.The grouper po boy was equally as awesome. The fish was grilled and a very large piece, much larger than the bun. And it was **so good**, I know what I am ordering the next time I come here! They also offer a grouper fish fry - I need to try that as well.I highly recommend Barnacle Bud's if you are looking for summertime fun. The people that were pulling up their boats and getting lunch looked like they were having a blast. Great patio, excellent service, incredible food and drinks. I will for sure be coming back!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,7/26/2014,141,343,7,11,8>Custard....burgers (lots o' varieties)...the lake...there's only one thing that would make this picture better -- cheese fries!  Luckily, they have cheese fries AND cheese tater tots. (The tracks also makes a mean basket of cheese tater tots but I'll save that for another review.)Northpoint is a well run little seasonal custard/burger fast food stand right on the lake next to Bradford beach. Our own little Shake Shack on the water. In addition to custard, burgers, and the evil, irresistible cheese fry, you can also get your shake fix here, (or if you prefer, add that nasty yeast-y powder to it and call it a malt--no judgment, of course!)  Speaking of things to pass judgement on, I wanted a dish of vanilla custard with two toppings -- strawberry and coconut. That somehow translated into a giant little sundae with whipped cream and a cherry. It was good but a lot of ice cream in one sitting. I also got a grilled cheese that as I hoped, folded up into a neat little package I could shove in my purse. (It was still delicious later on.)  You can pick up a plastic glass of water at the pickup window if you want to-- just ask, they are lined up waiting to goWe came on opening day in spring.  The line may look long but it moved really quickly, and despite the fact that the tables looked full we managed to snag two.Oh, sure its hard to run by here and smell the burgers and keep going. But once in a while its ok to stop.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,7/25/2014,83,182,2,4,5>What part of self serve wine dispensers doesn't sound amazing? Exactly. They also serve lovely cheese/meat plates. Combine that with lots if comfy spaces to sit and chat with your friends. Match made in girls night out heaven.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,7/24/2014,73,141,1,5,4>Found this place thanks to Yelp and some reviews from my yelp friends.  I ordered Pho to-go.  It was great.  lots of side items to add into it, which is always fun. Looking through the menu and some of the other reviews, i'm looking forward to going back.After a few more visits, i'd like to call this a hidden gem.  It is somewhat unassuming of a place, and i don't often find myself in this neighborhood.  While i was waiting for my carry-out, the restaurant just kept on filling up with more and more people.  Hidden to me, found to others.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,11/13/2012,47,107,4,4,4>I've only had Jing's (take out) once so far, and it was...pretty good.I tried the fried rice, the beef and broccoli, the dumplings, and the chicken.  Everything was good, but not AMAZING. The beef and broccoli was especially delicious, easily my favorite part of the meal, but it was a little heavy on the broccoli. I must have forgotten to tell them that I'm a man, I want 99% beef with like...broccoli residue. I'm not going to hold Jing's responsible, mistakes get made. The chicken was just a LITTLE too dry for my taste. I do hold Jing's responsible for this because, while my views on beef may be unique to me, I think everybody would prefer their chicken to be juicy and delicious. The fried rice is just filler, it will not blow your mind. I don't think this will surprise anyone being that fried rice is...just fried rice. If you find fried rice that is to die for stop reading this and tell me where it is immediately, you are being selfish and frankly kind of a mooch.I've never been to the actually restaurant so I can't comment much on that. Have a great day.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,11/12/2012,92,265,5,5,3>Friends, enemies, fellow Milwaukeeans...lend me your (chicken) wings! Fly with me to a place of deep fried chicken goodness! I give you Champion Chicken, a harkening back to the days of the 50's and 60's when life was simpler, when fried chicken was good for you and the threat of rising triglycerides and cholesterol was minimal... Wait. I can't actually speak to those things -- 1) I wasn't alive. 2) I'm fairly certain fried chicken has never been good (healthy) for you......But my goodness it is TASTY. Champion does it right with their 4 piece dinner -- juicy, crispy portions accompanied by crinkle-cut fries, coleslaw, and a small serving of custard to boot. Add a Stewart's soda or a ginger ale and you're sitting in chicken heaven, friends. I'm not a huge fan of slaw-based sides, but this was just the right amount and provided a fresh "bite" other than my teeth sinking into my formerly feathered fowl friend. The custard was a delicious sweet complement to the saltiness of the bird and potato combo; in other words, a perfect end to a fast and delicious meal.I enjoy the history of this place, especially the snapshots detailing the growth of the area (and Milwaukee) over the years. A sampling of old menus (when a chicken dinner was $1.89; holy hot wings!) is a nice touch as well. Though this wouldn't be a weekly haunt by any means (my doctor would have a fit), Champion will be my go-to on the quarterly/bi-annual basis when my chicken craving kicks in. Well done, purveyors of the deep fried life (and chicken vans). Well done.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,11/11/2012,26,85,4,8,5>My guilty pleasure... But no need for guilt really since all the frozen yogurt flavors seem to be low fat or fat free! This cute little joint not only boasts various flavors of the creamy main entree but so many many toppings. From cereals to fresh fruits to syrups and my personal favorite, strawberry and mango boba! What!! You pick and add all the toppings yourself, and pay by the ounce at the end.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,11/10/2012,124,96,2,3,5>epicenter of hot man central...i love, love, love, love this place. swanky not stuffy. spectacular craft cocktails with a super retro flair. word on the street is that there will be old fashioned punch bowls appearing sometime soon. YAY!this is my new favorite hang out. seriously.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,11/9/2012,64,215,4,4,2>There were lots of babies here (?) which is weird for a drinking establishment, but I guess it is a park. You can bike the Oak Leaf Trail if you're coming from downtown! The servers were fun! Hofbrau beer! Bring your own food! Play with dogs! Use the clean bathrooms!
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,11/8/2012,39,87,8,11,8>I have been going here for as long as I can remember.  I used to go with Grandma so she could get her soup chicken and noodles.  They also carry frozen pierogi.  It's not as good as homemade but will certainly do in a pinch.  Their birds are farm fresh and you can tell the difference.  The better tasting chicken makes the trip here worth it.  I have come here for my Thanksgiving turkey the last few years and thought it was way better than grocery store turkey.  They also have a nice selection of wing and BBQ sauce which is unexpected in such a small place.  The service has always been patient and helpful.  They will happily chop up your soup chicken for you.  I love that because I will end up in the ER if I ever try that.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,11/7/2012,100,354,3,7,4>Delicious food, always fresh. Lots of local sourcing of food. They grow some of their own veggies in a garden out back. Owner and chef Andy Tenaglia (who also teaches at MATC) is willing to modify dishes to accommodate food allergies - be sure to call ahead so they have time to prepare. The menu rotates.I had an incredibly delicious (and spicy) lentil curry here once that made my list of the best things I've ever eaten. The flourless chocolate cake is incredible. Go for it. Seriously. If you are too full after your meal, convince a table mate to share it with you.On my most recent visit, a mother's day brunch with 11 family members, I recall these items from the menu: rabbit, a flank steak, lamb, golden tile fish, halibut. As a vegetarian (ask) the options were a lentil curry, pasta primavera, and something else I cannot remember. This time, I had the pasta. It was tasty, albeit spicy.Definitely make a reservation. Very nice environment, classy, with a relaxed eating pace. They do have kids options, but I wouldn't suggest it as a kids place because of the intimate environment. The inside looks like it used to be a living space. Really cute and very clean. Great for a special occasion or anniversary. This is not a place to go for a quick dinner, it is definitely a fine dining experience but with way better service, food, and prices than the fancy places downtown.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,11/6/2012,190,322,3,9,6>I stopped in for my first visit during the 10 Days in Tosa event. I wasn't impressed with the featured menu (a burger was the entree) for 10 Days, and frankly not that impressed with the menu options in general. It all seemed to "safe." I was expecting at least a little "razzle dazzle." HOWEVER, once the server mentioned the special for the day, I knew there was a reason for me to stay (yes, I actually thought about leaving). The server told me the special was short ribs braised in Breckenridge Vanilla Porter. I stopped listening after that because I was already excited to try a meat that I love cooked with a beer that I love. So, ofcourse I asked her to repeat everything she just said (seriously, I stopped listening). She listed grilled shrimp, goat cheese mashed potatoes and asparagus spears. Before I jumped on that order, I asked for the price. I usually get burned on these "specials." I expected $25 - $30. It was $14.00. Fourteen flippin' dollars? That's it? Yes, I'll have THAT!This is the "razzle dazzle" I was looking for Yelpers. The short ribs were moist, very tender and very delicious. The grilled shrimp had an odd odor, but tasted great (and I didn't get sick afterward, so no harm from the odor). The goat cheese mashed potatoes had a creamy texture and great flavor. This dish should have been the feature for 10 Days in Tosa. I don't think Cafe Perrin understood the purpose of such an event. The idea is to showcase your chef's skills, while providing value to the diner, so they want to come back. Anyone can make a good burger, but not anyone can make a dish like the one I enjoyed that night. I definitely will return, perhaps soon to try the fish fry that was described with all the key words I look for (seasoned breading and homemade potato pancakes).After just one visit, I am a fan. I hope Cafe Perrin will keep me as a fan. The chef seems to have the skills to do so.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,11/5/2012,135,158,2,4,2>I went with a friend here and we each had a piercing done.  When we first walked in we were both really nervous. We felt a little intimidated, but there was no specific reason for it.  Immediately when we came in it was a very relaxed environment.  You can see right away that they offer a lot of different piercing jewelry, along with different products for cleaning and preventing infections.  When we sat down the employee who helped us was really knowledgeable and she explained exactly what was going to happen.  She could tell we were nervous and instantly calmed our fears.  I know it was just a piercing but it's a hole in your body! When we sat down the seats were really comfortable.  With each thing she did it was explained.  From the different materials she was using and throughout the hole process she told us when she was going to pierce etc.  It was quick and painless.  When we were done she explained the different products for us, told us what to you and what not to use.  We ended up both buying a different product for our piercings.  I bought a liquid type and my friend bought a lotion type to prevent infection.  They both were great.  We were also provided with material on what to do and not to do.  Along with tips and contact information in-case something happened..nothing did!  Everything was priced correctly, and wasn't expensive.  I ended up going back 4 months later and had the same lady switch the jewelry out.  Overall great experience- I would recommend it to anyone!
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,11/4/2012,30,246,2,2,3>I finally get to review this place!!  It has been on my list for so long.I came here as part of my bachelorette party progression.  Freakin' awesome!  We played a round of bowling and failed fantastically at hand-scoring our games.  We drank a beer or two.  We marveled at the taxidermy and soaked up the folksy welcome we received from the very drunk older gentlemen at the bar, two of the maybe 10 other patrons there.It was perfect! It wasn't pretentious, and the service was super laid back.  We were an hour late for our reservation to bowl, and they were completely chill about it.  The pin setter guys are great.  If you're lucky, they might throw you a "strike" when you roll a 9.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,4/5/2013,0,253,4,4,5>Does it get better than a bar that features Vern and the Originals on a regular basis?Any time I have been in I have been greeted, by the owner Andy, with a smile.  If you ask he will let you pick out the horror movie of the night to play on the tv behind the bar. You will know your business is appreciated from the minute you walk through the door. Vern will probably let you join in on a couple of the polka's if you are so inclined.  If you have ever debated stopping in...Do it!  You will walk away with an experience you won't regret.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,4/4/2013,14,75,2,12,5>Ladies and Gentleman. If you have been looking for good sushi, but live on a budget and can't do $40 nights at Izumi's everyday, then you may have found heaven here at Fushimis.I am going to say this right now, their sushi is on par or even better than any other sushi place in town. Did I mention it is also all you can eat? And only $13 for lunch?!Unlike other sushi buffets, Fushimi's is made to order, all you can eat. So you just ask your server for more rolls when you're done. So of course, being a sushi lover, I went down the whole menu, sampling all types of nigiri rolls.My favorites: Yellowtail, White Tuna, and by far my most favorite the Red Snapper. Literally, each roll doused with the appropriate amounts of wasabi is like being in sushi heaven.The traditional rolls were also very solid (with yellowtail being my favorite).This place does NOT skimp out, even if its all you can eat.The only side note is that the food on the regular buffet was a bit dry, but you should only pick out a few items for appetizer anyways till you get your sushi.Service was solid, and the staff is very friendly. I would give this 6 stars if I could. I still cant believe its all you can eat. Let's just hope they keep it up!
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2012,4/3/2013,42,96,5,9,7>I can't recommend this restraunt any more highly. My husband and i have been regulars over the last two years and it is our favorite restaurant in all of Milwaukee. We've yet to have a negative experience regarding any aspect of our time here in the dozens of times we've gone. Some dishes are pricey, but honestly worth it. However my usual is the affordable (under $10) huevos con chorizo which is mouth watering and part of their all day breakfast menu. My husband's "usual" is always the burritos. Again, we do switch it up and alternate new dishes and specials as well to have a good "flavor" for the restaurant.Waiters and waitresses have always been polite, timely, and in most cases personable.Margaritas are also among the best I've had anywhere. Subtle alcohol flavor, pleasantly salted, and comes in a variety of flavors. The best is still the regular. Two glasses is just right for you to be amazed at the focus it takes to stand up and walk to the door when you leave. I know not all people do, but i do enjoy the decor.I have to also say that we've never waited more than 20 min. Even on busy Friday nights. There is usually so much seating in the place, they can seat you quickly if not immediately.We agree that El Beso is... How you say? Ah, yes! THE BEST! We love it and come back again and again!
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,4/2/2013,91,365,,6,5>Things I love about the Y! 1) It is convenient! I go downtown, but there are a number of locations and your membership includes them all! 2) It is friendly! On my first visit to check the place out, someone noticed I was new and welcomed me (and this was NOT a staff member!) 3) I can pay extra to store my clothes in my locker and they even wash my clothes for me! 4) FitLinx - certain cardio and weight machines are connected to a computer that recognizes me through an ID Code. I don't have to remember my seat adjustment or last weight settings and it nudges me to increase weight when I am ready! 5) A really wide variety of classes at many different times to fit everyone's schedule and finally 6) the downtown facilities (the only one I've been to) are really nice and very clean!
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2012,3/31/2013,26,423,,6,4>This place is dangerous...  so many artisan breads and pastries to choose from!  By far the best French macaroons in the city!  Moist inside with the nice meringue crunch on the outside with smooth filling...  I had lemon, raspberry and passion fruit and all were incredible.The gouda cheese bread was really great but a little too brown on the bottom.  Also our croissants were a little overdone and dry (I had the regular and my husband had bacon and we both thought it was dry and have had better).  Maybe if they were warm and fresh they would have been better?  I mean they are good, just not wonderful like everything else we had.Friends had foccia and pastry and loved it.  Staff is super friendly and helpful in giving advice when you are trying to make the tough decision of what to eat.Props for complimentary fruited pineapple water and the dog bowl they kept fresh outside.  Love the modern decor, I could just move in here!
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,3/30/2013,62,141,2,3,2>Many thumbs up for the the salad/sandwich/juice choices here.  There's something that makes me feel really good about drinking a shot of wheat grass, and no I'm not trying to be trendy.  Green Kitchen has a few salads that you can choose from (or make your own); same with sandwiches.  The regular salad is a decent size for $7.95.  I like to make my own or the buffalo chicken one is great too.  The sandwiches that are served on the ciabatta, however, are enormous (def shareable).  The juice bar is pretty rocking as well.  I like the cold killer (oj, ginger, honey, wheat grass, and lime/apple maybe?)My only complaint would be no avocado option at the salad bar (I believe they have it on some sandwiches so what gives?) as well as how you order here.  The salad order line is way at the other end from the sandwich order line with the juice order line right in the middle.  It's confusing when it gets crowded.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,3/29/2013,39,87,3,9,4>I have been wanting to come here for a while. Then of course I got a Groupon for it, which increased the urgency. Great location for a meal before any Bradley Center event...or whatever they call that place now.  The bar is tastefully decorated with sports memorabilia.  They have a fantastic beer list. It took me a while to decide what to get.  We ordered the Caribbean jerk wings based on our server's recommendation.  They were great.   I ordered a cheeseburger with Nueske's bacon and Mom got filet medallions.  The burger was great.  Mom's filet was presented on the plate so well I almost forgot we were in a bar and not a fancy restaurant.  Prices are high but this is downtown!  It's worth every penny though and I will definitely stop here before MU and Bucks games.  Service was very attentive. I  think everyone who was working stopped by to check on us.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,3/28/2013,48,152,,5,2>I have been to Maxie's 3 times now. I will go again.Atmosphere: 2 floors of casual dining and a bar on each floor - packed in. Which also means it is Loud! We usually have to wait and this last weekend was 1.5 hours for an early dinner (not sure if homecoming was part of the reason). Second floor has a sitting area, which was packed. The servers were, for the most part, dealing very well with the number of people standing and blocking their path. Only one hostess missed the mark when, while waiting in the packed seating area, I asked if she had a menu, her response was "noooo, not on me" and walked away. The correct response would be "let me get one for you".tip- don't sit near the door in winter, constant blasts of cold air as people came in. A curtain or partition between hostess station and the tables would help with that.Service: Usually pretty good, nothing over the top from the waiters however they are moving nonstop. The manager is often walking the floor and checking in with dinners. The last visit, she heard I was bummed some of my brisket was burned and dry so she came over apologized and sent me home with some extra, fresh brisket.Drinks: I am not much of a drinker but I do like hard liquor over beer. This is a place I like to try mixed drinks. They are interesting and quite tasty!Food: Portions are large. I have not had southern cookin' from the source so I can not offer any verification of authenticity. I can say, I like what I have had. They know how to make arugula shine. I have had the brisket, breaded pork chops, biscuits and gravy and friend green tomatoes (it is all about the breading).  Aside from the brisket issue, the flavors have been rich and nicely mixed. The grits are possibly addicting and the cornbread not too sweet and not too dry.Overall, worth....a shorter wait. Very filling.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,3/27/2013,14,122,2,3,4>Two bucks is a godsend on the east side were you are overcharged for food and drinks.I stopped in on a weekend during a badgers game. Upon entering it was smaller then what i expected? It also reminded me of Mo's Irish Pub as far as the decor goes. You have to give 2 bucks point for having a Breathalyzer machine in the lobby area. I thought to myself who would equip this in their establishment.......... perhaps, a sign to come?........ 2 dollar drinks, you'll buy enough until your a little saucy on east north ave!The food was good and it was actually true to the price. No gimmick like buy 3 get the 4th.... or 2 bucks only from 6am to.....Nope the prices are true to the menu at any time of the day or not. I ordered a gang of apps to test them out, why not they were in between 2 to 7 bucks.The fries, chicken, onion rings, and cheese curds are what i ordered. They were all delectable. I'm not a fan of beer batter on every thing, i would have like my food to be breaded or floured. This was my only gripe. Besides this the food was on the spot.I don't drink beer....sorry so no review on that but i do drink Jack and Red Bull and a tall glass was guess what.... it was 5 bucks. It would be 10 bucks easily some were else. I ended the night with 2 dollar tequila shots......yes 2 bucks!Stop in at 2 bucks, take some friends and splurge...not really but I'm sure you can buy a lot of things seeing that the fare is not that expensive!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2012,3/26/2013,10,26,2,4,3>All of the other reviews are spot on... this place draws an eclectic crowd, has a cool vibe, and is a fun place to hang out.  For full disclosure - we were here around 8pm on a Saturday night, waiting for our table at The Noble.We had the option of "going next door for a beer," and are glad that we did!  I would definitely return, and probably play pool here.Good beer selectionWacky but awesome decorPleasing to both guys/girls in the groupWould definitely come back
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,10/11/2014,141,343,13,14,14>1 star ... crazy looking egg2 star ... beasties boys playing3 star ... Can of pbr included with ramen 4 star ... nori5 star ... notorious b.i.g. playing Noodles! Get there at 11:30 pm
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,10/10/2014,40,58,4,7,7>I'm really into Cream City Swirl.Good selection of yogurt flavors! I'm boring and I always go for plain old tart. But the cheesecake and cookies 'n cream were delicious. One of the machines had gelato; all of the machines had a swirl option to combine two flavors.Toppings were solid! Could use a few more fruit options (raspberries, kiwis?), but otherwise all the necessities are there, plus chocolate/caramel/marshmallow sauces.The inside is cute, the girl who rang us up was friendly and she let me pay when my boyfriend tried to intercept the bill. So, double points for that.Really, I'm just elated to have froyo a stone's throw from my apartment. I can't speak to the crepes, and I'd say I'd come back to try them, but I'm a fiendish froyo fanatic. So keep your crepes. This place is a winner for yogurt, and it appeals to my vaguely crunchy granola sensibilities/preference for a ~local~ spot rather than an Orange Leaf or a Pinkberry.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,10/9/2014,91,37,9,7,8>Guys. Do a scorpion shot. I'm serious. You have to. Do you want to be a badass for ever? Do you want to be able to tell people in a casual manner "Yeah, I did a shot with a whole scorpion in it, so?" Do you want to laugh in the face of all other shots for the rest of your days? I thought so. Now go get yourself a scorpion shot at Bad Genie, then go dance and stuff.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,10/8/2014,30,100,15,7,3>All you can eat sushi! BAM!Dear Yamato sushi house,I understand completely if you never want to see my face or my family again as I think we depleted your supply of fish for the week. But I hate break it to you: I will be back. I mean, come on. You guys put on the greatest all you can eat menu I have seen. When you give me the ability to order countless amounts of appetizers, tempura, hibachi grill, sushi, sashimi, maki rolls, chocolate fried bananas, and ice cream for only $20...well, I'm gonna order by the truck load. I know you didn't think it was possible that a person with my frame could put that mountain of food away. Well, you thought wrong. But I just wanted to apologize for having an unbelievable time stuffing my face and eating your whole kitchen of food. I'll be back once I've digested it all and look forward to it. Sincerely,DanP.s. I know you brought that hibachi out last and made the chicken dry on purpose because you didn't think I could finish it. But bam! Gone! No $0.25 charge per un-eaten item for this boy!
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2014,10/7/2014,85,224,4,7,6>Juneau Park is 15.8 acres at the end of Juneau Avenue, or at the end of State Street, or the end of Kilbourn Avenue, or at the end of Wells Street, or at the end of Mason Street depending on which road you're using to head east until it ends at Prospect. Juneau Park is sandwiched between Prospect and Lincoln Memorial Drive, with part of it on top of the bluff and part of it below. The Oak Leaf Trail passes through Juneau Park along the old right-of-way of the Chicago & Northwestern Railway.On the upper level of the park, along Prospect Avenue, you'll find a kind of a shrine to Solomon Juneau, one of the three founders of Milwaukee. Juneau came here in 1822 as part of a Canadian fur trading mission and opened a trading post. He recognized the potential of the area and bought all the land between the Milwaukee River and Lake Michigan.In his namesake park, on the north end, you'll find a reproduction of Juneau's log home. Is it at the actual location of Juneau's home? No (there's a sky scraper there)  but it is at the end of Juneau Avenue, here in Juneau Park. Further down is a statue of Solomon Juneau. Next to the log home? No, that's a statue of Leif the Discoverer. We'll come back to Leif, another block south of Leif is where you'll find the Juneau Monument.The statue of Solomon Juneau was created by Richard Henry Park, a well-known sculptor who was active in New York and Florence, Italy. (Park also created the statue of General George Washington in the Court of Honor on Wisconsin Avenue.) The bronze statue is 15' tall and is mounted on top of a limestone base. Juneau is looking west, and beneath him, his name is emblazoned in raised letters. On the back of the base is an inscription that reads: "The gift of Charles T. Bradley, and William H. Metcalf to the City of Milwaukee." Bradley and Metcalf were successful shoe manufacturers.On the north side of the base is a bronze bas-relief sculpture of Juneau with Native Americans. An inscription reads, "Solomon Juneau, First Mayor of Milwaukee, MDCCCXXXXVI." On the south side of the base is a bronze bas-relief sculpture of Juneau in Congress. It also bears the inscription, "Solomon Juneau, First Mayor of Milwaukee, MDCCCXXXXVI."About a block north, at the foot of State Street, is a statue entitled, "Leif, the Discoverer" that is a bronze sculpture of Leif Ericson. It is a second edition of a statue created by American sculptor Anne Whitney in 1887. The original is on display in Boston on Commonwealth Avenue. The replica was commissioned by Mrs. Joseph Gilbert and, at her request, was unveiled without fanfare. Leif is approximately 8 feet tall, he is bronze, his pedestal is red sandstone. He is young and clean-shaven, wearing mail, breast plates, a studded belt, a tunic and leggings with leather sandals. He carries a powder horn over his shoulder and a knife in a decorative sheath at his side. On the base is an inscription that reads, "Leif, the discoverer, Son of Erik, Who sailed from Iceland and landed on this continent, A.D. 1000." On the back of the pedestal, in runic letters, it reads, "Leif, Son of Erik the Red." The park is long and narrow and besides the historic structures, there is also a small building that has public restrooms and a bubbler ("water fountain" in the rest of the world) on the east side of the building. If Monsieur Juneau were able to turn around, he would be afforded a beautiful view of the War Memorial, the harbor and Veteran's Park. Juneau Park is a great green spot in an urban setting, and it allows pleasant recreational opportunities and views of the lake for residents of East Town.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,10/6/2014,78,57,9,11,8>After hearing about this place for a long time... This is going to be one of my new regular spots. Great drinks, varied menu, decent prices, and great service. I came for the all you can shame eat mussels (tuesdays, $8!) and was pleasantly surprised to see that not only were they served in decent half pound portions, but they were offered in two different varieties, including a Thai coconut curry... which was so flavorful, I swear to god Gordan Ramsey came down in a chorus of angelic light and punched Guy Fieri right in the throat and this flavor came out.-Pro tip- Dunk your bread in it. It's there in that basket for a reason.I'll definitely be heading back here to try some of the other fare, as the Curry Fries smelled  AMAZING.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,10/5/2014,250,199,5,12,9>Rarely am I at a loss for words.But this dinner was so fabulous that it's taken me some time to articulate just how fantastic it was. I just wanted to revel in the spectacular tastes for a while without words getting the in way.  But all people need to know about this place, so:Let's start with ambiance.   This pop-up restaurant  has thankfully found a beautiful home at the amazing National on Saturday nights.  The National is a quaint and comfortable spot that serves delicious breakfasts and lunches, and has welcomed Chef Leon and his staff for their weekly dinners.And Amilinda's staff passes that welcoming vibe to their dinners.  Immediately you will feel as though you've been invited to the home of good friends.  Friends that will host you and feed you the most spectacular food created with so much passion you can taste it in every single bite.A glass of Lago Vinho Verde set a terrific tone for the meal;  and I chose the Shrimp & Greens dish as a starter.  The plump and tender shrimp were perfectly cooked and finished with an incredible and light citrus taste.  The greens were luscious and vibrant, and bathed in hand crafted bacon jam and homemade ham hock sauce. The pork flavors played together nicely to create a dance of a sweet warmth and smoky depth on the palate.The entree decision was very challenging.  The Chicken & Cornbread, Pepper Stew and Wilted Greens sounded amazing, even though I rarely order chicken in a restaurant (leave it to Chef Leon to peak my interest though).  Pan Seared Rushing Waters Trout with Succotash and Pea Shoots was the other contender.All things Rushing Waters that I've had have been amazing, so I selected the Trout.  And it was divine.   Perfectly seasoned, seared and topped with a fresh garden vegetable succotash that radiated sunshine.  And the pea shoot garnish was fantastic as well, and earned bonus points for being grown in the Chef's own garden.Dessert was simple and elegant.  A fresh Strawberry Rhubarb Crisp was topped with sweet whipped cream and tasted marvelous.   And a taste of the Chocolate Pudding Cake with Purple Door Salted Caramel was equally remarkable.  Both desserts were reminiscent of my late Grandmother's home cooking, and it just doesn't get any better than that.Amazing experience - check.  Reference to Grandmother's cooking - check.  Superlative-laden review - check. Fabulous memories - check.Plan return trip in very near future - in progress.Get started on your checklist and make a reservation now!
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,10/4/2014,190,322,5,11,10>Took another La Merenda virgin in last night. I'm always surprised to find one but also excited to be the one to break - well to introduce them.Last night started with Ceviche, bay scallops marinated in citrus juices, seasonal citrus, avocado, pickled red jalapenos, and a lemon vinaigrette, served with plantain chips. The plantain chips were actually tostones, very good tostones, similar to the tostones my mother makes. If you order this, beware that this dish carries some heat. The red jalapenos must have sat in the citrus juices because the heat snuck up on me. It was good, but unexpected.Next up was a delicious plate of marinated pork loin served over zucchini, yellow squash, smoked corn, all sitting in a savory butter sauce and garnished with a smoked corn vinaigrette. All of these ingredients were locally sourced. CRAZY GOOD! The third dish we ordered was one of the nightly specials, Sablefish, also known as Black Cod. Served in a thick, flavorful sauce integrated with quinoa. The fish was tender and delicious.The fourth dish we ordered was the Argentinian Beef. Two cuts of organic and grass fed beef marinated in chimichurri and grilled, then served over sweet mashed plantains with pieces of walnut. We capped off with a caramel flan topped with chocolate mousse and Tres Leches cake.Besides having delicious food, the beautiful night allowed us to enjoy our dinner on La Merenda's amazing patio. If you haven't experienced their patio, do it soon. If you haven't experienced La Merenda, do it now!
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2014,10/3/2014,54,340,4,5,5>Came to Bel Air on a Thursday during their $2 taco night.  We went late about 8:30 and the place was still packed and we had to wait.  Not bad though, only about 10 minutes but I had heard any earlier and you better be prepared to wait a while.Got seated out on the patio, very nice, cozy and relaxing.  We were approached right away by our waiter who was super friendly and helpful.I tried three different tacos and the deal is if you order three, you get beans and rice for free so why not!  Got a chicken, beef and my third was a black bean and corn, oh YUM!  My new favorite.Food overall seemed to be very good quality, not heat and serve prepacked meat feeling.  Margaritas were ok, I've had better elsewhere.  Was going to do the $2 mystery tequila shot but no real mystery there, $2 for a cheap house tequila, no thanks.  I really like the ambiance the best and paired with the black bean and corn taco, I will be back my friend.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,10/2/2014,124,391,3,6,6>For a quick bite to eat stop on in here. The food has always been killer for various sandwiches or wraps but they really set themselves aside with their sides (see what I did there...). They make their own potato chips that are awesome with their creamy and chunky blue cheese. Another side that is a must have is the Asian side slaw that is one of the best sides I've had. There is a side parking lot or plenty of street parking. The place gets packed and doesn't make reservations so you will have to get there early or sit at the bar while you wait. This space used to be an old library with high ceilings and really cool features.  The space exudes Bayview.  So far, I haven't had anything that I don't like there. I'm a little disappointed in their beer selection not being the best for on-tap or in the bottle but they do have major competition in that field down Lincoln. The service can be hit or miss depending on how busy they are if they are attentive or not to your table. This is a must-try if you are rolling through bayview - heck, make a special trip just for those sides!
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,3/25/2014,100,354,2,11,6>$7, about an hour tour, and 6oz pours of beer. When we first came in, I asked if they had any DD pricing. I was told no, rather rudely. Not an "I'm sorry, we don't...but with the price you can get 2 large root beers and the souvinier glass". I think this is a HUGE mistake local breweries are making, not making designated drivers feel appreciated. In fact, it kind of ticks me off (can't you tell?) paying the same price but not having any beer. I'm not even saying make it free, I'm just saying give us a discount, half price or $4 instead of $7. So listen up LF and other breweries: Showing some significant appreciation for designated drivers is in your best interest. Here's the reasons: 1. No stories on the nightly news about a drunk driver leaving your brewery and hitting someone. 2. If you have a designated driver it means they brought you a group of people to pay full price and drink your beer. 3. It's just common courtesy not to charge for something you're not providing 4. It improves your image to say that you are a conscientious business and you don't want drinking and driving. The tour itself was good. Our tour guide was Josh, and he was energetic, funny, and enthusiastic (and also told inappropriate jokes). He did make it fun. And interactive. This tour was better than my previous tours with different guides. I would now recommend to others. But I'm not letting this DD thing go.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,3/24/2014,117,277,4,10,7>Tosa Liquor has the standard liquor store market cornered. They've got your staples, and a couple of higher-end brands if you're feeling fancy...but nothing crazy. However, the staff is SUPER friendly, and they gift wrap for free, which I did not expect. I asked if they had any gift bags, and all of the sudden, from behind the tiny little counter, the clerk produces all sorts of shiny, sparkly bags and ribbons and lets me take my pick. Then he wraps it for me, which is awesome, because I hate wrapping stuff. For not a single penny. Love it.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,3/23/2014,53,87,,7,4>We stopped in for a beer and to see the band and the belly dancer last July during Bastille Days. It was a beautiful warm summer night. I checked out the menu and was hoping to get back to try the food.  We finally went back last night and that warm summer night is only a memory - it was 0 degrees and the belly dancer was probably wearing a parka and snow boots. The restaurant was very busy, which was nice to see on a frigid night. Due to a large corporate group taking up the front of the restaurant, we had a table in the back.  The restaurant has a really nice atmosphere, but there is something a little odd about the big windows with a view of the interior of dark office building that takes away a bit of the warmness.  That is really the only thing I would say was off. I think if they hung some light curtains or shades, it could make a big difference. Service was great. Our waitress was really helpful and friendly, asking if we had Middle Eastern food before and ready to help us out with any questions or recommendations. The cocktail list has some interesting sounding mixed drinks, but we opted for wine. The wine selections are pretty basic - wines that you can get at the grocery store, but the prices are fair. We had the complimentary tapenade with bread and ordered the Potato Kibbeh and Stuffed Grape Leaves for starters. Then the Chicken Kabobs and Beef Shawarma for our main courses. Everything was very good and flavorful with a lot of great seasoning. I highly recommend Sababa and will definitely go back, but next time I will choose a different area of the restaurant to be seated in.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,3/22/2014,280,856,5,10,8>WALKED IN A SCEPTIC AND OUT A BELIEVER. I visited Woodman's Markets for the first time last weekend. My wife and I were driving by on Highway 145 and she asked if I wanted to get groceries there. I am the grocery getter in our household and I had planned on going to Whole Foods and Metcalfe's later in the day. What POSSIBLY could Woodman's offer than would negate a Whole Foods list? ALMOST EVERYTHING. Mind blown.LET'S START: I used the restroom upon entering and witnessed a fellow customer who had just used the urinal, walk right past the sink without washing his hands and join his wife in the produce section, where my wife was. SO YOU'RE SHOPPING with that kind of folk. There's no smiling. There's no "excuse me" when the tank shopping carts almost collide. It's Walmart. It's the State Fair. It's every man and woman for themselves in the name of saving money.BILLION: Woodman's always gave me a strange impression. Goofy commercials, badly drawn logo, box stores. Make no mistake, Woodman's is serious. They surpassed ONE BILLION dollars in annual sales among their fifteen locations.ORGANICS: The produce section is huge. I was amazed to find an entire organics selection.The produce was hit and miss, the asparagus from Peru was lifeless while the fresh cilantro for 69 cents looked great. Highlights from Produce: 39 cent green onions, 3 pack of Romaine hearts for $2.69, zucchini for .24 cents, Organic head of cabbage $2.99, small yellow onion .10 cents, 2/$1 lemons, 5/$1 limes and organic mushrooms caps for $2.49.GROCERY: Woodman's stocks multiple brands, name brands, of everything it seems. We stocked up on tea bags, broth/stocks, organic canned beans, peanut butter, lentil snaps, Sioux City Cream Soda and more.OIL: The selection of cooking oils is amazing. If you ever want to try alternative oils like walnut, coconut, avocado etc, it's a low investment here! I found my favorite brand of olive oil in a larger quantity and CHEAPER than I did at Metcalfe's. Of course they have canola and olive.SIZE: This Menomonee Falls store is 237,000 square feet! This is equal to 5.44 ACRES.POST: I was able to get everything but two items from my Whole Foods list. I purchased 42 items for $104.30. They don't accept credit cards so I couldn't earn air line miles (first world problem). The checkout process is fast and easy. I would return BUT NOT on a peak Sunday afternoon.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2013,3/21/2014,28,118,2,11,5>I think we might have a keeper here, folks.  Came here for lunch with a mentor and friend at the recommendation of someone whose taste I trust.  I found the decor to the charming and comfortable.  Was impressed with the menu and that this place is only focusing on providing quality breakfast and lunch items.  In addition to the standard menu, we were offered about ten daily specials.  I had the turkey burger, which was served on a pretzel bun with some delicious cranberry mayo.  Numerous options were given for sides, and I had a bowl of the yummy bowtie soup.  Can't wait to try this place for breakfast one of these days.  And who knows?  They could easily get bumped up to 5 stars.  You heard it here first!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,3/20/2014,38,241,3,8,5>So the last review was in 2009, and that was right around the last time I had been here. That is until last Friday.  This place deserves a more current review.  I had heard a rumor of a half-way-decent fish fry, and we were looking for a new place, so  we decided to go for it.  What we found was not just half-way-decent, but it was a totally legit fish fry to rival most.Yes, it is a bit divey, and we may have gotten that "your-not-from-around-here look" at first, but that is part of the charm.  Everyone who worked there was friendly, and the drinks were reasonable.  They also had some good beers on tap.  Now for the fish fry:  I ordered the fried fish and shrimp combo with potato pancakes and my wife had the baked with potato pancakes.  You have to get the potato pancakes!  They are homemade and they are some of the best around.  The fish was beer battered and the shrimp was breaded.  The shrimp came with a very good cocktail sauce.  I would like to tell you how the baked fish was, but my wife ate it before I could sample, which definitely means it was really good.  Meals come with a buttered piece of rye bread and a decent coleslaw, and they cost about $10 each.  We ate at the bar, and really had a great time.There is one other thing I have to mention, and that is the expansive views of West Allis from this busy corner.  It is a pretty nice location, and a fun bar to visit.  I would not hesitate to go back, and I hope to see other reviews soon.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,3/19/2014,41,225,6,10,8>The National.  On National.  So it's not just a clever name.  Excellent.Cozy little cafe with really nice people serving great food.  Lunch heaven!  I went for the Turkey/Bacon/Brie but was so so tempted by the Chicken/Artichoke/Sundried Tomato contraption that was listed a few items below it.  I will come back and conquer you later, my little chickedy friend.  Your ass is grass.I didn't notice until afterward that you can upgrade your chips & dip to soup or salad.  I shoulda done that.  The chips and dip were tortilla chips and hummus.  The hummus was good, I just don't love tortilla chips as my vessel... just a personal preference.  Next time I'm gonna try a soup.  The dessert case also looked good, but I had a quart of Kopp's Tiramisu in my apartment freezer callin' my name so I abstained.  The people working there were really kind - and it wasn't fake kind.  My best gal and I loved that.  Not a fan of the fake kind.  I can tell.  Cream city brick, shabby chic interior, hot eats, cool peeps, let's do it again sometime, y'all.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,3/18/2014,36,105,,7,4>I can't believe I have never been here. It was a cold night and that sure didn't scare the crowd away. And after eating I can see, or should I say "taste" why. I thought the beer was a tad pricey for a draft. I had a Spotted Cow, and it tasted a little warm, I could not stomach it. BUT! The food definitely made up for it. As well as our server. Our server was great. Knowledgeable, pleasant and efficient. The shrimp was probably one of the best I have ever had. Garlic mashed potatoes were awesome. I chose crab bisque soup, I was hesitant at first, but it was extremely tasty. And homemade bread to start was yummy! Overall the food is near five stars, I thought the portion was a bit small for the price. The decor was not my taste. But, it works for them. Lots of cool glass for sure! Small but cozy, and it certainly does the job of leaving your taste buds satisfied. I look forward to returning.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,3/17/2014,31,61,3,7,6>I recently came back with a friend and grabbygrabby SEIZED the opportunity to sit at their sushi bar.  Shortly after we'd taken our seats one of the sushi chefs presented to us a hot octopus salad and said it was on the house!  (I think they'd read my Yelp review and easily recognized me, so that may have been the reason for the free food.)  I'm usually not a huge fan of octopus, so I was very pleasantly surprised to so enjoy it!  Oh, and the smokey, generously spicy sauce drizzled on top was a welcome addition. We were lucky enough to have the same server I had during my first visit -- KRISTINA is her name!  Now I can finally remember! -- and she was just as fantastic as last time.  And so was the food.  I was lucky enough to try their pan-fried gyoza upon the prompting of my buddy who was still hungry after we split the Volcano Roll (yeah, so what, it's faux-sushi, but it's also DAMN good).  The skins were perfectly chewy and crisp.  I can't remember exactly what these sexy little dumplings were filled with; hell, it coulda been earthworms out of the backyard and I couldn't have cared less 'cuz it tasted great!Looking back on my second visit to Sakura, I'll say the icing on the cake was when the sushi chefs made chit chat with us and made sure we were enjoying ourselves.  Before I forget, I should note that there are TWO turtles in residence, and their names are "Lucy" and "Ricky".
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,3/16/2014,35,50,3,10,6>Finally! I've found delicious Chinese food in Milwaukee. Wauwatosa is full of these tiny carryout places that all taste about the same (none very good). Yen Ching is big and gourmet, with a big statue of Buddha and all sorts of intricate oriental woodwork. It's what a Chinese restaurant should be and has great food to match. I had the Mongolian beef and it was just perfect. Great sauce, thinly sliced beef, fresh veggies. I drive 20 minutes to get here and pass numerous Chinese restaurants on the way, but it really is worth it. If you want excellent Chinese food in Milwaukee, you've gotta make the trip to Yen Ching.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,9/24/2012,137,194,3,3,4>Searching for that perfect toilet tank lid?  This joint has them- in abundance.  One entire row of warehouse shelving stacked with all colors, sizes, and shapes of toilet tank lids.Pink? Yep- you betcha-Weird light green color?  Got it..Bright red with peppermint stripes?  Probably not, but I bet you can probably do without..if not for my obsession with toilet seat covers, you might think they had nothing else.  But in fact, if you are looking for old doors, fireplace mantels, chandeliers, toilets, safes, industrial equipment, signs, electric service boxes, or pretty much anything else that may be salvaged from not so "historic" buildings- I'm sure you will find something here.Remember the old grade school semi circle sinks?  The ones with the foot pedal and water pedestal in the middle?  Yeah- they got 'em.Oh, and they have coin operated tampon dispensers as well.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,9/23/2012,19,109,4,3,4>Each time I visit the Rumpus Room, it beckons itself to be my premiere late night location.  The service is always sharp, the seating is plush, and the eats are top notch.  They have an interesting beer selection and comparable wine list. However, as the Hamburglar use to say, "an establishment is only as good as their cheeseburger."  So, that is what I ordered and that is the only thing I have ever had in three visits.  Let me regain my composure, ensure that writing this burger review will not cause sudden droolage, and...so...we...begin:1. Krinkle Kut french fries' tend to get  their reputation butchered by consumerism.  Found in the freezer aisle and usually a pretty big disappointment.  I feel that the art of the krinkle has been lost, until now.   The Rumpus Room's krinkle kut fries brought me back to a better time.  Back when fries were super fresh and crispy.  Not overcooked but perfectly crispy.  They are strong and can handle their malt vinegar so you can be ensured for a perfect dip into your catsup, mayo, or both.  Best Krinkles in the City. 2. I grew up watching players like Hakeem Olajuwon win multiple championships in a row, then fade out to new stars,  like Tim Duncan.  I find myself seeing that over and over again when it comes to my burger experiences in Milwaukee.  Sobelman's and Oscar's are classic. They can never be replaced.  I can say that about the Rumpus Room's burger as well.  Upon arrival, it looks much like an Oscar's burger in shape, size, and form.  It comes on a butter bun with the typical fixings.  At first, I almost wrote this burger off because it used special sauce.  I consider it cheating but the special sauce lover in me tends to not really care.  Ordered medium-rare, the meat melts in your mouth with a hint of charbroil.  It is such a mesmerizing combination that I would order two if they were not $12 a piece.  3..  After two disappointing attempts to order a beer whose keg was not finished, the bartender offered me a sample of an Andersen Valley Boont Bruin Sour Ale.  It was unlike any beer I have ever had before and really complimented my mood and meal.  4. Apples to apples, I think the prices are the same as the Water Street Brewery but there is no comparison when it comes to the service and the meal.  Hands down, The Rumpus Room is the only place on Water Street that I want to get my eats from.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,9/22/2012,64,138,,6,2>Super cute new night spot in Tosa. Some unusual wines, innovative serving style and gorgeous setting. Funny that its next to Yo Mama, as its a similar concept where you self serve. There are also two whites and two reds on tap, lots of beer choices and very friendly staff. Great decor (a fireplace!) and yummy olives, cheese and meat selections that pair well with the booze. A classy, cute and welcome addition to downtown Tosa!
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,9/21/2012,146,306,6,8,7>I'm still trying to decide if I just had a food epiphany or a religious experience. There were so many things I tried at dinner last night that opened my eyes to new tastes and new ways of appreciating old favorites.  On the other hand, I recall exclaiming "Oh my God" over and over again....       Never one to be on the cutting edge of new trends, We finally tried Odd Duck for the first time last night. I don't usually rush into 5 star reviews after my first experience, but Odd Duck is different than most places in many, many good ways. We sat at the bar while we waited for the rest of our party of eight and were greeted by the friendly bartender who offered many suggestions. I knew I wanted to try the maple whiskey drink that everyone has been raving about. The wife tucked herself into a nice Cava that she would court for the remainder of the evening. After discussing my choice, Mr. Bartender catered the drink to my personal tastes. The drink was interesting and unique, but I guess maple whiskey is not for me. I'll stick with my Powers. There was a great menu of bar snacks to choose from. We went with the spicy pickles. They were great. Fresh, garlicky, gingery and a nice heat that creeps up on you. Can't wait to try other choices from the list.       The best thing about dining with a large group of friends is the opportunity it opens up for "sampling" many different things. We ordered: Homemade sausage platter:  5 different types of sausage hand -made by the chef. Each one as awesome and unique as the next. These were well received by our table. One of the most favorite things we had  that night was the sauerkraut that accompanied this dish. I'm a kraut guy. I've had some great kraut in my life, but this might be the best ever.Jerk Shrimp Skewers: We shouldn't be able to have shrimp this good and this tender 1000 miles away from the Gulf. But we did. Straight out of the nets of St. Peter they were. Ambrosia of the sea. We sampled:Short Ribs:             Super tender, just a bit tangy. Bones were licked clean.Lamb Meatballs:   Again, melt in your mouth tender.Fried Green Tomatoes:     I  didn't have any, but the rest of the table loved them.Bacon-wrapped dates:    A new thing for me. Yes please, bring more. I could eat them like peanuts at a baseball game.Crème Brule:          Woof. Lovely.Overall, one of the best dining experiences I have had in a long while. Our waitress was very attentive without hovering. Pricing was reasonable, and the restaurant itself is very nice and airy. We had hoped to sit on the beautiful patio, but it was a bit chilly for that. I can't wait to go back and try new things. The menu changes frequently here. Nothing we ordered last night was listed on their website menu. The wine list looked great as did the beer list. I settled into a few bottles of North Coast Scrimshaw Pils. Yum. We went to sleep last night with smiles from ear to ear with thoughts of Odd Duck on our minds.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,9/20/2012,25,54,2,6,3>I happened upon this place by accident.  My fiancee was looking at wedding dresses downstairs and I was relegated to the tea shop upstairs so I wouldn't see anything.Its not the type of place I would usually go to, the associated shops downstairs with their crystal, art, and silver just wasn't my cup of tea (har har).The white table linens, fresh flowers on the table and the large windows give this place a very relaxed and classy atmosphere.  The service staff were knowledgable, friendly, and very timely.  Granted, while I was there, it was just me and some Indian official and his FBI bodyguard.I had the strawberry oolong which was quite refreshing and the aroma mild but very pleasant.  The hot water refills were prompt, ensuring I always had tea.I also had a gigantic piece of cake, I can't remember exactly what it was called.  Some sort of layered sponge cake with a sweet frosting and pieces of caramel.All told, it cost a little under $12 to sit for 45 minutes, drink tea, and read the news on their free wi-fi.  I could make a habit out of this for lazy sunny weekends, if I lived closer.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2012,9/19/2012,44,153,3,6,6>I walked into Cory's yesterday with the full intentions of leaving with a nice bike, but didn't know where to start. That is when I met Chase. He was extra helpful in describing to me the best type of road bike for me as well as describing to me the pros and cons of each bike. He was like a bike God. I asked for what I wanted and he provided. Let me note, I am a bike n00b. Not in the sense of, "OMG! I want a totally pretty bike!" but in the sense of, I have been a hardcore rider for years and haven't been using something of quality. I got the 2012 Kona HonkyTonk and took it all around town last night, it was wonderful. They have a great deal with buying any new bike, you get $100 in accessories for free, which is how I got my helmet and lock. I am very content and happy to have done business there!
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,9/18/2012,35,99,4,5,5>Soup House is my go-to spot for lunch downtown. Well before noon, the long line of office workers out the door is a testament to the enduring popularity of this gem.The restaurant itself has two very different halves. The kitchen and service counter is textbook Manhattan-style: cramped and minimalist with not an inch of space wasted. But after you pay and proceed to the dining space, you'd swear several walls were knocked out to make room for a cavernous eating area. It's a homey collection of big old kitchen tables and rescued, mismatched chairs. Charming gewgaws litter the storefront windows, and the seating areas are cozy and cluttered with old novels and cookbooks. It's likely that you'll have to share a big table with other diners, and it's not unheard of to strike up a bit of conversation because of this quirky seating.Due to the overwhelming popularity, they have to run this operation a bit like a cafeteria. But a friendly Midwestern one; you won't find kinder service anywhere. An A-Team of four elite staffers runs this place like pros! Despite the workman-like service, there is nothing in the food that seems hurried. Every day you can expect five or six amazing soups, all homemade. Often there's more than one vegan option, a true rarity in this town. And all the soups feature real ingredients and slow cooking; no giant vats of synthesized cream or Sysco nonsense here. You get a choice of cornbread or a slab of French loaf as well. They have a fridge full of sandwiches, but I have yet to try one over the world-class soup here.Best soups (so far) are: Cajun seafood gumbo, Pabst and pork, clam chowder, house chicken rice, and their amazing Indian masalaPass on these two: asparagus, French onionSo do yourself a favor: get over to Soup House next time you're downtown. Be warned that Soup House is cash only, so hit an ATM and get there early - the best soups sell out fast!
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,9/17/2012,42,146,4,4,5>Can't believe I haven't reviewed Miller Park yet.  What is there to say, I love it.  I go there probably 30 times a year, and there is so many elements that I could cover so let me try.1. They now have corn that they cut off the cob, which I had last night and it is delicious. 2. Beer selection has drastically improved, and I would argue probably the best in baseball.3. All seats in the park have their unique attributes, and it is my goal to sit in every section (I am over fifty at this point).4. FOOD. Very odd, but my favorite selection at the stadium is the japanese noodles in the club section.  5. Long Islands from Fridays, the best deal at Miller Park if you are looking to tie one on.6. Tailgating, nuff said.7. Buses down from the bars. Very fun, always not what you expect. Cheaper and easier than tailgating.8. Friendly people, always.Well, you get the idea, I will add to this list as they come to me!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,9/16/2012,181,369,2,5,6>I was directed to Bronze through a friend and was skeptical at first.I had always gone to one of the other national chain stores to get my frames.  They stand behind the counter - let you pick out what you want and send you on your way.Going to Bronze is an experience.  Bronze and Linda take pride in helping you select the best frames possible.  They are right there, guiding you along.  It's customer service at its best.  Bronze and Linda are top notch, and I highly recommend you make a visit the next time you need frames.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,9/15/2012,46,82,6,5,5>This will go down as the most random review I have ever written.After the St Patrick's day festivities we hailed a cab and asked him if we could go get some pizza. As we furiously searched for something on our iPhones he referred us to Times Square. I was a little weary, but his twangy jersey accent made him seem believable so we went there.My first thought as we pulled up: "Uh ... this a gas station." But once we went inside we realized that this place was in demand. A ton of people were inside either eating or waiting for their meals. Some of the people that were eating were a little, eh, strange but the pizza looked so damn good that we had to wait.We ordered an entire pizza to go, walked outside and hailed another cab. Once we got home we literally devoured that beast. This pizza will go down as some of the best pizza I have ever had ... honestly.Try it out! It seems very odd, but the dudes know what they're doing.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2012,6/23/2012,115,276,7,8,9>Damn you, Rocket Baby.  I was trying to lose a few lbs.  I know now that is not possible, as I purchased your chocolate croissants this morning and I am compelled to come back again and again.  I am trying to resist going back TOMORROW MORNING to buy your entire stock so I can horde them all to myself and eat myself into a silly, ridiculous chocolate croissant fervor. (They were light and flaky and delicious, by the way). That being said, we were welcomed as soon as we walked in, and the staff was so incredibly friendly I felt immediately at home.  Prices are very low.  I was amazed at the low prices.  I could easily go crazy in this place. We will be back again and again.  I think we came right around closing time today (2pm), and they did not have the magical goat cheese scones I have heard everyone raving about, I heard someone say they were out.  Well, I want some too, because apparently they are like crack, and as long as I'm going off my diet for the chocolate croissants, I may as well get a bunch of those, too.Also, RBB gets bonus points for the AWESOME logo.  I would totally wear a shirt with that logo on it!  And hey - they sell shirts!  I can. And I will!  So - how do you utilize this amazing information presented before you?  Do yourself a favor and go try some of their delicious bakery - you will not regret going.  My only complaint is I already know I won't get over as much as I like.  Support this wonderful, new addition to North Ave.  I need them to be around for a long time, to feed my newfound habit.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2012,6/22/2012,103,296,7,6,6>The Tap is much like the closet in "The Witch and the Wardrobe."  You never know what cast of characters you will see or meet once you walk through the door.  That is not to say there are not the "regulars," but you are normally entertained by the patrons cycling through on any given night.  This particular evening, my fellow bar-hopper and I watched the beginnings of a bar fight and a mass of Christ King parents wearing their best recycled bridesmaid dresses and prom tuxes.  See what I mean?  Where else can you expect to have such a colorful evening?  The solo bartendress was able to sling drinks and stop the bar brawl all within the hour we sat at the counter.  Now, on this night, we did not enjoy a Lalli's pizza with our beverages, but you are able to order at the neighboring pizza joint if you so desire.  You walk next door to order, and they will deliver it for you.  Now, that is service.  It is one of the best partnerships I now.  Well, in addition to the partnership that blossomed between my husband and I at that very bar.  It was one of our first dates, sipping G&T's and devouring a medium Lalli's sausage & cheese pizza.  If nothing else, Club Tap creates memories.  Do not let the "dive bar" status fool you.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,6/21/2012,20,52,3,6,4>I LOVE PHO.  I have been to 7ish Vietnamese restaurants in my life and always need to try the Pho.  Pho Hai Tuyet has the BEST Pho I have ever had AND you don't have to wait 45 minutes for it like you have to at Phan's Garden.Last week I decided to throw myself a curve ball and try something different and went with the Bohn Mi pork sandwich (Picture is posted with no description).  OMG it was the best/worst decision of my life.  Now when I go back I am going to be torn between the sandwich and the Pho.Service was maybe 2 stars.... I can never figure out if they purposely don't bring you your bill or if they just expect you to go to the counter to pay.  Either way good food beats bad service.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,6/20/2012,46,82,3,5,5>Holy Deviled Eggs.I mean, come on. I'm not even going to write a full review for this place. There's no question that I'm totally in love with all-things Bartollotta ... and when this little nugget of a restaurant popped up on Water St my year was complete. What do I love (and by love I mean obsessively think about)?- Ridic wine options- The menu isn't foo-foo or over-priced. It's reasonable. It's robust. It's freakin' awesome- They have Pate here, need I say more?- Who sells deviled eggs by the egg? And not just you're typical "Hey, it's a family gathering I'm going to whip up some deviled eggs". These eggs are serious. Seriously amazing. I could eat my weight in them- All of their dishes that we tried were perfectly put together and absolutely divine- To top it all off - the entire place is incredibly homey and cozy. I would live in their dining room all winter if Joe B. would let meOk, enough of me saying how much I love this place, but I really do. I will be here as often as I can be this winter.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,6/19/2012,181,369,8,4,4>I love you Paddys and your magical upstairs.One of the most welcoming bars in the city.I'm sure one of these times I'll spot a lephrechaun dancing in a secret corner.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,6/18/2012,13,55,3,8,6>A $12 burger for half the price.I wasn't going to review Oscars because there's really nothing I can say that hasn't been said already.  But I had an epiphany recently:I was talking to someone about another burger place when I said, "they make a real good burger, but it's just not worth the $12 they charge."They asked, "have you ever had a burger worth $12?"I said, "Yes.  Oscar's burgers are worth $12.  But they charge half that."Seriously... When a place like Oscar's comes along and gives me a burger of this quality, I have real difficulty going back to a joint that demands $12 or $14 for a burger.Note:  While it's really not a great place for kids, they do have high chairs.  We went on a weekday with the little guy and it was fine.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2012,6/17/2012,38,241,3,5,4>Howell never ceases to amaze me.  There are so many hidden gems on this side of town, and Off the Clock is one of them.  We really had a taste for wings, and I heard good things.  We wound up eating a feast of a meal, and everything was very good.  We had wings, we had waffle fries, we had sweet potato tots, we had French onion soup, we had a deep-fried Reuben wrap, we had loaded Mac and Cheese, we had a Fuji apple chimichanga, and there were 2 other people at the table who also enjoyed other meals.  The wings were huge.  Even people who never read the Yelp reviews were saying that.  I love that they have 12 different flavors.  I normally like saucier wings, so I really enjoyed the ones we ate.  We had fire asian, teriyaki, spicy garlic, and sweet BBQ.  They could have used more heat, but they were all very good.  Now to the Reuben wrap.  Our server asked if we wanted it grilled or fried?!  Who could say no to a fried wrap... it was like a Reuben chimichanga.  The side of sweet potatoes were also quite a treat.  Everything came out fast, and hot.  Our server was very nice.  I also was very impressed with the bar.  The place is covered in beautiful woodwork, it is well lit, and it seemed very clean.  I want to go back with my wife so she can try one of their great-sounding Mac and Cheeses.  We will definitely be back!
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2011,6/16/2012,23,117,2,3,2>I really enjoyed my recent visit to Stonefly and I can't wait to go back! I've wanted to eat at this brew pup for a long time, but it just never happened. Recently I planned to see a friend's band perform at the Milwaukee Public House (Scarring Party; they're great) and decided to get dinner with a couple friends first. We wanted to stay in Riverwest, and decided to try Stonefly. At first I was overwhelmed by the menu. As a vegetarian growing up in the Midwest, it's not very often that I have more than 3 menu choices at a restaurant. I asked our server for her suggestions, but unfortunately she sort of recommended everything. Not really what I was hoping for. I decided to try something I couldn't get anywhere else and went with the "Tofu n Tot" dish. It was delicious. The perfect portion size for this heavy meal of tots and cheese sauce, crispy on the sides from the baked cheese, and served with a side of cinnamon apples which seemed out of season in mid-summer, but tasted great. My dining companions both ordered the fish fry and were happy with the flavor, but would have liked another piece or two of fish. I thought the beer was pretty good; better than Milwaukee Ale House, not as good as Lakefront or Sprecher. Overall, I found Stonefly to be a great value, and an awesome choice for a vegetarian meal. I could have had better service, and the restaurant does lack ambiance when there's no live music (lots of empty space), but I look forward to visiting again soon.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2011,6/15/2012,73,356,3,4,4>Spank's is Wisconsin, through and through.  Nothing in the way of decor, drink selection or food makes this place stand out, but it's the intangibles that give the pub its shine.  The patrons and staff are both awesome.  It feels like home when you walk in here; it's unpretentious and inviting, and that's what keeps me coming back.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,6/14/2012,38,50,5,2,3>I went here every Wednesday for a year after turning 21. This place grows on you and never gets old.Weekends are your typical water street fare. You might as well call the whole street the Home Depot, there are so many tools around its ridiculous. Thankfully, Rosie's is a bit of a refuge from that. This place feels more like the bar your dad used to go to (and still does) instead of just a drunken sausage and slut fest. It might get crazy here, but there's always a sense of calm and relaxation. Weeknights here are the real shiners. The bartenders really get to stand out, and they give a very friendly pour to regulars. A bit of a 'Cheers' atmosphere at times. They did away with the pool table (which i've danced on) and other video poker games in leu of more seating, and also recently revamped the menu into more of a brew pub fare. Rosie's seems to be going down a more of a craft beer route, too. A welcome refuge from the pitchers upon pitchers of tap MGD i've funneled into my liver. All in all, Rosie's is a great place to see Water Street for its excitement, but not necessarily get slapped across the face with it. 9 times out of 10 you'll probably see some girl stumble in (or crawl out) with a tilted Tiara and runny mascara. You drink here free on your birthday.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,6/23/2014,280,856,7,15,11>Three years later. Here's an update. DINING ALONE. My wife is traveling for a few days. I made a list of places I want to dine at that she doesn't have any interest in. DAY ONE, Maxie's. This place is a straight shot down 68th Street from my humble home in Wauwatosa. I arrived at approximately 5:55PM on a Wednesday evening. Note the time because it plays an important and unbeknown to be part of my final bill. I parked in the adjacent West lot and then gambled with my life as I crossed 68th Street, drivers either being ignorant or immoral towards crosswalks.I arrived at the hostess desk - there were people seated/crowding the hostess area. I asked the hostess in my best "I'm cool" voice and demeanor if there was a bar upstairs where one could order food. She gave me the nod. The nod green light I headed past the fairly busy dining area and up the stairs. There were less than ten diners upstairs. I was the first to grab a seat at the bar. I was greeted by a friendly staff member who later identified herself as the catering manager.I ordered a Abita Turbodog, because that's the New Orleans thing to do. I immediately remembered that it was a dark beer and my liver/kidneys would be faced with a chore to filter what was the color of Mississippi River water. I flashed my City Tins coaster and ordered 6 raw oysters. The oysters were all from the East coast. They arrived on a bed of ice with some horseradish, vinegar, lemon and marinara. It's interesting to see how the varieties look next to each other - some are small, some large, some milky some small and translucent. They ALL tasted good.I followed up this SOLO meal with an order of fried green tomatoes. I grew up in Southern Iowa eating this delicacy before Leo made a movie of the same name. I remember the sun kissed Iowa tomatoes being entirely more flavorful but it's March in MIlwaukee so I can deal with an appetizer that tasted better kissed with remoulade than the summer sun. ($7.95)I followed the tomatoes up with an Abita Maibock. I then ordered a cup of GUMBO - $5.95. I think gumbo is the earthy relative of currys. I could taste the earthy rouix build up and layers of onion, crawfish, okra and rice. I dipped my leftover cornbread (which not to complain about complimentary food but was served cold, cold butter and cold cornbread) in the gumbo.POST: I think it was M.F.K. Fisher who waxed poetic about dining alone. I can honestly say this was probably my favorite meal ever enjoyed alone - granted my smartphone wasn't too far way if I ever felt awkwardly alone (half kidding). There's something about dining alone that let's you savor the flavors of your food and truly absorb the atmosphere of a place. Great service.5:55PM: I had no idea when happy hour was. I clocked in five minutes in time to save $6.60 and $1.00 on my oysters and beer respectively.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,6/22/2014,53,87,3,8,4>So, we finally went to Braise. Frankly, we hadn't been hearing rave reviews on the place, so we thought we'd give it some time. Okay, this is a rave review. First off, I love the place - we used to go here when it was Jacques and I have always liked the atmosphere.  Cozy, quaint, great woodwork, awesome back bar and super comfy atmosphere, but also feels pretty hip and trendy with the lighting, decor, service and clientele. Does that even make sense? I know what I mean...you will too. Good beer, wine and cocktail selection. Started with a Furthermore Knotstock - ended with a "Before & After" - beer, prosecco and homemade black pepper bittersLove the little bucket of homemade breads and crackers with butter. Then we checked out the menu. You can choose from three categories - Braise Bites which are basically appetizers, small plates or full on entrees. We ended up with a mix of bites and small plates and had plenty of food with a great variety of flavors. That is what Braise does best - provides flavor. Loved the seared gnocchi with pickled carrots, coulis, toasted hazelnuts and pea shoots as well as the honey roasted beet salad and totally dug the smoked trout on the johnny cake with the tomato jam. One thing that they could do better is provide more description on the menu. As a person with allergies, I made sure to let our server - who was awesome - know the allergies I had. He actually had to let us know when he brought one of the bites to us that it had black beans...although the menu description did not say so. I am glad he caught it, because I probably would have not noticed until it was too late. So kudos to him for being on top of things and caring about his customer! I liked the opportunity to continue to order items based on how we felt and things came out of the kitchen pretty quickly. We shared a total of five plates and we didn't get overly full and, surprisingly, the check wasn't that big either. I look forward to going back...what took us so long to check this place out???
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,6/21/2014,36,105,,5,5>THE. BEST. MEATBALL. SANDWICH. EVER.Love, love, love this place. I always plan to try something different because they menu looks so tasty, however is fall back on the delicious meatball sub. Guess that just leaves me to have to return.The store here is great. Besides clean and great employes you can pretty much find any ethnic Italian food you need. From the deli, the bakery to beverages you just can't go wrong. Improvements? I can't think of anything I'd want to change. This is an all around A+ spot. Try it, if you dare, you just might get addicted!
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,6/20/2014,8,29,3,12,5>This weekend, I went ventured over the the Institute of Beauty and Wellness for a $25 45-minute massage. I wasn't expecting much at that price range, but I was pleasantly surprised at how professional and relaxing the massage was. The student did an amazing job, and it really seemed like the other student masseuses were just as competent and welcoming. I walked in expecting a basic massage, but the student who worked with me was able to work all the knots out of my back and even suggested stretches I could do to avoid future stressing my back.To anyone considering a massage here, there are two things you should know. First, the massage takes place in an open floor instruction studio. Meaning, you are laying there naked beside other people getting massages. For those of us who are more modest, myself included, the masseuse can help you get onto the table without flashing T&A at every one in the room. It's also a really quiet and soothing environment, so you can really relax while having a massage. Second, because the institute is owned by Aveda, they train the students to take you on a "scent journey". While the student allows you to test out the scent of your choosing - and some are rather nice - they are very strong smells. So if you're very sensitive to fragrance, call ahead of your appointment and see if they can leave that out.The facility itself is very nice, with beautiful stonework, plush seating, a gorgeous fireplace, and complimentary (really good) tea. You would think you were in a very high class salon, that is until you go to the front desk. I paid prior to the massage, and at the end of the session, they ask you to fill out an assessment and hand it to the front desk. No problem, except for when there is a huge line. Waiting 25 minutes to hand in a piece of paper (when I already paid) is kind of ridiculous. Other than this, though, the visit was well worth the $25.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,6/19/2014,96,52,21,8,8>Picture me dining with a beautiful woman; we're seated at the window behind the famous Pizza Man sign. Our conversation - as well as my imagination - is consumed with hypotheticals & logical potentialities. While there are innumerable historical trajectories that could be true, only one actually found itself manifest in our reality. One brought us to that moment with such a peculiar object. What series of events actually occurred in this dimension to wrought this magnificently strong & entirely phallic pepper grinder?Some one picked those pepper grinders. Some one paid for those pepper grinders. Go to Pizza Man. Look at the pepper grinders. LOOK AT THEM.I've visited Pizza Man a handful of times & I enjoyed myself every time. Granted, I get to sit with a pretty lady who is quite a fine conversationalist, so it isn't entirely Pizza Man's magic at work. But Pizza Man ain't hurtin' the situation, either. Especially with such suggestive tableware. Tip: The Meatball pizza is great! You may be surprised. The balls taste a bit like sausage. Whatdayaknow? Sausagey balls. It tasted even better as leftovers the next day. Give it a shot.The design of the place, the lighting, wood, decor, etc., is great. It's warm & fun. The bar is great & the bartenders are even better. They have solid a selection of drinks. Just a bit toward the pricey side, but not crazy.I'm sure if I brought my parents to Pizza Man on one of their visits from the suburbs, they would love it & tell all of their friends. I have not been terribly overjoyed by the food any of the times I've visited, but it's totally fine. It'll definitely fill you up & leave you with leftovers. But most of the menu items can be found at just about any pizza or Italianish place in the city.You know what you can't find at just about any pizza or Italianish place in the city? You nailed it, wildly phallic pepper grinders. Go to Pizza Man. Try to pretend the pepper grinders don't look like dick statues.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,6/18/2014,127,111,2,7,3>I keep going and I keep loving it! Both Mara and Carisa have been fabulous servers for birthdays, anniversaries, etc. I always request them when I make reservations! Their rabbit pot pies are great and the duck ragu really is THAT good!
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,6/17/2014,296,1325,9,9,8>The Tracks is an interesting place - it's a cross section of Riverwest at its best, but it's still mostly a sports bar. Never is that more evident than during Volleyball Sundays. We arrived early and watched the crowd of neighborhood day-drinkers filter out, and the packs of bro-sters head on in. I like to think that Tracks is the Riverwest version of Leff's in Tosa. Or more correctly, it's predecessor in the life cycle of the bro...college bros from UWM head to the Tracks to play on one of the leagues and check out the ladies, then they get married & move to the West side and go to Leff''s, and finally end out their popped collar days at some bar near a golf course in Delafield. It's probably called Mulligans or something. Anyway...Things worth knowing...the bar staff is really, really, really nice. They have Sriracha chicken strips that appear to be house breaded from actual chicken parts & they are very tasty. Tater tots are available. These are all important things to me, since I'll be spending some time here to cheer on the Yelp V-ball team.Also, I hear that there's some softcore porn (boobage) in the gent's but the ladies room has no displays? What's up with that?
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,6/16/2014,13,91,2,6,3>Yessssss! Finally! I have found a buffet that is not only clean, but serves up lots of Chinese American and American food. My eyeballs nearly popped out at the sight of so many entree and side options available. I tried the fried zucchini, chicken, crab rangoon, stir fried chicken, fried chicken on a stick, general tso's chicken, fried chicken gizzard (not a fan, will not eat ever again under any circumstances), and the salmon. I did not get a chance to try the hibachi grill, or the peel and eat shrimp; but I did manage to save room for two small pieces of cake. There were other foods I did not try because I did not want to overeat. I went on a Sunday around 3pm (prime church crowd time). I had no troubles finding parking. The server assigned to my table was attentive, and cleared the table as needed. This is the best darn buffet I have been to in Milwaukee since I was age 10! Yes, somewhere in the early 90s. No kidding! I am going to be a regular (and hopefully light eater) at this place.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,6/15/2014,24,131,,7,5>Wow! Tonight was my first time here and I was loving it!! First of all, the decor is amazing!!! I love all the colors and paintings, they really helped shape the atmosphere.Second: can you say huge portions!!? My boyfriend and I ordered the chicken quesadillas and they literally filled up an entire plate! And were they ever delicious! Cheesy and chicken-y, and amazingly not a ton of grease! I was in heaven, and my boy was in a food coma. :)Our waitress and bus/boy/chip-deliverer were awesome. We came in totally starved (we spent all day shopping and we had all only eaten breakfast, and we were well into the dinner hour) and the chips were well stocked, and our food arrived in no time at all.All in all I'm very, VERY pleased with this place and will definitely be back again.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,6/14/2014,61,283,,5,3>I am going to say 5... probably 4.5 but we will call it 5 and the reason for my high score is that for the price, the service level and quality of food was superb.My husband and I dined before a show and they were mindful of our schedule.  They allowed us to split the three course menu with and added salad.  The crab tater tots were very fresh and tasty.  The plain mixed green salad had an AMAZING Dijon vinaigrette - so good.  We were really pleased with the grilled shrimp entree.  Good, fresh, meaty shrimp cooked perfectly and SIX of them.  Finally, the creme bruele was also perfection, not too sweet with a perfect sugar layer on top.  All that plus a 9 dollar glass of wine and two coffee's came to just $53.00.  The server was good, he even gave us a tip on how to park at the Marcus.  I would absolutely recommend to others.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,9/4/2012,12,42,4,6,4>Not only is this a great store for maternity clothes for every budget (Pea in the Pod & Motherhood Maternity), they also have cute baby things and pre-/post- preggo products, such as breast feeding supplies and post-natal support belts.  There is usually some promotional sale going on, which is great when you don't want to spend the big bucks on clothes you are only going to wear for 40 weeks.However, what I love the most about Destination Maternity is their FREE fitness classes for moms-to-be and new mommies!  (Gyms charge one pretty penny for their "prenatal yoga" classes which are essentially glorified deep breathing sessions.  No, thank you!)   I frequent the "strength training" sessions on Saturdays and the fitness instructor is awesome.  The classes are each an hour long and include complimentary water(s).  They are actually challenging and you leave feeling sore the next day - in a good way!  And you meet local big-bellied friends who share great pregnancy and baby tips. :)They offer several other class options during the week, from yoga and relaxation to piyo and belly dancing. Sometimes there are even couples yoga sessions on Saturdays.   If I lived closer to Brookfield, I would totally try more.  Definitely worth checking out!
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,9/3/2012,172,484,2,5,5>Glorioso's is both a  deli and an Italian market grocery store.The cheese selection is huge. Great deli that makes sandwiches, which I have not yet tried but would very much like to next time I am hungry and in the area. There are lots of pasta to choose from, both dry and frozen. There is a really good, but small,  meat counter manned by Uncle Eddie who is knowledgeable and seems like a lot of fun. There is a good, though small, selection of beer, and a lot of wine priced from a few dollars a bottle. Great customer service.They have a lot of things you would go to Pick n Save for, but better quality and slightly higher prices.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,9/2/2012,26,70,,4,2>Terry helped rebuild the entryway in my home and it looks better than I could have imagined.  There was even a hiccup with a broken pane of glass surrounding the doorway and he came back and had it fixed in a day.Terry worked with my schedule, had all of the work done within a week, and never worried me with the typical contractor work of, "Oh, I've got one small project to fix before I get around to yours."  He was professional, friendly, and straightforward and I would highly recommend him for projects you're considering around the home.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,9/1/2012,9,106,,8,4>I dig this place! A great new frozen yogurt place during the whole "fad" of fro yo! Comparing to other places that I've been to recently, this place ranks pretty high up there. There are more machines than the standard place and the flavors are awesome. Flavors like cheesecake, red velvet, wedding cake, brownie, peanut butter, and some fruity flavors that I didn't really look at because come on let's get real, I like the sugary goodness! The yogurt is a little creamier than the standard too. Toppings bar has large pieces of candy and ghiradelli chocolate, white chocolate, and caramel sauce (YUM!) Large parking lot with lots of places for when people realize how good this place is!Only thing I don't love is that all the cups were so darn big! I wish I there was a bowl a little smaller than the standard. Definitely worth a trip back! We'll be back again during this hot, hot summer!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,8/31/2012,55,104,,6,4>After many tries, I finally got a seat at the Smoke Shack. In the past when I have tried to eaten lunch here there was at least an hour wait which doesn't fly for somebody who only gets an hour to eat lunch. But last Tuesday must have been my lucky day because there was no wait at noon and we were seated right away. Something to be aware of is that these are "community tables" so you are generally sitting with strangers. Its not like at a beer hall where the tables are long either....we sat at a table for 6 with 2 other people right next to us. It was a little odd at first since it felt kind of like we were on a date with them..but I talk to strangers sitting next to me at the bar all the time so I guess its not that different. They also have a tiny bar to sit at but I think your best bet will be enjoying the deck when the weather warms up.My friend and I both had the brisket sandwich, both put house bbq sauce on it as well. It was very good, not chewy but tender and nice that you could control the amount and which type of bbq sauce to put on it (nothing worse than a soggy sandwich). It definitely wasn't hot, seemed like maybe it had been sitting out of the cooker awhile before it made it to our table but was still tasty. Came with sweet potato fries which were also good. We split 2 desserts- the Bourbon Praline Cake and the Bacon Bourbon Brownie. The cake was rich, gooey and moist- good but not worth the calories. The brownie was not for me...I had never had the bacon chocolate combo before and I hated it. Way to meat tasting and not enough sweet. It did come with Whiskey Ice Cream that was awesome though- next time I will stick with a scoop of that. I'm excited to go back and sit on their deck with a drink. I really want to try the mac and cheese and if you sign up for their mailing list that you can try it (or any other side) for free! Prices are a little high but pretty much on par for the Third Ward and would never deter me from stopping by.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2012,8/30/2012,46,552,3,8,5>It's true!  There are Zipcars in Milwaukee.  There have been for a while.  Heck, I remember when they were FlexCars back in 2008 and then it switched to Zipcar.Anyway, there are a limited number (less than ten) of Zipcars here in Milwaukee that are associated with UWM, but any Zipcar member can make a reservation for any car in any city or university location.The service that Zipcar provides works really well for me - I just wish sometimes there were more cars.  I miss the selection I had when I lived in the Bay Area, but I'm super happy that they are here.  It's so much cheaper to get a (nice) car for a few hours to run errands than to own a car and way more convenient than renting a car.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2012,8/29/2012,93,44,3,6,5>I haven't let anyone near my hair wielding a scissors in 6 years. Not kidding. My last haircut was that warped.However, after Cheryl cut my hair this week, I'm in love. The Riverwest location is in a former yarn store (Loop), which I think is super-fitting (on a hippie vibe-level.)  It's nestled in between Alterra and ReThreads, so if you have to wait, you've got some entertainment and caffeination, so important. If you didn't know, the Cutting Group is strictly cuts, no color- $25 flat rate. They feature strictly Bumble & Bumble products, so it smells awesome in there.Onto the cut- Cheryl did an amazing job, considering how anxious I was. She knew exactly what I wanted and talked me through the whole process, all while maintaining a zen attitude. Awesome. I totally recommend trying this location out, and ask for Cheryl. She knows what's up.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2012,8/28/2012,0,253,6,5,5>4 stars for a Great patio!  Not sure what I would give it if I had to sit inside. Spent this past Saturday evening on the patio with friends.  Wasn't too busy until the bus full of "Secret Bar Tour" folks came by. (Side note....it isn't a secret tour if you are all wearing identical t-shirts).Nice relaxed atmosphere, even after 5 hours of drinks and most of my party singing a bit louder than every one else was talking. I would definitely go back to hang out on the patio this summer! And, they offer Strongbow and Crispin, neither on tap though. Which makes me just a bit sad.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,8/27/2012,126,304,6,9,8>I just saw Justine and think she is the cutest thing ever.  I have seen her a couple times now and really like her style.  It was slightly embarrassing because the last time I went in, I think it had been 6 months since I have had a haircut!  I guess us long haired girls without bangs can do that more than short haired girlies.She is knowledgeable about product as well.  I was looking for a "dry shampoo" or something to take the oil out of my hair and I ended up buying an expensive Aveda product for that :0)I like the salon as a whole, small and to the point.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,8/26/2012,115,264,14,7,6>One request: Can I borrow Mahal for a few weeks and make the greatest buddy movie ever?  I love that little guy so much it's stupid.Mahal the baby (now toddler I think?) Orangutan is far and away my favorite dude at the zoo, but he is but one of many attractions. The Primates of the World as a whole is fantastic. Kids (and Kyle K's) love to laugh at a baboon butt, let me tell you. The Aquatics building is really great. Alligators (My niece calls them hockamahters.), Leopard Sharks, Giant Octopus, Lake Wisconsin, King Cobra and some of the biggest catfish I've ever seen.I think this happens to lots of people, but when looking at some of the animals I start to panic when I realize that they don't belong here. It's not cool to see a polar bear laying around in 80 degree temps in Milwaukee. It makes me a little sad.Pros:-Mahal!-The new-ish giraffe observation area. Those big bastards are like 2 feet away.-The Family Farm is still awesome, even as an adult. Feeding the goats is still fun, too.-The Lions. Holy crap I forgot how big they are. I will not be snuggling with them anytime soon.-They truly care about the animals and take their opportunity to educate very seriouslyCons:-The aforementioned crisis of conscience.-Dude. Penguins. You guys rule. I like you. But seriously, how can you spend so much time in water and still smell so bad!?-I don't fit in the Zoo Express anymore. -I want to snuggle with all the animals. They do not want to snuggle with me.I have so many great memories of going to the zoo when I was little and they all hold up to this day. The Zoo is such a great asset for Milwaukee County and they take their role in the community very seriously. If you haven't been yet, go.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,7/30/2011,148,281,5,5,4>What's a girl to do when it's been one of those days where you forget to eat at work and you're on the way home and the place you're wanting to stop at is out of business and the thought of getting back in the car sans food is just no good because it's also been one of those days where if you really have to go home and cook, you're likely going to collapse in a crying mess of misery and hunger? You suck it up, walk across the street to Lucky Liu's and get some kick-ass dinner, that's what you do. 'Cause they will hook. you. up. with some delicious grub with friendly service AND you will have lunch set for the next two days. Huzzah!
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2011,7/29/2011,87,184,,4,2>Classic Slice is very much still here and still amazing. Now that my family is back in Milwaukee, I decided to introduce my husband (and my 18-month old) to Classic Slice. He ordered a philly cheesesteak, which I thought was sort of wrong, but he orders that anywhere he can. It was actually quite tasty, if not authentic, but this is Milwaukee so whatever!The slice of weekly special pizza I had there after they opened in 2007 is now named Shipee Ahoy, and has long been a regular menu staple. Let me just say, if you aren't a vegan you must try this! Now! Really! It's so good it's wrong. Pesto and tomato sauce and their fab sausage and basil, lots of basil. Yum. Even my son eats this, and he's well into his picky eating phase. The Ann Curry is delicious too, for vegans and others.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,7/28/2011,12,27,3,5,5>I guess I'm a sucker for the hidden gem. $14 bought two huge entrees with sides, two mango lassis and a satisfied pair of diners. The food was full of rich flavors and a bit of spice without being heavy or greasy, and Bombay Sweets has to be one of the best bangs for your buck in Milwaukee. I don't even feel bad about the gas I used driving all the way from the north side of the city.Highlights were the mango lassis, naan/paratha, anything with chickpeas and samosas. Not a big fan of the yogurt as a [huge] side, but that's honestly just personal preference. I haven't yet tried any of the countless confections that line the deli fridges.This place is no-frills (lunch trays!), but the sweet ladies working the counter and the Indian knicknacks fill it up with character. I'm undoubtedly coming back, but next time I'll leave room for the desserts.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,7/27/2011,11,62,1,7,3>The fried chicken here is really tasty.  The skin is very crispy and delicious while the meat is moist and juicy.  The chicken has a good seasoning that enhances the flavor.   They now how to make chicken just right. One thing that I really love about this place is the ambiance.  I feel like if John Candy was still alive he would be hanging out here.  This place reminds me of an establishment that was once nice but over time has slowly turned into a "dive."  However, it still maintains all the high quality food and people that makes this place a local gem with character rather than just another dive.  There were several restaurants like this that I would frequently visit during my childhood and being here reminds me of all the fantastic food and down to earth people that make places like this great.While I waited for my order to get made, I watched the workers run out to make deliveries, chat with customers, and work busily on the numerous orders.  Many customers visited during the wait for my order and Golden Chicken was an unexpected location for some enjoyable people watching.  Unfortunately, there aren't a bunch of tables here so don't plan on eating here.Golden Chicken has plenty of tasty choice options like pizza, fried fish, ribs, and shrimp.  All those foods beside the pizza can be served in bucket form...hell yeah!  If you haven't tried this local gem yet, eat here so it doesn't get replaced with a Kentucky Fried (or Grilled) Chicken!
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,7/26/2011,21,88,3,3,1>Mykonos is really a place for drunk food at bar o'clock and I am one person who respects that! I don't go to Mykonos expecting the world in terms of service and quality, but I go with the desire to absorb the excessive amounts of alcohol in my body.It's not the healthiest fare, but it's warm, greasy and delicious... especially at 2am.I don't go to Mykonos every night after the bars, but when I don't, I generally lay in bed wishing I did.Mykonos is also great because everybody else embraces it's bar o'clock strengths. People there at 2am know how to have fun! I've had dance offs in line and witnessed a pushup contest on the sidewalk out front. Go there with a good attitude and an open mind!I recommend Gyros and French Fries.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,7/25/2011,21,177,1,7,5>Ja'Stacy is really, really yummy (forget about any diets when you walk through the door).  I almost always go for the smothered chicken, mashed potatoes with gravy, and greens.  Stick to your ribs delicious.  The service has always been outstanding, and I'm amazed that the waitstaff is so skinny given the amazing food they serve -- I'd be 300 pounds!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,7/24/2011,296,303,3,6,3>Get out here for brunch asap! Blue's Egg is really quite phenomenal. The menu has what I crave: Uniqueness!!! Thank you, Jesus!All kinds of different ethnicity's are represented in the food choices. And the presentation is totally hot! Execution, wonderful. My entree was the bees knees, creamy polenta with mushrooms, kale, poached eggs on top and a provolone cheese sauce. Now where the hell else can you get something like this for brunch?! Kale?! Polenta?! Yes, yes! I loved every bite. The hash browns will be one of the best if not THE best you will ever have. I want to go back and try them again, but get them stuffed with different options, they have several combinations on the menu. Also want to try their cocktails next time. Gotta love a place that's only open from 7am to 2pm and yet a full bar and bunch of specialty drinks ;)The ham is... ready for this? REAL HAM! Not the processed compacted round slice. It's a pile of fresh shredded goodness :) slap some Q on it and you have yourself some pulled pork!And you get FREE grapes for a stater! How cool is that? Even the grapes were damn good... chilled to perfection and burst in my mouth. FABULOUS. Can't wait to go back.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,7/23/2011,21,153,1,5,3>I became a certified scuba diver through this shop. The class was well organized and the water experience was well-instructed. I was nervous about having a "buddy" (to dive with) because I signed up for the class solo, but there was another solo learner in the class, so it worked out nice. I did not enjoy the "sand pit" water open water experience. I wish they could find another location. They also charged extra (I think it was $15) for the open water experience, which I think should be included in the cost of the certification.The shop itself is nice. I checked out their prices before buying, so I could compare them to other places. I found the items I was looking to buy were a good price at Underwater Connection and did purchase my mask, snorkel, and fins from this location.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2011,7/22/2011,155,417,3,8,4>I came here with my husband and a friend to watch the Pacquiao v. Mosley fight. We actually went to Fanatics first because it was the only place I could find that was showing it. We balked at the $20 cover fee and stood outside with a group of people, who also balked at the price, trying to find somewhere else. Damn, for just a little more, my husband and I could have bought the pay per view show ourselves in the comfort of our own home. Not cool, Fanatics. Luckily, another couple told us that Moct was showing the show for $5 and they were just around the corner. Moct to the rescue! They had two huge projection screens showing the fight, as well as one of the TVs over the bar. The other TV above the bar was showing a basketball game.We were there before any of the undercard fights and didn't get charged the $5. We really appreciated this and made up for it by getting several drinks throughout the night. It was also easy to tip really well because the service was great. Take note, Fanatics, this is the way to do it!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2011,7/20/2011,265,357,6,2,2>Nom Nom Nom Nom!!!  I was pac-woman in Original Pancake House!  We were seated immediately and I was able to take a good look around.. I loved the newness of the decor, and the cream city brick peaking out on some walls..  atmosphere was awesome, lotta people - very busy!  Our waitress was a sweetheart who was trying hard but she was very busy. Considering she was high school age and really working her butt off, she got a smile and a wink from me when she forgot to bring hot sauce and ketchup for my home-fries, and didn't bring us water when we asked for it.  She just needed to be reminded and I am a-ok with that. Why add the pressure by being a jerk?  The food:  Belgian waffle with whipped butter and syrupEggs Benedict with turkey sausage and home-fries with cheddar and onions. The home-fries win first place!  Hubby and I were both digging in and they give a pretty hefty portion.  My Eggs Benedict was good but I was a little OD'd on the Hollandaise sauce, just a tad too drenched for my liking.The Belgian waffle was fluffy and nummy and I loved it, although hubby says he is still in search of the perfect Belgian waffle - he is a fanatic about Belgian Waffles for some reason, still searching for that one that got away from him in Florida....
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,8/25/2013,104,296,4,4,3>Thank Heaven for little mollusks.  Well, in this case, super-sized ones.  12, to be exact...and some mussels...and some crab cakes...and some King Louie salad...and some french fries...and some carrot cake, chocolate sorbet topped with raspberry sauce on a meringue crisp, and salted caramel ice cream.  I was on a roll, well on my way to decadence.  There was no stopping the train.  I was in it for the long haul.  All cliché statements aside, this was by far one of the most rich (and I do not only mean the final tab at the end of the evening) dining experiences I have had in a long time.  Every bite was worth every button pressed on the cash register. The coarses shined brightly in every aspect, from presentation, to taste, to price. Service was 5-star in alignment with the awe-inspiring food. All as it should be and perfect.  I was in great company with my darling friend and my handsome husband.  With the view of Lake Michigan in the background, and a chilled bottle of Schramsberg Mirabelle Brut, this is the way I want to spend EVERY Thursday. Please.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,8/24/2013,55,380,6,9,5>Descriptive phrase: would you like some tour with your drunk?Oh goodness. Great Lakes Distillery, you sly dog. Katie K. and I have been meaning to come here for quite some time and finally dropped in on a Friday night. Located near the Iron Horse Hotel on the edge of Walker's Point, GLD is an unassuming building. But housed within is sheer alcoholic bliss.The main room holds a big, oval bar surrounded by smaller tables and a lounge/seating area. There's also a small gift shop with things you'd actually buy like flasks and liquor rather than generic shirts and pens. We were a bit early for the tour so we sat at the bar for a drink. I had the Sazerac Cocktail, made with their own rye whiskey, absinthe, sugar, and bitters. I've never had such an interesting whiskey drink before, but it was fantastic. You're even allowed to bring your cocktails down to the tour with you.The tour guide led us downstairs to the warehouse floor. Seriously, the operation is pretty much a warehouse with a bar, a still, and a bunch of barrels. There are no fancy pretenses. But our guide was great. He took us through the whole process and the differences between liquors themselves and the different brands of liquors. The tour itself is only around 15 minutes long, but it was entertaining. After the tour, and for an additional $5, you can stay at the warehouse bar to sample all of their spirits. Standing at a small table with water and pretzels, our guide walked us through each of their different products one by one explaining everything there was to the different tastes. We got to have a shot of each. BRING A DESIGNATED DRIVER. Even with water and pretzels, six shots of liquor in a 20 minute period will hit anyone. My personal favorite was the Roaring Dan Rum.Needless to say we had a great time. Well worth the small price, and it won't take up your whole night. I left with my own bottle of their Rehorst vodka. Don't be surprised if you do too.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,8/23/2013,148,281,3,7,5>What the Urban Ecology Center does is just amazing! Such a needed resource in the city. We were there for a wedding, and it makes a very nice venue as well. It was a fairly cozy atmosphere, but I think many of the guests enjoyed wandering around the building and the grounds just to see what this place is about. Although it was fairly chilly out, the area was abuzz with people working in the gardens and connecting to the Oak Leaf Trail.I used to live only a few blocks from here and honestly didn't even know it was here. :( I would have been there all. the. time. Now that I live farther away, I still think it'll be worth the trip to stop by to see what's going on.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,8/22/2013,66,118,4,8,6>Blue Jacket may be the new kid on the block, but they definitely know an opportunity when they see one. They are a force to be reckoned with and will soon make a name for themselves if they keep up their good work.After looking over their delicious, summer cocktail menu (with love from the folks at Bittercube), I selected the Sling of Sorts. It featured a Gamle Ode Dill Aquavit that gave the drink an almost savory taste which balanced the sweetness of the port. It was quite the variation on the Bloody Mary for me and I was an instant fan. The Lake Bluff Gimlet had a hint of lavender that was soothing and refreshing on a summer evening. That was also refreshing and enjoyable and I was especially pleased that nothing was overly sweet.My eyes got away with my stomach. With that being said, I got a little carried away with the brown food. Regardless, it was all delicious. First, a heaping bowl of rye crusted, fried Clock Shadow Creamery cheese curds. To my delight, they were not boiling lava hot but warm and creamy in a light breading. The horseradish dipping sauce was not overpowering and complimented the curds well. Next up was kettle chip battered smelt. In addition to this salty and crunchy bowl, fried orange slices were tossed into the mix with a harissa dipping sauce on the side. The fried orange with a bite of fish knocked it out of the park for me. It even made me forget about my fish phobia and what smelt really are all about. For the small plate "main course" I had the sauerkraut, pecorino and ricotta pancakes with applesauce, chive sour cream and smoked sausage. I enjoyed how the pancakes cut the starchiness out of the typical potato pancake and added a creamy tang to things. The homemade applesauce, chives and smoked sausage frosted that delicious cake.Against better judgement, I ordered dessert. My better judgement made me bring it all home for later in a takeout container. I know I would kick myself later if I missed out on cream puffs with grapefruit curd. If nothing else, it is my morning doughnut.I would also like to give a nod to the fact that they picked a neighborhood to keep on the radar adjacent to another popular Milwaukee restaurant and also serve food later (full menu until Midnight) to accommodate some of the off-duty chefs in the area. They need good food and drink too!The service was attentive and the general manager even made a point to see how everyone was enjoying the evening and asked about our first impressions. I would have to say, this made a great first impression with me. The food and drinks were fantastic. My suggestion for improvement would be to add a bit more green to the plates. I ordered a lot of brown food. I would have enjoyed a bite of greens on the plate to cleanse the palate or a bite of fresh vegetable just to make the transition between dishes. They do offer a salad and several dishes with vegetables, but I would have had to omit one of the dishes I did want to try or over-order in order to balance that out. Also, being my first trip here there was no way for me to anticipate this. There are plenty of dishes and cocktails on my "to do" list here. I will surely be back and recommend you check out this new gem in the Walker's Point area. I dined on the patio but the interior is beautiful with clean, modern decor and an extremely tidy and well-kept restroom. They are open late so I hope to be back for drinks and a bite, if not dinner as well.Secret squirrel tip: If you don't see a spot you like on the street, a little birdie told me the lot across the street is available for overflow parking for the restaurant as well.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,8/21/2013,73,288,3,8,6>If they say "Don't believe the hype", don't believe their hype. Anyone who rates this place less than 4 stars is nuts. The chef here is doing a great job trying to do something that's not only good, but also different. Feel privileged that great chef's like this one will grace us with such great food in the area.On to my dining experience.I walked in on Wednesday in the early afternoon with my wife and young daughter. We waited about two minutes for a table. The waitress sat us at the table and gave us a high chair with a broken buckle, we pointed this out to her and she was happy to change it out. What made me unhappy was the prude sitting next to us who gave us dirty looks for bringing a 9 month old into the restaurant. I'm sorry, we had a kid. Does that condemn us to McDonalds playland now?They brought us the menu and I was happy to know they served Alterra coffee here instead of whatever other crappy coffee they serve in other restaurants. We noticed one of the Wednesday specials was their monkey bread, and it was only $1. This is by far the best deal in the city, as this monkey bread was to die for. Sticky caramel on top with a soft cinnamonny center. Absolutely unbelievable, we ordered a second helping for after lunch.Maybe it was the subtle references to NYC that inhabit this restaurant, but I was really feeling the Egg Salad Sandwich. I was pleased to have a sammie packed with so much egg salad it dropped out the back. The egg salad is the best I had since ironically, the last time I was in NYC. The plate was also filled with their yummy fries. My wife had the Ratatouille omelet, which I was so intrigued by I grabbed a few bites and almost ordered a plate of it to go. Fantastic.I can't rave enough about the place, I only wished I wasn't such a night owl so I could be in the area more often for breakfast. In all honesty, I understand the lines for brunch here and I would have no problem waiting for a table here.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,8/20/2013,115,264,8,3,6>Here's the thing: I don't know shit about jazz. I really love 'Round Midnight by Miles Davis but that's where this dude's knowledge begins and ends. When I sit at Caroline's I feel like Boris Karloff in Frankenstein, yelling "IGNORANCE BAD! CULTURE GOOD!". This place is awesome though.  Live music all night, super friendly waitresses and one of the coolest vibes in town. The hulking bartender makes me feel like I stepped into a speakeasy and that man makes the best old fashioned I've ever had in my life.  The crowd is very diverse and there can at times be some spectacular people watching.  This is a great place to get the night off on the right foot.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,8/19/2013,97,180,5,6,5>Here's the problem with Ono Kine Grindz...If you get it to go and you don't live that close the smell of the succulent meats and food will permeate your car, tempting you with each block. You will find it impossible to resist just a little taste and then you'll be that girl at the stoplight nibbling on some Kalua Pork...but oh well, there are bigger problems in life. As everyone has reiterated OKG is the shit. I got the combo plate with the pork and chicken. Both the meats were so flavorful. And the sides of the (purple!) sticky rice, carrot slaw, and macaroni salad were all equally good. I'll be back, but it's probably going to be a better idea to dine in.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,8/18/2013,38,85,5,10,8>Oh my God, what a fun place!   If you are ever sitting around with your friends, boy/girlfriend, or family and your wondering "what are we going to do tonight?" and you can only come up with... bar, dinner, or movie.  Oh no!   Don't worry, your life doesn't have to suck.  Don't think, has "my life become boring, and why can't I do more fun great things at cool places???"Look no further than Splash to relieve you from the duldrums and routine, because this place is absolutely different and exceptional.There are two options....1) Stop in without a reservation for "mini-painting", but MAKE SURE there isn't a private corporate event that night, because they do a lot of these.  2) Sign up for a class and learn how to paint.  Haven't done this, but nothing will stop me because this looks like a lot of fun.Myself and my company were both in a funky mood when we came in, but both left in high spirits and much better than when we went in.  Was this what they call ART THERAPY???  Maybe they slipped some Prozac and Xanax into my Jack and Coke.  I have no other explanation.The music they play in upbeat, sing-along-able, and keeps the paintbrushes happy.I will be back.  GREAT date place.  It is places like this, Spin, and Koz's that keep great date nights alive and well in the greater MKE area.Three cheers for Splash.  Fellow Yelpers, keep this place in business.p.s.  You can even play the original Nintendo version of Super Mario Bros at the bar.  A little kitcschy, but I liked the touch.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,8/17/2013,296,303,2,5,5>I'd have to say pretty cool place! I like that it's locally owned by what looks like 2 very hard-working people. Was a tad bit surprised to pay $16 for the repair of 2 missing buttons from my boot (2 different buttons that weren't exact - but I bet NO ONE notices :) but, he did polish up my boots nice and even gave me a can of silver metallic spray for another pair of shoes when I dropped of my boots. Really nice of him.I'd go back and recommend it most definitely!
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,8/16/2013,190,251,,6,3>I bought sushi grade tuna. It was good quality. They sell nori, wasabi, etc. in case you are in need of ingredients while you are buying fish. I also bought some mussels. They were fresh and I didn't have to throw any out.I know of a few restaurants in Milwaukee that order from them so you know this place is legit. They close at 6pm on weekdays and are not open on Sundays so keep that in mind if you are cooking during the week.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,3/5/2014,71,160,1,9,5>Truthfully, my husband and I were on our way to Pho 27 when we realized it was closed. Bummer. But since we were on our way to Pacific Produce, we thought we'd give Pho Viet a try and it did not disappoint.True, the ambiance leaves a lot to be desired, but when I'm heading to a place like this, I'm all about the taste of the food and the cleanliness of the place. Overall it was a pretty clean place, the service left a little to be desired, but they were quick, so no real complaints.Onto the food. Well we ordered about one of everything as we were starving... a bahn mi to share, spring rolls, a porkchop rice dish, and a traditional pho. The spring rolls were good, very fresh, crispy, and nice dipping sauce - not greasy. I'd say slightly pricy for an order in my opinion, but I'd probably pay for them again, so I guess I can't complain. The best part of the bahn mi would have to be the bread. So crusty and fresh, it definitely made it. I thought it could have used a bit more either more meat in the sandwich or more seasoning/sauce or something. It was lacking a little something, but since I had fish sauce from my entree, I just used that and made it slightly more flavorfulMy 4 stars mainly come from my rice dish. I can't remember which one I ordered, but it was the one with pork chops and a fried egg. The pork chops were so deliciously seasoned, perfectly cooked and not dry at all. The fried egg could have been just a little less done, but certainly nothing to complain much about. My husband got the traditional pho. He said it was pretty good, but not the best he's had. He tends to like broths that contain more spices/nontraditional flavors, but otherwise he said he'd definitely eat there again.This place also has Bubble Tea which is awesome, although I didn't try it. I did notice a lot of people ordering it, so I assume it must be pretty good. I'll definitely have to come back and try some other items off their menu.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,3/4/2014,41,168,3,9,5>My eyes have been opened to a whole new world of soup amazingness. Pros:- Fire Roasted Red Pepper Bisque - a creamy soup with a little zing to it. In the center is a ball of rice, covered in some type of cheese or sour cream? I couldn't put my finger on it, but it was amazing. - That bread.... Warm, soft, "doughy", incredible. - Diverse, changing menu - every day is something new!Cons:- Small interior - 4 tables - about 13 max can be seated at one time. Get here before noon to beat the rush or take it to go. - Accepts credit cards, but you'll be charged a 2.75% increase - so bring cash!You can park next door at the Philly Way (on 2nd street, same corner). Seriously. You must eat here.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2013,3/3/2014,55,380,1,12,7>Descriptive phrase: simple southern comfort food, to-go.I heard a new breakfast and lunch place opened up in the basement of the odd 770 Jefferson St building next to another downtown-lunchtime favorite and I had to check it out. On Christmas Eve at lunchtime, the other place is closed but Chic Cafe not only is open and smelling delicious but has gathered a small yet enthusiastic crowd.The owners have transformed the space beautifully. The seating is still the odd basement cafeteria, but the restaurant area has been remodeled to use bright lights to show off the gleaming food area, counter space, and wall cut-out to the kitchen. The chef and line servers were all dressed-to-impress and look better suited for a nice sit-down than a cafeteria take-out. They also made you feel right at home, welcoming me in and offering me up a sample of "the best mac'n'cheese in Milwaukee." I'll admit, it was good.I was drawn in by the food on display. There are three large flat-screen TVs showing a relatively extensive menu, but you're better off talking with the guys there or looking at the food itself. This day they offered a lunch special consisting of sliced turkey breast and gravy, and with side options such as mashed sweet potatoes, cheesy grits, collard greens with turkey, and the mac'n'cheese. They also had fresh-made jalapeño cornbread. Chic Cafe, with its Southern flair, brings a unique style of food to the area, which is always a good thing.While I was browsing the chef told me he also could make me a grilled Cajun-chicken sandwich not shown ($8.45). I jumped at it. He went right in back and grilled me up one fresh; I could see him through the wall cut-out. I took it to go back home, and it was worth the wait once I finally opened the container.Next to a sizable portion of thick-cut fries was the sandwich, open-face at this point. One half had the chicken breast and a few pieces of crisp bacon, the other half had fresh tomato slices, cheddar cheese, lettuce, and a tangy Cajun sauce. I slapped those two halves together and enjoyed the well-cooked and thick chicken sandwich. Even with so many ingredients I didn't feel overwhelmed and all of the flavors bled through. The fries were also crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside, very good if in need of a bit of salt.For just opening up, Chic Cafe appears to already have a lot of the kinks worked out; at least in the food department. I greatly enjoyed my chicken sandwich, and felt the atmosphere was warm and inviting. Add Chic Cafe to the list of quick-lunch downtown eateries worth visiting.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,3/2/2014,25,71,3,18,12>We were tooling down State street today and by happenstance we took a slightly different route than usual and saw this little shanty billowing out BBQ smoke. Never have I seen my husband so quickly lurch to such a sudden stop, make a big U turn across a parking lot to check out this little smoke shack. Being huge BBQ fans, we were naturally excited. Real wood smoke, piggie sign, piggie string lights, and a jolly pitmaster handing us bits of sausage and cornbread to taste while he waited for our ribs. This is the REAL DEAL. Milwaukee needs this place.Them ribs were good, damn good. Smoke flavor through and through, soft, delicious rub and not overly sauced. Our full rack of ribs came with a purple cabbage slaw and jalapeno corn bread (which passed the baby test as well!). We also tasted the sausage - a hint of spice but oh so nice. There were also jugs of sweet tea dispensers at the window - that's doin it right! This place fills a deep void for us - real down to earth, no frills, delicious, smoked with love.LOVES:The QUE The piggie lightsThe location - literally walking distance/2 min drive for usWould like to see:More menu options like brisket, chicken - I know I want too much but there's so much potential hereMaybe a little more corn bread included with a full rack of ribsIn the summer - picnic table and string lightsIf I could give 4.5 stars I would, I think it will rapidly head into 5 star territory, can't wait to go back!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,3/1/2014,87,301,1,12,4>A friend of mine raves about Bikram yoga, so when my husband recently persuaded me to buy the Living Social deal for five classes here, I figured it was worth a try.  I've never been particularly skilled at yoga, and I wasn't entirely sure what to expect, so I was a bit hesitant -- but Hot Yoga Milwaukee was a nice surprise.First off, it's hot.  No, really.  It doesn't matter to me if Arizona is your favorite vacation spot -- this is Milwaukee, and this room is hot.  So don't underestimate that -- drink lots and lots of water beforehand and avoid food.  For the classes I attended, it seemed like there were maybe 30-35 individuals participating, spread throughout the room.  Bring your mat and towel or rent/buy them in the lobby area.Beyond that, the staff members are really friendly.  I interacted with a few different instructors, and each was pleasant and welcoming.  I appreciated their willingness to give subtle feedback on poses while teaching the class.  If you need to take a break, it's totally not awkward to pause for a moment (or five).  The studio seemed really clean to me as well.  I'm a recovering germaphobe (thanks, Mom) so it's not really my thing to walk around a fitness area and locker room barefoot, but the facilities seemed well-maintained.  Perhaps the only downside is that the locker room is pretty small, so when you're trying to use it particularly when another class is getting ready to begin, it's a little challenging to find your own space.  Parking can also be a little iffy, but I found it easy enough to snag a street spot in the Beerline B neighborhood.Overall, I really like this place.  Classes are $18 each, but there are lots of package options if you plan to go repeatedly.  This might become my go-to place once the outside temps regularly dip below freezing.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,2/28/2014,65,155,3,9,7>I would come here just for the cornbread and orange butter. I've never left without getting a refill. Like seriously... just the butter, please.The rest of the fare is pretty dang fabulous. The wings are untouchable - big, juicy, breaded and with a kick. Solid, solid wing option. (Come on Tuesday - the wings are half priced.)Get the grits. I'm a grits girl, and I can't keep my mitts off them when we come here. Rich, buttery goodness covered in some tasso sauce. Hells yes.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,2/27/2014,61,283,5,9,4>Yum Yum seems like the perfect name for this place.  Placed my order online for delivery and it was prompt and friendly service.  Everything was wrapped to stay warm and packaged nicely.Excellent and very veggie filled tabbouleh.  Loved the hummus which came with plenty of pita bread.  I highly suggest the schawarma (we had the chicken sandwich)  It was awesome.  The falafel sandwich was good but I prefer mine warm and this was served cold. We received so much food for only $20 dollars and everything was good.  I literally wanted to rub my pregnant belly and just keep saying "yum yum" over and over again.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,2/26/2014,185,276,19,11,13>You're on a mission and you're wishin'Someone could solve your clothing conditionLookin' for shirts in all the wrong placesNo fine shoes just ugly shoe lacesFrom frustration, first inclinationIs to become a monk and leave the situationBut every dark tunnel has a light of hopeThis Goodwill location is totally dope!Stuff for the kitchen, now you're wishin'Make food disappear like you a magicianClothes on racks, oh so many rowsTons of space, don't hit your elbowsFrom plaid to green to Orange (day-glo)Got every color of the entire rainbowFind a tag that's yellow, you says "Hello!"Saving money like you'se a thrifty fellowYou run to checkout without a second to loseAnd what comes next? More cash for booze!If you want it, you got itIf you want it, baby you got it (More cash for booze!)If you want it, you got itIf you want it, baby you got itYeah
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,2/25/2014,124,96,,8,3>One word sums up my experience.  Flawless.  I had one of the best meals ever here. The service was out of this world.  I seriously felt like a princess.  I was at harbor house for my birthday. They went out of the way to make me have an incredible time. Bravo Harbor House...bravo.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,2/24/2014,12,92,1,11,5>Went in here over the weekend since it's in our neck of the woods and we have pets. For being in a small space they make good use of it. All of their food seems to be made in the U.S. or Canada which is important to me with the recent pet treat recalls and with Fromm being a local company I like supporting them too. I like that in addition to carrying Fromm dog food they have their cat food which I'm planning on switching too after finishing up the last of the Blue Buffalo we have. The staff was friendly, helpful and asked us questions about our pets that showed they had an actual interest not the coldness warehouse feel you get at the big box stores.  Their prices are reasonable and yes that means you have to pay a little bit more for treats/food, but you either pay a couple $'s more for treats or you drop a fortune at the vet or worse. Glad to have them in the area and on the way home from work.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2013,4/14/2014,181,369,3,5,5>Oh Henry Maier Festival - how do you not have a review?We in the MKE are so lucky to have such a great venue/park along the shores of Lake Michigan for some of the greatest ethnic Festivals in the country!Sure there have been some complaints about crowding and layout recently... but in my mind it's all minor.  I have many many great memories and many, many un-memories of great shows, fireworks, food and just plain ol' fashioned fun!
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,4/13/2014,11,49,,6,3>As much as I love MYyoMy ,  Yo Mama! blew me away with your fro yo.  Officially the Best Tasting frozen yogurt in the 414
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,4/12/2014,66,118,,7,5>I take pride in treating my pets well. With that being said, I often seek out the advice and experience of experts to guide or support my choices. Whether seeking out food options for a special need pet or picking out the perfect toy to keep my furry friends mentally sharp, Natural Pet in Bay View has been the best choice. The staff is knowledgeable and will help with questions. They are more than happy to share their experiences with the products, provide various options or samples to make sure you and your pet are happy. The store appears small, but always has what I am looking for. Everything is clean and organized to boot, despite the fact that pets are welcomed (and often encouraged) to visit.Natural Pet offers a variety of high quality food choices. They note which brands issue recall notices and once they are on the list, they drop the brand. They explained that once there is a recall, the chances for another rises exponentially, so they prefer to err on the side of caution. They also have a frequent buyer's club for several of the brands.Win the favor of your furry friend with a surprise from the toy section. Just as they take great care in selecting foods, their toys are also well made and safe. Some of the toy brands they carry even offer lifetime guarantees if you want/need something more durable. For other activities, they an authorized registration point for Milwaukee's Dog Park licenses. Having someone I can trust that is knowledgeable and shows the same care for my "fur babies" is refreshing and the new standard.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,4/11/2014,62,119,,6,5>Ulta Beauty has and will always be my go to place to get Fabulous. Previous to this one opening up I would make special trips out to brookfield just to score my favorite cosmetics. Needless to say now that i have my favorite beauty candystore within miles of my house my wallet is in serious trouble! Let me tell you what you will find here :Prestige Brands like my favoites: Urban Decay, Benefit, Bare Minerals, Too Faced Etc Etc Etc also you will find every drug store brand you can think of Think covergirl, loreal paris etc if your into that. Plus they have a full service Hair Salon! As well as aisle of shampoo - hair product. Redken Matrix Big Sexy Hair, Tigi etc!!! Really any beauty need you can think of they have it and honestly ladies they always have the best prices and great incentives on the loyalty card. LIke I just scored 20% off as many prestige brands i wanted for Friends and Family thats unheard of! Anyway Ultra is ridiculous now you know my secrets i get my beauty tools here!
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,4/10/2014,40,58,2,7,6>Maybe it's because I'm still sort of new to Milwaukee, but I am bedazzled by these Bay View bars with good beer on tap for ~$3 a pint. Or less. The dive bars I'm used to in other places typically don't offer more than Bud/Miller Lite.You won't blow through an entire paycheck drinking here. I learned on Saturday that Franky's is also one of a handful of dog-friendly bars in Bay View (as in, I sat next to a dog at the bar. A very friendly husky.) The crowd always seems to be a mix of people; not just 20-something hipsters or cliques of old work buddies. Franky's has fast become one of my standby bars in Bay View and one of my favorites off the beaten (KK) path.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,4/9/2014,14,122,1,8,5>My favorite spot for hookah supplies. Shiraz always has the best shisha and hookahs at a reasonable price. He carries in stock just the items that i like. This establishment was the first one that went to when i started hookah. No there are others popping up. None like this one. You have knuckleheads which is down the street which isnt bad at all either. There is one in west allis near the fair grounds. I have heard of recent there have been a couple pop up on the north side near capital drive.The owner of Shiraz is a smoker himself so he will give you good information. He is a very kind guy and doesnt have a problem sparking up a conversation. I know traveling to the east side just for hookah stuff might not the best option for people, however it is worth  it with he quality items and middle eastern items that you can find. Wall of hookahs, supplies, middle eastern foods and drinks.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,4/8/2014,85,224,3,7,5>Let's see here, dairy? Check. Meat, check. Seafood, check. Bakery, check. Deli, check. Great produce, check. Flowers, check. Beer and wine, check. Cheese? DOUBLE check!This location has been a food market for a long time. When I moved to Germantown about a hundred years ago, this building was a failed grocery franchise. Since then, I have watched this storefront change names and appearances. Overall, I always thought that an upscale market would do well here, offering premium products and a level of service not offered by Pick 'n' Save. (The Pick 'n' Save opened just shortly after I moved here.)Jewel built a nice store in this location, but to me, it was just another grocer. When Jewel decided to pull out of Wisconsin, they sold all their locations to Roundy's, the parent of Pick 'n' Save. With another Pick 'n' Save located about a quarter mile away, this location was superfluous and was immediately closed. (Because Jewel was based out of Chicago, it was an outlet for Illinois Toll Road services, which I miss.)I was pleased to learn that Sendik's decided to locate here! In addition to the upscale product lines that Sendik's is known for, they also carry lower price lines, making Sendik's a very competitive grocer.They have one of the best selections of wine and beer in the area, including beer from Wisconsin's best microbreweries. Except, sadly, they do not carry Rhinelander Shorties.The dairy carries high end products from Oberweiss as well as the Sendik's private label. There is a wide selection of coffees and teas. The meat department, bakery, and deli are second to none. The cheese counter is really a cheese store within a store.An extension of the deli is the hot bar, a cafeteria-style selection of main dishes available for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Although a bit on the pricey side, the hot bar is a chance to pick up dinner along with necessary groceries on your way home from work.A Model T Ford huckster wagon resides in the produce department and is the central location for bananas.This is one of my favorite food stops. the store is large enough to carry everything I need, but small enough that I can run in to pick up one or two items.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,4/7/2014,70,78,3,9,8>Mmmm, BEER! What's not to enjoy sitting in the sun with strangers drinking a liter of German beer while listening to a polka band?! What a country!! Be sure to grab a giant pretzel, it makes a great sponge to soak up the beer in your gut. Recent updates include double the seating, remodeled bathrooms & a second counter for beer service located on the South side.Arrive early on the weekends for best seating as it gets packed. Predominately families on Saturday & Sunday afternoons. Lots of doggies, bring your critter! Be sure to take a walk over to the river, about 200' west of the venue. Bring your own liter / .5 liter stein if you have one.I cant wait for the reopening in 2014, I enjoy doing liter curls on the weekends!
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,4/6/2014,73,141,3,8,7>All sorts of good things happening up in here!  If you ever are in Brookfield (and I understand if you never are), this is the place to go.  Farm fresh food, perfect service, and really nice atmosphere.  I had the braised short rib sandwich.  It was soooo good.  I went with "vegetables" as my side, and to my pleasure a great brussel sprout dish was provided.  i could have had a mountain of that for my meal!  and do yourself a favor and have a cup of their chicken dumpling soup. My counterpart had the veggie risotto and added a chicken breast to it.  I sampled it, and it was great too. Hidden gem.  yes.  It is a short drive from mayfair, so maybe if you are there (and i understand if you never are), swing west on North Ave and check this place out.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,4/5/2014,43,106,,9,6>By far one of the best new brunches in Milwaukee. Great patio without the wait, great service, fantastic pomegranate mimosas and arguably the best French toast in town!The morning after my wedding a dozen of us decided upon brunch with all the usual places in mind...Benelux, Wicked Hop, Trocadero, etc...all of which had the usual 45-60min wait for Sunday Brunch around noon. Nonetheless I walked down the block to B&T and asked if I could have space for 12 on the patio and they said sure and there was no wait...they shuffled a few tables and quickly brought out the first round of drinks. The food was AMAZING and no short of gut-busting. Do yourself a favor and order your entree and split the French toast with someone or you'll regret it. We ended up having 4 French toast orders on top of the other 12 entrees we ordered and needless to say everyone was extremely satisfied. Note the Door Co. Cherry stuffed French toast was equally amazing!!Top three brunch choices:1. French Toast2. The Outdoorsman Poutine3. Huevos Rancheros
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,5/24/2012,280,856,5,6,7>THE BUILDING THAT SAMSON & DELILAH OCCUPIES HAS BEEN A SALON OF SOME INCARNATION FOR MORE THAN FIFTY YEARS. Can you image the amount of gossip that's been slung in here in that time?GOT: A haircut by master stylist Jamie for $35. I'm really happy with her work. Jamie is a master of conversation as well. Topics included: Alterra coffee, Ryan Braun, Up North latitude dividing line, quitting smoking, Amtrak and Great Clips.END HITS: Complimentary coffee. Current magazines, although lack of men's magazine selection. Nice iPod mix.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,5/23/2012,135,158,2,3,2>This place is one of the best on the east side.  If you are going for your first time or a repeat you can be confident that your experience will be great.  They know how to do it right here.  They are very clean, affordable, and have the latest colors and products.  Also if you have questions about anything they have a very knowledgeable staff.  Venetian is located on the corner of Brady and Oakland in the strip mall.  The parking is always packed after 5 but during the day it is okay.  They offer walk in service so if you have to wait there is plenty of seating.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,5/22/2012,28,102,7,5,5>I heart this place so much. I like its old school charm. I like the stupid pictures on the wall. I like that you can choose a booth, a table or sit at the counter. 'Bout the only thing I don't like is their parking lot, which is easily avoided by parking on the street. It wasn't until about 10 years ago that I even considered trying corned beef, because I associated it with the nasty, thinly-sliced, slimy lunch meat I had when I was little. I had never eaten matzo ball soup before then either. Now, they're sort of like comfort food for me.The classic Rueben? If it were any more awesome it would wear shades, ride a sweet bike and steal your girlfriend. The matzo ball soup is delightful and contains a healthy dose of insta-happiness. Nothing ties this all together better than a can of Dr. Brown's cream soda. Heck, order another for the road while you're at it.Don't like corned beef? Well then get the turkey pastrami! AND NOW I'M YELLING AT YOU! Why?! BECAUSE IT'S THAT GOOD!Benji's also has breakfast items, which means their perfect corned beef is used to make some excellent hash. I highly recommend giving it a try. It's full of yum and not greasy at all. So seriously, try this place just once. You might like it. Eh, you might not. I don't know. If you want to debate the validity of it being a real deli, there's a special seat for you. It's in your car in the parking lot. Hey-o! Go sit there and be quiet while the rest of us fill up on tasty food.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,5/21/2012,49,72,2,3,2>Just came home from the family get together for my husband's birthday. We ordered a carrot cake and a vegan blueberry pie ahead of time. O.M.G. I didn't try the carrot cake, but everyone raved including his cousin who really isn't into carrot cake. It does fall apart easily, but who cares that is one big yummy cake (three layers and lots of frosting)! I ate the blueberry streussel pie though... the first time I've had one of their pies and I'm in LOVE. Best. Pie. EVER. Eat with some vegan vanilla ice cream and you have Heaven on a plate. Since I wasn't having carrot cake I bought the cappuccino cupcake (the only vegan option at the time we picked up our order) and it was super sweet but super good. I love how much frosting is on their cupcakes, if you're not a frosting fan just take some of it off. Again, Honey Pie has made me oh so happy! I think I have an obsession here. :-P---
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,5/20/2012,69,73,6,10,5>A few days ago, I read a review on Yelp about this place, then somehow it disappeared. Thankfully I remembered the name and a snapshot of a steaming bowl of pho, and with the help of a few Hmong websites and Google Maps, had an awesome adventure at Phongsavan, "Milwaukee's Asian Market" today.Located in a nondescript pink and white cement-block square warehouse in a dingy strip of Milwaukee's north side, this Asian market is there for you in your time of bubble tea, pho, and kung fu DVD need. Like the fabled wardrobe into Narnia, this place is WAY bigger than it looks from outside. About 15 vendors have their own little spaces, or stalls, and you have to travel through tables filled with bundled herbs, violent Thai movies, and bolts of vibrant shiny fabric used in traditional Hmong costumes before you start smelling cooked food. Two food stands face each other with a super-fresh produce area between. The pho comes in small or large, in "regular" or "special". The regular has well-done beef slices, tripe, and meatballs, while the "special" adds tail-on shrimp, crab stix and chewy, gross cartilage-y chunks, and very delicious pork belly slices with a weird little bone bit. I usually prefer a thicker rice noodle, but the thinner ones here are fine. The broth was darker in color than I am used to, but extremely beefy and helpful to one's general malaise. On each of the 4 tables is a large selection of sauces, including the usual hoisin, sriracha, fish sauce and oily chile paste, along with a green spicy pickle, chopped roasted peanuts, and thick, sweet, black soy sauce. Thai basil, mung bean sprouts, VERY spicy sliced jalapenos and lemon (instead of he more expected lime) wedges came alongside.So, it was great. I had the small combo, which was $6.99 and I couldn't finish it. Mostly because I was carefully working around the tripe and other odd items. Maybe I am a wuss, judge me not. Across the way is "Sister Cafe", which offers $4 banh mi, BBQ pork spring rolls with great peanut sauce (although the meat had a gamier taste than I was expecting). I also got two fried sesame balls, which I have had elsewhere and are usually filled with a sweet bean paste. These however, were stuffed with an extremely terrific gingery ground pork mixture that I am eating right now. I strongly urge you to eat about one million of these, in addition to the same amount of the crispy, greasy-good fried strips of taro and/or banana. OH YES PLEASE.There is also a vendor that sells plants, a dry-goods grocery, a cellphone nook, and a very pleasant, very short lady doing intricate embroidery in the aisle, but she is not in your way. At all.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,5/19/2012,50,106,6,9,9>Fish Fry Review:In the old Long Wong's location, the owners of J&B have done a great job of cleaning the place up and providing Milwaukee another great bar to hang out with friends or before a Brewers game.All street parking and there is plenty of it available.  The bar now has more of an open concept and updated look.  I didn't get a chance to look at the backroom but it looked like they still have the bowling, pool tables, etc.For appetizers they have mozzarella sticks (wrapped in a wonton wrapper), potato skins, quesadillas, nachos, chicken strips, onion rings, fresh cut fries (regular or cajun), and unbreaded wings.  For entrees they have make your own burger or chicken breast - a plus is that they offer a fried egg as an extra, a club wrap, a hummus wrap, hot dogs, and brats.On Wednesday and Fridays they will have a Fish Fry and a fish sandwich.  Since they just opened the kitchen, they are currently only offering a 4 piece Pabst battered cod with coleslaw, fresh cut fries, and rye bread with butter for $8.50.  Down the line they plan will have lake perch.We started off with the mozzarella sticks and potato skins.   I was very happy with our selections.  They were served fresh and hot. 3 of us then got the fish fry and the 4th got the chicken sandwich.  I of course got the fish fry.Since the beginning of lent I have had now 6 frys under my belt and this would have to rank right up there with McBobs as one of my favorites of the season.  Fresh cut fries are my second favorite after crinkle cut fries for a fish fry.  The coleslaw had a nice balance and the fish...let's just say I would pay a few dollars extra to make it an you can eat and be in heaven.  It had the perfect amount of batter that was crispy that kept the fish flaky and tasty.If you are tired of going to the same old fish fry all the time and want to try a new place, put J&B's on your list.  I promise you, you won't be disappointed.  I would swear a PBR on it.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2011,5/18/2012,34,30,3,6,5>There are some places in Milwaukee that I consider staples. Neighborhood places I know I can always go for a great drink and a great meal. Nestled on a side street in Riverwest, this is one of those places.The drinks specials are solid, the wine is decent, the beers are a good selection and they have a good selection of whisk(e)ys. The standard food is solid and really good (mostly sandwiches). I claim their artichoke dip is THE BEST in the entire City of Milwaukee. But I don't go here for the sammies, I go here for the daily special.If you don't get there before 8pm, the daily entree special is usually gone. It is never a sandwich, but it is always good, as are their desserts and soups. When I drafted this, I had a meatball and pasta dinner, with (of course) the artichoke dip as a starter. Any restaurant that makes a killer meatball knows how to mix up some meats and spices, which I have much respect for.Go and plan to spend a few hours sampling with friends.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,5/17/2012,58,50,4,3,3>$8 pitcher of beer? Si, por favor.Tuesday night all you can eat crab legs? I wish I was a fan, but the rest of the restaurant was! From the looks of it the AYCE crab legs must have been DELISH because I've never seen so many.... crab legs!Fish fry was ok. I know? A fish fry on a Tuesday? Someone had to take care of a craving. It was good, not the best, but it did the job. I had gone here for previous Packer games too. It is a riot. Its PACKED if you don't show up early! But the beer is flowing & the service is great!
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2012,5/16/2012,41,166,7,4,5>Talk about a bar where anyone can come and just hang out.Quick list of things I loved about the place:*Dark*walls full crap (ratio of wall coverage has to be higher than Shenanigan's by my estimations)*dog with bandanna walking around with no apparent owner (he/she was well groomed, I pet it twice, my hand did not smell like dog afterwards).*barkeep had a strong opinion against Robinade which could also be considered a negative about the bar if you love the sugar-water in a bottle*variety of folks drinking, guffawing, and thoroughly enjoying themselvesIn case you cared and didn't want to Google it yourself, Thurman Munson never did play for the Milwaukee Brewers.  He was a Yankee for life.  Tragic story, that of Thurman Munson.  Cheers one to him while you're there.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,5/15/2012,0,253,10,6,5>I definitely have to give an updated review.  After a few more stops in, I have definitely become a fan.  The girls at the registers are always friendly, my order has always been correct, and the wings always satisfy the craving I am having. I am always a big fan of businesses that interact with me on Social Media.  I like to think that me and who ever is behind @WingStopMKE are almost BFF!  I was the winner of a family pack of wings a few weeks back, and they talked me down off the ledge this past week when they were out of baked beans! Definitely happy to have them in the neighborhood!
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,12/14/2013,38,241,2,7,4>I cannot believe I never even drove passed this place before?!  We stopped in for an anniversary dinner, and this was the best meal I have ever had.  We started with the duck-fat fries, which turned out to be pretty gratuitous, considering the amount of food that came soon after.  I ordered the porterhouse and my wife had the medallions.  I had a hot-bacon salad and my wife had the crab bisque.  Both were very good.  As for the meal, my wife had mashed and I had broccoli (I had to have something healthy besides the olives in my drink).  The steaks were cooked perfectly, and the au jus was out of this world.  Each steak came with soup or salad and a giant portabella mushroom cap.  We ate as much as we could, and we still had another meal after.  The service was friendly, well-paced, and not at all stuffy.  The old-fashions were very good.  Considering everything a meal comes with, this place is very reasonable priced.  If you like supper-clubs, steaks, hidden gems, or a great place to take someone not-from-around-here, you have to try this place.  I can't wait to go back, and next time I think I want to eat at the bar.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,12/13/2013,28,118,5,7,5>I am happy to see that some of my fellow Yelpers gave this place a bold 5 stars right out of the gate.  I'm not quite there yet...but I have no doubts I will be in good time.  A group of 15 of us came here for dinner last night to celebrate 3 birthdays.  We were easily accommodated.  Upon arrival, we all marveled at the very fun atmosphere - brightly colored walls and tons of Dia de los Muertes-type artwork.  Fun!  We started with drinks at the bar, and at the bartender's suggestion I made the unorthodox choice of a pina colada.  It was quite delicious.  We moved on to our tables and had ample servings of chips and salsa (two kinds) that were also quite good.  So good, that many of us ate too many of them and spoiled our dinner appetite.  If only our moms had been there to forewarn us!  The menu had a diverse array of selections.  While they do offer the standard fare of tacos, enchiladas and such, there is also an expansive selection of more upscale items.  I had the Mole Del Dia, which on this day was a poblano variety.  It was great, and had a nice little kick to it.  Everyone sitting near me really enjoyed their entrees, too.  The only glitch we experienced was some mass confusion on the part of the servers when our food came out. But hey - they just opened and we were a massive group.  We can cut them a little slack.  This place has something different to offer than most of our 5th Street Mexican joints...I hope the word gets out and their business thrives!  P.S.  All of the bartenders and servers are easy on the eyes, too - an added bonus.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,12/12/2013,117,277,,10,5>This place is just wonderful. Quaint, cozy, exceptional food and even better service. My husband and I wanted to try a new spot for breakfast, and One Way Cafe popped up as the best rated near our location. I have been through Tosa Village a thousand times, and somehow, I never knew this little gem was here. Tucked away behind a hardware store, there is ample parking and a storefront with a few tables outside. The breakfast menu is small, but with plenty of variety. Both the portions and the price are small - which I enjoy. I don't feel the need to stuff myself with twelve pancakes plus bacon plus eggs plus toast plus hashbrowns. Blech. I ordered the strawberry crepes - which come with two in an order, for about six bucks. All food is made right behind the pastry counter, on two tiny burners. My crepes were delicate with crispy edges, with sweet tangy strawberries and delicious dollops of real whipped cream. My husband's quiche of the day was also delicious. Tomatoes and spinach and feta with a side of fresh fruit. My son loved his french toast, and there were plenty of toys and things for him to color so that my mister and I could enjoy our breakfast. We've recommended this spot to three of our friends, and gotten great feedback all around. The lunch menu looked delicious as well - we will be back soon to try it out :)
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,12/11/2013,84,156,,6,4>I've eaten here twice. Once I had the Chicken Mole, which was delicious and I had corn tortillas, which were warm and perfect. The second time I had the nachos, which, were a little too cheesy, though still delicious with the shredded chicken. I also had horchata, which was perfect. Not to sweet, not too bland.They offer the traditional salsa and chips, with warm chips - I think they're homemade - and home made salsa.Portions here are extremely large. Both of my visits here were immediate seating with extremely fast and friendly service. The first time I was here, there was a table full of Milwaukee PD. I figure that they probably know all of the good places:) They could eat anywhere and they chose El Senorial.I really recommend this place, it's not mexican like "Chipotle" or "Qdoba".
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,12/10/2013,26,85,,3,3>I adopted a 3 y/o cat from the WI Humane Society and because of the free associated initial vet visit, decided to bring him in for a general exam. The office is lovely, with a super friendly staff cat roaming around and other kitties available for adoption, different pet foods, toys, and reading material. The staff were great and throughout my visits there, I have met 3 different vets who have all treated my cat so kindly and been thoroughly helpful in explanations. I think the key thing here is to always ask questions, re: tests, exams, prices, etc. The initial visit was fine. But the 5 stars really goes for the aftermath. My cat started to exhibit coughing/sneezing/pink eye and me being the new cat owner, freaked out, and called them as soon as the office opened. They  were so kind enough to squeeze me in for a sick visit within the hour. They are also helpful and accommodating towards newbie owners when phoning in to ask random questions. We are in the process of moving and during our last visit, the vet gave us recommendations on vets in our new location. Overall, I have had a very positive experience and would recommend Dr. Christensen and her staff to any cat owner looking for a vet.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,12/9/2013,71,160,,8,1>So I found this place after reading MilMag's cheap eats issue and decided I had to try this place out. They don't have a website, so I had to rely on pictures taken by others to make my takeout order.We started with the satay which was pretty standard, with a great peanut sauce. I also ordered a spring roll, which was perfectly fried. In fact, when I went to pick up my order, I had to wait a couple of minutes, and watched her pack up my spring roll off the frier - perfectly hot, crispy, and delicious.I ordered the Pad Seuw and was not disappointed. It had wonderfully cooked thick rice noodles with tender beef, egg, and some veggies. The soy based sauce they used to cook it in however was the best part and had a great flavor. We also ordered a red curry (I can't remember which), with pork. It was so good.Although not necessarily in the best neighborhood and the interior leaves a little bit to be desired, the food is so good, I could care less. If that's important to you, just order it to go and enjoy it at home as I do. I can't wait to go back and get more takeout from this place!
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,12/8/2013,46,26,,4,4>Love me some sushi, and love me some Fushimi! This place is great. All you can eat sushi and buffet for a pretty decent price! Ordered four rolls, the Volcano roll was my favorite, a little spicy. The service was great, our server was very attentive to our table. The featured drink was delicious, tasted like a Star-burst and was also low cal! I will be back often to this sushi joint!
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,12/7/2013,66,118,3,5,3>This is a suburban sushi success story.I'll admit - I was skeptical about strip mall, Menomonee Falls sushi. After several friends stopped in and had good things to say, I decided to check it out for myself.I dined during the lunch hour so I opted for one of the special: 5 pieces of Chef's Nigiri served with house salad (with ginger dressing) and miso soup. As usual, I also had a cup of hot tea. Everything was also priced reasonably at $11.00. Alternatively, I could have ordered two rolls for $9.00 or three rolls for $11.00. I did not want to bite off more than I could chew, but that seems like a great choice when dining with a friend.The soup, salad and tea arrived promptly. The entree was not far behind. Dishes were cleared very quickly and everything looked and tasted delicious. One of my "chef's choice" pieces of nigiri had a slight bite but the rest were rich and creamy. The quality was impressive and rivaled most "city" sushi joints.The decor was clean and modern. It made me forget I was in a strip mall, unlike some decorating schemes on similar establishments. I also noted the smell. This restaurant lacked that tempura deep-fry aroma that permeates everything you love and that was one of my favorite features. I even left noting that my clothes did not smell of cooking at all and I could not be more pleased.I did notice that I was still in the 'burbs. Most of the other guests brought their families. Some of the children were not on their best behavior and also were quite messy (throwing trash over the floor - napkins, chopstick wrappers, etc.). The staff promptly cleaned up after they left. From what I understand, not as many families dine there at night but with the location, it seems to be more family friendly.Parking is in the lot for the mall. You need to navigate through the wandering drivers that feel the lines are a suggestion. Typical, but fair warning.Overall, I was impressed and plan to go back. In addition to sushi they also have hibachi and some declicious desserts I hope to share in the future. If heading north, may your compass lead you here for a full belly and clothes that do not smell of many flavors.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,12/6/2013,36,140,5,8,5>Why haven't you been here? Why aren't you here right now, actually?The sandwiches here are amazing and they change their menu frequently which is incredible. I had a dill salmon sandwich (today's Love Handle) with blueberries and a strawberry mustard and my brain was saying, "these are not things that should be on the same plate, much less in my mouth at the same time" but my tummy was saying, "we want MORE we want MORE!" They are very light on the vegetarian fare (I will eat fish, so I was clear for takeoff this visit) so I can see that being a bit restrictive in this particular neighborhood. Rumor has it they will make you something veg-friendly if you just ask - believable because they seem to be incredibly nice and eager to please. The owners are really genuine and recommended a dessert for us to take home for a sweet treat "later on." Um...confession...it was devoured about three minutes after walking in the front door. Their cherry limeaid cake is no joke. Dense without being heavy, absolutely perfect amount of icing and flavor that is just soaked into ever bite. This is the kind of place you will want to keep coming back to so you can try one of...all the things. They are still finding their way, the restaurant space itself is somewhat sparse and it sounded like they have plans for a few building-related changes in the future, but for only being open for 2 months, I sincerely hope there is a long, bright future for Love Handle.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,12/5/2013,148,281,3,10,3>I love this place! I am hesitant to admit this, but I'm one of those people who doesn't really take their pets to the vet unless something is wrong. My cats are indoor-only, eat high-quality food, get lots of play time and attention, so there are very rarely any issues.But when something did need attention, I was able to quickly schedule a same-day appointment  here. Then, when I thought the issue may have resolved itself, Dr. Wright was kind enough to speak to me on the phone to determine if my baby princess pookie face really did need to be seen.I decided to bring her in just to be safe. While my kitty is quite the docile little snuggle bug with me, she was not very cooperative at all at the vet, but the techs and Dr. Wright handled her quite well (a little catnip didn't hurt either.) I really appreciated the option of an injectable antibiotic when it was clear we were not going to be able to handle 14 days of pills after Dr. Wright wasn't even able to get her take one. I think that is when he referred to her as a little pistol, which was quite polite of him. ;)Their prices were reasonable, and the call to check-in the following day was the icing on the cake. They really care about their clients, and I am happy to be one.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,5/4/2014,23,49,2,12,6>If I could eat here everyday, I would.  Honestly, the Swingin' Door Exchange is that good.  The atmosphere of the bar is almost like an old school speak easy - which apparently it was back in the 20's!  We went on a Friday night, got seats at the bar and had a short wait for a table. The drinks are absurdly cheap - as in $3.75 for a Crispin, $5.50 for a top shelf cocktail.  This could be reason enough to check this place out.  But really, the food and service are what impressed me the most.  The servers who worked the restaurant area were awesome, incredibly friendly and considerate to make your dining experience wonderful.  I ordered a blackened grilled chicken, bacon, avocado sandwich with house made chips.  Yum!  Tons of fresh, real bacon piled on with thick slices of avocado.  The perfect combination.  The S.O. got the grilled Russian, a combination of roast beef and corned beef with melted mozzarella.  Sooooooo delicious.  We also shared the vermouth carrots, which made a tasty side.  Overall, the menu is so extensive that it is hard to choose.  I cannot wait to go back!
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,5/3/2014,69,156,,7,4>I decided to visit Deep Roots Massage because it's close to my house & I have a habit of spa hopping because I never could find a massage therapist that I liked. But finally, a place and massage therapist I like!!I decided on the deep tissue massage because I tend to carry my stress on my shoulders - Shannon really knows what she is doing and does an excellent job on the massage. She really worked my neck muscles and back...I left feeling like a new person. I like that she uses various essential oils and uses a good combination of heat & cold during the massage. I highly recommend Deep Roots Massage!!
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,5/2/2014,12,62,1,8,5>My husband and I both enjoy biking & skiing, so we were happy to see a ski / bike shop open up in WFB, especially since the other ski shops in the area all seem to be migrating west.We've been here on several occasions, and all of our visits have been very positive.At this time of year (December & January) - my focus has been the ski equipment.I went in one evening looking for a gift - and they gave me expert advise on the technical details of the item in question.  Since it was more than I've ever spent on ski goggles before, I was happy to listen to their recommendations.  We've been in just to look around and it's nice to see a selection of gear, including some brands that we generally haven't seen in the Milwaukee area before (most notably, Helly Hansen and Dragon.  Boarders may be interested to know they carry 686).We've also used them for servicing our skis - we had a performance wax put on, and our edges done...including a bevel, which I don't think had been offered to us at any of the other ski shops locally.  The service department turned things around quickly, which was nice.  I'll be skiing within a week, so I'll comment on the edges and wax job then.I think that we've visited the store a total of 4 times in the last 6 weeks, and I really like the fact that I am consistently seeing the same staff on multiple visits.While our focus on these visits has been ski equipment, I would like to mention that they are an authorized Specialized dealer.  When we dropped off our skis for waxing, we found out that there had been a recall on certain models of the 2011 Specialized bikes - including my husband's.  We asked about it, and they will take care of the repair on his bike without a problem.  I'm actually quite disappointed that we didn't hear about the recall from a) Specialized b) the local bike shop where we bought the bike - but I have to say - kudos to Erik's - if they keep on with this vein of customer service, we will be dedicated customers!The thing that I see as a downside - their selection of skis and boots wasn't as great as I would have liked.  I'm guessing that's why I didn't see any Volkls,which is disappointing, as I'm a huge fan of them.  That being said - my skis are quite new, so perhaps they will carry them by the time I'm ready to upgrade again.   (Hint, hint!)And for those interested - they seem to have a very extensive bike area, including a training area.  I'll have more to say on the bike side in a few months, after we defrost from the Arctic Tundra that is currently the state of Wisconsin.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,5/1/2014,40,82,,8,5>I love going here for some reason.  If I'm not making a special run, any time I'm in that area I have to stop and get something.  The must haves for me are their chicken brat patties...the seasoning is so good and it tastes like a real brat, just a lot better for you.I've had the jalapeno burgers and my hubby is partial to the mushroom chicken burgers.  Cook them frozen on the grill...no preservatives so they'll fall apart otherwise. They have chickens, chicken parts, different types of chicken sausage, spices and rubs.  Ask a counter guy about a special rub they make up and have in a small tub rather than  in the shaker container. Nice people and  they usually have a sample of a sausage on the counter for you to try.Just south of Howard on 6th St.;West side of the street.  Parking lot.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,4/30/2014,91,37,5,12,9>I love sushi. I mean loooove sushi, but for some reason I have been hesitant to try Kanpai, I'm not even actually sure why- maybe I just didn't see it sticking around for long. Being in that area or the Third Ward, I have seen a lot of places come and go. But I am glad it has made it through at least a year. The atmosphere was not bad, nothing special, very much your average mid to high end sushi restaurant. I went with my parents for a belated birthday dinner and it was delish. They have tapas style dishes and we ordered a couple of those, I highly recommend getting the jalapeno poppers, the asian fusion twist on jalapeno poppers is an interesting switch up. We got a few rolls to share for the table, including the spicy roll combo, which was amazing, but not for the weak. Tears were rolling down my face and my nose was running just a coupe bites in, but it was oh so gooood. Just make sure you have enough water and some not so spicy rolls to follow up with. I would highly recommend getting the mini godzilla, this roll is packed with all sorts of tasty sushi goodness, and tempura fried so it comes just ever so slightly warm. I'm getting hungry again just thinking about it! Definitely a cool spot in the Third Ward to try out if you are in the mood for some tasty sushi.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,4/29/2014,3,22,1,16,11>I've dined in a million times at El Fuego but we decided to take away last night since we had our pup along. Pros:-Food is ready incredibly fast!-Dedicated parking spot for those only picking food up-Food is presented and shown so you know you're getting what you've ordered-Staff manning the pick up desk is friendly and helpful-With their packaging, our food was still HOT and crispy (we got the vegetable quesadillas) when driving 15 minutes homeCons:-Food is ready incredibly fast! Make sure to call when you're about 10 minutes away or your food could be waiting for you for awhile-You have to weave your way through the crowd waiting for tables to get to the pick up deskAll-in-all, amazing experience once again at El Fuego. I will definitely do the take away option again after this experience.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,4/28/2014,54,340,2,7,4>Went out with a friend for lunch and we like to try something new when we go since we don't get together often.  I've been wanting to check out Millioke so we headed downtown.  Arrived as soon as it opened and I was so in awe when we walked in, love, love , loved the atmosphere and all the different lighting / lamps they had for the decor.  I was instantly in love.  Thought the private rooms were pretty cool too, great for business lunches or private get-togethers when you want to block out the rest of the world for a while.We were seated right away and waited on instantly.  Our waiter was awesome but unfortunately I don't remember his name.  He was friendly and down to earth, soft spoken and funny.  He gave us a moment to look over the menu and offered his opinions on the different dishes or what he recommended.  We started off with the pretzels and beer cheese dip, it was delicious and apparently a popular item because we saw them just flowing out as more people came in.So many choices for lunch menu, it was hard to just pick one.  I ended up with a steak sandwich and my friend, the chicken sandwich, both were delicious and the portion sizes were very filling.Overall my experience at Millioke was a good one.  The only "con" that comes to mind about my visit was even though they have a huge beer listing, my friend ordered 3 different beers before he finally got one that they had.  The list is outdated and many of the ones on the beer list, they no longer have.Wonderful atmosphere, great food, great service.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,4/27/2014,73,181,3,5,4>My first impression when I initially walked into Classic Slice for the first time.......what a rip off!  Thought paying over $5 for a stinkin' slice of sausage or pepperoni pizza was absurd!  Was I absolutely shocked when this mammoth sized triangle topped with a generous amount of sausage and cheese was presented to me.  In any case, I've been pretty damn impressed by Classic Slice.  And I dare you all to try and eat the slice like a "traditional" slice of pizza without making a royal mess.  This is definitely a fork/knife type of slice.  Topping wise, you can choose whatever your tummy desires.  The offer pretty much any mainstream topping, including the new addition of sardines.  The crust here is pretty great as well, as I'm yet to have a soggy slice despite the nice amount of sauce they top the pizzas with.  Whatever your taste in pizza, you can find something at Classic Slice.  The joint is Gluten-free friendly, as well friendly for all the vegans out there.  In addition to pizza, you can get the "notoriously b.i.g." calzone, salads, and sweets (currently pumpkin pie and cupcakes) at Classic Slice.  Everything is made in-house, so that adds to the awesomeness of the place.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,4/26/2014,78,57,7,12,4>I was dragged here against my will a few weeks ago, as I'm not a huge sandwich fan, and holy crap. This place is amazing. I've come back two times since then, and every time it's been exactly what I needed.If you find yourself craving Subway, Jimmy Johns, or Philly Way, get your shit together, and check this place out. It's not greasy, and their steak sandwich is perfectly seasoned.It's also the only place I know where you can get guava juice, and it's only a buck a bottle. The only downside is that they haven't had the salmon available when I went in, and I REALLY want to try it. The location is right off Farwell and Brady, and it's never busy as it's primarily a takeout place. The owner is amazingly friendly, and will talk to you while you're waiting if you start a conversation. There isn't a lot of decoration to speak of, it's pretty bare-bones, but don't let that turn you away, it's a real hidden gem. If it lasts long enough, it definitely has the potential to be an anchor for quick food on the east side.  I've only had their sandwiches so far, but I plan on going back sometime for one of their plates. I did try a bite of my friends goat dish, and it was perfect. I'm genuinely looking forward to being hungry enough to order and eat the entire plate. The portions are very generous, and the flavor is great. Definitely worth every penny. It's a perfect food for grabbing on the way home, slathering yourself into a pair of old sweats, and watching a 4 hour long Netflix session and passing out halfway through.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,4/25/2014,115,276,3,9,6>My husband and I used to come here on our date nights.  Yes, it's dark - so much so, we have to use our phones to see the menu.  However, that's part of the charm!  It's an older place, decorated much like the basement bar in a 1950's atomic ranch but without any lights on.  It's almost like something out of an old vintage photo you find in a box at your grandma's house. The vinyl booths add a lot of quirky charm - think "Gobbler" meets "Casino." I mainly come here for the ice cream drinks - mainly their grasshoppers.  It's my most favorite ice cream drink and they make a good one.  My husband is fond of the cookies and cream ice cream drink - not my favorite, but he seems to get a kick out of the cookies they add on to the straws. All in all I think this is a fun place to go - either for date night, or with some friends for some good conversation.  Bring cash, and don't be in too much of a hurry - they do like to take their time making the drinks.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,4/7/2011,8,17,,3,2>Fresh Fruits and Vegetables! Unique selection.... I got delicious fresh chickpeas (garbanzo beans) still in the pod yummy! They are way cheaper then the stupid chain grocery store Pick n Save and have a wider selection your not limited into choosing out of 6 bell peppers.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,4/6/2011,1,9,,6,3>As a more-avid-than-the-average-avid bicycle enthusiast, I needed to find a satisfactory local bike shop to help me with my addiction to bicycles and bike parts when I moved to Wauwatosa in 2007.  Johnson's was right up the road and also stocked my go-to brand of mountain bikes: Specialized.  So I ventured inside.Ever since, John and his team have been wonderfully supportive of my every bicycling whim.  They've helped me get the most bang for my buck when I'm buying a stock bicycle, and they've helped me choose parts when I build one from the ground up.  They've answered every technical question in between, and only laughed at me a little bit when I tried some hair-brained innovations of my own.I play with lots of bicycles in lots of different ways.  Johnson's has given me the same service whether I was looking to buy a $300 bicycle or a $4,500 bicycle.  They love bikes, too, and it shows.  I send friends here with confidence, and all have found good deals.In short, Johnson's has become my go-to local bike shop, and rarely do I need to seek out an obscure part anywhere else.  They're top notch, especially for a small, community bike shop!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2011,4/5/2011,33,64,2,2,2>Extensive menu for a dog/burger joint...but for me...I like a great Chicago dog.  Period.Vienna Beef brand hot dogs was enough for me to try this place out.  Authentic fixins for my Chicago Dog...neon green relish, sport peppers, poppy seed bun...perfect.Fresh cut fries...Green River...Sprecher Root Beer in the fountain (free refills).Place is clean and a good hot dog place was needed on this side of town.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,4/4/2011,48,226,,2,3>Absolutely stunning. And historically Milwaukee!!! My mom stayed here for a conference for her profession and I came to visit her and take her to dinner. We had dinner in the Grill place they had there and i'm sorry I can't remember the name of it but thats not what this review is about but that restaurant WAS amazing! Now, when I met my mom I went to her room because she was impressed with it, and I can't say anything but. It was a gorgeous room elegant and modern clashing together in old-style Milwaukee. It was amazing. I also had a function here in their main... Ballroom? or Dining room on the first floor just to the right of the check-in counter. The check-in counter itself was so elegant and warms you like you have been a guest for years and nothing has changed. The staff? Go way beyond the call of duty. I had forgotten that there was certain parking times downtime and I ran out just as our food was arriving. The manager or whoever this kind gentleman was ran to the valet and told him to move my car so my dinner wouldn't get cold! They gave me a valet ticket and parked me... FOR FREE!!!! This is what classy elegant Hotels do and the Pfister is no exception. The Ballroom or Dining room was gorgeous, massive chandeliers still in movement like frozen in time from when they were put up. The food? Spectacular, even though it was made in bulk for as many people as we had there. Furthermore, the massive staircases gliding you to your floor made you feel like you were being whisked away in calming Victorianness. Great couches from early times offer a comforting rest from your journey. The last thing was the bar in the lobby. This was great too! People were even having dinner there with a quiet drink and some work from the week. Simply an awesome (Websters dictionary defines Awesome as something that leaves you in Awe and Wonder) Milwaukee beacon and Everyone should have the privilege to stay or even visit here while residing in Milwaukee.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,4/3/2011,69,73,2,12,4>Oh, if this mega-super-awesome Asian grocery were any closer to my house, I would be broke and full of MSG and baby bok choy every day. After two trips, I am ecstatic about the arrival of Pacific Produce. Some highlights:-very great fresh bamboo stalks floating in clean water, which can be purchased for a delicious addition to a stir-fry or hot&sour soup-amazing selection of fresh mushrooms, ones I've never heard of like "brown crab mushroom" and more-well known bot less commonly found so nice-looking, like hen-of-the-woods (in super-cute packaging with cartoon mushrooms dancing) and shiitake for cheap-inexpensive and fresh daikon, lemongrass, quail eggs (beautiful and speckled), baby bok choy, shredded green papaya, and a staggeringly smart variety of Vietnamese, Hmong, Chinese and Laotian veggies, herbs and fruits unseen by many Milwaukeeans, I'm sure-fancy and family-size ramen for miles, in flavors like "Duck Confit" and "Red"-every single kind of noodle, including green tea soba, fresh udon, Korean big flat rice noodles called dduk, etc. Yeah, a lotta noods here.-big packs of chopsticks with cute pictures of girls and flowers, best thing I bought all year-a fresh fish display that neither smells nor offends, although I have a slight phobia about buying a whole fish I have never heard of...  one species on ice is labeled "Big Head Fish".-the greatest dumplings. 3 bags for $10 in the freezer: pork & garlic chive, pork & cucumber, some veggie ones I don't care about...and such an intense assortment of steamed buns, holy CRAP. My freezer currently holds" black sesame buns, "soup" buns (which explode with a mouthful of hot broth when you bite into them,) red bean buns, shrimp and chestnut buns, and BBQ pork buns. Buns GALORE.-double black soy sauce, broken rice, and a limited-hours banh mi takeout counter with lychee bubble tea and fried sweet sesame balls! Yes! Sesame balls!I really could go on all evening here. I'll leave a few surprises for you to discover. I recommend stopping next door at Pho Viet for some papaya salad with beef jerky and roasted peanuts before or after. Fun times.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,4/2/2011,8,11,,2,2>Incredible beer selection on tap, great atmosphere.  The music is hit or miss, although this point is just personal taste and nit picking.  The best part about this bar is the bartenders.  Each one knows the beer selections inside and out.  They are willing and eager to help you figure out which you'd like.  Hand out plenty of samples too!  I find it odd that some people have had bad service there... I've been to the Sugar Maple five times or so and always had great service
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,4/1/2011,9,19,2,3,3>One of the most important things about this place is that they have a chicken truck!  (see photo)They also have some darn good fried chicken.  As good, if not better than any I've had in the state.  They cook it in these big pressure fryers.  It comes out with perfect, crispy breading, good flavor.  My only complaint is they don't have a spicy recipe.  I've asked they said they only make it one way.  I used to work in the area, and we would come here for lunch.  They have good specials on their website, just make sure you print the coupon out and bring it in.   Don't ask me why.The rest of the menu is large, with sandwiches, shrimp, ribs, ice cream etc...  Their pizza is really good too.  It's thinner crust and cut in squares.In the take out area, check out the neat pictures of local intersections from the early 50's.  This used to be the outskirts of town.Or just get it delivered...and hope they bring it in the CHICKEN TRUCK!
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,3/31/2011,36,247,,2,2>This is a real good sized venue, and a fun place to see a show.  The space is big, but not too big.  The bathrooms were very clean when I was there.  As for the sound, I feel like it was pretty good the one show I saw there a few weeks ago.Overall a nice room.  I got parking right in front on a Thursday night.  But I could see how it would be a problem if there happen to be something going on at the Bradley.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,3/30/2011,2,18,3,3,3>I've had some really disappointing Mexican meals here in Milw but KUDOS to Habanero's for some great food and service.  Nestled in a strip mall on Hwy 100 it's easy to miss.  It's also a nice place to go if you're by yourself as you can sit at the bar for your meal.Went last week and were immediately seated and served warmed chips and tasty salsa.  A nice salsa can set the mood for a Mexican meal.  I don't understand how some restaurants can serve a lifeless salsa and bland tortilla chips . . . to me it says, "I gotta give you this free, so take this crap 'cause I don't care".  Habanero's was tasty.  I always ask for HOT sauce and was enthused when the gal serving understood what I wanted and was "on it".  As the really hot sauce is truly hot we usually mix it in with the regular stuff to get just the right "hotness".  My friends' chimichanga was great and so was my combo.  I like being able to pick and choose my combos, sometimes 2 or OMG 3 items is way too much food.They make a great guac tableside, have reasonable prices, and are definitely worth a visit. Buena comida
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,3/27/2011,26,40,8,4,5>At Random is a milwaukee gem because:Everyone that works there has worked there since the beginning of time, or the invention of ice cream, and your grandma is your waitress.  You know she's got stories from when she was a young beautiful dancer.Your grandma's most excellent space aged bachelor pad and/or tiki objects also are decorating the innards.  At least *my* grandma's decorations are here...It's dark and cozy and totally a date place for you and yours, whether 2 or 12.  Also fantastic for birthdays.The girls' bathroom is really nice.The drinks really are incredible.  You can get ice cream, hot drinks or tiki drinks.  I had trouble making up my mind last time, and the waitress steered me towards the hot buttered rum since i'd never had one before.  it was exactly what i wanted, after tasting it.All the weird rules and quirks only add to the charm of the place, so just go  with it.Someday it won't exist, AND THEN YOU WILL BE SORRY!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,9/9/2011,65,128,2,4,2>Frank's is a corner bar.  The back room where they hold the shows is improving.  It's fairly spacious, the sound has improved, and the whole look is better than in years past.  Decent drink selection at fair prices.  The only drawback is the outdated view of start time for the live shows.  Believe it or not bands and their fans like to stick around and drink and chat after the show so why not start earlier?  Good place for music.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,9/8/2011,42,146,3,2,2>Its been a staple my entire life, went to my first show there when I was sixteen (Tom Petty w/ my dad).  Now, as an adult, I go knowing what to expect.  A lot of drunk people under the influence of other "things", often, and being around the most people a person probably could in their life at one time.  OH, and not having cell phone reception.  Do you know how you get around all this and still have an awesome time?  Being more drunk than all of the other people.  Try it, it is a good strategy.  Love you Summerfest, stay true to what you are.  Good food selection, beer, and music.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2011,9/7/2011,30,62,2,5,4>I'm still searching for an authentic Chinese restaurant in MKE to love...  I agree with other reviewers in that if I didn't look super hard for the restaurant, I would have totally missed it.  The waitress was really helpful, perky, and pleasant.  I asked her what certain Chinese characters on the menu meant and appreciated her patience with me.   I thought the spicy beef noodle soup was the best thing I ordered.  If there is such a thing as your soul feeling rejuvenated, that's what happened to me after I ate the noodles.  It reminded me of my parents' cooking and definitely continues to be a comfort food for me.  I was so excited about slurping it down that I choked on the broth more than once!!!We got crab rangoons, which were pretty standard.  We also got the lamb with cumin, which I liked the least of everything I had.  Sometimes Chinese ppl (like my grandma) like to marinate meat in baking soda to "tenderize" it.  Personally, I think this gives the meat a weird fluffy texture.  The lamb was definitely this way; it was a huge turn off for me.  We also got the boiled fish filet with Szechuan sauce.  It comes in a HUUUUUUGE bowl with a large amt of spicy broth, napa cabbage, and fish.  I enjoyed the napa cabbage, but was not too impressed with the fish.  Despite the spicy broth, the fish tasted bland.  It probably would have tasted amazing if the fish was fresher. What was pretty amazing to me was that out of 24 people dining in the restaurant, there were a total of 19 Chinese diners (all speaking Mandarin!).  I felt at home!!!!!I give Huan Xi 3 stars for of the food, 4 for the service...Although I can't say it's my favorite Chinese restaurant in Milwaukee (I don't have one), I still look forward to returning in the future to try other dishes!
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,9/6/2011,28,102,9,6,5>Ok, so I normally try to be receptive and understand that people have differing tastes when it comes to food. But what is it about Mexican food that turns people into blissfully clueless experts? All of a sudden every Mexican restaurant is either 'authentic' or 'not authentic'. Ugh. I wish Yelp would block that word. Using that word smacks of the presumption that Mexico, despite being a geographically diverse country, has only one single type of food identity. So for fun I will write this review in the same vein, giving my own transparent reasoning for why I am an expert on Mexican cuisine. This location is a twin of the South side original. All of the food is the same and the décor is pretty similar as well. I've been eating crazy jalapenos for most of my life, so I would say that this place is pretty authentic. I was worried about it not being authentic, but a friend of mine from an arbitrary coastal state assured me that it was. His city is slightly larger than Milwaukee, so he must know what he's talking about.The food here is always made with care and with quality ingredients. The avocado tomato salad is huge and a wonderful way to start your meal. It's light, the avocados are always perfectly ripe and the dressing is simple yet delicious. My parents had an avocado green washing machine when I was little, so I would say that this particular avocado salad is one of the best around. I love eating enchiladas, so I really know enchiladas. The red sauce that accompanies the enchiladas here is clearly homemade. As you eat, you can tell it was simmered for a long time and can see the tiny beads of oil come to the surface as it cools. You can taste each spice they put into the sauce and feel in your mouth its robust consistency. I once ate Spanish rice at the airport while waiting for my flight out of Cancun during spring break. The beans and rice served at Jalapeno Loco are way better. You can't get more authentic than that! They're always consistent. The rice is light, fluffy and flavorful. If you're into margaritas, the casa margarita (casa means 'house' in Spanish) is pretty strong. Having grown up in a house, I can say that it's definitely an authentic drink that rivals anything you could get at Qdoba. Be sure to take note of their daily specials. The mole here is what this place is known for and they have a nice variety. They also serve a tasty shrimp soup in a bowl the size of a bathtub. Having once lived in Schaumburg, Illinois, which is 25 miles from Chicago, I was unsure that this soup could hold up to the super authentic soup that is found there. I mean, 90 miles and more people make a ton of difference, you know? But the soup is delish. I even saw some Mexican customers eating it, so it's got my seal of approval. Overall, this location of Jalepeno Loco is great and exactly the same in every good way. If you're in the North shore area and in the mood for some authentic Mexican cuisine, stop on down for a meal and order a cerveza (that means 'beer'). For that really authentic touch, ask them to put a lime wedge in the bottle!
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2011,9/5/2011,280,856,10,4,5>IT WAS WATCH A ZACH EFRON MOVIE OR GO TO THE BRADY STREET FESTIVAL. Brady won out.Parking was a Florence Henderson fornicating nightmare. I parked in what I believe was an illegal spot. I checked out a garage sale on the walk to the festival. The guy said it was his grandmother's stuff. I spot some vintage Playboy magazines and resist saying anything.The festival was very chill. Live music was in the air. Beer and cheese were being consumed. Local artisans were selling their wares. Yelp was being reprezented by our hard working CM Rachel.Brady Street is cool every day of the year but today it got cooler, if that's possible.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,9/4/2011,32,100,2,5,2>I've been here twice now and was pleased with the food both times.The First Course consists of a large salad bar, all very good though not very distinctive.  You can elect to have this be your entire meal (along with a few vegetables), an option which might make sense at lunch, though it hardly seems worth the $32.50 at dinner.  Even so, if you are there in a group and one of  the group is on a diet, the First Course option might make sense.The full meal option costs $48.50 and gives you all you can eat of a dozen cuts of meat plus a choice of five deserts.  The meat options are brough around to you on skewers, from which you get small portions at a time.  The chicken is nothing special, and we'd say the same for the pork loin, but the ribs, the lamb, and all the cuts of beer are wonderful.  If you like meat, don't eat a big lunch before dining there.The vegetables offered a black beans and rice, mashed potatoes, and fried bananas.  The fried bananas are some of the best I've had.The deserts include a pretty good flan and a creamy papaya custard that is delicious.The full meal is cheaper at lunch and at lunch you can also get a sampling (3 small portions) of your choice of the meats for only $14.95.  That might be a good way to check the place out.Valet parking adds another $8, probably worth it, since you might wind up spending that much to park in this area anyway.One can get in and out of here in an hour, since the flow of offerings is constant and there is no waiting for something ordered, but they don't hurry you, and a leisurely approach allows you to gorge yourself even more.  Although the atmosphere did not strike me as especially romantic, I would think it would be a nice place to take a date if you know she is a hearty eater and a meat-lover.  Having the staff constantly at your elbow offering more food and drink.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,9/3/2011,23,50,2,3,2>I love this place! Mainly because its not a Micheals and their canvas' are variously uniquely shaped. Walking around the store gives an artist new ideas about their hobby (or job, depending). I would be happier if there were more sales/discounts going on, because every time I go here I have an urge to spend all my money.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,9/2/2011,45,84,3,6,3>Enjoy mini-golf?  Looking for a little greater challenge than the windmill?  Well than this is the place for you.  A gem within the gem of Lake Park is their golf course.  Its a par 3 course so all you need are a couple clubs to play it (I usually just take a putter and a 9 iron).  This is probably the most diverse golf course you will find.  The people who play it range from a father teaching his young children the game, to people on a date messing around, to someone perfecting their short game to the old guy who has played the course everyday for the past 30 years.  As for the course itself it is amazingly set up and dates back to the start of the park.  It is a full 18 hole course cleverly set up on a small piece of land.  I love the layout though small it is still challenging.  It is nice because playing time is much shorter than a normal full sized course as well.  Playing solo I can usually play a full 18 in a couple hours and with a group it usually takes about 2-3 depending on speed.  Being a Milwaukee Country course the price is right as well at $7 a game.  Lake Park Golf Course is my favorite little gem of Milwaukee!
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,9/1/2011,33,64,,5,2>There are plenty of great reviews of this restaurant, so I will try to hit the highlights.1) The ambiance and decor is tastefully modern and classic.  It feels like you are eating at Restoration Hardware with dim lighting.2) Definitely a place to take someone for a special occasion.  White table cloth, attentive wait staff and great bar.  Surprisingly, I have seen slightly more casually dressed individuals dining there as well so I wouldn't necessarily feel too out of place if you were wearing a polo shirt and khakis (depends on your own personal comfort level).  But then again, this is coming from a guy that has worn camouflage cargo shorts to a Ruth Chris before.3) I would describe this food as "upscale comfort food".  You will have the typical stuff like Filet Minion, Scallops, Salmon, etc for main courses.  I think even the most pickiest of eaters wouldn't feel left out here.  They will use Wisconsin local ingredients where possible.  Not too much "fusion", nouveau cuisine.4) Personally, me and my fiancée like to get several small plates to share instead of a main course.  It gives us a chance to sample several different dishes and feel as though we had a multi-course meal without the multi-course price.  I mean, if you are a foodie, how many times can you have a steak and it taste different from one restaurant from another?5) Three words.  Spinach Risotto Fritters.  Amazingly good.  Anything fried usually is, but these take it to another level.  Just get them.6) We have been here twice...once in the fall of last year and January of this year.  I would be curious if the menu will change with the Spring season.7) They take OpenTable reservations which is great.  I booked reservations using my iPhone and they always were great about accommodating my special requests the 2 times I was here.  Was able to surprise my fiancée for her birthday just by typing a special request in the reservation itself.  They seated us in a booth with a handwritten thank you and towards the end of the meal, they came out with a complementary in-house sorbet sampler for dessert. Bottom line,  it holds the Bartolatta reputation for delicious dining.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2011,8/31/2011,64,138,4,4,5>Great, great bar. Just the right mix of kitsch, dive and thoughts-of-warmer-weather. The tiki look is endearing and fun, and can be comforting on a cold winter night. It's always hopping but never hellishly overcrowded. Great, deep booths where you and several friends can tuck in for the night and proceed to get jolly. I don't typically like going out to bars, but am always down for a drink here.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/28/2011,6/8/2011,10,34,2,6,3>We love the Milwaukee Ale House in Grafton!Contrary to the poster below I am a vegetarian and have found tons of options available! The black bean burgers are delicious and you can customize it however you want! They also have a veggie wrap, soups, salads, and pastas!We often times go with friends and share a few appetizers. The soft prezels with cheese is one of our favorites and the home made kettle chips are to die for! (get them with the bleu cheese dressing)Thursday nights they have family friendly live trivia and half priced pints of their home brewed beers. We go often and it's always a good time!UPDATE: This Ale House is under new ownership and the menu is much smaller. They've taken most of the vegetarian stuff off the menu and whats left isn't as good. Also the past couple of times that we've been there for trivia we had terrible service. Last night however we had a manager as our waitress and she was great! I'm not a fan of the new menu but we still go for the cheap beer and appetizers. The prices are pretty nuts on the new menu though. it adds up quick!
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2011,6/7/2011,78,109,,4,3>This place if OFFICIALLY my favorite burger place in Milwaukee. Best burger on the menu is the Don't Mess With Texas Burger on a pretzel bun. You will not leave dissapointed here.Also, I would would advise getting the "shake of the month". They are always awesome!
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,6/6/2011,34,209,,2,2>They are located right  next to Vici Beauty School, they used to be inside the mall (in the hallway by Sears). This new location is bigger, brighter and better. I have never tried eyebrow threading, I needed to get my eyebrows and chin done for a wedding I was going to be in. I wanted to try something different after my eyebrows were messed up at Vici.  The whole process itself was quick and  painful at the same time. It's been a week and my brows still look good.  They also do Facials - which I will try next time and Henna Tattoos (Temporary tattoos). I definitely will be going back.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,6/5/2011,14,90,2,3,3>Great atmosphere, great people! Very cool and relaxed, Jess' family even came in in the middle of my haircut. Seriously, how often do you get to combine the ability to get a beer, hang and get a quality haircut. I'm a big fan of the straight razor. Really worth checking out! DO IT.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,6/4/2011,26,85,3,2,1>I had the rare privilege to be honored on the day of my birth with a fantastic dinner at this amazing restaurant. Being that this was such a special occasion, we had the seven course chef's choice with wine pairings. Yes, this meal is probably going to set you back a car payment, but this is one of those meals that you'll be telling everyone about. Note: Chef's choice is not available on weekends. Setting: unassuming neighborhood; they have valetDecor: formal chic; kind of like an overdone dining roomFood: Where does one start? every dish was spectacular, from the tuna to the scallops, to the elk, every dish outdid itself. I do, fondly, remember the vast platter of desserts, including the plum tart. Overall, probably one of the most memorable meals of my short lived life. Just go here and thank me later.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2011,6/3/2011,94,294,,8,4>In 2010, Tosa piloted the Farmers Market. I was never so excited. I used to live on the east side and walk to the market there on Saturdays.  Since moving to Tosa in 2005, I had to drive to the east side or West Allis for a good Farmer Market. The location in the heart of the village is so convenient for walking/biking, and there is a large lot for those who need to drive. I walk there every Saturday morning.This year, the market has extended hours from 8am-1pm. Every Saturday, local farmers and vendors gather to sell their products/services. You can find everything: fresh produce, live plants, freshly cut flowers, handmade soaps, egg rolls, enchiladas to go,  cheese, sausage, coffee, all natural salad dressing, ready to go worm composting bins, live music, knife sharpening, demonstrations and more. Most of the vendors are there the full season. Other vendors may be partial season or special event vendors. They also have themes on certain weeks. Next week is Artisan week. Additional vendors will come in to sell arts and crafts.The most important thing about the TFM is supporting local farmers and businesses. There is a wonderful sense of community when you spend time at the TFM. I get to know my neighbors, the farmers that grow my food, the man that selects and roasts my coffee beans, etc. I have come to appreciate the market in the short time it has evolved that I have become a TFM volunteer this year. Each week I get to interview a different farmer or vendor and spread their stories throughout the community. I am lucky I have such a great Farmer Market in my community.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,6/2/2011,126,304,1,4,4>I love lobster. Love it. This is the best lobster in Milwaukee, hands down, and the price? Can't beat it. I am a huge fan of the public market and just wish it was on my radar more because whenever I am there, I think, "Wow, I love this place. I need to come more often" I got the 12.95 lobster dinner and it was fabulous. Served with fries, coleslaw and drawn butter. I loved the coleslaw, it was the vinegar coleslaw, not the mayo based one, so it was light and crisp. This place is busy at any hour so you may have a bit of a wait, but it is worth it.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2011,6/1/2011,30,41,2,4,4>I went here a little while ago with some co-workers and had only heard that this was a place I "had to go" so off we went.  Riverwest is usually not where you'd find me, but all I heard was Tiki Bar and I was in!  I love the beach, anything even closely related...SIGN. ME. UP!  I have no idea what I ordered (specialty drinks) but they all tasted like paradise! :) If only....  one of my friends ordered a Mai Tai, since they boast "the best mai tai" signage, to see if it was true.  While I know nothing about what a good Mai Tai tastes like, he did say it was excellent.  the atmosphere was great, my only complaint is that it's tiny so you may need to fight for a table.  But, many bars have that same issue.  The service, price, and experience was great I will definately be back!
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,5/31/2011,228,281,2,4,4>If I had one word to describe how I feel about this place, it would be adulation. Chef Juan Urbieta is a tower of a man at maybe 5'5" but, due to the incredible skill that hits every dish, he might as well be 6'6" and roaring like a bull from the kitchen.This is the restaurant that I recommend every single time someone even suggests Italian, or the place for a date, or when asked my favorite. Every step in their sequence of service has been impeccable on each visit. And I've yet to taste a thing from the menu that wasn't awesome to my palate.Now that my fanboy rant is done, I'll settle in for details. The bad (barely) first: Parking can suck. It's downtown Tosa, and it gets busy with the number of places in this little village. Be prepared to walk. Dress warm. Have an umbrella. The bar space is small. Arrive on time rather than plan on drinking for an hour before dinner. It's a bit tight on busy nights. The floorplan is a bit crowded. Don't be claustrophobic. Or have issue with being brushed as people pass. Beyond that, It's love. It's perfect risotto.It's the awesome selection of wines (hooray for Produtorri del Barbaresco). It's the Truffle Menu in December. It's the calamari.  It's the grigliata mista di mare. It's the duck f'king pappardelle.The service is a fully functioning system of supplying you with carnal pleasures from the kitchen to you, via plate, fork and/or spoon. The style is simple. The seats are comfortable. The food should be your world, at least for an hour or two.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,5/30/2011,25,54,,4,2>Fantastic little cafe and bakery.The food is rich and varied.  The portions are right just but a little pricier than I'd like.The bakery is where this place shines.  The macaroons are delicious (though sometimes I think they sit out too long).  And the bewildering number of choices means you'll have to keep going back.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,7/13/2014,70,78,4,7,6>One of the best Asian fusion restaurants in Milwaukee! I particularly like the $10 lunch special with the Seafood Chow Fun. Comparable to what I've had in Hong Kong. The Udon & Pad Thai are some of my other favorites. I had the Moo Shu Pork last week, absolutely perfect Best I've had in Wisconsin. The pancakes / rice wraps were soft & tender. Seemed like fresh made. Great Asian beer selection too, I usually get a Sapporo or Tsingtao. Surprising to find such a gem of a restaurant within a Wisconsin casino. The décor has a modern twist & great layout. I tend to sit at the bar while dining, allows you to see into the Bistro style kitchen.Glad they don't allow smoking in the restaurant, I always get my pack of second hand smoke while in the casino!
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,7/12/2014,85,224,10,10,7>The discussion of this landmark is certainly elevated. Wauwatosa has three elevated water tanks (the proper name for a water tower) and three reservoirs, this one being the largest elevated tank and the most obvious. In fact, this 2.5 million gallon torosphere is the largest tank in the State of Wisconsin. Think how many six packs of Riverwest Stein Beer that would make!If you happen to live in Wauwatosa, you should be happy to know that in 1998, the entire 33,000 square foot interior was blasted to bare steel, under the SSPC-SP10/NACE No. 2 specification and coated with special aromatic urethane zinc-rich primer, then topped with two coats of a fast-curing, water-safe, polyamide epoxy. Like you care. It just means the interior is a safe pitcher for water.The exterior was painted in 2001, a most amusing procedure to watch on a daily basis over the summer. Each day, the tower was completely covered with a canvas shield that resembled a giant condom. It was blasted to bare steel, primed, and painted the lovely blue color that you see today. The top coat was applied with rollers on very long extension poles (several yards too long for you to use on your ceiling.) The entire procedure was entertaining to watch over the summer. The guys who painted the tower must have nerves of steel or no nerves at all. Whatever they used for the top coat, it must have been a good product because the tank looks like it was painted last week, not 13 years ago.I will admit to being a closet fan of elevated water tanks but let's keep that our little secret, okay? Tanks a lot!
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,7/11/2014,181,369,7,7,9>Holy crap I'm gonna be sore tomorrow!This place is legit.  I'm a virgin when it comes to lazer tag - and I gotta say - it's definitely a lot more serious than I had expected.  This isn't just hide behind some boxes in a big room and run.TACTICAL.  I'm thinking that's the key word here.  You have missions to follow.  You are climbing and crawling and hiding!  WHEW.  The crew here is awesome - super helpful.I kinda want to have my birthday here or some future event... not sure my weak, tired ass body agrees though.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,7/10/2014,190,322,5,14,11>Since mid-December, the doors at Ardent Milwaukee have been locked at 10:00 PM and reopened at 11:30 PM every Friday and Saturday night to a transformation. Burlap sacks cover the windows, the lights are dimmed, an OPEN sign covers the etched letter "A" on the door, music is playing, and the red lights are turned on. Red Light Ramen is open for business.The aroma of pork and a broth that takes 15 hours to prepare fills the air. You can almost taste them.The small staff in the kitchen has an assembly line set up to create the delicious bowls of noodles, pork, veggies, and broth.I learned that there are four primary types of ramen: Shio (salt), Shoyu (soy sauce), Miso (with Miso paste), and Tonkotsu which can contain either salt or soy sauce and is made from boiling ground up pork bones for 12-15 hours. Tonkotsu is the style served at Red Light Ramen. It is the only style served there. There is no menu other than for selecting which items diners wish to customize their ramen with. The base bowl includes pork, greens, and mushrooms, but you can add Nori, egg, and others for only 50 cents each. For $10, diners receive the standard bowl of ramen and a can of PBR. This is Brew City, afterall.I can't think of a better way to cap off a night out or to refuel for the next round. The "underground" atmosphere in the physically underground location sometimes make you forget you're in Milwaukee, at least until the PBR arrives. As the weather picks up, the lines might get longer. I suggest you're in line at 11:25 and ready once the doors open. If you haven't experienced Red Light Ramen, you're missing out.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,7/9/2014,146,306,13,13,11>Well Mom, you would be proud of me. I ate Brussel Sprouts. Not only did I eat them, but I enjoyed them. Now, I'm not saying that I am going to order them every chance I get, but at least now I have a frame of reference for what a good sprout should taste like.Dined here for the first time along with a group of about ten other Yelpers. We all consistently and truly enjoyed our meals. The regular menu , which I understand changes regularly, offered a plethora of delicious sounding  options, but it was the daily specials that caught my ear. Salmon or BBQ ribs? Such choices. I feel that the overall quality of a menu is typically well represented by the execution of their seafood dishes. Thusly, I went with the salmon. It met my expectations. Perfectly flakey, expertly grilled; no qualms here. On the side were two small roasted and smashed potatoes topped with a bacon jam. That's right, you heard me: Bacon Jam. I could have gone for about three more pounds of those. Then there were the Brussel Sprouts. Typically I avoid these like the plague, but I gave them a chance. I was pleasantly surprised. I might even consider ordering them again, but we'll see.I washed all of this down with 2 or 3 (Ok, it was 3) "New Old Fashionds." I gotta be honest here. They were nice (Makers Mark bourbon), but they were not $9 nice. I've had just as good or better for half the price in crappy dive bars in the Dirty Stallis, but I digress. The overall impression of my experience was overwhelmingly positive. We have a very attentive server, although the place was dead on the Tuesday night we were there. I had a nice conversation with the bartender before I was sat for dinner. The interior is clean, fresh, and crisp. It's tasteful without distracting from your meal. The large bar area has a beautiful Carrera marble counter. Very nice. They even have a nice parking lot.I really like what chef/owner Tyler is going for here. I truly enjoyed my dinner here and I will definitely be back again. I might even have the Brussel Sprouts when I do. My Mom should be so proud.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,7/8/2014,76,370,7,5,4>Hoppin' John, it's 2014!!!  Wait - see what I did there with the southern food generally eaten around the new year reference for a southern comfort food/bbq restaurant preface?  OMGLOLZCATS, I'm so smart.  Or hopp'ed up on caffeine.  Date of visit: Packers vs 49ersA shley's Que is located in the trendier-every-day Walker's Point with attached free parking.S moked goodness awaits you: ribs, tips, shoulder, chicken, brisket are on the menu.H oly cow, it's a good value.  King's Combo (shoulder, ribs, tips) + 2 sides = 19$.  L iquor choices hilariously and eclectically upscale: Grape Draaaank and Electric Lemonade made with Great Lakes Distillery products. E rrryone in the club gets tipsssy (well, free shots) when the Packers score.  Yellow shot tastier than the green variety by a country mile.  Y es, they do have southern sides like fried okra, fried corn on cob, cheesy grits, slaw, etc.S mall critique would be that the meat products we got (ribs, tips, brisket, shoulder) were all consistently oversauced.Q uinoa?  No thanks, give me some shrimp and grits, or chicken and waffles.U nconventional (in a good way) employees very friendly, humorous, and seemingly all know how to dance.E xcellent experience here, and will be back sooner rather than later.*****Location: 4 out of 5Closest intersection is National and 1st.  Public transportation plentiful, and as previously mentioned - there's a free parking lot too.Decor/Ambiance: 2.5 out of 5I struggle with this aspect because in my opinion (remember, it's my opinion only), a restaurant's menu and offerings should also manifest itself into how it's decorated and what the interior looks like.  Take for example - Smoke Shack.  The inside and outside resemble a rustic bbq place you'd find in eastern Cackalacky.  Ashley's struggles with finding (or creating?) its identity.  Now, don't get me wrong - the inside is spacious and welcoming with an ample bar area and a mix of hightoppers and low tables - but in the same way that U.S. Cellular Field in Chicago is sterile and doesn't have any unique character, Ashley's could do a few things to I dunno...seem more "homey" if that makes sense.Service: 4 out of 5Eclectic band of brothers and sisters here.  All super nice and friendly, and all seemingly very good at dancing.  No joke - there's this more rotund short stocky fellow that had some surrrrious dance moves.  Selection of Q: 5 out of 5Bazinga.  Truly awesome selection - just check out their menu and you'll see what I'm saying.  Oh right - they have shrimp and grits too, as well as chicken and waffles.  And Friday fish fries, omglolz - cats would love that. Quality of Q: 4 out of 5Smoky Goodness.  Tender as all getup.  Tasty stuff.  As mentioned above - slightly oversauced for my preference, but I'll remember that for next time and get sauce on the side.Dranks: 5 out of 5Grape Koolaid.  Grape DRAAAAAAAAAANK (with GLD vodka).  Beermosas.  Hurricanes.  Keep going...and they're all available en masse.  They also have a nice craft beer list, so don't overlook that.Overall: 4 out of 5Tasty.  Reasonably priced.  Friendly folks.  Hilarious Drinks.  I'll be back soon.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,7/7/2014,127,75,5,12,10>For me, Transfer has always offered:1. Warm and inviting atmosphere and service (seriously...this place is great for friends, a date, or large group)2. Fresh and piping hot food (SO FRESH)3. Delicious food and drinks (Bellini X tonight, salami bruschetta, and a garlic pizza)One of my favorite places in Milwaukee. One of my all-time favorite pizza places EVER. THE CRUST. Chewy with a bit of crunch and enough variety of flavors to keep you coming back. My favorite is the Paisano. I'm confident that you'll have a favorite here, too...there's truly something for everyone, including GF friends.This is one of the first places I discovered in MKE, too...so it'll always have a place in my heart (and belly).SUPER HOT TIP: Join the Birthday Club. During your birthday month, you get a coupon for a free drink of your choice AND a free appetizer. Happy birthday to my tastebuds!
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,7/6/2014,40,58,4,8,5>Confession: I had written off Pastiche before ever giving it a try. It struck me (based on nothing) as highfalutin, inaccessible to a non-Francophile and prohibitively expensive. It's not cheap, and it's not low-end, but I was wrong to expect Pastiche would be pretentious.Now, if I'm going to spend hard-earned doll-hairs at a nice restaurant in Milwaukee, I'll happily do it at Pastiche.Why?- Atmosphere. Warm, intimate, good for a date or a night out with someone whose company you enjoy. I expected Pastiche's interior to be ultra-trendy but instead was greeted by a much more traditional, homey (but not down-home) setting. Only 10 tables, and even on a weeknight the place was full. Reserve ahead.- Service. The hostess was super friendly. We had a reservation but they were still waiting on a table to open, so she directed us to the wine shop upstairs (hey, who knew that existed?) where we could wait in the meantime. The girl working at the shop was also very friendly, offered us a tasting right away, and was knowledgeable about the wines. Prices on some bottles were surprisingly not horrifying; you could escape the place with a bottle for as little as $10.- Food. We went for Tapas Tuesday. REALLY REALLY good, and I mean everything. We started with a cheese that was $5 and came with crackers, honey and assorted berries. I expected the typical small plate portion of cheese--maybe two bites worth--but instead we were served a generous slab. Other highlights: Lamb sausage and pretzel spaetzel with mustard cream sauce; veal sweet breads; fingerling potato salad. Dessert: the cherry claftois was incredible. People at the table over also caught me eyeballing their profiteroles, which looked damn good.- Prices. Again, not horrifying. For two people sharing four tapas, a cheese and a dessert, with one beer and a glass of wine, our bill was just shy of $60 before a $10 City Tins discount. I expected the damage to be much worse.Don't judge fancy books by their covers is the lesson, I suppose, for me. I look forward to trying Pastiche again for dinner.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,7/5/2014,85,126,2,9,4>Such. good. pie. After dining at Cafe Lulu, we brought another couple from out of town to enjoy the delicious baked goods at Honeypie. I was a bit nervous, as one of them is a very skilled baker who can be highly critical of baked delicacies. She loved the Milwaukee Mud Pie and took home a slice of the Honey Pie to try. I was equally in love with the Grasshopper Pie, and the husb also loved his MKE Mud Pie. We were in heaven. The waitstaff was also very nice. They didn't seem annoyed by the fact that we just got four slices of pie and a cup of coffee, which was much appreciated. It was nice to stop in and relax while enjoying pie and coffee. We'll be back!
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,7/4/2014,190,251,3,8,7>Hey guys, I'm gonna let you in on a little secret. Truly is one of the most honest bike shops in Milwaukee.I stumbled upon Truly prior to Milwaukee's legendary 24-hour bike race -- the Riverwest 24. In need of a last-minute tune up, I looked at three different bike shops. Truly not only had the best price for my needs, but they were featuring a fast turn around time for those participating in the RW24. I took the bait and got a sweet tune up.Mere weeks later, I saw an ad for a Surly bike I was in the market for with a credit towards accessories (plus 10% discount on said accessories). They had the bike in the size AND color I wanted and hooked me up with all the accessories I would need to take my first bike tour. They were very accommodating and ordered a few things for me, including a women's specific saddle.They have new bikes and used bikes with some cool brands like Yuba and Fyxation. As I mentioned, their staff will order things if they are not already in stock and give good recommendations based on your needs. They're also not in existence to rip you off, which makes shopping at your LBS much more enjoyable.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,12/13/2012,42,146,7,8,5>Super impressed with Cranky Al's.  We went on a rather busy Friday evening and Cranky Al knows how to make customers happy, bottom line.  There was a rambunctious group of soccer players (probably 7 year olds), and they were running around and being crazy.  Pretty standard kid business, Al came out and threw it down on those little Rascals in one of the nicest, backhanded ways I have seen.  Pretty impressive.  One of the people in my group, his pizza forgot to get put in the oven, Al came out, threw a ten down on his spot at the table. He insisted that Kyle take the money back.  On to the pizza, AWESOME. Crunchy thin crust.  The lady and I shared a bbq chicken pizza, which I like to try everywhere that has it, was fantastic.  We also tried the other pizza's that were at our table and they were just as good.  Other places are cheaper, but Al sealed the deal for me.  It is worth the price to have someone that cares this much about their product and the customers end happiness.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,12/12/2012,83,79,,5,3>This is my favorite breakfast spot in Milwaukee, and it's in one of the more interesting areas of town, Riverwest.I find that their Breakfast Scramble is my favorite. A healthy twist on a classic breakfast, and a massive plateful of deliciousness.If you order it you'll enjoy organic veggies mixed with your choice of Simple Soyman tofu or local cage-free eggs with a side of toast and organic fried potatoes for  a paltry eight bucks. The eggs are amazing. Have not tried the tofu yet. But my eyes are always drawn to the toast, two slabs of hearty french-cut bread toasted to perfection, crispy and chewy at once.Okay, I need to go there tomorrow now...But back to their menu. I also loved their Biscuits & Gravy, made with Gimme Lean soy sausage and vegan biscuits, smothered lovingly in a savory mushroom gravy. It's served with dairy or vegan sour cream for seven bucks. (1/2 order for $4) This is another healthy twist on a classic breakfast, and I don't miss meat when I eat it. I enjoy dining here, even though I may have to wait for a table. There's outside seating available in the summer too. It's great to sit outside and people watch on a weekend morning. The neighborhood has color, most notably visible in the diversity of people who live here.Don't miss the chance to shop at the store when you're here. You'll find a nice selection of fresh produce, toiletries, and grocery--all supportive of local, organic, and fair-trade priorities. The people there are helpful and friendly, and I like the warmth of the space. The art they're hanging in the dining area is also great, especially since it changes regularly, and that keeps it interesting. I believe that they're featuring local artists works when they do.That all said, I love visiting Riverwest Co-op. It's always a wonderful experience. I always leave feeling better about myself, satisfied and smarter for the trip.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,12/11/2012,156,661,8,4,4>Oakland Gyros is on Oakland, but there is a location over by the Airport now - well it has been here a while and it has free wifi..... And now a story......A long time ago there was a Greek boy named George (pronounced Your-Goes) and he ran through his village calling out "have you seen my goat" and as he ran down to the town square - an old man said to him "your goat has gone to America" and so  George went to America to search for his goat and opened a Gyros place. He never found his goat or so it seemed. So, late at night George, now an old man would call out "have you seen my goat!" Ok, what does George and the Goat have to do with Oakland Gyros? Well, a Greek friend named George  whose uncle George and Cousin George run a Gyros place in Skokie, IL told me Oakland Gyros was the best Gyros place in Milwaukee, but in order to get the reference I had to listen to the story about George and his goat. The Three Georges never take the short road. They always take the long road. And now a review......Well, The 3 Georges told me about a place I had been going to since I was a teenager. I have been a fan of Oakland Gyros for over 25 years and can say that I had a Oakland Gyros T-shirt that I wore all over the world. One time in Rome, I met a couple from California who said "Hey Oakland Gyros dude!" and told me all about a visit to Milwaukee where they raved about Oakland Gyros. Yeah, this place rocks. Ok the food.  I came here nearly every day when I was a vegetarian. I would order a Spinach Pie platter (back then it was about $5) and that would be my meal for the day. It is now about $7.50 - not bad considering inflation. It is still baked in advance, and warmed, but this is the best way to get a Spinach Pie. The flavor is amazing and the crust is crispy. I usually get the rice pilaf in sauce, but sometimes still go for the french fries and ask (you have to ask) for yogurt sauce. Yum. The Gyros are the big seller here. There is nothing crazy special about them. Big blocks of Gyros meat from the mega-vendor served in combos that are a very good deal. I wish there were more classic Greek meals, but they do a pretty good job and will sell you a brat, a char grilled burger, or a hot dog if you want it. Some things you might not expect to see: Frappe---a classic Greek iced coffee can be had here for a little over $2. That is pretty cool. I wonder if George ever found his goat? There is that goat that put the curse on the Chicago Cubs - perhaps the worst team in all of baseball. Perhaps that is the goat George was looking for?  Or perhaps the goat found Oakland Gyros! If so, then good find Mr. Goat.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2012,12/10/2012,28,118,2,4,3>So, this place kinda rocks.  I go out once a month with a group of co-workers to blow off steam.  We are always looking for a decent happy hour deal PLUS decent bar food in the Tosa area.  No small feat, I tell ya.  This month we tried Jackson's Blue Ribbon Pub and we may have found our new home.  The waitress was savvy enough to start separate bar tabs for every person sitting at the table - love that!  Two dollar taps until 6 p.m. - hell yes!  This included Spotted Cow, my personal fave.  But the food was where it was really at.  I am told they have a commitment to serving the best bar food in town, and they may be well on their way.  Everything is made from fresh, never frozen, ingredients and is quite delicious.  We shared a giant pretzel that came out on a pizza pan with two different sauces - out of this world.  Then on to cheese curds - O.M.G.  Best cheese curds I have ever had in my life, and I am a self-proclaimed expert.  Then I moved onto pizza which was good, but I was already pretty full.  There were all kinds of great options on the menu, though, including a few things that seemed better than bar food fare.  We were there on a night where the Packers were playing the Bears, so it got pretty crowded pretty quickly.  That being said, we had a great experience.  We'll be back!
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,12/9/2012,172,484,,4,6>As many times as I've been to Maharaja, I'm surprised that I haven't reviewed it yet. Here I go...I believe that you can order specific things off the menu, but I have only ever had the buffet. It has a good variety, at least 2 soups, meat dishes from from goat curry to chicken tikka masala and tandoori chicken, saag paneer and other vegetarian dishes, and rice pudding to mango ice cream for dessert.The only thing that I know of that I wish was on the buffet is samosas. They give you a few pieces of naan too.The service is good. The price is cheap for all you get.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,12/8/2012,73,141,7,1,2>How cute is this place?  Very.I can't believe I've made it this far in writing my review and i have yet to mention how friggen uncomfortable the bench seats are.  So let me just get this out of the way.  I'll never sit on the bench seat...ever again.  Fortunately, i had a sweatshirt that i could strategically place between the various-height wood slats that made for the bench.  I'm sure some interior design/architect though this would be "stunning" but i'd like to make them sit on it and decide for themselves.  On top of the uncanny uncomfortableness, this place has major issues with height.  I sat on the bench (which I think i've established as the most uncomfortable seat i've ever had at a restaurant) and seriously hovered over the table.  My food was so far DOWN and away from me.  i had to look down at my eating companion (who, mind you, sat in a super comfy rocking chair on wheels at appropriate height to the table).  It just made for a really uncomfortable eating experience.  The height issues doesn't end there.  The chairs at the bar are ridiculously short...or the bar is ridiculously tall.  I'm not sure.  But there was this little cute old lady who's chin was seriously at bar-level.  Even average-height people would be challenged to eat comfortably at the bar.  So other than that, I love this place.  The food was spot on.  Service slow, but i'm gonna chalk that up for an off-night (even though i've read it in a few other reviews).  I can't wait to go back and not sit on the bench.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,12/7/2012,29,41,4,6,6>As the reigning Duke of Rays, to say that I like this liquor store is an understatement.  I'm going to skip all the lengthy praise and just lay it out there for you:1. Amazing beer selection2. Amazing wine selection3. Amazing liquor selection4. Amazing specialists in all three sections5. Amazing tasting room upstairs that hosts tastings and sampling sessions for cheap.6. Amazing beer selectionChoosing to live between Bunzel's and Ray's was no accident my friends.  Take the lead from me, and get in on this sweet action.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,12/6/2012,65,128,2,6,3>We went on a Saturday night.  It was late so I was hopeful that the dinner rush might have ended.  I guess I should have know better.  However while we were standing by the door waiting, frequently checking for updates on the website that showed how many were in front of us the hostess came up to me and asked if we wanted to dine at the bar as two people where getting ready to leave.  I said "You bet" and we quickly swooped in and made ourselves comfortable.Even though we were right in front of the bartender who was serving our area of the bar he somehow missed us for a while.  So we waited until he came over apologizing for missing us and quickly trying to help us out.The food:  My wife ordered the Pulled Pork Nachos.  I ordered the Beef Brisket sandwich with fries.  Both were excellent.  They even asked me if I liked my brisket fatty or lean.  I tried a sample of all of the bbq sauces and liked them all.  Loved one!  Her nachos had a sizable bone at the bottom which I mistakenly shoveled in my mouth thinking it was a lump of pork.  Not a good moment but it was dark and I imagine that bbq joints lose track of bones all the time.  So no deduction of stars.  Mostly because it was a great date in a comfortable place.  We will be back soon.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2012,12/5/2012,50,106,2,5,3>The southside of town needed a good Yogurt place and MyYoMy! is that place.It has a perfect location in the younger Historic 3rd Ward.  The only thing that is a negative about the place is the parking...oh wait sign said free wi-fi but my smartphone couldn't find it.Otherwise it offers 10 flavors of yogurt and multiple choices for toppings.  Everything from Dolce de Leche to Alpine Vanilla for yogurt, fresh fruit to granola for toppings.  The charge is not the size of the cup you put your yorgurt, its how much you put in the cup and toppings at 45 cents per ounce.I have been there two days in a row and spent $4.95 for two the first day and $5.95 the 2nd day.  Both times, we lucked out with getting street parking.If you are tired of having custard, give MyYoMy! a try.  You won't be disappointed...hopefully you'll find parking.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2012,12/4/2012,12,42,5,5,4>Soup is amazing, sandwiches just a-okay.  The huzz and I each had a sandwich and split the red pepper bisque with shrimp.  In hindsight, I wish I had just got my own soup.  Each generous concoction is garnished beautifully and comes with a gigantic hunk of homemade bread. Super delicious.A few tips that kept it from receiving 5/5 stars? 1.  Don't go on your lunch break (unless your lunch break is 3 hours long).   The wait is ridic-.  We're talking 30 minutes for soup and a sandwich.  Weird, right?  Ladle that shizz into a bowl and hand it over, already!  I'm drooling over here.2.  Bring cash (unless you aren't coming at the "peak lunch hour", which at that vague point in time, they accept credit/debit.)  Interesting concept considering they're only really open for lunch.  Get in the now, Soup Brotha!3.  Arrive early, or prepare to be forced to go with your 4th choice of soup.  "Sorry, we're outta Butternut Squash.  No Black Bean either."  And so on... (But this turns out to be alright because all the soup looks/smells delicious.)4.  Takeout is practically a "must" considering the small space that will certainly be crammed with people waiting for their orders. Regardless, I will surely be back for more of "Milwaukee's Best Soup".  And next time, I will save room for a homemade cookie. :)
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,2/13/2014,58,222,3,6,7>You're building your own frozen yogurt with all the glee of a child on Christmas morning. {These toppings are all for ME??? I can have ALL THE FLAVORS??} Yes, inner child, you can. But be warned, you won't know what you'll be paying for all the things until it's too late. They weigh your cup when you've loaded it all up and tell you your number of doom then. I'm not sure how this can be improved upon, except to maybe put a scale out for customers to weigh and budget as they go. This one thing aside - because frankly, if you're out for frozen yogurt, you're practically eating health food. It's like a broccoli tax. Pay them. - I love Yo Factory. I love that they have several flavors of yogurt to choose from, and that they're always changing. The toppings - OH, the toppings. They stretch on 'til next week!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,2/12/2014,25,63,2,12,4>This review is only for the lunch buffet.Which was great! I've always been a sucker for buffets.  How can you go wrong with that much variety?  I remember the first time I went to Golden Corral and went back to the steak station multiple times for that cut of fatty meat.  I've grown up a little over the years and have to watch a little more about what goes into this body, but I still have a special place in my heart for "all you can eat."Unfortunately, I'm not too well versed in Indian food.  I eat it frequently (and I'm including frozen Indian food from Trader Joes), but I could only recognize 3 out of the 15 or so dishes in a lineup.  That being said, my strategy is to get one bite of everything and then after tasting, go up and get a second plate, and a third plate, and so on and so forth.I really liked a fried mushroom dish, as well as the fried fish, but the staples of lamb vindaloo, chicken tikka masala, and saag paneer make a showing as well.  Usually what happens though is I get a huge plate of a sample of every single dish, but since everything is kind of lumped together on the plate, I forget the dishes that were especially good.  Which makes me go up and get a bunch of stuff that I didn't want a second time.  Don't worry though, I never waste food.  Mom always made me eat everything on the plate.Unless there is another Indian restaurant that changes my perspective on Indian food, I think I found my go to Indian lunch buffet.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,2/11/2014,77,153,7,11,8>A BEST KEPT SECRETWe hosted a 4th of July party this year and, heaven help the world, I had to feed 80 people! I couldn't have done it without the help of the sensational Sandie at Country Maid, the unmitigated "Potato Salad Queen." Country Maid gives me a leg up on some of my more pretentious and competitive friends. You can thank me later...Let me give you the who, what, where...WHOSandie is the matriarch of Milwaukee's best kept secret--the maven of mashed potatoes! I can't say enough about this remarkable woman. From the minute I walked in, Sandie greeted me and offered to help. The incredible thing here is how she runs Country Maid like a well-oiled machine. The regulars from the neighborhood and the employees at Country Maid shuffled through the retail area with a whirlwind fanfare, and Sandie had everyone's sandwich and lunch orders ready for pick up! She is the personification of efficiency like I've never seen. This is someone who understands how to balance her time between tasks and customers in such a way that everyone is acknowledged. She delegates to her coworker to ensure that her patrons are converted into loyal Country Maid fans. Sandie and staff know their product, and they aren't shy about having you sample something to find the right fit for your occasion. Tubs and containers were opened, spoons were flying at me from all directions!  They know that once you taste, you will be hooked! It would make a crack dealer jealous. What I really appreciate is Country Maid's assistance in making sure you have the appropriate portions, and they even give you some pointers on presentation. I had to laugh--I was even sent home with a plan-o-gram photo for my cheese and sausage platters! SMOKE AND MIRRORS, my friends!WHATBesides being a full service deli, pizza station, and salad bar, Country Maid sells individual and party-sized containers of the world's best salads, dips, relishes, cole slaws, and desserts! The product ranges from the basic Blue Ribbon Cole Slaw to the more exotic (and in my opinion, impressive) Bacon Bleu Cheese Potato Salad, and everything in between. Placed in my Martha Stewart Bowls, it was if these recipes were my very own--shhhhh!The price is a BARGAIN: the average is $1.20 per pound! Even if I were Harry Potter and Gordon Ramsey combined, I couldn't buy the ingredients and create these from scratch, for $1.20 per pound nonetheless! AND make delicious dishes like these with complex flavor palettes. It's like having your own private sous chef!WHEREGetting there is an adventure that would rival Billy Goat's Gruff. The pristine kitchens of Country Maid are located on KK. If you're traveling northbound toward downtown, it is just a couple blocks north of Becher St., past the rusty draw bridge, on the west hand side of the street. DON'T BLINK, or you'll miss it. Country Maid's kitchens are concealed by trees! Once in the parking lot, look for the little red "Retail Outlet" awning above the door.RATINGIt's up to YOU to fill in the "WHEN."  Then just sit back and take all the credit. 5 GRATEFUL stars for this culinary gem that  guarantees I won't be "out-Martha'ed" by even my most pissy friends, EVER!
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,2/10/2014,47,107,3,9,7>Hands down, the best BBQ I've had in Milwaukee!This is the one place in Milwaukee that I NEED to have regularly, or I get angry. The pork, brister, rip tips, corn bread, potato..everything is absolutely flawless. What's best is the food is exactly the same everytime you go. The cooks here have found a system that works and they're sticking to it.I've only been to the location on the Southside of Milwaukee, and I was pleasantly surprised. The neighborhood isn't the greatest (but it's is no way not safe), and the exterior of the building is extremely unassuming. Once you're inside the vibe is something like Buffalo Wild Wings with a MUCH higher quality menu. What's best is the lunch/dinner specials. You can get a 1/2 combo plate with 2 sides for ~$10 bucks. And they do not skimp on the meat. I am a big fan of this place. Big fan.Edit: I just noticed this review got me an ROTD. I just wanted to thank myself for my success. I put a lot of thought into this review, and I wouldn't be who I am without all of you. Thank you for being so wonderful Zach!
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,2/9/2014,38,84,1,7,4>Stopped in on a Wednesday evening after getting a massage at pink lemonade spa.  We were immediately greeted with kindness and prompted with a question: "sushi or steak?"  The restaurant is laid out into two sections.   One for sushi, the other for hibachi based steak house.  Desiring the lighter fare, we opted for sushi.  The decor on the sushi side is very modern, but very nice and Japanese feeling.  Alternating led lights illuminate some traditional Japanese paintings hanging behind the bar.  We sat in a booth and was greeted.   some hot tea was ordered.  It is that traditional green tea that tastes oike it has sesame oil integrated into it.  We followed that up with a dinner bento box and a sushi dinner.  I had the sushi dinner.  10 pieces of sushi (2 each of tuna, fatty salmon, white tuna, mackerel,  and shrimp) at least I'm pretty sure that's what it was as it wasn't written as anything but chef's choice.  The salmon and white tuna were fantastic.   Along with this is a white and black sesame covered California roll of 6 pieces.  Pink ginger and wasabi.  Pretty delicious.   There was only one soy sauce that was in a more elegant bottle server.  Unsure if they have low sodium too, as I didn't ask.  My companion had a dinner bento box.  It came with a California roll, 5 pieces of the same sushi I had, 2 long shrimp teriyaki,  3 pieces of dumplings, ginger, a heaping pile of hot rice, and wasabi.  All in all, she got the better deal.  Pretty much the same price at about $22 for each.  Would I go again?  Yes.  Very similar to samurai sushi in Glendale,  but with better decor.  Unknown how the special rolls are.  Go during luch, as they have better pricing.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,2/8/2014,23,49,,8,4>On a whim we decided to bike over and check out the hype surrounding Roll MKE after reading a food truck article in the Journal Sentinel.  The article described menu items as: cheese burgers with bacon jam (!!), brisket grilled cheese (!!!!), sweet/spicy chicken tinga (!). My mouth was watering to say the least. Oh and each sammie comes with fries and a soda for $8!  What a deal.   So we jumped on the Oak Leaf Trail and pedaled our way to the US Bank building in hopes to score one of the delectable burgers/sandwiches I read about.  Being some of the last patrons,  almost everything was sold out. But the guys running Roll MKE were sweet enough to offer to make a burger with what they had left.  OMG this just might be the best burger I've ever had. No joke.  Even without the famous bacon jam, the burger was juicy, cheesy, with a thousand island-type dressing and buttery bun.  The fries were just as amazing, freshly tossed with salt and fresh chopped parsley.  I'm astounded at how delectable this food-truck burger is!!  Well worth the hype (from Journal Sentinel and Facebook) and I cannot wait to stalk their next location and get the grilled cheese brisket.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,2/7/2014,140,249,1,9,7>I haven't been to many public libraries, but I would say this one is pretty fantastic. It's quiet - like a library should be - clean, nice layout, large selection of dvds (which was the original purpose of obtaining a library card... my first public library card since I was in high school!), and friendly staff. If they don't have what you are looking for, you can easily order it from another library. And if you are a newbie like me and don't know how to do that, the staff is more than willing to assist. A great place to relax and would make for a great study spot outside of school.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,2/6/2014,70,316,4,7,6>I liked it. Waited for things to settle in and I knew I was going for hot dogs and wine, so I think that mitigates at least half of people's problems with this place. Biggest problem was spotty service, as it seemed like maybe there was only one server on a Friday night and he was stretched thin. So have more than one guy on, Black Sheep. Poor dude was RUNNING.But our food was good - the trailer park hot dog was on point and filling, the pesto aioli that accompanied the truffle fries is a thing I'd like with pretty much 75% of the things I eat and the cheese curds were crispy and yummy. The happy hour specials are great - $3 house wine (and its good!) until 7 pm on a Friday?! My white sangria for $5 was also delish. Tablemates ordered more than one prosecco cocktail, so I'd say that doesn't suck, as well. The apps were $5, my hot dog was $8 - so everything was in line. We each had two drinks (at happy hour prices), we split two HH apps and we each got a dog and our bill was $60. I didn't think that was out of line and I left full and warmed from my wine drinks.I'll add to Rachel F's comment on the bathroom to let you know that the sheep heads are on naked men in the other unisex bathroom - they are equal opportunity here :)
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,2/5/2014,66,228,5,10,4>I am here to give Sherbrooke some love! Major upgrade from Shepherd's. Classy meets present-day Northwoods is the vibe.We came here a few nights ago for some drinks and an order of late-night poutine, and we were not disappointed. Poutine = a French-Canadian specialty of fries, covered in gravy with cheese-curds on top that melt into a sea of heart-unhealthy deliciousness. This was a really great version of poutine, with a particularly flavorfully-seasoned gravy. Suggestion= get the fries, not the tator tots. Its how the Canadians roll. Our grand total for a white russian, a pint on tap, and a small order of poutine rang in at $14 for two people. Worth it.We stole a look at the menu and are looking forward to going back soon for dinner! The food is not inexpensive, but it features a variety of creative offerings including vegetarian choices, several options with duck and many other more typical meats. It was sort of Wisconsin-French-Canadian fusion, which is pretty much ideal in my world.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,2/4/2014,73,181,,10,6>Ok......been here over a half-dozen times already, so it's about time for a review.  All I can say that this is probably my favorite restaurant in Milwaukee.  Their menu is sort of like the United Nations.........they take an eclectic approach and come up with these "small dishes" that taste awfully good.  That being said, it is their ability to execute with different flavors from around the world.  Their menu is ever changing, but some of the notable mainstays that seem to have found a permanent home on the menu that I never get sick of are the Korean pancakes and the gouda stuffed dates with bacon.  Anyway, one of the things I really miss about not being in LA are the vast Korean restaurants and those damn scallion pancakes!  The Odd Duck does a fantastic job with these.  They come stuffed with clams and pork bellies and topped off with a sweet Asian ginger sauce.  Overall, it's a super tasty dish with a nice variety of flavors and textures.  Not quite the same as what I used to nosh on in K-town, but pretty damn good!  As for the dates, how can you not love a mix of sweet, creamy and salty/fat?  Oh, I also need to add how awesome their stews are.  On two occasions, I've had seafood ones, and both were excellent.  I seriously have not had anything less than good hereThe Odd Duck offers a great selection of Wisconsin cheeses from the usual suspects such as Upland, Hook's, Carr Valley, and others.  As well, you can get a generous charcuterie plate.  Can never go wrong with cured meats from Underground in Madison.  I know that some others have griped about service at times; however, I've had nothing but exceptional service from the staff here.  Their quick at refilling your water, and are always spot on with their suggestions.  Prices are a good value, considering the portion sizes and quality.  it can definitely be a pain in the ass to get in here, so make sure you have a reservation.  Or, you can opt to eat at the bar, which tends to work well if you have a party of two and no reservations.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2011,3/24/2012,16,121,,4,6>As everyone else said, the people that work and volunteer here are very passionate and knowledgeable about the cats. You can tell that they care deeply and want to give each one a home.Yeah, they only have open houses twice a week for a couple hours but get yourself in here during that time and you will not be disappointed. They have tiny kittens to older cats. The quantity of the cats isn't huge but there's enough to find a perfect match.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,3/23/2012,115,276,3,5,3>If you want a stylist that listens to you and your hair cut just the way you want it, Harwood Hair Company will accommodate your needs.  I've never had a bad experience here.  I recommend this salon to family, friends, co-workers... all the time.  Extremely friendly staff, with a comfortable setting.  Free coffee and snacks, too.  They also offer manicures and pedicures as well.  Wonderful!  Keep up the great work HHC!
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,3/22/2012,46,82,4,3,5>I love Tosa. Love, love, love it. And I love downtown Tosa. But I had never been to La Reve before (or even heard of it). I know, where have I been, right? But after journeying there one fateful night with some friends I finally found my favorite restaurant in the city. Location: It's on a side street in the wind-y downtown area of Tosa. There isn't a ton of parking around the area, but it isn't horrible. The front window is adorable and reminiscent of a little café you'd see on the streets of Paris.Atmosphere: It was busy. Very busy. And it was during the week, so I was even more surprised by that. But we were seating within ten minutes of arriving and got the seat right in the front window (awesome). Even though it's hopping inside of the restaurant it's not difficult to hear your table-matesFood: Out of a 5 scale "nom" score, this gets a nom nom nom no (4.5 noms). It was delish. The apps and entrees were perfectly seasoned and cooked. And the desserts ... don't even get me started. If a place sells homemade baked goods then I'm in love. My one suggestion to any diners is to ensure that you order an appetizer if you're a hearty eater. My husband's meal wasn't quite large enough to fill him up, but I was content with my meal.Recommendation: I would definitely recommend coming here. I've heard that their brunches are fabulous as well. When we move out to Tosa this will be my "other" home
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,3/21/2012,64,183,7,6,6>I had lunch here on Thursday, Dec. 29th, 2011. It has fairly elegant décor with rich colors. I partook of the vegetarian lunch buffet ($7.95! ONLY $7.95!!!)  with enthusiasm.There was a hearty stew with eggplant and many salads, including tahini potato salad and a dish with tomato, cucumber and onion in a creamy yogurt sauce. You can eat and eat and eat at this buffet, feel good about how healthy it is, and walk away satisfied.The food was so delicious I was completely distracted by it and hardly heard a word of my meal mate's discussion about religion and politics (perhaps for the best). I wouldn't recommend eating here when you actually need to cognitively engage and merely feigning attentiveness won't suffice. Our server was friendly, timely and very helpful. The only possibly not-quite-positive thing I could say about the buffet was I found the outside of my falafel a little tough-perhaps a little overdone. Then again, the only thing I had in my experience to compare them to are my chickpea meatballs. Chickpea meatballs are in essence Italian style falafel and a great way to deal with a Costco-sized carton of chickpeas which your husband bought before he discovered you're actually not a big hummus fan. But it ain't fair to compare chickpea meatballs to falafel,and quite possibly offensive. For which I apologize. I also really didn't like our seating, which was at a teeny table right in the middle of the room. I hate having my back to anyone or anything at a restaurant-it makes me paranoid, as if someone might at any second burst in the door and come after me. In the interest of full disclosure:  I chose our table :-). But there were no booths in dark and mysterious-looking corners available which I would greatly prefer. Not really Casablanca's fault that I'm paranoid like an old school gangsta.My husband also did the vegetarian buffet, and said he didn't miss the  meat. This endorsement is much more meaningful coming from him than it is from me since I'm a wanna -be flexitarian who will eat bacon, sausage and seafood every chance I get. Ok, maybe not that much more meaningful.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,3/20/2012,20,52,5,2,2>I am not in reasonable walking distance to Smith Beer & Liquor.... so why the F did I come here?  Two words Moscow Mule.  Ever since discovering the Hi Hat uses Gosling's ginger beer in their Mule's, I have been on a mission to find it.  After failing myself (Trader Joe's & Bean's and Barley has a crappy brand called Reed's and Otto's has Cock n Bull which is good, but pricey and not very convenient) I sucked it up and asked the bartender if he knew where I could get it.  Well you guessed it Smith carries it.While hitting up my latest 6-pack there I was lucky enough to be summoned by a drunk Brady street dweller to translate his conversation with the cashier.  Long story short he wanted to trade 2 heaters for 1 can of beer.  I was able to translate his request and the denial of the clerk.  Sketchy, but they got what I want.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,3/19/2012,27,57,,5,5>My favorite music venue in Milwaukee, and one of my favorite venues anywhere, for that matter. This place is a shining example of what a historic theater can look like in the modern world when its run by people who care about the theater itself as well as attracting top touring acts. The acoustics are great, sightlines are phenomenal no matter where you're seated, it's intimate yet doesn't make you feel claustrophobic, and best of all, a tall boy of PBR is dirt cheap and damn good. I've had the pleasure of seeing bands like Wilco, Fleet Foxes, Grizzly Bear, Pavement, and many others at the Pabst. Artists love playing there and Milwaukee is fortunate to have such a stellar venue.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2011,3/17/2012,36,140,7,5,2>Here are the things that are awesome about Cafe Lulu: 1) The hummus is so good. I think they make it with unicorn semen or something because it's magical. 2) The homemade chips are amazing. They have somehow turned making potato chips into an art. And for that, we can all be grateful. 3) I always forget that this place exists until I spontaneously remember it for no reason which makes going there a fun little adventure. 4) The space itself is pretty cool and I like the open dining room - if feels full and busy and fun every time I've been here. 5) Prices are very reasonable which makes this a fun AND affordable get together spot. Here's the things that are mmmh about Cafe Lulu:1) Not a whole lotta shakin' goin' on in terms of a vegetarian menu and I honestly don't know what anyone who's vegan would eat here (minus the hummus). I'm sure there are options, but they sure didn't stick out to me. It just seems weird for a place like this, but like all chubsters - I will figure out how to MacGyver a meal out of anything so whatever...2) Not a huge beer selection which is a disappoint 3) why oh why do they always make me stand awkwardly at the crowed bar for 15 minutes only to seat me at a table that's been empty since I walked through the door? I may never solve this mystery but it's annoying and has happened multiple times. Very solid place and totally worth the effort if you're in the area.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2011,3/16/2012,66,197,5,7,8>I once thought that Zaffiro's had the best pizza in town.  No longer.  That title now belongs to Lisa's Fine Foods (which, bizarrely enough, everyone just calls Lisa's Pizza).  I've lived in Milwaukee for twenty years and only recently discovered it.  For shame.How good is it?  Let's just say that I've gone three times over the past week.  A few things I've realized in comparing Lisa's to Zaffiro's:1) I prefer thin crust over cracker crust.2) A little sweetness in the pizza sauce really makes a difference.3) Crispy bacon on a pizza, along with sausage and onions, is the greatest thing ever.4) Lisa's has a better wine list.I heard good things about their other foods, so I look forward to trying their lasagna and ravioli in the future.  Being in close proximity to Chicago, Milwaukee gets the bum rap as their pizza establishments are overlooked.  But let's be serious, does anyone REALLY like deep dish pizza?  It's awful.  The crust is barely noticeable, so you're basically eating a hunk of melted cheese with some pizza sauce somewhere in there along with some toppings.  No thanks.  I'll take Lisa's, Zaffiro's, and Fratteli's anyday over Uno, Home Run Inn, and Giordano's.  /rantSeriously, eat here.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,3/15/2012,181,369,2,5,6>When the Public Market first opened I didn't get it.  I thought for sure it would fail miserably and that Milwaukee just wouldn't get it.Well - boy was I wrong - and thank god I was.From Spice House's spices to Kehr's chocolates to St. Paul's fish... you really can't go wrong here.I've been frequenting more recently - and really - it's such a welcoming atmosphere.  I always end up spending more time than I anticipated just wandering around.If you need something to do on a lazy Saturday - go down to the market.  Stop for a yummy salad, indulge in some chocolate, chat over a glass of wine, and get some quality ingredients for dinner at home later.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2012,3/14/2012,126,304,4,8,6>I'm really jelly belly of those that live in 'Tosa (i.e. Brian and Joanna)-- seriously, downtown 'Tosa is so cute.  I am a transplant to Milwaukee and yes I've been to Leff's (who hasn't?) but I had never ventured into the downtown. The Mister and I went for NYE- I was looking for something low key & some place we had never been.  I read most of the reviews for Pizzeria Piccola- all great recommendations- and it really hit the spot.  Mister had the spicy pep pizza and they actually made up a veggie pasta dish for me and it was EXCELLENT!  And the portion was big enough for me to eat for lunch the next day.  We also started with the Bread Knots that everyone recommended- those fell a little flat and tasted stale but we gobbled them anyways- duh.I really like the casual atmosphere as well as the reasonable pricing.  I would be here all the time if it was in my 'hood.  When you first walk in there is a sign that explains the process, which I appreciated being first timers.  The girl at the counter was also very friendly and let us know we order at the counter and then go upstairs and our food will be delivered.  I am anxious to check out the patio though this summer.  It looks very inviting!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,12/3/2012,17,72,9,6,3>Call me Natalie Imbruglia, because I'm completely torn.I don't like thin-crust pizza.  I'm from Chicago.  It goes against everything I stand for.I want to turn my nose up every time I drive down Farwell past Zaffiros and continue on in search of real pizza served in an eight-inch high cast iron dish and stuffed with toppings.But I cant.Because I love Zaffiros.It's so bloody delicious.  It's beyond thin-crust.  It's a cracker crust.  How they can put so much cheese and other nonsense on there and still keep it crispy is a mystery on par with Stonehenge so far as I'm concerned.They do mostly a take-out business, I think, but the girl and I have eaten there on more than one occasion.  It's a pretty small dining room, you might want to call ahead if it's a busy day, but we got right in last Friday night.  Contrary to what others say, I thought the service was pretty stellar.  Our waitress was dealing with another table that I thought were being pretty rude to her, but she handled it with aplomb and never made us wait for anything.I can't speak for anything but their pizza.  As I've said before I'm not going to go to a pizza place and order a burger.  It's just wrong.But the pizza is top-notch.  I don't know if it's the best in Milwaukee, but it's the best on Farwell, not excepting that crappy pizza hang-out down the street.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,12/2/2012,53,78,4,6,3>The new Alterra in Bayview (on the corner of South KK and Lincoln) smells like DELICIOUS! Similar to the coffee roastery on Humbolt, this new location will be the baking/food prep center for all the Alterra locations throughout MKE. And your nose will know as soon as you walk up and get a whiff of all the bready yumminess. I was so excited to check this new space out because I've been watching the building construction evolve over the past few weeks. The lot is triangular in shape and it made for some interesting construction challenges that Alterra, in typical Alterra fashion, transformed into some awesome design elements that fit beautifully into the surrounding neighborhood. I seriously LOVE the space that they created-both inside and out!The cafe/seating space is MASSIVE. It's got to be the largest Alterra. Even with the tons of space though there is a very consistent local Alterra feel. A lot of the space has been sectioned off into different "rooms" and each have their own unique feel to them. I especially love the "hybrid" seating they have which essentially functions as both indoor/outdoor areas due to the large (wall sized) windows that can be retracted back during the summer months/warmer days. This is truly a lovely place to sit and sip coffee and watch the Bayview neighborhood pass by. They have only been open since Friday (three days) and it already looks like there are a few regulars. The upstairs area also had a massive garage door that pulls open to reveal a screen window looking out over South KK. There is a really cool water treatment running along the side of the building (with rubber ducks in it but who knows how long those will last-my kiddo loved them though!). You pass the water treatment as you walk from the parking lot (yup!) which is behind the building. The lot is also new and looks really nice (cute little prairie flowers lining the perimeter). It has a 90 minute limit but I think it was smart of them to incorporate the parking space into such a busy area of the city. There is also street parking-if you stay closer to S. KK it is metered but drive a few extra feet and you won't have to pay the man. Also, if you are the biking type there are two large bike racks and one of them is covered!Goodness-this feels like so much to say but I love me some Alterra and I could not be more excited about this new location! Definitely check them out. They did a beautiful job!
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,12/1/2012,117,277,4,6,9>Oh my gracious. There are no words for how wonderful Sanford is. But I will do my best to do it justice.My husband and I came to Sanford to celebrate the end of my doctoral exams. I've basically been couped up with my textbooks for an entire summer, and Sanford was my light at the end of the tunnel. They delivered 100% on my expectations. My ONLY complaint is that they should put an updated menu online. Because I can't remember all of the amazing details that went into each intricate dish. And I'll probably get some of them wrong attempting to describe them. We got the chef's tasting menu, but ordered a bottle of wine instead of doing the pairings. My husband and I are still novice wine drinkers, and tend to like something semi-sweet and fruity with our meals. Our server suggested an excellent vouvray that he said would pair well with their style of cooking. Our amuse bouche was two delicate spicy shrimp atop a dollop of creamy deliciousness with scallions and a citrus gel. Our server told us that he hoped it "got us and our taste buds excited for what was to come." And oh man, that is exactly what it did. We piled the concoction onto the cutest, tiniest little spoon on the planet and began our adventure. The spice from the shrimp was a smoky, mild heat, balanced perfectly by the cream with a nice tart kick from the gel. The first course was smoked salmon with an apple salad and a buckwheat blini. My husband dove in and declared that the salmon was "Amazing - and somehow tasted like sausage." Which sounds weird, but he was right and it was awesome. Paired with tart apple salad and the warm buckwheat cake, it was perfect. The second course was a scallop served with mushrooms, corn, quinoa, and an amazing pesto. The scallop had the carmelized exterior and sweet tender middle that was textbook perfection. The grainy quinoa, meaty mushrooms, and sweet corn accompaniment was genius. I used my warm roll to sop up the remnants of the pesto and sent that plate to the kitchen spotless.Round three was monkfish with fingerling potatoes, cherry tomatoes, and I believe another kind of tomato. There were two sauces swirled on the plate, and the overall flavor combination was brilliant. Everything complemented the fish perfectly, and no single flavor overpowered the dish. The fourth course was seared duck with a chilled foie gras, rapinis, and ramps. I'd never had foie gras before, and figured that this would be the place to try it. Combined with the other ingredients, I have to agree with my husband's assessment that it "Tastes kind of like mayonnaise." But in a good way. It was cool and creamy, and lent a light flavor and texture to the dish.Course number five was sirloin with kimchi salad and a strawberry/balsamic sauce. The kimchi had a nice spice to it, a heat that was a little intense at first, but faded quickly without overpowering your palette. The sirloin was super rare, with the most delicious crust on the outside. The chef accomodated my husband's strawberry allergy beautifully by substituting a cherry gastrique for him, that was slightly sweeter, but still complimented the dish beautifully.Round six was a raspberry sorbet with canteloupe soup. My husband had so much fun with it that I asked the server to bring him another one. This was the perfect palette clenser - our server called it a "transition course" from savory to sweet. Before our actual dessert, the chef sent out a big plate that spelled out CONGRATULATIONS in bourbon caramel sauce with rasperry, melon, and what I believe was white chocolate swirls. There was also a pile of whipped cream and a candle. This may have been purely for decoration, but the sauces were so good that my husband and I cleaned the beautiful plate by dragging our fingers through the sauce. I attempted to use a fork like a grown-up, but fingers just worked way better. Not sorry.Dessert was a maple cake with bits of pork (because bacon will ALWAYS make everything better), blueberry compote, and bourbon ice cream. Again, a perfect combination of flavors and textures. Warm, sweet, slightly salty cake, tart blueberries, and creamy ice cream with that nice adult kick from the bourbon. We paired it with a sweet moscato that came in the world's most delicate glasses (our server confessed that he broke two on his way out to us). At the end of our meal, I told the server that he had to give the chef a high-five from me. He told me that I could come give him one myself if I felt like it. So we headed back to the kitchen, got a mini tour (even though it was 7:30 and the place was packed), and I delivered my high five to Justin. For being one of the greatest chefs I've ever had the pleasure of dining with, he was completely unpretentious and gave us a sneak peak at how all of the magic was made. This is THE place to go to celebrate ANYTHING. I'm going to go work extra hard to accomplish another great thing just so I can go back!
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,11/30/2012,280,856,6,9,9>KEEP CUDAHY WEIRD! The home of Rick Serocki is a local flavor landmark that's a nod to Wisconsin history. Mr. Serocki's yard contains fiberglass skeletons, snowmobile with mannequin rider, pink 1955 Cadillac, telephone booth, tractor, gas pumps, giant nutcracker figures, Big Boy statue, police call box and more!Great blog detailing the home: blog.markcz.com/cudahy-w
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,11/29/2012,11,27,2,7,3>Purchased my Mazda3 here 5 years ago and really have never had a problem.I always go here for my oil changes because I can find coupons either in their mailers or on their website that makes it comparable to any other oil change place.  They always call if they find an issue before they do anything to see if you actually want it done or not.Pretty easy to make and get an appointment and I've never felt uncomfortable there or looked down upon by any staff member "just because I'm a girl".  Nice waiting area with televisions, magazines, coffee, computers, and more, though I typically just go home and wait since I don't live far.My brother and grandparents also bought cars from here dating back to 2005.  I recommend it!
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,11/28/2012,31,55,1,7,7>Brady St. isn't quite what it used to be. It's more hip, it's busier and I don't spend nearly as much time there as I once did. The Nomad and High Hat remain very good choices but they alone cannot compel me to fight narrow streets and horrible parking. But the Coin, now we're talking. It sits a little further on down the road from the hub of Brady St traffic so you can usually find a parking spot close by. It's not as divey as some of the others bars in the area. In fact, it's the closest thing to 'Townie" you'll get from a bar physically on Brady St. The customers are typically of the late 20s to 30-Something crowd. The atmosphere is friendly, there are no cliques here. Dogs are welcomed inside which definitely adds to the over all comfortable feeling you get. The staff is attentive and open for a chat when they aren't pouring. It's well lit and clean There a pool table and a pinball machine in the back that don't see much use. There's a jukebox but I can't say what sort of music is on there, it seems to get less use than the pool table. A lot of reggae get's played; good reggae. At least on the nights I've spent there recently.Cash only bar here but there's an ATM inside. Frankly, I've grown to prefer cash only bars; it seems to help folks keep account of themselves (as in: sober). As far as drinks go; they have decent selection of bottled/canned beers and the taps range from Blatz to Lakefront. There are a few snacks available but I can't say I've been there while hungry.Wednesday is Trivia starting at 9pm. You play per round so you can play for one and still be a winner. I like this better than having to stay for 4 rounds of trivia (and 8 rounds of drinks) just to see if you've won a free drink.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,11/27/2012,26,423,1,5,4>One of the most interesting places I have ever eaten...  Mexican Food / Heavy Metal Music / some of the best margaritas (no crappy mixes here!!) / very nice owner!  I did not think I was going to get my husband to leave...  he loved talking to the owner about music!Menu is going to change he said but now it's standard Mexican food and burgers.  Lots of vegetarian options.  No chips/salsa, instead a chicken broth based tortilla soup.  Great guac, lots of fresh cilantro.Every night has a special, I know Thursday is 1/2 off appetizers but I forget the rest.  Fridays are live Spanish metal music DJ at 9pm, and Saturdays have live bands.  They are closed Tuesdays.Drinks have funny names (Pink Floyd or the Iron Maiden for $6.66) and are really good.  No crappy oversweetned fillers.  Margaritas available are pretty traditional or with interesting things like cilantro (that's the Iron Maiden...  very good) or tamarind.Parking is sparce, street parking is ok or park at the car repair place next door, it's ok.Looking forward to seeing them expect this eclectic place!
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,11/26/2012,59,56,3,4,2>These guys are seriously great. The store is full of amazing lighting options if you want to stand apart from everyone else who buys from big box retailers. We purchased a beautiful chandelier and foyer lamp from BBC and I could not possibly be any happier. Pic: flickr.com/photos/nichol Our Chandelier was missing some parts, and I thought I was going nuts because I had no logical way to hang it. So I called BBC and told them what was going on and they said swing by.Came in and went to parts, and was immediately helped out. They confirmed I was missing parts and hooked me up with what I needed and even showed me how to get the project done right which was amazing. I can not wait to go back into BBC and buy more from them for the house.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,11/25/2012,19,72,5,10,5>My second visit to Three Brothers served to reaffirm my previous five-star review. I made a reservation for two and was reminded that the restaurant accepts cash and check only. It is much appreciated when the staff is mindful of these minor details that have the potential to cause inconvenience/embarrassment if they are not clarified.When Mrs. GPS Navigator announces that you have arrived at your destination, your date is confused as to whether your so-glorified restaurant find is actually your aunt's house, given that this is the only business on this cul-de-sac. Upon our arrival, the table was quickly set, and we notice that the other patrons seem to be regulars. Good sign.We exchange pleasantries with the waitress, and she later imparts her knowledge on the different dishes; some good black bread is brought. As a starter, the date is having the Serbian salad (which I had had before), and I, the walnut, decide to try the Chicken Dumpling Soup. As expected, the Serbian salad was a major success, particularly the Serbian cheese content of it, and the Chicken Dumpling Soup delivered the sober, light natural chicken bouillon taste I wanted. We share a half carafe of the house red wine, which was fruity and good enough for the price.The stars of the evening were the main courses. We were roasting for each other, so, understandably, we ordered roasted versions of lamb, for her, and free-range goose, for me. The lamb was cooked to perfection, and threw me off a bit in a good way, as it tasted more like goat (which I like more than lamb), but not gamy at all. The color, texture, temperature, juiciness and flavor of  the goose were heavenly, and all worked together to have me justify the use of my hands to reach for those parts of the goose hidden by the bone. To close a delectable dinner, we shared a cherry strudel craftily prepared to feature fine filo leaves; the quality of the cherry compote leads me to think that fresh fruit was used.  This is a lengthy review even for my verbose standard. I must be in love with Three Brothers, as gay as that sounds.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,11/24/2012,34,86,,6,2>Compared with other Vietnamese restaurants, these portions are much larger. My initiation to Vietnamese food was when living in California. My favorite dish is Bun, a bowl of noodles with fresh herbs, meat, peanuts and some lettuce or other greens. A dressing comes alongside, which I pour over the bowl, and dig in. This version is very nice but too large for one sitting.I also enjoyed the cocktail, Basil Smash. Unexpected combination and very good execution. My husband orders Pho and this time tried the vegetarian version and loved it. Attentive service, lovely space. Good date night restaurant. Families come in (where else can you get a menu teens and adults like?), but mostly without young children.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,6/4/2013,68,130,4,12,5>This used to be my go to market in MKE. It is owned by a Laotian family so I am able to find many items that are in my repertoire since my father is a native. I am also very impressed by the American that speaks Laos there! The papaya salad (tom mak hung) is very authentic (I do admit I still make my own but if  I couldn't I would buy it here). The staff is really good at educating Americans about SE Asian products. The store is also probably the cleanest Asian market I've ever been to. I would say that this is the BEST place to shop in Milwaukee for those that need some assistance with SE Asian food and/or cooking. My only gripes is that they do not have any fresh meats or seafood (can't do my weekly shopping there) and that parking is kinda a bitch..... Otherwise, I love this market!
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,6/3/2013,28,118,5,3,4>I called it months before:  I want to go to Joey Gerard's for my birthday.  Friends were assembled.  Calendars were cleared.  Anticipation built.  And the day, a Tuesday, finally arrived.  Seven of my besties and I arrived to learn that we had a back room all to ourselves.  From that point on, we ate, and ate, and ate.  Admittedly, we drank a little, too.  We started with the freebies:  a relish tray and cracker baskets.  We added on with a popover for each of us (YUM!) and The Badger:  an assortment of smoked fish, cheese, pickles, beets and other supper clubby stuff.  Several of us had, and thoroughly enjoyed, the chicken noodle matzo ball soup.  Our entree selections were varied, and it should be noted that although with drinks and all of our add-ons we made this an expensive evening, it does not have to be.  The menu does have offerings of sandwiches and salads.  We just decided to live large.  It was my birthday, after all.  I had the chicken and ribs; the chicken was okay and the ribs were fantastic.  Next time:  all ribs for me!  Our server Jessica (coupled with someone else whose name I cannot recall) had just the right amount of sass to keep us on our toes - loved her!  Dessert time came, and we were stuffed.  Jessica offered a free dessert for me, which I ordered, and then decided on her own we didn't have enough chocolate so she brought us a couple more desserts to share, on the house.  The gang spent three hours in this back room eating, drinking and being extraordinarily merry.  Loved this place, and I'll be back.  It really is a supper club with class.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,6/2/2013,40,76,2,8,4>No doubt about it, this is the best car wash I have ever had! I literally walked right by my car, one of those "Is this MY car?" moments. Fantastically clean.Metro Car Wash offers several different packages from just a basic hand wash to presidential to king of the universe kind of stuff. For a regular person like me I went with the Full Service Wash which is interior and exterior cleaning. For people with fancy cars you can get all kinds of specialty detail packages.MCW is first come, first serve. I came on a weekday but I hear the weekends can be a pretty long. I would HIGHLY recommend this place.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,6/1/2013,172,484,,5,4>They have good deals on lots of stuff for the kitchen. Some better deals may be able to be found elsewhere, but the knowledgeable staff more than makes up for any slight amount more you might spend here than elsewhere. Just about anything you could possibly need to cook in the kitchen can be found here, minus the food. This place is for sure recommended if you need kitchen gadgets, pots and pans, flatware, plates, glassware, or really anything else kitchen or dining related. The staff knows stuff and listens to their customers, the selection is wide, and the prices are good.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,5/31/2013,21,177,3,6,6>We have now tried this place twice to make sure our first experience was a valid.  This place rocks!  Amazingly good food without the aftertaste (come one, we've all had that experience!).  I don't know the name, but the chicken dish in a tomato sauce is one of the best things I've ever eaten.  The garlic nan is outstanding.  We also enjoyed the eggplant and mixed veggie items.  I should mention the service.  It seems a bit harsh at times, but it really is not.  We went with our young daughter and they treated her like a queen.  The owner even called the store next door to have mango juice delivered especially for her as a parting gift.You have to try this place.  Some of the best food in Milwaukee.  There is absolutely no atmosphere but who cares!
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,5/30/2013,61,275,,7,3>I decided to take my puppy to Central Bark because I wanted her to learn to socialize with other dogs and other people, and frankly, because I needed to get her out of the house so I could vacuum which she would not stand for. The first time I dropped her off I was a wreck.  She was just 4 months old and we'd never been apart.  But they gave me a tour, walked me through everything I could expect and at noon, they called to give me an update on how she was doing.She goes at least once a week now and when we get out of the car she runs up to the door, anxious to get in.  The pictures they post on Facebook during the day not only put my mind at ease, but explain why she is so tired when she gets home.I also tried out another doggy daycare facility in the area and Central Bark is the clear winner.  Central Bark stands above the rest b/c it's clean, they have a huge outdoor play area for the dogs, including play equipment and a kiddie pool in the summer and every morning each dog gets checked for fleas before being allowed in.Once when I had a business meeting in Chicago that I couldn't get back from in time to pick my puppy up, they drove her to my sister's house in Wauwatosa so she wouldn't have to spend the night there.And in my opinion, the grooming my pup has had done at Central Bark is far superior to the grooming she's had done at a speciality grooming boutique.The only thing I wish is that they had someone on staff overnight for boarding.  If they added this it would be 5 stars for sure.But it is really an awesome place.  They are not just doggy daycare providers, but a real support system for me.  I've never had a dog before and I have all sorts of questions and the staff here always listens to my concerns and gives me fantastic advice.  To be honest, I trust these guys more than I trust my vet.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,5/29/2013,53,87,,10,6>Milwaukee was incorporated as a city in 1846, yet we have a chapel here that was built in the 15th Century. The chapel sits in the middle of Marquette University's campus and is open on weekdays/Saturdays from 10am-4pm  and Sundays noon-4pm. When MU is in session, a mass celebration takes place at noon Monday thru Friday and at 10pm Monday thru Thursday.  This makes the chapel one of the oldest structures in the Western Hemisphere still being used for its original purpose. I have brought many groups & individuals to the chapel as it is very unique and rather remarkable. The chapel was originally moved from France to Long Island in the 1920's and then donated to Marquette in the 1960's. There are quite a few interesting artifacts in the chapel including a medieval altar which predates the chapel by 100 years. The legend of St Joan of Arc kneeling at and kissing a stone in the chapel before going to battle brings a real intriguing draw all of its own. Make sure to take a walk around the chapel and see the urns outside as well as the amazing terra cotta tile roof - I believe there are more than 18,000 tiles.  In the spring, the tulips and flowering trees are so beautiful.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2012,5/28/2013,156,661,8,8,8>I don't go to casinos - even went to LV and never dropped a dollar - but I had a blast here when I went with my dad - a 65+ year old fella who loves Bingo and slots. So, I went and played some dollar slots. Won $400, then lost it, then put in $8 and won a  big pile of dollars. Wow, thanks PBC! I got the hell out of there with the pile of cash as fast as I could. So, I went back a few weeks later, and dropped a few hundred. Well, sometimes you win, and sometimes you don't. There are some real pros here. I was here on a Saturday and there were people playing 2-3 machines and I got a kick out of the fact that each time I tried to put a buck in a granny or grandpa dashed in front of me like Sméagol from the Hobbit protecting "my precious"... well, what can you do, it is a casino and there are a lot of people spending the Social Security check. If you haven't seen grandma in a while she is probably here smoking and playing her SS money! Good luck grandma. One other thing. Milwaukee is not an integrated city. It drives me crazy how bars, cafes, and whole areas of the city are still starkly divided along the color line! Puke! But, PBC is the only place I have been where everyone from every race, ethnicity, religion, and class goes to hang out. It is the ONLY place I have been in Milwaukee where this happens. Way to go you Native American casino for bringing people together!
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,5/27/2013,73,141,6,10,8>How have I not written a review for Bronze Optical yet?  Anyway, let me tell you about my latest experience:I walked in without an appointment, and it had been over a year since I've been there.  Bronze looked at me and said "Steve, I suspect it is time for new glasses.  I just got a new shipment of Dutz lenses, and there is one particular pair that I know you will just love."  His colleague went into the back room and brought out the pair he was talking about, and i purchased them within minutes!  Be impressed that he knew my name within seconds of being there.  Be impressed that he remembered the type of glasses that I liked (including the COLOR) within seconds of being there.  Be ready to receive the best customer service you will ever receive when you go there.  I like to talk about my new glasses with people, but I enjoy more telling them about the experience of getting them!  When I wore my new glasses, during the first few weeks, my friends didn't say to me "oh you got new glasses" they said to me, instead, "Oh you went and saw Bronze!"  Product is one thing, service is everything.  Speaking of product, Bronze has an interesting and exciting blend of frames for just about everyone.  If you are tired of boring frames, consider making a statement with a pair of frames from Bronze.  My last pair I had for almost two years and would regularly be complimented for them...which was great because i got to talk about Bronze Optical!I simply cannot say enough about how pleased i am with the service, product, and experience of Bronze Optical!  I have now purchased 5 frames and have referred most of my friends, who were all met with the same experiences as I have had.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,5/26/2013,280,856,9,5,6>THIS ACE IS COMMODIOUS. It's probably the largest Ace Hardware I've ever been in and could match a smaller box store chain. The departments are clearly marked with signs. A paint employee helped me find everything for my project. He was a friendly grandpa type that probably offers people Werther's Original candy.FOR THE RECORD: I do take candy from strangers.PURCHASED: Dry wall corner tape, dry wall compound, corner trowel, sanding block, 2" paint brushWERTHER'S ORIGINAL COMMERCIAL: youtube.com/watch?v=zU64
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,3/13/2012,1,9,7,4,1>16 February, 2012: What you read here is an update to my original review, below.As a man who favors function over form, my first experience at Knockouts disappointed me more in form than in function.  To wit, my first trip there left me with a great haircut at a reasonable price, and my primary criticisms were with the delivery on theme and clumsy hospitality.  But as function was served, I hadn't been completely turned off.Having returned to Knockouts several times since then, I find myself compelled to update my review, and am happy to report that form has improved greatly, and function has not suffered for it.  There has been a changing of the guard recently.  Now, not only are the haircuts top notch at reasonable prices, but also the Knockouts are much more so, the service delivery is finely tuned, the refreshments are always cold, and I find myself having fun going there - which is quite something to say about a haircut.Liz and Ashley - the regular crew - greet me by name, carry on easy conversation with me, keep the theme going strongly (hint hint), and consistently deliver a great haircut.  So with the recent changes, I would enthusiastically encourage people to give Knockouts a try.  I don't suspect you'll be disappointed.~ ChrisFrom September 8th, 2011 - 2 stars:What Hooter's is to food, this place purports to be for men's haircuts.  Only, having recently gotten a haircut here, I'm inclined to say that in the tacky-yet-delightful realm, Hooter's does better in both theme and service delivery.First, the knockouts weren't.  A different shift on a different day may prove me wrong, but by fairly general standards, the theme was not upheld when I arrived.  Crass?  Perhaps.  But I must stick by truth in amateur journalism.  You've come looking for a review, and I intend to offer you an honest one.Second, the service was clumsily delivered. I was kindly offered a refreshing beverage, only to be handed a room-temperature Diet Coke, which provided me no refreshment whatsoever on the hot and humid summer day.  And no sooner was I handed said Coke than I was seated in a barber chair and covered up.  So the Coke sat in my hands the entire time, achieving body temperature.  The shampooing was rough, bordering on frightening, and relaxed me not one little bit.  And as often happens, the staff were simultaneously giving rough shampooings, greeting new arrivals, and answering phone calls.  So my haircut package was delivered in fits and starts.For all that, I did receive a great haircut.  The facility was clean and inviting.  The Knockout theme does extend to some great sports memorabilia and ubiquitous televisions featuring sports coverage.  The staff were friendly and conversational.  And the services were reasonably priced compared to competitors.But for my dollar, I will head to Sports Clips in West Allis, where I've received better service.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,3/12/2012,42,146,,6,3>I was really excited to see this place open up, so naturally I had to go and give it a try.  Small place, but awesome.  The decor is very warm and inviting, and also fits the theme.  I had the brisket sloppy joe, and well well well, it looks like I have a new favorite sandwich in Milwaukee.  I love barbecue sauce, and I love brisket.  Your typical brisket sandwich doesn't have much sauce, or at least not like this.  SO GOOD.  The sweet potato fries were very good, light actually, because they were not soaked in grease.  If I would rate just based on the coleslaw, probably would be a 1 star, but who goes to a joint based on their coleslaw?Overall, really great.  I can't wait to go back and try other menu items!
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,3/11/2012,313,188,2,3,3>I was sitting here for a minute trying to decide if I wanted to go with a 4 or a 5... it really probably deserves something right in the middle but I decided to round up... because the overall experience i had was pretty rad...More than anything I like that they play with some traditional breakfast items, giving them a little twist on the way you would find them at most other places... The stuffed hash browns for one... there are about 5 different kinds to choose from, which means i have to go back at least 4 more times... my lady had the french toast... thank you france. ish was delish. my buddy had the chorizo omlette i believe. this was awesome as well. i had the burger with an egg. it was good. real good, but not special. i was just in the mood for a burger... yes i'll go back. you should too.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,3/10/2012,79,138,,6,3>I don't think there's anything I don't love about Riviera Maya. You might pay more for a margarita than at other places, but they're made fresh and that's worth it in my opinion. The guacamole always tastes fresh. It's a simple preparation, but I like it and one can spice it up with one of the two salsas they provide. Their coctel de cameron is one of my favorite in the city. It's loaded with shrimp and avocado. It's great for a lighter dinner or for lunch. My other favorite lunch option are the tortas. They're large and always leave me with half a sandwich the next day, but the bread is soft and the veggies fresh. Generally I stick to the usual plan; pick a mole and a filling. I prefer to have it served with the tortillas on the side, but you can get it enchilada style as well. Another one of my favorites on the menu is Riviera Maya's version of chile relleno. It's not heavy and greasy as it is in a lot of other restaurants, plus the chiles come stuffed with the filling of your choice (my favorite: calabacitas). Also, Riviera Maya is a hidden gem for weekend brunch. I definitely recommend getting a side of the chilequilles with green sauce. Vegetarians: be sure to ask for the vegetarian version of the tortilla soup when you order.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,3/9/2012,172,484,3,4,6>Yes, this place is about as divey s they come. Yes, the lighting is pretty much  horrible. Yes, they serve their food on paper plates. Yes, their silverware is nearly as thin as aluminum foil. So why would I give this place 5 stars?Well, I would give it 5 stars because they are not trying to be anything they are not. The place is a dive and they know it. They don't overprice their meals. Everything is about $5 or less , and despite being really cheap it's also really good. They don't have fancy plates and silverware. It's paper plates and cheap forks and knives. There's no portentousness here, everyone is cool and the service is great.The chicken mole I had was pretty awesome, and my wife's enchiladas were great too. I would say it is as good as practically any of the other restaurants in the area, but not fancy and a lot less expensive.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2012,3/8/2012,30,62,,8,4>Eddie Martini is quite possibly THE BEST steakhouse in Milwaukee.  The steaks explode with intense flavor and thus far, service has been impeccable.  Today (for lunch) we tried:1. Lobster bisque: a soup reminiscent of butternut squash is poured over a generous serving of lobster. 2. Soup du jour (corn chowder with crab):  one of the BEST components of the meal!!!  So refreshing!!!!  Must try!3. Side green salads: Fresh, fairly plain.  Unremarkable.4. Beef stroganoff:  lots of beef shirt rib.  Very tasty.5.  New York Strip: I felt like I was in paradise as the natural jus flooded every taste bud in my mouth.  OMG it was delicious!!!  6.  Volcano chocolate cake:  Huge, rich, indulgent. We could not finish it.  Loved the sour cream frosting on the side. Bottom line:I will definitely come back again and again for a great steak in a cozy intimate atmosphere.  Both lunch and dinners here have been absolutely outstanding.Note: it does feel slightly stuffy when most of the clientele dress in suits and are associated in some way to the Medical College across the street.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2011,3/7/2012,51,147,11,7,6>It's like a live action Lillian Vernon Catalogue. Seriously, it's a ton of shit you had no clue existed that you don't need. But sometimes....you want. I have no clue where I'm gonna wear the vintage 1940's velvet beret with netting, I just know it was $5 and I looked cute in it. Old fashioned beer mugs and Pink Potted Plants,Things that will scare you like lawn ornament ants,Retro Telephones that sadly can't ring...These are a few of Maxwell Street ThingsVintage street signs and boxes of pinsTaxidermied Muskies along with their fins,Farmer's Market produce and the salsa it bringsThese are a few of Maxwell Street things.When the brats call, when the beer singsWhen I've had all I can....I simply remember there's more to adoreAnd then I don't feel so bad.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2011,3/6/2012,117,277,6,5,6>The Palomino taps in to a hugely neglected market - the vegetarian who doesn't want to eat wheat grass and bean curd lightly drizzled with agave nector. This place caters to vegetarians/vegans/and carnivores alike who share a passionate love for all things grease-laden and deep fried.But the ultimate Palomino experience can be summed up in one word: Tot-chos. It's everything you love about nachos...except on tator tots. Spicy nacho cheese sauce, amazing pico de gallo and the option to add a meat/faux-meat topping. It's one of those ideas that is so amazing and simple that you kick yourself for not thinking of it yourself.But stop being so hard on yourself, just go to Palomino and order them. The only sub-par food I have ever received at the Palomino was at their Hangover Brunch. I went with a group of five, (who ordered the Missed Connection, the Skilleton, and the specials - all amazing) and I ordered the Mason Dixen Waistline - because I was craving chicken fried steak. Now...in my classic defintion of chicken fried steak, the steak is pounded super thin. This version was a chunk of meat about two and a half inches thick, heavily breaded, and SUPER tough. I was not a fan. So...just a heads up...avoid that one.Fortunately, my companions all eat like birds and I got nice and full off of their leftovers.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2011,3/5/2012,90,490,1,8,6>A little different than the other South Asian restaurants in town as this is a Pakistani-Muslim Sindh or Punjabi place.  In Chicago, any good Pakistani place has at least 6 off duty cabs parked outside, no matter what day or time it is, but we took a gamble and went in even though there wasn't a taxi in sight. It's an odd location, and they seem to have avoided decorating the place, and instead just went with the decor that was already there from the previous restaurant.  They're not even a year old yet, maybe they're still working things out, there were some things on the menu that they couldn't serve the day we were in. Otherwise, service was good, though there was only one other customer the whole time we were there. Parking is easy, they have their own surrounding parking lot.  Judging from the sprouting weeds, the parking lot has never been filled.  It is worth the drive out from Milwaukee, because the food is different from the three good Indian restaurants in town.  We liked the spinach-dal combination, lamb and beef kebabs (which you obviously won't find in a Hindu run restaurant).  Pakistani style meat dishes aren't swimming in sauce like Indian curries, and the seasoning is subtly different.  You have to order rice separately (which I find slightly insulting),  Don't forget to get a roti, paratha, or naan order too. If you like Middle Eastern food, Indian food, you should try this place out, because Pakistani cuisine is sort of half way in between.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2011,3/4/2012,18,41,5,8,9>I don't do bars.  I don't drink often.  I love Foundation.Make sense?  No, not really, but let me explain.  First off, nothing against barfly's or drinkers, different strokes for different folks, it just isn't my cup of tea (or cup of tropical drink in this case).  But Foundation is what I like in a bar when I like a bar.  It's jam packed with kitsch (the non-annoying kind), has a great drink list with lots of fruity drinks and you get to take home some of the goofy cups like a McD's happy meal of alcohol.I was lucky enough to go with an authentic Hawaiian which helped to determine if the  place hit the right level of authenticity and taste.  She approved (see Lacey B.'s review) and so did I.  I had the Tiki Barrel which was about 100 different things and a mint leaf.  It was mostly fruit juices with a lot of different types of alcohol in it.  It was strong but not overly alcoholy which means it was dangerous and a big part of the reason I stopped at one (I am a light hitter, I confess).  My friend had the grass skirt which I think I might have liked better then mine as it was even more fruity then what I had.  I can't really get into descriptions on the exact notes and flavors that crossed my tongue because everything here seems to have a dozen things in it.  I can't point to one flavor over another, I just know they make the right mix and that's all that matters.The drink list here is insane, I love that there are drinks that let you keep the cups they come in (though the cost is built into the drink, which is fine) and it's just a cool, unique place in Milwaukee. Foundation can now be added to the only other bar I like, At Random.  Both places have something that is uncommon in our city and what they do, they do well.  I will be back.  Like Pokemon, I want to get all of the take home cups here.  I must collection them all.  One at a time, just so I don't stumble.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,4/4/2014,23,60,,7,4>I joined the WAC a few months ago when the temperature was below zero. When I first arrived to check out the gym it took a few minutes to figure out where to park and to find the elevators. The woman who greeted me showed me around the gym and discussed the specials they had going on. Since I was joining around new years I got $150 in WAC cash. This is cash you can use at the WAC towards speciality classes or training sessions. Also, since I completed my 2 personal training sessions (free) I recieved another $100. I bought personal training sessions with the WAC cash and have been enjoying them. The machines are newer and kept clean. I also love that there are windows in this place. This makes it much easier to do spin or run around the track. There track is pretty amazing as well. I'm am outdoor runner and have difficulty running on treadmills.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,4/3/2014,69,124,9,7,6>I usually don't like to review places that have been only open for 20 years. I mean, they're still working the bugs out and should be forgiven if they make a mistake or two.That said, I'm going to go ahead and review Steny's of Walkers Point anyway.This start-up has found its rhythm quite quickly after their soft opening only 7,000 days ago. I had lunch at Steny's recently with a colleague. We were impressed with the speed at which they were to deliver our sandwiches and salads. Heck, most places are still learning how to communicate from the front and back of the house at this point in their young lives, but Steny's delivered fresh and hot food with smoothness and speed.For pub food, Steny's just might be making some of the finest in the city. They don't market themselves as a "gastro pub" ('scuse me while I gag -- I've always hated that term), but the quality of the food that leaves the kitchen is much better than one might expect from a corner bar. A number of entrees or sides have a decidedly Jamaican flavor. It's with trepidation that I recommend the Jamaican potato salad as a side over their peanut-oil cooked French fries--only because the fries are so darn good!--but this spicy side is my favorite potato salad ever. Nothing wrong with grandma's eggy, creamy potato salad, but if grandma would've thrown in a handful of chopped peppers and savory seasonings like Steny's does, she just might have been the next Food Network star.Since opening, Steny's, too, has catered a little more the beer snob in all of us. There's a few chalkboards behind the bar listing a nice selection of local craft beers. Some of them can be a bit unique -- I've seen a few on their list that I've not seen on draught anywhere else.And if televised sports are your thing, no matter where you sit, there ought to be a TV near your face. I've found Steny's a particularly good lunch spot on the first two days of March Madness. With each TV showcasing a different game, I'm in short attention span heaven.So congratulations, Steny's, on your successful start-up. It looks like you're going to make it through that perilous time when 95% of small businesses fail -- the first 20 years.  Just keep on delivering that delicious pub food and cold craft beer, and I'll look forward to your next 20 years![Note: Cod Sandwich]
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2013,4/2/2014,228,281,11,11,9>This place is uber great, but get there early.  They tend to start running out of soups by 12 and then it gets a little thin from there.  Now that you're rushing out the door for that hot, wet goodness, I'll say more.  They do, in addition to the soups, pre-made sandwiches and sweet snacks.  Adding a half sandwich to any soup is $2 ($3 on it's own) and they're tasty, albeit basic.  Egg salad is very good.  They also have cookies, brownies and fitty-cent hard boiled eggs.  There may have been salads, but I've got a well-trained blind eye to those kinds of things.  Someone will have to check on that.Their website lists the daily selection of soups, which makes for a conveniently fast exchange and easy planning.  They are cash only, but $10 will get you everything you might need, with sizing starting at 8oz for $6.  Lines tend to move relatively fast, except for the days that someone starts asking what's in each soup instead of reading it off the menu over their head.  I've seen this happen at least three times.  And not once did either of the ladies behind the counter roll her eyes and point up at the sign.  Like I would've done.  Great service.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,4/1/2014,137,194,5,15,7>Speed Queen is a an MKE classic.  One of a very few barbecue joints in Milwaukee.  The plus is that they use a real pit, not a commercial smoker.  The ribs are smoked dry, with sauce served separately. Good consistent 'Q. - Nuff said.The minuses? The neighborhood is sketchy, the Q is served through a bulletproof window, the seats in the "Dining Room" are like plastic fast food booths.  I suggest carry out.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,3/31/2014,64,138,10,12,10>Can I just copy and past Brian's review? Because amen, brother. It's shocking that I haven't reviewed Bel Air Tosa, seeing as I've been there 10+ times, as well. It's so close, got a great atmosphere and lots of yummy things that keep me coming back. PLUSSES: - the guac. Killer. Mild enough for my toddler. Delicious enough for me to scoop up nearly by the handful. - the atmosphere. Fun music, always hopping. This is the place to take people and have a fun dinner out. - the salsas. I love the trio of salsas they give you - and great chips too! The orange one is the best, trust. - the seasonal margaritas. Ginger pear stand up!MINUSES: - service. always slow. usually friendly. Just pray you get some guac and margaritas so you can ride out the drag times. That said, some servers are great and all are quite friendly. - wait times. Especially now that it's gotten colder and the patio is closed. I wish they let you call ahead, especially bc a lot of us live blocks away. - parking. Not sure how people from other areas feel about this, but I would hate to drive down here and try to find parking. Lot is pretty small. This neighborhood hangout is in my heavy rotation list.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,3/30/2014,64,183,6,7,6>I COULD LIVE AT THIS PLACE. No seriously. The staff are so nice and accommodating that if I decided to move in they'd probably rush around to set me up with a cute antique vignette in a back room. Seriously. Friendly staff greet you on every floor (and there are three expansive ones) and offer help. I'm not a serious antique fan and I'm totally enthralled by this place. The huz and I spent three hours here on my first visit and I was enthralled every minute. The inventory is amazing, captivating, mysterious, nostalgic, charming, colorful...I could go on. I could buy all my personal jewelry and jewelry for gifts here the rest of my life and go nowhere else. Great place to bring friends, visitors to MKE, co-workers, whomever. I'm sure everyone would find something to geek out about.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,3/29/2014,73,288,8,7,8>There is something here for every member of the Lambda Lambda Lambda Fraternity.I live a block away from this place, and I have to say it brings a lot of joy into my life. I always slow down when I'm driving past to read whatever clever quip they have on their outdoor sign.I try to make a trip here twice a year, mainly to read all the signage inside the store and to buy goofy doohickeys and other random stuff. I stopped in just to look around and read some signs since I was walking to the neighboring comic shop anyways. I ended up spending one hour here. This last trip I bought construction paper and almost bought a Mr. Bill action figure. This might be the least I've ever spent here.I'd probably waltz in here more if I was into the whole "build your own rocket" lifestyle, but I do dig doing the occasional art project and this place comes in handy for that. I also dig having really weird knick knacks all over the house, and this place will get me in trouble sometimes when I buy too many.If you have older kids and throw birthday parties for them, this is where you buy their party favors.If the Zombie or any other Apocalypse ever hits and everyone is looking for supplies at grocery or big box stores, I'll be raiding the shelves here. I'm going to be the MacGyver of all the survivors.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2014,3/28/2014,104,296,7,11,7>I like a good, cozy diner.  The word itself ("diner") calls to mind visions of comfort in both food and the squishy booth seats.  We had a group of 6 at 5:30, so we were easily seated at the front table, and even by the window it was warm.  I am a happy girl when I can dine on a wintry Wisconsin day, and not be shivering all the while (as it often happens at many neighborhood restaurants).  It could be that the space is tiny, and the kitchen open, but it works and it smells fantastic too! I ordered the turkey club wrap, and I swapped the fries for tortilla chips.  The menu has similar offerings to the chef/owner's former stomping grounds, so I knew the chips would be worth the trade.  The portions are accommodating to an empty stomach, and I highly advise that you come with one or at least a friend willing to share.  But, the food is so well made and fresh that sharing will be difficult.  You will want it all for yourself.  Believe me.  I definitely wanted to dive into two of my fellow diners dishes: #1-the reuben--skyscraper stack of corned beef and kraut on this beautiful marble rye; #2-the tuna melt-cheesy, gooey, and packed with flaky fish in between grilled pieces of ciabatta bread.  The ciabatta was not overly thick.  It was more about the crispy crust and that filling.  It was all you saw, and it made my mouth water.  My one dining companion was kind enough to offer a sample of the cole slaw.  It was creamy and peppery. It was the cracked black pepper that made it unique and scrumptious. I want to have another outing to try some of the breakfast items.  I love me some breakfast wraps and pancakes, and they offer both with healthy substitutes (i.e., egg whites and gluten-free).  Yes. You can have your [pan]cakes and eat 'em too.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,3/27/2014,135,158,1,8,3>I love Swig and it's one of my favorite restaurants! I love how they have a delicious selection of small plates... Especially the spinach and artichoke dip. It has the perfect blend of cheese!Their lunch sandwiches are only served till 5pm and I highly suggest the turkey bacon apple club BUT it's amazing on a Pita! (You will have to ask for this change). Either way the sandwich is delicious! The atmosphere is very laid back and relaxing. It's more "upscale" than the sister restaurant Water Buffalo so I would suggest wearing something nice. This is a hot place for business lunches. Oprah was even here once! :) During the summer they open up the front area and during the winter they have fire places so their is a very "cozy" atmosphere. Also, a fun date restaurant!Also their selection of martinis is perfect! They are delicious and I suggest the Pear Martini! One downfall.. Parking is terrible so if you make a reservation leave enough time!Overall, Swig is a favorite!
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,3/26/2014,96,52,19,18,14>*Skips in holding skirt.* OMG!My fists are shaking right under my chin & my elbows are scrunched into my rib cage! My eyebrows are high & my feet are close together as I bend my knees & bob up & down!Squeee!This place is mad adorable.It's like a Volkswagen busload full of gals from your favorite girl next door website crashed into an Etsy store & it all burst forth from the internet & settled together in our analog realm as a neighborhood cafe.I can't wait to stop in a bunch more to form a better opinion of the food. I'll definitely update after I've had a number of breakfasts, lunches, & brunches under my belt.Today, I searched the area closest to my work & found Birdie's for lunch. I went with the signature Birdie's Wrap & some Anodyne coffee. It was delightful.So far, the architecture & interior design of the place are the biggest stand-out - and the employees. All are incredibly pleasant & adorable & welcoming.Is it wrong to describe a place as feminine? Maybe only if one is using it as a negative description. I'm down with femininity. This place has the touch of a lady all over it. Ladystink. I like it. It relaxes me & makes me ready to relinquish control.It's so comfortable & quaint & cozy & lovely & sweet. I went in winter, but I bet it is fantastic to enjoy the patio in warm weather.The wrap & coffee were great. Straight forward & fresh. The service was friendly. Some of the ladies working are the very same you see on the website - they didn't just use stock photos. Those are real life Milwaukee shop gals! Or cafe gals. I'm not sure which they prefer.You should definitely try Birdie's. They sell lots of handmade arts & crafts. I wish there were a few more places like this in Milwaukee. *Skips back to work between the shadows of the Harley & Miller campuses, pig tails bouncing.*
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,5/14/2012,17,64,6,5,6>Pizza Shuttle has a reputation for being a greasy pizza place for drunken college students. They probably use the least expensive ingredients to make their pizza and ample amounts of animal fat to prepare their food.AND IT'S AWESOME.I got a huge slice of pizza on lunch for 99 cents.I got a spotted cow on tap for two bucks.I got a three scoop sundae delivered to my door at one in the morning. I got some surprisingly awesome hot wings.I love you pizza shuttle.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2012,5/13/2012,70,316,,7,3>I always get turned off when I think of iPic because of the price ($16 for a reserved seat), but I have to admit that the positives of this place far outweigh the negatives and I remind myself that it comes with popcorn, so the price evens out. They do offer a $10 ticket, but those rows are on the floor and offer a pretty awful movie-viewing experience. There are giant comfy seats that recline a bit and have arm rests and cup holders and a place to put your popcorn. The theaters are on the small side, meaning you don't have 200 people talking and moving and unwrapping cellophane-covered candy. With my ticket and a giant soda, I spent $20, which is completely comparable to what you'd spend at a Marcus theater for your ticket, popcorn and soda.So I have to get over the mental block about iPic. When I bought my ticket online, there was no additional fee (I'm pretty sure there is one at Marcus) and I was able to pick it up at a kiosk in less than a minute, so I appreciate that kind of service and also being able to pick my seat in advance. I also had to tick a little box saying I was over 21 for any movie that goes past 7:30 (I believe) and I'm a big fan of that. The teenagers in groups of 20+ are one of the reasons I hate going to North Shore Theater in Mequon, so this to me is worth any extra ticket money I might be paying. While it wasn't an issue for me tonight, movie night is usually a dinner and a movie date for my BF and I and therefore I don't want popcorn and then the ticket becomes price prohibitive. Other Yelpers got food prior to the movie at the high-top tables outside the Ovation bar and while the nachos were huge, I wasn't too impressed with the bits I nibbled. But for a pure movie-going experience, if you're in a popcorn sort of mood, I don't think you can beat iPic in the Milwaukee area. There's just something to be said for the big, big chairs and small, intimate theater.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,5/12/2012,94,294,2,3,4>This is a great local hardware shop. They have most anything you could want. Almost as soon as you walk in, you are greeted by an employee who will assist you in finding what you need. They are very knowledgeable and friendly. I really like this place. I also like that I can walk here. It is their 90th Anniversary this year. Be sure to stop in and congratulate them. They are holding a drawing for a gift certificate.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,5/11/2012,26,70,,2,3>So I've been going here since it opened, might as well write a review, right? It's a simple trek down Humboldt from my house and it's become my de facto Saturday and/or Sunday breakfast and/or lunch spot. Not always the fastest, but you can count on quality and consistency. My normal gets are an XL skim latte and an avocado BLT or Local Yolk'l. Coffee and a sandwich are able to kick me kickin for the rest of the day. Atmosphere wise, it's always comfortable. Whether you're inside or outside, it's laid back and easy to have a conversation, read, do some work, or just relax. Another plus about this location is getting to watch them actually roast the beans and make their coffee. If you're looking for a real treat, get a Bullfrog. Minty, chocolatey goodness. Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2012,5/10/2012,46,552,3,3,3>My love; oh Corazon you have my heart.  Ha ha.  No poem here.But their margs are legit, they use local El Ray products, which I think are super tasty, burritos are the way they should be (huge), and the service is super attentive and friendly, even when slammed. Their vegetarian options are an added bonus.If I had one wish, my Corazon, it would be that you had more specials and were open later on Sun!
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2011,5/9/2012,26,70,3,5,5>I was wrestling with the decision of whether to give Yo Mama 4 or 5 stars just as much as I was wrestling with the decision of what toppings to put on my frozen yogurt.Yo Mama gets 4 very enthusiastic stars from me. The only thing holding it back from entering the elite 5-star club is the frozen yogurt itself. If it had been true blue ice cream, you'd get another star out of me, Mama. But then again, that probably wouldn't work very well as a self-serve option. Alas, frozen yogurt. (But as frozen yogurt goes, it was tasty!)I loved all of the choices for toppings and had a hard time narrowing it down. I ended up with Dutch Chocolate covered in brownie bites, toasted coconut, raspberries, and crushed peanuts. It was delicious. One regret- wish I would of swirled the yogurt with the New York Cheesecake. Next time.The decor was really fun and contemporary. Clearly, a lot of thought went into it. Also, we visited around 8pm on a Friday night. Probably a bad idea.  Swarms of people were everywhere. I'm surprised we even got a table. But with as much buzz as Yo Mama has been getting, it's probably busy all the time.The concept alone is so neat and such a draw that I'm sure they'll be super busy and in business for a long time to come.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,5/8/2012,28,54,2,9,6>I do my research... it's not always spot on, but it is much better then doing No research at all.  After reading the reviews,  it appeared that Justine had some of the best feedback, especially how she can intuitively know what you are looking for...  So I picked her.  Justine was able to visualize what I wanted to create.  I showed her a few pics and explained some of my hair issues.  I think Justine listened attentively.  She's younger, and I don't think I would consider her  a "master " stylist, However, give her a few years, and I see massive potential.You will want to fall in love with this girl the minute you see her.  Justine welcomes you in to her world with love and positive energy.  She's a doll basically.  She kept telling me what a "super cutie" I was, which gave me a boost of confidence.  And she's also a vegetarian (I have a special place in my heart for all of the other veggies out there).I was very happy with my haircut.  It was the first time I had gone there.  My bangs were cut a little bit too short on one side, but we were both trying to collaborate on getting a particular look that didn't actualize itself completely.I'm not an "easily pleased" person ... I seek out perfection.  if you generally spend around $40 per haircut, Justine will get you your money's worth. I'd like to try her again but I'm happy with my current stylist. I think Justine is growing as an artist exponentially... She was definitely the most upbeat and fun hairstylist I've been to in a while.  Ten star personality.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2011,5/7/2012,64,138,3,7,5>Delicious! That's my immediate thought upon recalling my pre-dinner drinks here on a recent Saturday night. Though we were the first ones there (at about 8:15 on a summer Saturday), it wasn't all that awkward as the bar staff are cool and chill, and achieve a good balance of comfortably chatting with you and leaving you alone. The range of options for champagne lovers like me was great, and I especially enjoyed the three pages of inventive champagne cocktails. $10 each, not too bad for the range. I started with an Asian Persuasion, mmm mmm. With a chunk of ginger in the bottom and a delicious mix of sugar, star of anise and other yummy spices on the rim, this one pleased my palate big time. Also got to try the Belle Fleur -- delicious purple-pink tinged champagne cocktail with a hibiscus flower (tastes like fruit rollup!) floating inside. And the Vie En Rose or some such French rose-related name cocktail (I'd had two by that point, sorry I don't remember) which was similar to the Belle Fleur, just with some rose flavor added in. Yummy all around and the place had started to fill in nicely in the roughly 30-40 mins we were there. A random mix of people, all enjoying themselves on the chic, comfy seating (blue couches in cool configurations). I can see why this place would be popular for events, it's a gorgeous space! And taking the elevator right up to the floor it's on feels kind of swank and fab. Will definitely be returning.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2011,5/6/2012,77,153,10,4,2>HOME OF "LAX-I-CANDY!"(Admit it, you want to know what it is)[Skip right to the bottom for my favorite: "Lax-I-Candy"]Okay, everybody knows that Quality Candy rests on its reptuation as in iconic bastion of flavorful chocolates and fresh popcorn, cheese corn, and carmel corn. Seriously, if you haven't tried the above-mentioned treats, then you need to add Quaulity Candy to your bucket list. For the holidays, you can count on Quality Candy for holiday-themed chocolate figurines, easter baskets, gift boxes, and wrapped foil chocolates in virtually every shape, color, and flavor.But, Quality Candy is my source for a little gem of  a treat I have appropriately named Lax-I-Candy. In fact, I am so awe-struck with its greatness, that it inspired me to write a little song (albeit, a crude one) at the end of this review.WHAT IT IS: It's a laxitive. It's a candy. It's two, two, two treats in one! It's a hard candy that tastes great, and comes in several flavors. It's sugar-free and therefore does not promote tooth decay. So mom, it's okay to give to your kids--IN MODERATION!WHAT IT DOES: Well, besides tasting  abso-friggin-lutely delicious, it can relieve you of a few of those extra holiday pounds if you choose to ignore the warning on the label. Ladies, you can appreciate losing a dress size in one sitting. But even gents like myself might want to slim down for an upcoming date. Combine it with a sports drink, and BAM, you're back in those skinny jeans.Now, the song:Lax-i-candy, you're the best!,put you to the weight loss test;Lax-i-candy, could it be,you could be the death of me?;Lax-i-candy, made in France,do the sacred poo-poo dance;Lax-i-candy, take a chance,just don't fart, you'll soil your pants!Well, you have to have a certain sense of humor to appreciate it. Have a great day, everyone!
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2011,5/5/2012,94,388,,5,3>This is a beautiful park and the lighthouse is the icing on the cake. I have seen an old postcard of the park from years ago and can just imagine people enjoying the area back in the day.The lighthouse has received a nice facelift around 2007 as well.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2012,4/23/2012,228,281,3,3,5>I love independant things, whether they're businesses, people or randomly occuring things in nature.The Oriental, complete in it's gracefully aging glory, is one of those independant things that I hope sticks around forever.  The sound and screen quality may not be Imax, but such a thing would come across as ridiculous here.  I don't want a plaster and paper mache shell around a diamond...I want tarnished silver, a quality of stained ivory.  That sort of charm that only exists in a thing with Age.Pricing is somewhat better than big theaters.  Some newer "big" movies come out here (Harry Potter said what? FTW, that's what) but I've mostly seen smaller movies here, such as Food, Inc and Bottle Shock.  (Foodie films of high recommendation by me).I'll come here as long as the doors stay open.Also, Night of the Living Dead Puppet Show.  Seriously, have you seen this shit yet?  It's friggin awesome!  And they do it here!  My four star just went five!
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,4/22/2012,26,85,,3,2>I have been here numerous times and am a huge fan. They are great at accomodating large groups and I always see birthdays being celebrated. That being said, reservations can be tough to get last minute. There is always open seating at the bar. However from past experience, in order to get a seat at the bar during peak hours, you have to be ok with being creepy (staring at the couple finishing up their dessert), pushy (pushing past the throng of others heading towards the two open seats), and a ninja (how else are you going to take down those old ladies that think those seats are theirs?). The place does not look like much from the outside, but inside, you have a spanish terra cotta like feel. The international tapas dishes are numerous. There are definitely hits and misses. I highly recommend the ceviche, their specials of the night, the patatas, their lamb dish, the thai curry, and their desserts!!- The creme brulee and tres leches cake are phenomenal! I believe Monday nights are half off wine nights as well. Overall, this is definitely not a place to miss while in Milwaukee.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2012,4/21/2012,34,86,1,7,4>I am more of a mouse potato than a yoga master. But my sitting all day at a monitor wasn't helping my bones, so when my doctor found week bones, I had to kick it up a notch, but not injure myself. Invivo offered a Yoga package to try them out and I've stayed several years now. First, the variety of classes is great. When I'm feeling strong, I try the more challenging classes, and when I'm feeling stressed I take the gentler meditative classes. I enjoy the variety and being able to sign up on-line to reserve a space in the classes I want.The gym has plenty of equipment for me to do a circuit, and there are plenty of tread mils available.Wonderful atmosphere. Serene, gentle and friendly. It is not noisy, so if you are looking for a place to pump iron with a throbbing beat, this ain't the place. The Yoga studio and the gym has wonderful light and overlooks the river. The dressing rooms are elegant, with showers and a sauna (women and men have their own). I've had a massage in the spa, taken some of the specialty classes (Pilates) and workshops (Nutrition). They keep it fresh with new offerings always being rotated into the mix. The trainers in the gym will check me and make an adjustment whether or not I'm paying for a session. In good weather, Yoga classes go out on the roof for a change of pace. A good place to escape the cruel dark world rushing, pushing and shoving.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,4/20/2012,20,147,,5,7>I started getting headaches from the prescription lenses I had in my aviators and decided it was time to switch back to the factory lenses I got when I purchased the sunglasses.I called Saturday afternoon and figured I'd have to make an appointment and pay some absurd price to have it done. I was pleasantly surprised to find that they welcomed my project as soon as I could get through the door any didn't charge me a dime. Luckily, I had a gift certificate for Subway in my wallet and was able to buy the gal who hooked me up lunch.It's service like this that the world needs more of, that's for damned sure.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2011,4/19/2012,12,27,2,2,2>Ah, Sciortino's. I wish I could bring Lou Monte back from the dead to belt out a song about their Italian bread, or Dino di Laurentiis to produce a film about their cookies. Al Capone would've waved the white flag for their chocolate croissants. Frankly, I'm unable to appropriately articulate my feelings for Sciortino's. Just go. First thing in the morning. Tomorrow.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2011,4/18/2012,147,207,2,7,6>Any place that can make pork rinds sexy gets my vote!I cannot even believe that I consumed so many variations on pork in one sitting. From pork rinds to pork belly sliders, I loved it all. Even the chicken and waffles were covered in bacon.I loved the living room quality. We sat on couches around a coffee table, looking at the wine closet, and chatting. It was a very comfortable intimate setting that was quite unexpected. The Dark and Stormy was perfection....And it was even on special that night, so apparently Beta and I are meant to be.The specialty drink prices are a bit high for me, but the food was reasonable for the quality. Go in with a mind set to share and watch how many drinks you're adding to your tab and you won't break the bank.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,4/17/2012,148,281,5,3,2>The Bobbie, it is delicious.The service, it is great.The price, it is a little expensive.The parking options, there are not many.The hours, they are limited.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2011,4/16/2012,39,87,,13,5>In the winter months, I probably visit here at least once a week. Mom's Pot Roast, Cream of Potato and Chicken soup are offered Monday through Friday plus two additional soups. They post the menu on their website so you can plan to visit when some of your favorites are offered. I try not to miss Beef Stroganoff, Black Bean Chili or Baked Potato Bacon. Don't forget to visit them on Saturdays or you will miss out on Cream of Chicken Wild Rice and Texas Chili. They also offer paninis and subs. There aren't many tables so get there early.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2011,4/15/2012,43,51,1,4,5>99% of the time, I am a strict vegetarian, meaning I cannot say vegan due to the fact that on days like today, I want some CHEESE!  I was listening to a program on 89.7 about grilled cheese, and I said to myself, "self, I'm going to Kopp's for a grilled cheese and pickle sandwich!" That was the best decision I have made all day!I have loved Kopp's for as long as I can remember.  It was my first job when I was 15. I made the shakes and sundaes...and I wore them all over my clothes.  The restaurant is clean and the food is consistently delicious.  The owner and managers are good people.  The same managers that I had when I was 15 still work there.   That is a testament to the way that the owner, Karl Kopp, treats his employees, and for that, the whole establishment gets an "A" in my book.  My favorite sundae of all time: Hot fudge and raspberry!  My favorite shake or malt: Cherry!My favorite custard flavor: Tiramisu!Although I don't eat meat at all, I remember LOVING the burgers and chicken sandwiches, with pickles-a-plenty!If ever I were to end this vegetarian thing (probably won't happen), Kopp's would be where the ship went down!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2011,4/14/2012,155,417,3,7,7>Oh, Industri, you have completely won me over. Let me tell you a secret, I checked out your menu months ago and wrote you off. Not enough food options for me and too meat-heavy. Then I attended a fantastic Yelp event (Flannel Fling), and your superb service and delicious appetizers won me over. After that, I vowed to give your dining experience a chance and Sunday brunch was that opportunity. It was fantastic. First of all, you won me over with your fresh-squeezed lemonade. I got mine berry-fied and it was so, so good. I'm glad to know that I can get a real lemonade here now, instead of the powdered junk at most places. I had a couple sips of my husband's Surly Temple and that was so wonderful, too. You have a great deal on Bloody Marys during brunch and after I saw servers bringing them out to many other diners, I wish I had gotten one (but day drinking makes me sleepy, zzzz). It was positively gigantic and stuffed with a billion garnishes. I LOVE beverages that are also appetizers. Next time, I will drink the hell out of one of those. I ordered the fried egg muffin sandwich and the homemade kettle chips. The sandwich had cheddar and apples on it, which was a lovely combination. The kettle chips had a good texture and a nice, smoky BBQ flavoring. Paired with a garlic aioli, these are easy to get addicted to. My husband got the pulled duck wontons and he loved them. Even the coleslaw served on the side was delicious - probably the best I've ever had! He also got the Industri eggs benedict and thought they were good. He liked the cheesy grits as a base but thought the apples had an odd flavor. I also love your decor and layout. It pleases me that while you do have a TV by the bar, it's easily visible, should you want to watch something, but not so prominent that it's a distraction to everyone. Our server Nicholas was friendly and attentive. We'll be back!
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2010,3/5/2011,14,135,4,10,5>I felt the need to update this review in order to offset the idiotic reviews written by the chicago people.3 stars because the interior is worn down?  Because the neighborhood sucks?  This isn't a place for fine dining.  Its a lunch-only (mostly take-out) with the best corned beef sandwiches in the midwest.  I have been to many delis in chicagoland and none of them are as good as jakes.  Nobody comes here for ambiance, or to take a romantic walk through the neighborhood.  They come here for the best corned beef in town...btw jake's now accepts credit cards.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2010,3/4/2011,126,304,3,4,4>This place is so fun!  I felt so dignified eating here and drinking tea!  It was just so blueblood but in a good way.  :)  I am always telling myself that i need to act more like a lady so I should probably be going here every day !The English Muffins are to die for....I keep meaning to take my Mother here because she loves English Muffins.Also, a great place for work meetings.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,3/3/2011,21,177,,4,3>My favorite Italian place in Milwaukee.  The staff is friendly and professional.  The atmosphere is elegant, but relaxed.  And, most importantly, the food is outstanding!  Must haves include the osso bucco if it is available and the homemade ravioli is always great.  Both lunch and dinner are outstanding, and you can sit outside in the summer.   Nothing compares to the food in Italy, but this is as close as we have come to replicating that experience in Milwaukee.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,3/2/2011,115,264,,2,3>I am quite surprised to read the negative reviews of Blue's centered on poor service, because on my 2 visits the service has been acceptable on on occasion and superb on the next.  On my most recent visit, I had the corned beef hash with a side of bacon. Delicious. The hash was meaty with a creamy sauce binding it with the potatoes, the bacon was cut thick and wonderful. I will say that I am not a fan of deviled eggs, but the server recommended the salmon/caper egg and  before I could finish chewing ordered 2 more. The place is built for brunch, and as such they have some great breakfast cocktails. My personal favorite is the Manmosa: Three Floyds Gumballhead ale with OJ. Awesome.  A short wait at such a popular place is inevitable, and in my opinion Blue's is worth the wait every time.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,3/1/2011,147,87,4,8,4>When I get off my ass and write reviews on Yelp it's because the spot has an intangible that rises above the basics of what brought me in the door to begin with.  THREE LIONS PUB has heart.  That's the bottom line.  Its a great bar for any part of your night - knock around British fun, belly up to the bar, get a shot and a beer and see whats up.  Plenty of day time action too with full soccer schedules and all sports on giant flat screens.  The bartender said they are opening a kitchen soon with classic Brit Pub/American Bar food and that will seal the deal for Three Lions as the star of the North Shore.  ride up Oakland Ave and have a pint!
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,2/28/2011,73,356,2,2,3>This is the best dog park in the city.  The people are friendly and considerate (which means you generally won't step in a big steaming pile, although you should usually watch where you're going at any dog park).  Also, people are responsible to not bring aggressive dogs to the park.  There are wide-open spaces and great trails.  Don't forget to find the bridge that runs over the creek.  It's a great place to let your dogs lap up some muddy water and wallow in their own filth...you know, all the stuff dogs like to do.  Bring boots though, it can be muddy sometimes.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,2/27/2011,155,417,,3,3>I've visited The National a couple times and it's always a good experience. The service isn't particularly impressive, but friendly enough. They have delicious standard menu items but they change up specials and treats every day. I wish it was closer to my work for lunch, but weekend brunch is a great time to go. I appreciate that they have tasty choices for meat-eaters, vegetarians, and vegans alike. I always end up taking some sort of baked good to go because they're irresistible!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2010,2/26/2011,38,141,5,5,4>The fact that this place is located in Milwaukee does not completely and totally get it a free pass, but it does count for something, and that's why I'm giving 4 stars. I saw this restaurant when it first came into existence, but never stopped in. Finally, after having tried many different Korean restaurants all over the country, I decided to give it a shot when life brought me back to Milwaukee. I crave Korean food on a daily basis, so I was quite excited that this place could be the answer to my prayers. I went at 12 on a Saturday. I just wanted take out. When I walked in, I was happy to see that there were quite a few people there. I was promptly greeted, however I did not know what I wanted, so I stood there and looked at the menu. During that time, I noticed that the waiter was quite busy and realized that maybe it was busier than I first thought. So, maybe Milwaukee does in fact have some sort of an appreciation for ethnic foods (sorry to break it to you all, but Wongs Wok does not count). As I was looking at the menu, I noticed all of the things that I would expect a Korean restaurant to have. So, I ordered bibimbap and kalbi. I asked for a side of kimchi, as it is on the menu, however the waiter told me that it is not available for carryout! Although a bit of an inconvenience, I had to google Asian grocery stores and run and pick up some kimchi. I just can't fathom the idea of eating Korean food without kimichi. So, I went back to pick up my food and took it home. My stomach was growling and my mouth was watering as the smell wafted through the air in my car. I kept trying to dig in the boxes for a taste whenever I was at a stop light, however I was quite unsuccessful. Once I got the food home, my coat got dropped on the floor and my shoes got kicked off and I was headed to the kitchen to dig in. Of course the bibimbap is not the same when it is not in a stone bowl, but it was okay. I've had better, but it certainly was satisfactory. The kalbi was tender and flavorful. It came with rice and leafs of lettuce, which I greatly appreciated. The portion was definitely sufficient. Along with the food, there were two dishes of soup, and three little cups of accompaniments. Yes, one of those cups was kimchi, but certainly not enough to last an entire meal. I just wish that I could have ordered a side of kimchi to go. Overall, I was quite pleased. About 50% of the Korean restaurants that I have eaten at did not include leafs of lettuce. They either were not available, or they had to be ordered at an extra cost. So, it was very nice that this place included them. I will go back to try some of the other things that they offer. I think that I might also have to make it back there during the week for lunch to try the buffet.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,2/24/2011,71,160,2,3,3>Love this place! The first time I went here was before it was on Food Wars. I had the bomber burger - which is their signature burger. It has a burger topped with a stuffed portobello (I ordered mine fried) - omg, so good. Deliciously juicy and flavorful. We had a large group and ordered pretty much all of the sides to share - my favs had to be the sweet potato chips and the onion strings (mainly for the dipping sauce). I love the decor and our server was great. We had noticed a sign for a free burger on birthdays and we mentioned it was my birthday to our server - she said you had to sign up online, but she still gave me my burger for free, which was awesome. I love the decor and the way they "deliver peanuts." I've never been here for lunch, always dinner or for drinks. I will definitely go back.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2011,2/23/2011,18,215,3,6,5>This museum is a perfect little gem on Marquette's campus.  For one, it's free.  every day.  What's not to love about that?  Two, it's small and not overwhelming.  I hate walking into a huge museum and feeling like I'll never get through the entire thing.  Three, it has an original Salvidor Dali!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Four, it has a crazy scary portrait room of really really old people that is fascinating.  Five, it does a great job of bringing really interesting exhibits to campus.  Six, it's free!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2011,11/30/2011,51,147,7,8,7>Spinderella Cut it up one time!Went to Spin last Friday as my friend had reserved one of their ping pong tables for an hour. IT WAS A BLAST. I sucked of course, but that's not the point. I'll tell you why:1) You know how normally when you play ping pong there's only like 3 or 4 balls and because you suck you're constantly spending most of your playing time chasing the damn things around the basement as they ricochete like crazy off anything they come into contact with? You don't have to do that here. You get a gigantic bucket of balls right at your table that gets constantly replenished by the professional "ping pong ballers". (I'm not sure that's their actual title).2) The paddles are new and in good condition. Not those outdated, chipped pieces of junk that your friends inevitably drew patterns on with blue ballpoint pen. Why on earth do they do that? Was that a thing in the 70's?3) The floor is one of those professional grade squishy athletic floors. Not that I was doing high impact moves but in case I do, I'm covered, that's reassuring. 4) The nets are taut. Not those sagging excuses for nets at your friends parents basement.There is a full bar but it is also a very family friendly place with non-alcoholic cocktails the kids can enjoy. There is a main table in the middle of the floor that is super duper spotlight lit with a scorekeeper and everything. I aspire to play at that table, I just gotta practice more.The only complaint I had was the lighting made it difficult to see the balls. Not that when I could see them I could hit them anyway. I spent the night flailing my arms, paddle in hand, laughing my ass off at how ridiculous we looked. I would go back in a heartbeat.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2011,11/29/2011,23,117,2,6,5>I absolutely loved my first experience at The Establishment! My previous stylist moved out of state almost a year ago and I've been searching for a new stylist ever since... to no avail. When a friend suggested I give The Establishment a try, and the deal was sweetened with a Yelp $10 for $20 special, I couldn't pass it up. I was in desperate need of a haircut after putting it off for nearly 6 months. Justine could not have done anything better. She (along with everyone on staff) was friendly, kind, professional and a great listener. I had a fabulous experience and I love my new style! I could not recommend this salon or Justine more highly!
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2011,11/28/2011,55,104,,2,2>I was in a charity fashion this past weekend called Strut and the stylists at Vici were kind enough to donate their time and creativity by providing for all of our hair and make up needs. It was an over the top, dramatic event (what else would you expect from a group of interior designers) and they did a fantastic job with all 15 models. I got nothing but compliments the entire night and I'm sure I wasn't the only one. I would definitely go here personally and recommend anyone needing a stylist for a special event to consider Vici as well. They are up to any challenge.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2011,11/27/2011,41,225,5,5,3>My girlfriend was hesitant to try The Eatery when we first heard about it because of the name.  She said "The Eatery... they couldn't come up with anything better than that?"  I got her to give it a shot, and we were both glad that we did.  Don't judge a restaurant by its unimaginative name, my friends.The employees were very nice and the food was great.  When ordering an appetizer I was told they were out of cheese curds (bummer)... but then we went with our fallback - the "Tootsie Rolls".  Weird name, AWESOME appetizer.  They're wontons with cream cheese and red pepper, served with a honey dijon sauce.  Incredible... just... really really good.  The cheese was a great consistency and you could easily eat them without any sauce, but a little bit of the sweet sauce helped take them to the next level.  One of the best appetizers I've had ANYWHERE.  Do not skip these.For entrees, my girlfriend got the Mushroom Tortellini, which she liked... but said the red sauce was pretty run-o-the-mill and wasn't anything special.  She said my Pig In A Pot was better - which it was.  Succulent pork loin with provolone cheese and mushrooms... in a flower pot.  Very cool unique presentation, and more importantly it tasted delicious.  It came with some really well-seasoned vegetables too, and it was really nice to take some of the pork loin with gravy/cheese and add a little mashed potato to each bite.  5 stars for the Pig, 3 stars for the Tortellini.  For dessert, we had apple cinnamon bread pudding served with a scoop of ice cream.  They nailed it.  The bread pudding was more like a tarte or cake than tradional bread pudding, but it was moist and perfect with the apple cinnamon glaze and ice cream.  There is no doubt in my mind we will be back at The Eatery again.  I've got other things I need to try (Tinga... I'm coming for you my sweet piggy friend).
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,11/26/2011,69,73,3,3,2>Also, spend a dollar and get one of those vibrating chair massages. You will look like a total weirdo but you will feel like a thousand bucks afterward.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,11/24/2011,38,241,5,7,5>OK I consider myself a chicken wing connoisseur at this point.  I have often been skeptical of any place called "fill in the blank" chicken and fish.  With that said, we needed a quick meal, had a taste for fried chicken, and decided to give JJ's a try.  I am glad we did.  Wings are by-the-pound, and they seem very generous.  They come with a bar-b-que and a hot sauce that are both great.  The fries were good as well.  Not to mention, all their chicken comes with a white powder on top that I can imagine is their secret to success.  If you want extra, it is referred to as "crack powder."  No joke... this garlic-salt-like powder really put the wings right over the top.  Pair that with some good fries, reasonable prices, grape soda 2-liters, and endless specials, and you have yourself a good, fast meal!
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2011,11/23/2011,140,249,3,7,3>I would have never known about Mazo's if it wasn't for the Groupon offer. Tucked away on the south side, this is a gem of a hamburger diner. The burgers are HUGE and delicious, and the meals come with two sides. The "American fries" are fried potato slices, I highly recommend these as a side item because they are very tasty (probably not very healthy tho!). The homemade soups they offer are super yummy as well as the shakes and malts. Prices are resonable, especially for the amount of food you get. Make sure you come very hungry because you will leave feeling stuffed!
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,11/22/2011,273,26,,7,5>Yan means Beauty.  And that's exactly what you'll get at this fabulous salon. Are you looking for a stylist who listens?  Someone with the sense to get to know her clients and the creativity to take their styles from good to great? You know how it can get with a stylist.  You both fall into a routine and your hair goes from being brilliant to bland... I'm pleased to say that that hasn't been my experience at Yan.  I've been seeing Tracy for 5+ years now, and I don't think I've ever experienced a bad cut or color.  Nor have I ever felt the urge to move on to "try something new."  Part of the secret to her success is that Tracy really listens to her customers.  Never blinded by appearances, she really seeks to get to know her clients and determine what they need to bring out their own inner beauty.Specializing in both color and contour, both Tracy and her colleague Amanda invest in a collaborative approach that brings the client directly into the styling process.When I can walk into my salon and trust my stylist enough to say "Give me something new" -- and trust her implicitly -- that's a beautiful thing.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,11/21/2011,65,128,2,6,5>Is it just me or is WMSE getting better and better?  I find myself listening to shows that I've never been interested in before.  Some of the Blues Drive shows are different than they used to be.  More music that is rooted in the blues but might be considered to be in different genres.  That didn't really make a lot of sense.  I guess I'm saying the songs are more interesting than they used to be.  It's not just the same old Muddy Waters tune on the Blues Drive.  It's not just the same popular local band every day on the Local Lunchbox.  Djs have a lot of say in what is played and they seem to be opening up to many different bands.  WMSE was always a good alternative but now they seem to be my number one choice just about anytime of the day...every day.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2011,11/20/2011,30,62,1,7,4>DROOL!!  Alem was way tastier than I expected!FOOD: We ordered 5 entrees:C1) Doro Wot - 1 chicken leg and 1 hard boiled egg in a spicy stew. Yummy!C2) Doro Tibs - cubed chicken breast sauteed in a mild sauce.  Not quite as tasty.  I thought it was pretty bland and wasn't anything special.L2) Yebeg Keay Wot - small cubes of lamb in a spicy stew.  This was definitely my favorite.  L3) Yebeg Tibs - larger pieces of lamb (texture and taste similar to gyro meat) sauteed in onions and peppers.  This was my 2nd favorite.B8) Kitfo (Ethiopian Steak Tartar) - finely minced beef tartar with spicy seasoning.  You can choose between raw, medium, and well done.  Ours was medium and ended up tasting kind of weird.  I imagined this dish to have thinly sliced raw beef, but the beef was soooo finely minced that it was unappealing and had the texture of powder.  Weird.  Our least favorite dish.  Each entree came with 2 of 3 veggie options:V1) Yemiser Wot - spicy lentils.  Tasted very similar to my lamb dish (Yebeg Keay Wot), but without the meat!V2) Collard greens lightly seasoned.  This was a huge hit at our table!  You'll love it if you enjoy collard greens.V3) Yellow split peas in a milder sauce.  We thought it was pretty tasty, but our group thought VI and V2 were the best. They put all 5 entrees and the 10 veggies onto this HUGE serving platter that occupied almost the entire table.  I'm a big fan of eating family style and I was stoked to be able to try everything.  We each got 2 rolls of injera but the pigs that we were -- it wasn't enough.  We were so happy when the waitress later gave us a complementary basket of injera.   AMBIANCE: They had an Ethiopian singer/dancers on the TV screen.  It was kind of mesmerizing to watch them thrust their shoulders and hips.  Not the most modern restaurant, but it had a decent vibe.  It felt kind of humid in the restaurant.  Not sure if they would turn on the AC if it was a warmer day.PRICE:We had a $25 off $50 Restaurant.com certificate.  After tip, our grand total for 5 entrees, 1 beer, 1 mango juice was $57. SUMMARY:I've only had Ethiopian food one time in the past.  Alem completely changed my perception of Ethiopian food.  It was so delicious and I'm now a fan.  Just writing this review right now is making me wanna heat up some leftovers!
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2011,2/11/2012,54,340,2,6,5>Hidden out in the open on the corner of 84th & Cleveland, Michael's is a well known secret of West Allis and surrounding areas.  Small diner type feeling is a host to numerous regulars.  I've been going here for years since I was introduced to it in 1991 or so.  They have the BEST chicken dumpling soup.  They are known for their broasted chicken and fish fry as well.  They offer breakfast, lunch and dinner and you just can't go wrong.  They even have pizza now and offer carry out on all of their items. A definite must try.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2011,2/10/2012,65,128,,4,3>Pete's has moved into a bigger building just behind the original market and it's even more of a good thing!  More space.  A more modern look.  Lot's of fruits and vegetables.  My favorite pico de gallo made fresh every day.  The best guacamole in town.  Decent prices.  It's nice to see a good business like this growing.  Congrats to everyone at Pete's and here's looking forward to the next expansion!
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2011,2/9/2012,28,102,3,4,3>Ate here with a group of friends last Friday and was extremely impressed. I had always heard good things about Maxie's, but I wasn't sure if this was the type of Southern restaurant that served food made with care or if it was just taking its hints from a Country Kitchen menu. In the case of Maxie's it is the former, I can assure you....er...y'all.It was a Friday night, so it was busier than a cat trying to cover up a turd on a marble floor. People were everywhere and it was standing room only. Thankfully, they have a good system where you get a number card so you don't have to stand around hoping to hear your name. They'll find you and let you know your table is ready. We grabbed some drinks from the bar and waited outside. Once ready, we were seated upstairs which is roomier than the first floor. Everything on the menu looked so good that it was difficult to choose. I eventually settled on the chicken fried chicken. I also opted for a supper club salad. Since I was also interested in the side dishes, my wife ordered three along with a salad so we could share everything. I knew the portions were large, but wasn't expecting them to be as big as they were. The side order of fries was gigantic. By the time we received our entrees I was already full, but I kept on shoveling food into my gullet. The food is so tasty it will make you wanna slap your momma, and then slap your momma's momma. The chicken was lightly breaded and fried and sitting on a bed of mashed potatoes, the likes of which I've never tasted before. The tasso gravy that accompanied the dish had some kick to it and was so good I wanted to kidnap the chef, take him home and force him to make gallons of it for me to bathe in. The mac and cheese was delish, but it does have bacon in it, so keep that in mind if you're a vegetarian. The maple braised collard greens just melted in your mouth and the fried green tomatoes were every bit as tasty as you imagine them to be. Others in the group got the brisket, which was also superb.Everyone in the group had a great time and I cannot wait to go back and try some of their other offerings. I never was a person who raved about Southern cooking, but this trip to Maxie's changed my mind.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,2/8/2012,280,856,3,8,6>BY FAR MY FAVORITE MEAL OF 2011.ORDERED: zuppa di patate e del pepe (Creamy roasted pepper and potato soup topped with fontina cheese, crispy pancetta and herb croutons.) - $5calamari e cipollotto fritti (Flash-fried, crispy calamari and Vidalia onions, served with a roasted garlic and lemon aioli) - $10Homemade crab, shrimp and spinach stuffed ravioli tossed with diced fresh roma tomatoes, sweet peas and dry pack bay scallops in a creamy Spanish saffron sauce. - $21Chocolate Hazelnut Tort - $6.50TASTED: *SOUP* The soup was kindly split for two since my girlfriend and I each wanted to try it. The crispy pancetta sank to the bottom like tasty gold nuggets. (I should add that the rosemary dipping bread with olive oil and roasted garlic was amazing.)*CALAMARI* One of the best calamari appetizers I've had. The breading was tissue paper thin and added a nice crunch - that's skill. A pessimist would say the onions are merely filler but they compliment the squid nicely in flavor and add another "O" shape to the mix. Amazing aioli sauce to dip this mix in.*PASTA* I'll admit I'm not a fan of the Italian cuisine - (watching Giada aside) I find it boring. This restaurant CHANGED my perception. I don't think I've ever had handmade pasta before because this dish blew me away. The ravioli had a chewy toothsome texture with a savory flour flavor. The crab and scallops played off the fresh garden taste of the peas and tomatoes. Go order this dish now.*TORT* By this point I was experiencing food nirvana and this chocolate tort probably pushed me into sugar buzz pain territory. The dollop of cold ice cream with warm chocolate and berries was a perfect way to end the meal.POST: I don't know much about Chef Michael Feker other than what I've read on the restaurant website but passion and creativity show through in his food.SERVICE: I like my servers like my food...well seasoned. Our waitress spoke of how the soup recipe hasn't changed for eight years" - good sign she knows the menu by memory. Great service from start to finish.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,2/7/2012,135,158,5,4,5>Lets just say.... THEIR DONUTS ARE ADDICTING!!!  This place is seriously delicious.  I was not even a fan of donuts until now! Think about having the tastiest little sugar or cinnamon coated snack...but made fresh.  Perfect!  When I take people to North....this is always a stop.  Also they do have good coffee, bagels with cream cheese, among other things.  The best part about their bagel and cream cheese is they will LOAD it on for you! All you have to do is ask. :)So what do you do when you get to Sil's?1. Either choose the drive through or walk up entrance2. If it's cold stand by the window3. Smile and ask nicely for your choice of delicious treats4. Always order the bag of donuts (I thought this was obvious but I figured I would add it just in case)5. Pay them with dinero. 6. Smile!7. Thank them!8. Jump up and down while screaming how delicious everything is!! Enjoy!
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2011,2/6/2012,38,241,2,2,2>We went recently for $0.35  chicken wings.  The wings were very good.  They had mild, medium, and hot, and all of them came with a tomato based sauce.  The hots are deceiving, because they had less sauce then the rest.  Regardless, they were hot, but not ridiculous.  We sat in a back booth with a larger than average group, and our servers (must have got them mid-shift) were both nice.One cool thing:  I ordered a tap that the server told me about.  She came back, and told me that they no longer had that beer on tap.  She brought me a different kind of beer from the same company, and she didn't even charge me for it.Along with the wings, we ordered the fries, which were outstanding.  I like the place, and I like the atmosphere.  There is a lot of really cool, really old sports memorabilia.  It would be nice to see them clean a lot of that stuff up, and really display it in a way that people can appreciate it.  I think this place is divey in just the right sort of way.  I will be back for some wings!
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2011,2/5/2012,58,50,3,3,4>I came here this past Tuesday for the first time and I am in LOVE.Came for a late lunch with my brother and Grandma & immediately the "AYCE Buffalo Wings" grabbed our attention immediately.  Having a competitive edge between my brother and I, we knew we were in for a trip.We look at each other, order the wings, and start mowing down. Mid way through the first batch, we both assume we wont be asked if we want anymore (since thats how usual AYCE deals go. They give you your first basket and never return) BUT Alexis was AMAZING. (Not to mention there was still some food my Grams could order and Alexis even recommended a few sauces so Granny wouldn't fly outta her seat)Bye bye first 8 wings, on to the next batch, and shes there and ready asking us what sauce we want next. Here we come next batch, we've got 2 wings left, and there is Alexis once again asking us if we're planning to slam down more. Of course.So service, Amazing. Wings, pretty damn good. Only negative?  Getting 8 wings the first batch, then baskets of 4 thereafter, saving waste? Best part? Being able to change sauces/traditional to boneless EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. -- LOVE --
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2012,2/4/2012,41,166,5,5,5>So I decided to make a drinking goal last weekend (MLK weekend, a MAJOR holiday for gov't workers) with Michael F.  That drinking goal was to close Wolski's.  Drinking goals are not made enough by my estimation.After looking on their website for closing time (cue the music) and not finding it, we assumed closing time was 2am or 2:30am.  With this is mind, we thought that we couldn't just barge into Wolski's at 1:45 and ask for a whiskey-water.  We had to properly soak up the vibe, taste a variety of drinks, and mingle with the laid back country folks.Arrived at 0100 and the place was pretty packed (apparently drinking goals are more popular than I thought).  The place was quite dark and slightly more expensive than we were used to at the previous two bars we were at in the evening (we were used to 3 person ~$10-$12 rounds versus Wolski's 3-person ~$17 rounds).  Free cork board darts and popcorn (had two bowls).  Fairly good random convos.After achieving our goal for the evening (post-bar picture taken outside, timestamp for the proof), we gained an extra gold star (actually a red EXTRA, DIFFERENT bumper sticker) for being the last folks in the bar.  Try to do so yourself at your own peril.  To quote Michael F, "Closing Wolski's comes at a price."
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2011,2/3/2012,69,73,5,3,5>Often overlooked, the Riverwest Tavern is a VERY local bar located just up the block from the excellent Cafe Corazon. A petite corner joint, the horseshoe-shaped bar seats about 15, with the bulk of the space filled by a frequently active pool table.The bartenders range from nice older ladies with thin gold chains peeking over a turtleneck's collar, to fun 20-somethings like "Dallas", to the aloof but accessible older guy. Beer is pretty cheap and standard, with our favorite local Lakefront beers, of course. But the reason to make the weird little walk up the block to the Riverwest, as it is known, is for a couple shots of delicious, spicy, warming ginger brandy. It is very important to always drink this all of the time. Sometimes a quaff of almost equally good blackberry brandy is appropriate. Don't worry if you start to run out of money, someone will buy you a shot.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2011,2/2/2012,34,30,1,5,5>LOVE IT. Why 5 stars for a place that looks like a hole in the wall in Silver City? Because the food is cheap and awesome, that's why. Finding this kind of place in Milwaukee reminds me that we are far more diverse than we seem, and that diversity brings us much better food.Let's start with environment. Clean. Simple. Plastic plates. Simple silverware. Simple tables, with only an LCD TV that subs as the radio for colorful visual entertainment. On to the service. The staff are casual, but friendly, helpful and gracious hosts. Good personal recommendations, never interrupted a conversation (a pet peeve of mine) and was just plain polite. Everything you'd expect from what seems like a family business. The only problem with the environment: not enough people know about this place yet.So what about drinks and starters? Purple corn drink... what the frock is that? It's awesome, so don't judge a drink by it's purple. Corn cooked down with fruit and spices. A (not too) sweet drink that is refreshingly satisfying. Like mulled wine, but without alcohol. Apps were a combo of Ocopa and Huancaina (the server offered to make it a combo to sample both, without asking!). Did you ever wonder why potatoes are so popular around the world? Well this will tell you why. Boiled potatoes on a bed of whole lettuce, covered in these sauces which consist of egg and spices and other things (sort of a Peruvian Hollandaise) garnished with a quarter hard boiled egg and some olives. It's served cold and it kicks ass.Entrees? This may be a sandwich shop, but they can dish out some tasty entrees. I had Jalea, which is deep fried mussels, shrimp and fish on a bed of lettuce with a side of fried yucca. Also offered to me were the house mayo (awesome) and the house salsa verde (beware those afraid of the heat; this brings it and some serious chile flavor!). Very good portions, but not too much. Go. Go now and eat well. 2 purple drinks, a starter and 2 entrees for less than $30. How can you lose?
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,10/30/2011,30,41,3,3,2>MY FAVORITE!!  Let's be honest, who doesn't like Mexican food?? Even if you just eat the free chips and salsa, you've won something.  This is a lesser-known gem in the notoriously mexican restaurant filled southside of Milwaukee.  I have introduced several of my friends to this place, as I feel they have the best mexican in the city!  It's very close to some more "famous" joints....La Perla (yuck!) and La Fuente (eh...) It doesn't look very big from the outside, but once you go in, you realize there is a HUGE seating area in the back, and in the summer it boasts a great patio area.  They are meticulous about refilling your chips and salsa (I could eat that till my stomach burst, yay for fresh salsa), and the prices are very reasonable.  There is also a full bar, with margaritas that are NOT short of tequila in them.  YUMMY!!!!! I have never had a bad experience, and neither has anyone else I have ever known.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2011,10/29/2011,147,207,1,2,4>Made my first trip to Antigua about 2 weeks ago. I had a gift certificate. They have fun Foursquare check in specials, I'm talking a free drink or dessert-That's unheard of! Ordered the paella, says it feeds two but we ate for days. You even get free house appetizers! We also ordered to double fried plantains so needless to say we had a ton of food. Then to top it off, I met the owner. Who's an amazing business woman a week later. She remembered that I had Tweeted about my paella. I'm a sucker for being remembered :) I hear she does catering and also is planning an organized trip to Spain this fall and a paella cooking class. My only complaint is that the mojito I ordered was a bit syrupy-I prefer more traditional with fresh fruit if it's flavored. However, it was j$5.50 so I can't really complain. I feel like every time I order mojitos lately they're sweeter than I prefer-Tastes like people are using Sprite/7-Up these days. I digress...I will definitely return. I'll try another cocktail and report back! All in the name of Yelp....
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,10/28/2011,228,281,3,5,4>Leading with:General Tso's Chicken: this is the FIRST time that I've had this here and found something nearly identical to what I was eating in Chinatown back in NYC.  It's got texture, a little crunch, red chiles, awesome spice, a little steamed broccoli and it's goddamn awesome. EAT THIS!Anyway, I ate it two nights in a row, delivered once to my place west of Marquette (delivered within 25 min) and to Vintage (delivered in 35, but we ordered during the dinner rush).Both nights, I ordered the General's in a combo plate with white rice and spring rolls.  They offer a choice of rangoon or rolls, steamed or fried rice, and additional soup for $1.There was also Cashew Nut Chicken, Dragon & Phoenix, Fried Dumplings, Crab Rangoon and Spicy Tuna Roll. (segue to...)Sushi Delivery.  Not something that I'm entirely comfortable with.  Lots of handlers, no idea how it's transported or kept...lots of room for trust to be abused.  I was pleased to see two bags for the delivery, one with all of the hot food, and a smaller separate one for the roll.  The roll was pretty well chilled too, so/edit - weird, the review cut off-so, I was pretty impressed with the delivery style, and the roll itself was really well made and presented rather well for a delivery.Since this review was written, I've had food from Liu's a few times and loved it every time.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2011,10/27/2011,8,114,,5,2>The PIC and I were craving real Mexican food after spending a week in Cancun.  Looking through all of the options and reviews, it was obvious we had to give Taqueria Los Comales a visit.This isn't like the other Mexican restaurants in Milwaukee-- it is more like a diner and I'm not even sure if they serve margaritas or cervezas!  (Note: It's also not the greatest place to visit in MKE, but don't let that stop you from going!). Greeting you on the table is an assortment of pickled carrots and jalapenos and other veggies.  As others have said, I'm not sure how sanitary it all is so we didn't partake.The PIC happens to be fluent in Spanish and she was needed on this night.  Our waitress didn't speak or understand English but I would imagine we could have just gotten away with pointing to items on the menu.  (Bonus points for authenticity).  Overall, we had excellent service for a hole-in-the-wall place.Now for the food, we had some of the best Mexican food in Milwaukee--fantastic tacos with excellent seasonings (beef, steak, and chicken) and fresh-made guacamole--which is hard to find in the MKE (we're guac snobs).I'd definitely recommend it.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2011,10/26/2011,35,52,4,3,3>Brother, you have to come back tomorrow for the nahari.  Will Sister be with you?  No, leave her home to sleep.  Well okay, Sister can come with you.  Little did he know we were married.  According to the hubby, this place has the best chicken biryani next to another great restaurant on Devon in Chicago.  The samosas are smaller than we have experienced in the past but very tasty.  Crispy outside, full of flavor inside.  Good things come in small packages, right?  Not too greasy like some fried foods can be.We got lots of attention at the table.  Sometimes so much it was overwhelming.  They wanted us to eat more salad and poppers, which were good, but I have a tendency to eat too many carbs.  We were not lacking in the carb department.We tried the fish tikka, fresh and tasty.  Everything seemed to have the right level of spice.  The yogurt with spices was flavorful and added a nice touch to the rice and fish tikka.Located on a cool strip that looked as though it was bustling at one point in history.  Would love to see some other places there.  Overall good stuff.  Brother, we will be back!
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2011,10/25/2011,25,54,,10,4>Had a tasting from Anaba Tea Room at a Yelp event and I knew we had to go check it out in person.I usually don't pay much attention to the atmosphere/seating but this place is fantastic.  There is seating in the lower level, green plants everywhere, and a skylight that goes all the way to the 3rd floor, natural sunlight in the basement... its an odd and good thing.  There is also seating on the roof, inside the green house or outside.  On a sunny summer day in the upper 70s, it didn't get better than that.I had the Asian Egg Salad which tasted fresh and had a nice curry flavor.  My girlfriend had the Vietnamese Shrimp Salad.  Though I really liked the egg salad, I found my fork always going towards the shrimp salad.Strawberries and cream for dessert, a perfect end to a wonderful lunch.Oh, and teas, yeah, part of the business name.  They only have 1 iced tea every day, which was the one disappointment.  A wide array of hot teas, but not ideal for the summer.  They did have a cold masala chai, will have to try it next time.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2011,10/24/2011,54,340,2,4,3>Visited McGinns for the first time last night before a Brewer game and I will definitely be returning.  Upon walking in, I just got the feeling of a very friendly and welcoming atmosphere.  We sat in a side room since we had children with us and ordered some food and drinks. OMG - you HAVE to try the spinach rolls.  Ummm, I want to drive back just thinking about them.  They have a good selection of apps and sandwiches to get you filled up and with the purchase of just a drink you can get a ticket to ride the "slimozine" that will take you to the front gate of Miller Park.  What a deal!  Good food, nice place and front door service to the game - can't go wrong.  The driver of the "slimo" was very nice too and entertaining.  When you are done at the game, you just catch the "slimozine" bus back to the bar and either go in for some more great food and drink or just go home.  It is definitely the way to go.  I'm so glad that my friends showed me last night.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2011,10/23/2011,148,281,,4,3>This is my regular grocery store, and I absolutely love it. I really don't think there's anything I've ever not been able to find. Many (not all) items are less expensive than at other grocery store chains, and they generously post coupons next to lots of products for additional savings. It's usually a little busier than I like, but it's not like I'm going to dig on them because people go there. The gas station's price is usually ten cents cheaper than nearby alternatives, so that's also awesome, and the pre-pay is really not that big of a deal, especially when they have a no-fee ATM inside. The gas station does have limited hours, I think they close at 6, where the grocery store is 24-hours.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,10/22/2011,20,147,2,6,7>I was pickin' up Good Vibrations the second I walked into the door at Oscar's. They took time in designing a logo for the business and properly decorating the place. Their staff really seems to enjoy what they're doing and value that you stopped. The owner is constantly cleaning...he's also building a decent rapport with the regulars who visit his establishment. I've been avoiding bar food and eating better as of late, but after seeing the reviews this place was getting...I had to check it out. Decided to start things off by tackling Oscar's Big Basket...sounds so wrong, but tasted so right. Nothing sloppy or greasy about it. The battered green beans and Frickle Chips were absolutely amazing. I mean amazing!My main course consisted of the Chipotle-Cinnamon Sweet Potato Fries (which were also amazing) and The Big O Burger. While my burger was cooked a little more the medium rare I ordered, it was juicy and incredibly tasty. I don't think I've ever had chorizo served on a burger and coupled with smoked gouda, chipotle jack, bacon, jalapenos, and fried onions, but the combination worked really well together.My first experience at Oscar's will definitely encourage a second. The prices are decent. The ambiance is warmer than the weather has been to date. Yeah, I'd recommend this place to anyone...including you!
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,10/21/2011,41,168,,6,3>Not just flowers here - also the most amazing brunch I've ever had. I come here every year on Mother's Day and/or Easter... though they do serve brunch every Sunday - Reservations are a must, especially on holidays.There are two dining halls. The buffet tables are in the four corners of the room + one in the center. There is an enormous appetizer/salad/fruit table with countless fruits, cheeses, meats, shrimp, pastries, breads, etc. But don't fill up on that!Because at the other tables...Pancakes, waffles, french toast, sausage, bacon, ham, beef, lamb, salad, made to order omelets and eggs, several kinds of potatoes (see picture for the au gratin potatoes!) - basically anything you could imagine for breakfast/brunch, they have it!But again... don't fill up ;-) because the dessert table is amazing as well! Mini-cheesecakes, tons of chocolates, fruity desserts, crème brûlée, brownies, cookies, chocolate covered marshmallows, chocolate covered strawberries, and the list goes on...Interesting to note is that they serve the same food on Holidays vs. regular Sundays, yet the Holiday price is approximately $35/person, compared to $17-20 on regular Sundays. The price also comes with mimosas. If you're looking for a classy brunch, this is my absolute most favorite brunch restaurant in the WORLDDDDDDDDDD!!!!
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,4/3/2012,32,100,3,4,2>This is only our 2nd Ethiopian restaurant, so I can't pose as an expert, even though as a professor posing as an expert was what I did best.  Moreover, I'm probably prejudiced in favor of Alem because we went there with a very enjoyable group of fellow Yelpers.  That being said, I really loved this place, and pretty much everything on the combos we tried.  It was so hard to pick out a favorite item that I think we will keep getting combos on our next few visits.  I certainly recommend that for one's first visit, since for most of us this cuisine is unexplored territory.  Approach it with clean hands (your eating utensils of this food) and open minds and you won't be disappointed.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,4/2/2012,87,301,1,2,4>In the great burger war of Milwaukee, I'm a Sobelman's loyalist.  I can't help it.  There's just something about the place that I absolutely cannot resist.  Maybe it's just because I'd lived nearby for so many years without a vehicle and began going here in the days before AJ Bomber's started their food wars and before Stack'd kicked off the burger bar trend, or maybe it's because their "Milwaukee's Best Burgers" slogan just beat it into my brain, but I absolutely adore Sob's.As for the atmosphere, let's be honest -- it's a bar. Well, partly.  It started as a bar and grew a much brighter addition.  But still, there are no fancy gimmicks luring customers in.  It's cozy, it's neighborhood-y, and it just seems pretty darn Milwaukee.  The staff, generally, features the same staff who have been there for years.  They're friendly and casual and know their products.  It's also not uncommon to see the Sobelmans themselves working or greeting patrons.When it comes to food, I don't even look at the menu anymore.  I can't not order a Sobelman's burger.  My hubby prefers his burgers a bit simpler and usually opts for a plain cheeseburger, and it shocks my soul to the core.  How could you not enjoy this namesake patty?  To each his own.  All burgers are served with French fries -- they're not fancy fries, but they always seem cooked to just the right crispiness.  All in all, it's easy to get in and out of this place for $10 or less, which is feels almost as good as having a little slice of beef heaven hitting your stomach.Are there better burgers in Milwaukee?  Maybe.  There's certainly enough competition for it.  But when it comes to the entire package deal, Sobelman's is my place of choice.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,4/1/2012,265,357,2,4,3>Louise's has some of the best cheese bread with olive oil dipping sauce, ever! Hubby and I celebrated Valentines Day on Sunday and decided to check out Louise's Italian restaurant for dinner.  I loved the atmosphere, we had a table for two right next to the huge glass window front, there was dim mood lighting, the place was not packed or noisy, and our waitress was sweet and to the point.  We ordered the fried squid for an app, and had the garlic pasta with jumbo shrimp - and caesar salad with jumbo shrimp.  The cheddar cheese crusted bread was so good with the salad.  This restaurant makes really simple food with simple ingredients.  It was a perfect romantic spot for our Valentine's Day celebration.  I am a fan, and will be headed back to Louise's to try their pizza.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,3/31/2012,296,303,5,7,3>Me likey! Me come backey! Don't let the cheesy name discourage you!I love it when my guests order something that I never would and then they hold my hand on a path to delectable discovery... thank you friends! In this case, the Milwaukee roll - holy sake balls this is GOOOOOD!We also tried this mixture of 1/2 (or 1/4 if you don't like sweets too much) plum wine and the rest DRY sake in our glasses. WOWZA! YUMMY! UM-HMMM! Everyone: do it first chance you get!Other rolls we tried:- spicy tuna, spicier here than normal, which I'm ok with :)- spicy scallop, good, different texture, more soft and wet so not for the squeamish- mexican, ah... it was "OK", recommend othersAnd the real "sushi" as in by the piece (with rice) Yellowtail was VERY good. I like it because it's so clean tasting. And here at Thai-Namite, I swear that piece of Yellowtail was TWICE the size! Thanks Yo!(no fear if you have to wait for a table, the bar on the corner across the street will get you a nice beverage and show you a copy of the menu ;)
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2011,3/30/2012,66,228,4,7,4>Block piles. A pretend town of interactive stores and establishments from Milwaukee companies (i.e. Sendik's, Harley, Brady Co. etc). A play garden for toddlers. A room-sized board game with a jungle gym maze. A giant zone full of Kinex. A life-sized functional keyboard. ....Basically every toddler/young kid's dream!We took our 16 month old daughter to Betty Brinn's for the first time last weekend and she was a busy little bee. Though we covered the whole museum, everything was so stimulating that she was almost overwhelmed with what she could do there. We ended up buying a membership, because we figured out that as long as we go more than 3 times, it will be more cost effective than paying for 2 adults and a kid each time. Right now they're actually doing a promotion for $5 off the standard family membership rate, so we happily took advantage of that!I'm guessing they don't want too much overlap with Discovery World, but I kind of wish there were more things to, well... discover! :-) The museum is very play-centered, which is important (and what research shows us children need for development), but almost to the point where it was mostly pretending to do "adult tasks" and not much that was totally out of that box. A few ideas for how to spice it up: exhibits that give kids a taste for a different time period or a different global culture or let kids mess around with a fun technology.Anyways, I can't complain! It was still great, but there's always room for improvement. Betty Brinn's posse will see us soon.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,3/29/2012,20,56,5,2,2>I love this place because it is so unhip it's hip.  I grew up on the Illinois Wisconsin border and it reminds me of one of the border pubs that offer up the obligatory fish fry with a side of potato pancakes.  The fish fry was decent, nothing to write home about, but I love the scenery and clientele.  I also love the German beer.  I am not sure if the place is owned by the family that invented the pelvic strengthening excercises,  I would add a half star if it was.  The food did take a little while to come out but it was pretty packed on a Friday night so I understand.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2011,3/28/2012,17,196,2,3,2>Last year  I kind of beat my truck up over the winter by hitting various things while trying to negotiate my icy alley when I lived down in Riverwest. There were also a couple of cases of garbage cans jumping in front of me suddenly if you know what I'm saying. So I had all the scratches of a hard winter on my nice new truck.  I figured, what the heck we'll go here. They had a special going on so I believe it was approximately $150.  What did I get for my hard earned money? Well, a perfectly clean interior to start with. Vacuumed, steam cleaned, scotch guarded, and perfect.  The exterior was washed and detailed wonderfully. Most of the scratches disappeared and everything looked wonderful.In fact so wonderful that I am planning on hitting this place up again in the next few weeks to get it waxed before winter.Protip: be sure to remove everything you don't want the techs to see from your glove box and console because they even clean that out for you too.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2012,3/27/2012,296,1326,14,12,11>I'll admit to some preconceptions regarding Sabor: that you are required to eat meat until you stroke out, that it's ruinously expensive and that the waiters dress like pirates. I'm happy to report that none of this is true except the pirate part. Here's the deal - go for LUNCH. You can go buck wild for 1/2 the dinner price, or have a huge portion of 3 meats for $15. Better yet - for $10 just get the salad bar which I guarantee will have you rolling out of there with a food baby. I had lunch with a coworker and both of us picked the salad only option. All the meat looked great, but honestly I don't know if i would ever bother with it as everything else is so good.Likes:*Lunch = screaming deal. For $10 you get AYCE on the massive salad spread which included fancy apps like shrimp & a nice cheese/fruit tray, soup, rice, beans, potatoes and bananas (more on those later).*Good service with fancy touches like putting your napkin on the back of your chair when you go back to the buffet*Amazing space - I can't wait to go back and try out Beta*The little cheesy puff bread is incredibly delicious*Black beans - really delicious + flavorful. Vegetarians beware, there's pork in them.*Caramelized bananas. Ohhhh so good. Like bananas foster. Beefs: (ha! Get it?)*Some of the items were pretty salty - specifically the chickpea salad*No labels on anything. WTF? Label yo' shit, Sabor! There's about 20 salads and some indication of ingredients would be helpful as would indications for vegetarian, gluten etc. My lunch partner and I played many a game of "what do you think THIS is?" Let's put this in perspective. A Jimmy Johns combo is about $8. For $2 more, you can partake in a magnificent spread in a classy place. I know which choice I'm making!
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2011,3/26/2012,76,73,4,10,3>Holy cow! I had been a IBW advocate since they were back on Water and St Paul! But with my most recent experience there, I will definitely be back to the new digs!I got both of my legs waxed.. and let me tell you.. growing your leg hair out that long isnt that fun.. I definitely missed the last day this fall to wear shorts because of it but looking back, I wouldnt have changed anything.. A few tips for booking appts at the IBW: 1. If you are nervous or had a bad experience in the past (and I had an armpit wax for the record books), ask for a Gamma Student.. they are the ones that are the closest to graduating.. but on that note, be nice, it is a learning business.2. Book in advance if you know you have a big event.. they are usually good at getting people in.. but dont risk it.3. Ariive early. That's just my policy for all beauty related things. The prices really cant be beat... and I guess Im not coming from a place where if I get a botched haircut or service that my life is going to start crumbling down around me.. Ask about any complimentary services, as well as try to get on their email lists where they will have specials such as, buy a facial get a facial wax complimentary, or mani/pedi deals.. its definitely the best place for the bang for your buck!
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,3/25/2012,114,173,8,4,4>Pretty awesome street festival by my standards. Plus all the Brady Street Crazies were out (lizard cowboy, the one guy with super red eyes who steals cigs from the ashtray at my bldg, and more).A myriad of choices were available for food/drink... although I do agree some of the food prep at particular stands looked a little iffy, if not downright gross. So I didn't eat anything.Beer was relatively cheap ($5), also depending on which stand. Music, food, drink, weirdos, cheesy craft stands - all on Brady Street. I think there is no best way to review it- just go.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,1/24/2013,12,92,1,4,5>One of my favorite bars to go to in the area. My brother, I and our spouses regularly meet up here and it's a nice place to unwind. The staff is friendly and recognizes us when we stop in. The selection of beers is good and they pour decent drinks. The music can be a bit loud at times and tough to fund a seat at other times, but it's always a good time at the CT.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,1/23/2013,137,194,,7,6>As we trolled through the Grand Avenue Mall toward the food court, we noticed a sign, "Now Open! The Skyway Cafe, 3rd floor Boston Store"A much needed break from the food court offerings? We're ON IT!  After of 5 minutes of wandering around, looking for the third floor, we finally asked a Boston Store Associate who pointed us to a hidden elevator.  It's like a secret man!Anyway, the view is incredible!  The food is nice, fresh, and tasty!  Today's soup offerings were Chili and Potato- the Chili was yummmmmy!  I had the chicken salad on wheat bread.  The bread was nice and soft, and the chicken salad was good also!  Fabulous service, great food, and an awesome view!  I'll be back!
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,1/22/2013,38,241,2,2,2>We stopped in here for lunch last week, and we had a very nice experience.  We all ordered burgers and fries.  The burgers were cooked perfectly, and seemed to be of very high quality.  The fries were nice and crispy.  Our server was friendly and prompt.  I was surprised that there were not more people eating when we arrived around 11:30.  I will admit it is a bit strange that they do not have a special lunch menu.  I like the idea of the menu organized by price, but there should be some smaller portions of their popular dishes for the lunch crowd.  All in all, we had a very nice meal, and I would go back again to try a few other items.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/9/2012,1/21/2013,41,225,6,7,4>Just had brunch here today.  I had the french toast that was stuffed with mascarpone.  It also had pear chutney and hazelnut butter.  It was some of the best french toast I'd ever had - and the portion was very large.  I expected less for my $10 than I received, so I was really happy about that.  The view is great, of course - probably the best restaurant view in Milwaukee.  I read a lot about their delicious pizzas and was SO close to getting the egg, guanciale, brussel sprout, and red onion jam pizza.  Never had egg on my pizza before.  Should be crazy.  I live a very exciting life.UPDATE:Brunch yes, dinner... nah.  Tried that pizza, it was underwhelming.  I like a lot of sauce, so a poached egg being used as the sauce of the pizza just isn't my (onion) jam.  I had a fish chip appetizer and one other mystery appetizer and both were underwhelming.  This isn't my style of place, and that's not Wolf Peach's fault.  The menu is intimidating and you can't possibly know what you're getting based on it.  I find that obnoxious.On the plus side, the view and service was good... and like I said - brunch was more straight-forward and tasty.  4 star brunch, 2 star dinner = 3 stars.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,1/19/2013,296,303,,3,3>Support the smaller business owners! :)OK - I'll be honest, this isn't the quickest place you'll ever go for takeout. So, if your getting takeout expect at least a 20 minute wait "minimum". And that was an order for only 2 people. But hey, at least it's FRESH right!!??  Consider it not fresh and I'll take the wait.The inside is pretty dingy and cheap. Don't go here to impress a date or anyone else. This is a place to go with a long-time partner or friend that you don't have to impress anymore or who can appreciate dives.The Food -- it's pretty darn good. I've tried the flautas, guac, of course tamales, etc. and I'd say it's very good. Sometime I have to suffer through the pathetic looking dining area so I can eat it right out of the kitchen :)
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,1/18/2013,20,56,4,2,4>Here is what you do.  Get there early.  This place fills up like mad, especially on the weekends.Get the manmosa.  Beer and OJ are a great combo, anyone who has ever had a "lunchbox" knows this.  My go to dish is the goat cheese stuffed browns with a side of ham (I could eat a pound of their ham, it is the most tender I have ever had)Walk out stuffed.  Go sleep off your food coma, wake up, go to Maxie's for dinner.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,1/17/2013,12,120,2,5,2>Went here last week before "AMERICA" at the Pabst and had a great meal.  Totally affordable and the goose and tonics were only $7.50.  While that seems expensive, compared to other downtown spots it wasn't bad.  Food was unique comfort food and generally good.  The bacon wrapped water chestnuts were outstanding.  I tend to think I make them better, but who cares about that.  Its about the only thing I can cook well.  Located on Water, its within walking distance to the theatres, Bradley Center, and US Cellular Arena.  Good spot before ending up at one of those venues.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,1/16/2013,190,251,6,8,9>This event is legendary. What could be better than biking around the city mid-December with a group of people dressed in Santa, reindeer and elf costumes? The stops were great (Lakefront, Great Lakes Distillery, Kochanski's and Cafe Centraal). I enjoyed waving at the honking cars and shouting "Merry Christmas" to everybody along the way. The polka band at Kochanski's and an additional polka band at Great Lakes made those stops super fun. Despite the rain, I had an awesome time and will be doing the ride again next year!
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,1/15/2013,66,197,2,4,3>Written by my wife:"I consider myself a crafty and creative person so I decided early on that I was going to make my wedding invitations and programs.  I have a decent printer at home, but was worried about how well my printer would do with all the high quality cardstock I purchased for the projects.  I decided to find a printer to do the physical printing and I would do the assembling.  I am so glad that I found Shorewood Press and Noah.  I brought in a few different things I wanted printed over a few months and Noah was extremely helpful.  They got my printing done 1-2 days after I would bring it in and it was always exactly what I was looking for.  Next time I need something printed, I will be returning to Shorewood Press!"
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,1/14/2013,124,391,2,7,5>Finally!  A Bartolotta's restaurant in the North Shore.  I went there on opening night and couldn't have had a better experience.  This is saying a lot, since I have been to several opening nights that turn out to be a disaster.  First off, we were greeted in the hallway walking then and then once we walked in.  We were promptly seated in a large booth that could fit 4 of us, yet it was just me and my girlfriend.  At this time we have a waitress come up that handles all the beverages that range from modern day drinks and wine to the classic Brandy Old Fashions and Rob Roys.  It was truly a treat looking at the cocktail menu with all the old school drinks.  The food waitress was very informed with all the selections and went with the French Onion, since Lake Park makes the best in the city and this is the same owner I figured I couldn't go wrong, and the Filet with a Brandy Peppercorn sauce.  Both exceeded my expectations.  The staff was on point, timely, courteous, and overall did a great job.  Nothing but a class act and a great addition to the North Shore area.  I love the old school leather chairs with the metal buttons and then the big screens in the bar.  The mix between old and new is amazing here.  Can't go wrong with it and highly recommend this place.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2011,7/4/2012,16,121,2,4,3>When people say "I shop at thrift stores" in their amazing clothes and you go to Goodwill to wonder where the hell they found their clothes, this is the place they are talking about.It's a magical land here, I tell you. The clothes are cheap. Jeans are $13.50+, sweaters $10+, and coats $20+. Compared to department stores, you'll pass out from being overwhelmed.The service was also right on. Parking is a bit tricky, the lot only having, like, five spaces. Park on the street anywhere.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/18/2012,7/2/2012,185,276,3,3,4>Went here with some fellow yelpers. Is it a towny type of dive?  Yep?Any problems with that?  Nope.There are tables for drinks and chairs for sittin'.  Prices seemed resonable, and the service came with a smile. Didn't feel unwelcome or out of place.  Probably wouldn't make a trip out of my way, but wouldn't avoid if I was walking on by.  Check it out, it might be your deal.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2012,7/1/2012,66,228,3,4,4>The Pabst Theater is a downtown classic. It is an architectural beauty, with its dome and the decor of the interior. Recently we went to see Ira Glass here to speak about his show, and back in high school, I also saw a play here. The acoustics are great thanks to the Pabst's relatively small size and the dome. We were seated off to the left side on the second level and the stadium seating really helped us to have a great view. The setting is intimate enough that there really didn't seem to be any bad seats in the house.Overall, if you have an opportunity to see something here, you can enjoy it both for your show and the beauty of the venue itself.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2012,6/30/2012,265,357,3,7,7>I spent new years eve at Casablanca eating lamb shawerma, drinking rose water lemonade, and smoking pomegranite hookah.  After eating, we were moved by the bar and proceeded to smoke and chill into the new year - did I mention they play some sexy ass music at night?  Just sayin'.  If you are like me, and a fan of kicking back - this is it.  Casablanca is my spot.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,6/29/2012,76,73,2,3,4>Love me some grocery stores, seriously. Great MEAT dept... LOVE their homemade GUAC and all of the premade things in their deli area.Gets a little hectic around the 5pm hour and holiday weekends...  and when you are leaving see if you can go down Pasadena Rd and take Center St instead of having to wait for the North Ave traffic.BEAUTIFUL Flower Dept.. everything is just nice and fresh and I am glad to have it in my neighborhood!Prices are competitive. Service is great. I love when they have the cheap banana days.. usually Wednesdays... and that they have a deal day once a week.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,6/28/2012,35,50,5,5,5>WOAAH! These domes are awesome. I recently moved up to Milwaukee from Indiana and I've been struggling through the oppressive WI winter. On a cold day, when I didn't think I could possibly go on living in this near-arctic climate, we took a trip to the magical domes. Each dome is like a little kiss of summer! With the sun shining outside, it really feels like you are taking a trip through the Amazon and the Mojave. My daughter loved watching the train exhibit in the third dome. Forget starbucks, next time I need to get reading done, I'm going to find a nice quiet spot in the jungle dome.A coworker told me the domes were located in a bad neighborhood, but that wasn't the case at all. I felt very safe during my stay.$6.50 is well worth this bewitching journey!!Edit: When illuminated at night, the domes look a little bit like breasts. This makes me uncomfortable. That's really the only negative thing I can say about the domes and it's not that big of a deal.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,6/27/2012,20,56,2,4,3>This is a great alternative to Whole Foods and/or Trader Joe's if you want to keep things local and at the same time enjoy products not chocked with high fructose corn syrup.  Joining a co-op is one of the best things to do if you are fed up with corporate America.  They hire and source locally.  They treat their workers fairly, and if you join, you get a say in some of the decision making.  What I would recommend is getting your fruits, veggies and nuts here then going to whole foods for your meat.  Not only will you be helping the community but you will also save a lot of money.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2011,6/26/2012,27,57,7,6,1>I'm writing this 15 hours after my most recent meal at Sabor (my 3rd visit in all) and I still have no desire to even look at food. I'm full. Sabor is awesome. Combine the unique experience of watching the gauchos race around the dining room with giant cuts of meat skewered on giant swords and the fact that the meat is always delicious, and you've got yourself a stellar night out. I present to you, fellow meat-lover, tips to make the most of your night (assuming you're going here to eat massive amounts of meat on a stick):1. Go easy on the salad bar, the cheesy bread, and the side dishes (potatoes, rice, beans, fried bananas). There's a reason most of the sides are carbs: to fill up your meat-craving stomach so you don't have a shot at eating enough meat to put Kobayashi to shame.2. Don't be afraid to flag down your waiter and ask him to send over the gauchos with the cuts of meat you most want. You'll find that the gaucho carrying the Picanha (the house specialty) can be especially hard to flag down, and the sirloin and filet can be scarce as well. 3. The chicken, ribs, and sausage are just ok. Don't overdo it by filling up on those. The beef at Sabor is the reason you're there, so save room for plenty of it. If you want sausage or chicken, head up the street to a bar.4. Use the valet. It's only $8, and the last thing you want to do after eating 2 pounds of beef is to waddle down Water St. to your parking spot 4 blocks away.5. This is the most important tip (sort of like how you should never, ever cross the streams of your Proton Pack): Never, ever admit out loud that you're starting to get full. My brother made this mistake, and shortly thereafter, as I continued to flag down gauchos for more delicious sirloin, he had given up, succumbing to his weakened mental state. Sit up straight, lean back once in awhile, and keep your eyes on the prize. Soon, you'll triumphantly set your fork down on your plate, stare at your dining companion(s), and give them a wink, as if to say, "Yeah, I think I'm full now, but I owned that meat."In all seriousness, Sabor should earn your consideration if you're craving a steak dinner or just a good vibe, some good wine (they have a huge wine list), and good company.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2011,6/25/2012,296,1326,14,11,5>Oh how I love the State Fair! It's the best event of the summer, and in Milwaukee that's really saying something!Highlights:*People watching - the best part of the Fair! Mullets, inappropriate booty shorts, really fat people on scooters...the list is endless.*Beer - endless options and WAY cheaper than Summerfest. A regular cup can be had for as little as $4.25.*Exhibition hall window shopping. Endless amounts of total crap but someone must be buying.*Food - everywhere, generally at reasonable prices. None of it is healthy. You can get some of the best food for cheap in the WI Products building. Three grilled cheeses for $5? A huge brat on a pretzel bun for $3? Yes, please!*Giant Slide! Giant Slide! Giant Slide! *Letting your freak flag fly - the Fair isn't a fashion show like Summerfest. Want to break out those jorts and Budweiser tank top? You're in good company here.*The Crafts Building - ever wondered who makes the best banana bread? Head in and find out!*Milverine sighting today near the Giant Slide. Shirtless!Lowlights:*It can get sweaty and crowded. The buildings offer A/C though.*Huge numbers of strollers, scooters and wagons clogging the place up.*Deep fried butter - just the thought makes me want to throw up.*Leaving with a huge food baby. All I want to do after the Fair is lay quietly on the couch and hope I don't have a heart attack.The worst part of the Fair is that it's only once a year!
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,6/24/2012,64,183,4,4,3>At a recent after-party for the Brew City Bruisers, Turner Hall won me over just by virtue of being super-freaking old. But that's just me. Even in some stage of renovation (I think?) involving having nearly all vertical surfaces stripped, I was still totally charmed by the ballroom. I loved the chalk artwork of the menus over the two bars, and the beer choices were great, with many Milwaukee and Wisconsin-associated choices. I appreciated the big open space with tons of tables and chairs, that well accommodated a big happy crowd. Watch out for the crooked stairs though, when you depart after a few beers.....
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2014,11/20/2014,266,264,2,7,5>I got to attend the VIP soft opening for the Malt Shoppe and get a preview of some of the 850+ bottled beers and 30 rotating drafts (available for growler filling) they have on hand.The store packs a lot of selection into a fairly small space, with seasonal beers up front that will change regularly. Lots of bottled IPAs that I haven't tried (which is saying a lot, now that I'm approaching ~150 of that beer type on my Untapd app), as well as a lot of the classics. Sours (including the Duchesse du Borgogne and Barbe that I vell in love with at MKE beerfest this year), gluten free, traditional european beers, something for everyone! (Unless you don't like beer, then you're SOL... No, wine, no booze, no cider.) Most beers come with the option to buy a single bottle or a 6 pack, for those who like to mix and match. They carry 3 growler sizes to choose from, priced according to the market price of each beer. They have some great choices right now; I was lucky to sample several, including my two faves, Fantasy Factory (Karben4) and 18th Anniversary IPA (Coronado). The owner and two of the staff members have their cicerone certification, and are eager to help you find a beer you'll love, or just chat about the wonders of this malted beverage we hold so dear.In summary: great selection of drafts and bottles, friendly atmosphere AND with this weekend's (Oct 24-26) grand opening, you can get a free growler with purchase! Located in the strip mall with Honeybaked Ham (they didn't have their official signage up yet, so it might be hard to spot); shared parking lot.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,11/19/2014,65,155,7,10,15>Lawd. If there was celestial circle of sweet dough, I do believe it has risen in Milwaukee. After journeying into Holey Moley on two occasions, I was singing its praises. Sure, the price is higher than the dunkin or krispy varieties, but these doughnuts have worked hard for your money.Just take a gander at the (anything but) plain glazed doughnut. Gently break it open and look at the flaky, moist dough. See those little flecks - that is some seriously (delicate) spice, my friends. Now enjoy it quietly and give your doughnut eating partner that all knowing "this is hella good" look.And don't stop there. You should definitely get a S'mores and Creme Brûlée for the road. Or a private room. Because I most definitely needed a private moment after tasting those delightful dough angels.My gluten free and vegan pals out there, don't you fret. Holey Moley has some outstanding, mysteriously delicious options for you too!And say hi to Joe S., the doughnut master, while you're there. He's one cool guy.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2014,11/18/2014,85,73,4,15,11>I was so excited to see a Spanish tapas and cocktail bar would be coming to Milwaukee in Walkers Point this summer while walking down 2nd Street.  And even more excited to attend a soft opening and try out the food and drinks in the redesigned space.Favorites of the night go to the Spanish Margarita and the Lomo Tosta.  The Spanish Margarita is worth a visit to the bar with or without the food to accompany it.  It has a slight kick with the ancho chile liqueur and is balanced out nicely with the rhubarb and lime mix.  The Lomo Tosta also plays with balance by bringing together pork tenderloin, brie and apricot in a traditional Spanish tosta.We started with the Gazpacho, which is made with yellow tomato instead of the traditional red.  I love gazpacho and liked this variation with a slightly sweeter and mild flavor to it.We tried several different tapas: the Croquettas and Meatballs - both were good, exactly what I would expect;  and the Canari potatoes - a slightly different spin on patatas bravas with a much lighter sauce that still brought in the typical flavors.The Vegetable Paella packed in many flavors and was topped with several different veggies.  The asparagus and potatoes were especially good with the saffron rice.  Do make sure to allow extra time for the paellas, as they take a while to prepare.The arroz con leche dessert was just the right amount of sweet rice and cinnamon filled nostalgia of Spanish childhood, with a crisp brulee top layer, to conclude our meal.We enjoyed all of the plates we tried, but would probably opt out of the Stuffed Picquillo and maybe go for another cheese plate next time to try some that we missed this time.  And pass on the white sangria, since it wasn't anything too special.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,11/17/2014,100,354,2,7,8>This tour was not what I was expecting, but in a good way! We came in and got our tickets and went to a room near the courtyard. We were provided with our beer of choice and pretzels, and the guide told us about the history, showed some old ads, and talked about the building. We then went to the room they are turning into an event space, which used to be offices and still has the historical desk of Frederick Pabst. Turns out this place is not owned by Pabst, it is owned and run by a local man who has a strong interest in historical preservation and purchased the building and developed tours and a bier garden just for history's sake. The tour isn't affiliated with the Pabst company, now out of state and owned by people who bought it in a hostile take over. The owner of this place and the guides clearly pay homage to the creators of the company, how important Pabst was to Milwaukee, and all the workers who lost their jobs when the company was bought out and moved. Incredibly unique tour! There are so many other working breweries you can go to in Milwaukee and see the beer process, but this is hands down the best tour for anyone interested in history. Definitely worth your time and money. I have a lot of respect for what they are doing.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2014,11/16/2014,69,61,4,8,7>I was looking for the perfect restaurant that served delicious Indian Food and I remembered hearing about this location opening up recently. I wasn't too sure about this place, but when Pam Mo recomended that I give it a try, I went for it.And boy am I glad that I gave it a try! Everything about this place was amazing! So let's start the breakdown.The ambience was casual, but could have easily turned into a nice romantic setting with the low lights and nice music. The staff was very friendly. We came as a group of six and they were very patient with us, being our first time here and really the first time to really explore Indian Food. They recomendad everything on the menú of course, but we had to pick about 6 different food ítems since there were 6 of us. They were very accomadating to our needs and brought water without ice and even brought extra drinks. Since we had a Birthday Girl in our group, we had tequila shots, danced to music, and just really enjoyed ourselves. The staff really made the Birthday girl feel special. They even gave her some Chicken Curry to take home! Every food ítem that we ordered was delicious and full of flavor. We ordered 2 orders of Chicken Curry, Chicken Vindaloo, Lamb Byriani, 3 Jeera Rice, Garlic Nan, Indian Lemon Soda, and Mango Lassi. I know that this does not equivalate to 6 main dishes, but we got full and had leftovers to take home with us. The Chicken Curry was probably the best dish amongst the food items that we ordered. It was even more tasty with the Garlic Nan. We just scooped the Chicken Curry with the Garlic Nan and our mouths were in heaven. It had just the right amount of spices and seasonings (Garlic, Ginger, Garlic Sauce with aromatice seasonings). The Chicken Vindaloo was delicious by itself and tasted even better with the Jeera Rice. When the water brought this food ítem out, we started eating this without the rice because we were so hungry. Actually, we did not realize that the rice was not coming until it was too late. We did not care anyway because it was delicious. This food ítem was boneless chicken pieces cooked with potatoes in spicy ginger, garlic sauce and herbs.The Lamb Biryani was Aromatic Basmati Rice with tender boneless lamb slowly cooked in mild spices. This food ítem was delicious all around from the rice to the lamb.The Garlic Nan is Tandoori Bread, which is a traditional Clayoven bread. It was very light and fluffy and full of flavor. We ended up getting 2 orders of this Nan.The Jeera Rice was seasoned with Aromatic Seasonings topped with Cummin Seeds.The Mango Lassi was like drinkable yogurt, not quite like a smoothie, but flavored with Mango. I just remembered that one of the ladres ordered a Mangotini and that was delicious! It tasted even better than the Mango Lassi!The Indian Lemon Soda was interesting. It actually tasted more like a cilantro-infused drink rather than a Lemon Soda. Even though I did not fall in love with it, I would recommend giving it a try.This has become our new spot for Indian Food! We will definitely be back soon! And I am bringing all of my friends! And how can I forget about the Outdoor Hookah Bar in the covered patio?! It was too cold outside to try it out when we went, but this will be a MUST try when we return!
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,11/15/2014,55,380,7,4,6>Descriptive phrase: nom nom pizza nom.I've said it before and I'll say it again: get whatever pizza has potatoes on it, smother it in ranch, be the happiest person ever.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,11/14/2014,34,179,7,9,7>There is nothing better in the Milwaukee area than Ono Kine, as far as I'm concerned.I've been here more times than I can count, and I've tried probably 75% of the menu. I've never had a dish here that was not outstanding. The portion sizes are huge, served in styrofoam to-go containers. With each meal, you can expect a huge helping of purple rice, as well as a delicious carrot-pineapple slaw, macaroni salad, and a small bit of kimchi. Personally, I recommend mixing the salad and kimchi together to give a bit of spice to the macaroni.The combo plate is a good choice to start with, but I just can't imagine being disappointed with anything here. Their nightly specials are always fantastic as well, although I've never had a chance to try the ramen.But that's not even the best part. I don't think there's a place in Milwaukee more friendly than Ono Kine; David is such a genuine, friendly guy and you feel right at home whenever he comes to take your order. He's always very good about answering whatever questions you might have and he can be very funny. The service only adds to the sorta quirky atmosphere; when I was an Ono Kine virgin, I had no idea what to expect when I walked in to see a mishmash of patio furniture and a huge dining room table. Now, I wouldn't change a thing.Their drinks are very good as well. They serve Dang root beer. My favorite thing, however, is the "crack tea." It's a mixture of black tea and pineapple juice (David said it was something his mother would make, if I remember right--he explained it the first time we were in and I had no idea we would make it back so many times so I'm afraid I don't remember all of the details). It's highly caffeinated; my first time at Ono Kine I got more refills than was wise...I walked away with a case of the shakes and several days worth of insomnia.What I've tried as far as desserts go have been good. I've not got a huge sweet tooth, so I generally don't get desserts, but I've nabbed bites off of friends' cocoa puffs and guava cakes that seem like they'd please someone who has a craving for something sweet.The groceries and other things on the shelves are also pretty neat. If you like the hot sauce on the table, they've got bottles of it for sale. They've also got very low priced Kona coffee, etc.I have brought almost every out-of-town visitor I've had to this place, and no one has left disappointed. If I lived closer to Tosa, I would probably spend all of my money here.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,11/13/2014,77,42,5,9,9>My friends and I have been playing volleyball league (C LEAGUE REPRESENT) here for yaahs and yahhs. Tracks never disappoints. The bartenders are some of the friendliest, on-point in Milwaukee. And so laid back and down to earth. And while you're out on the courts the service is still great, bringing you pitcher after pitcher to keep you on your A-game. Again, C league. Plus, this is one of the only good-sized patios in the River West area with a fire pit and lots of seating. That's hard to beat. Overall, a very laid back vibe that will accept anyone and everyone looking for a good time with some good brews. I have yet to really try the food, but I've heard its pretty standard bar grub.Cheers to Tracks!
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2014,11/12/2014,162,248,5,10,9>A solid, family owned restaurant that serves really good food, has a large menu and a full bar.My last meal there was lunch; I had a Caesar salad, chopped and tossed with grated parm.  It was topped with a VERY large grilled and diced chicken breast and garnished with slices of tomato and a hard boiled egg, cut in half.  Wow.  Really good.  (See my picture).My buddy had the Turkey Club.  He thinks it rates right up there with the best of them. Service is efficient, fast and the young lady who served us seemed happy to do so. Plenty of parking in their own lot.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2014,11/11/2014,108,98,,7,6>Still digesting this experience (literally and figuratively) but want to share while it's still fresh in my mind.The place: you will not stumble upon this place. We were looking for it (as we made reservations a month prior) and still noticed its a bit off the beaten path. It's quaint. Rustic. Not many frills, and yet inviting. My phone got a little sleeping bag, there are shawls to borrow on the chairs. Service was awesome. Such clear and concise explanations of both the dishes, and the wine paring we ordered. It doesn't really feel like a place where you might spend $100 a person, but it is.The taste: there was not a bite of the 8 course chef tasting menu, the amuse bouche or the surprise vanilla lemon sun choke macarons that I ate that wasn't an awesome bite. We started with a kohlrabi and parsnip amuse bouche, followed by a dish with cat tails drowning in a delicious sea of green garlic broth that I would lick off of almost anyone. The rocket baby bread and homemade over the course of 2 week butter was a yummy course leading to the the beef tartare, which they gave me because I don't eat pork. My husband loved the pork dish, and the taste he got of my beef tartare. It was topped with bone marrow purée and deviled egg foam or purée.--rich, but delish. The pea soup was probably the most interesting and unique - chilled with lemon bread chips, whole peas, buttermilk foam, and maybe a pea gelee... It was refreshing and full of flavor. I could go on about all the dishes, but I'll just say the 6 course wine tasting that the two of us shared over the chefs tasting menu included delicious wines that paired well with everything. The moscato was not too sweet, and went perfectly with our dessert.My face: so thankful that my husband indulged me and took me here for my birthday. Each tasting menu was $85 a person, and $40 for the wine tasting - in total, just around $220, pre-tip. Expensive, but in this case, you get what you pay for - innovative, filling dishes. Fresh ingredients. Impeccable service. Worth it. Way to go Chef Justin et al.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,5/15/2013,55,380,,6,3>Updating my previous post, and adding a star. I've been to Club Charlie's a few times now for trivia and also had to the opportunity to try their Tuesday special tacos. Here's why I'm upping the rating a star:1) The taco special on Tuesdays was great. Three tacos with tons of toppings and sides/salsas. Very, very tasty for a non-Mexican bar and fantastic portion size.2) Trivia continues to be a fun time, with a smart crowd and a friendly emcee.3) The owner personally reached out to me about an issue I had. It was unexpected and very appreciated. I think Club Charlie's is doing it right, and I'll continue to come and watch my Check-In numbers increase.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,5/14/2013,83,182,3,5,3>This was probably one of my favorite Yelp finds so far. Spent a solid 3 hours in here with my 15 year old sister and we both had a blast. I grew up going "antiquing" with my parents so I know a good antique store when I see one. I'd say this stores strong point is variety - they have EVERYTHING. If you're looking to replace that one dish that your mom had growing up as a kid - they'll probably have it. This also leads to the negative - it's all packed in there so tight, it's hard to see exactly what they're selling. I also think a lot of their stuff is overpriced - but I'm not an appraiser by any means.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,5/13/2013,40,82,4,6,6>I took my nephew here to cheer him up--I hadn't been skating in 30+ years and was quite nervous about it.  It wasn't very crowded that day and I got by without falling and breaking something.  :)We had a really fun time even though I only knew one song (Thriller)...it was all new pop/Bieber type music.  There was a kid there having a birthday party and after a conversation with my nephew...we decided to have my 43rd birthday party there.  :)  Concerned about the music none of us old folks would know, I inquired about bring a couple cd's with old-school tunes.  No problem he said...they could work them in the mix for us.  I booked the party for Halloween ( a Sunday), hoping alot of people with young kids would be out trick-or-treating instead of inside skating.  I was correct!!  We had the place pretty much to ourselves for the first session and my jams were being played! :)It was funny/cute watching the staff (skate counter folks) singing and bopping around to my oldies and thanked me throughout the session for bringing in the cd's.  It was very affordable for my group of 20+ and  let me bring my Hello Kitty birthday cake in.Everyone had a great time, the staff was more than nice and I'm sure we'll be back. The building is nothing to brag about...it's old and not updated but who cares IMO...we came to skate and have fun and we got what we came for and some good exercise too!  p.s. I left them my cd's so if you're there....they DO have some old funk to skate to...just ask.  (one of the ladies was so appreciative of the tunes...I told her to have the skate-master burn her copies.  "Yea, we don't know how to do that" was her reply (THAT'S how behind the times this place is) so the next time I was in the area I took her copies and the smile on her face was priceless!
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,5/12/2013,124,391,,8,6>This place is awesome!  Great hidden gem.  I came here a few years back when it was packed and thought it was more a restaurant than a place I could enjoy tea, snacks, and study.  I was completely wrong when my girlfriend took me back here this past weekend.  This place blew me away.  I didn't get to see the Garden Room yet I will be back many times to check it out again.  First off, we got there around 11 on Saturday to study and drink tea.  They were completely fine with us just chilling on a $9 pot of tea and re-steeping it 3 times studying away for 2 hours.  After that, we did get their two soups they had on special that day.  One was a cabbage Korean soup and the other a carrot ginger soup.  Both were delicious and set up for a nice experience.  We then split the cucumber tea sandwich that was so refreshing and hit the spot.  For dessert, we got the Matcha Devenshire Cream Tart that was one of the best desserts I have ever had in my life.  The cream was so good!  Definitely get this when you go there.  For the service we had Pat, who has a rocking beard, that knew EVERYTHING about tea.  I have been an avid tea drinker for multiple years but he is on a whole different level.  We chatted for a while about the tea before going with his recommended Pu-erh tea and couldn't have been happier.  Pat mentions that he tends the bar on the weekend and at night turns into an Asian fusion place.  I am looking forward to eating dinner Friday or Saturday there.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,5/11/2013,104,296,4,6,6>Why had I not dropped by the original Penzeys before?  I felt like an alchemist when I walked in the door, stepping back in time to work on some herbal remedy.  I am sure that the herbs and spices sold within the walls could cure ailments if mixed into some elixir, but I just needed locally produced baking ingredients.  If I ever do need an elixir or have to make any future baked goods, I will be visiting the Spice House.  I do not think it would be possible to patronize anywhere else.  I am sold!  From the various strengths of cinnamon to the beautiful, exotic vanilla beans, every baker will find what they are looking for.  Buy local.  It does not get more Wisconsin than this!  Added perks: when you are a new customer, you get a free 4 oz. spice AND if you spend more than $15, you get a completely different 4 oz. spice.  Sweet (literally and figuratively)!
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,5/10/2013,38,48,3,4,4>Centro Cafe came highly recommended by many people so I was eager to try it out.  My best friend counts this as his favorite restaurant in Milwaukee so when we went together, I knew it would be a good time.   When we got to the restaurant on a Tuesday night, the dining area was completely full.  We decided to sit at the bar in the back and it was a great choice. We happened to sit next to the owners who were at the bar dining.  What friendly and down to earth people they were.  We each had salads, a garden salad and ceasar respectfully.   My friend loves the fettuccine alfredo and it was no longer on the menu.  How wonderful of the owners and staff to whip up a dish of it to make my friend happy.  I had the pollo chicken which was served in a big bowl.  The broccoli was perfectly cooked and the white sauce was not super thick. It was just perfect. Centro is a really great addition to the Riverwest neighborhood. I love supporting locally owned businesses so I will definitely be back.I also think this place would be great to rent out for a private party. It is warm and inviting.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,5/9/2013,135,158,2,6,4>I go to Brocach for their Monday night movie nights during the summer. What I really like about Brocach is their atmosphere. They have a very relaxed environment. There are two levels and plenty enough seating and bars.During the summer their outdoor seating is exceptional. I love how part of the wearin outside is covered and the other part is not.There is a great selection of drinks, full bar, and their food is delicious. I would definitely suggest the beer dip... It is out of this world!! The parking can be a little difficult because it's street parking. Plan ahead of time.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,5/8/2013,73,288,5,4,5>I love the Zoo! This zoo is just like our fair city, big enough to have a lot of cool stuff, but small enough to cover in a short amount of time.This last trip had me going on (EEEKKK!!!) Family Free Day. And really, it was not as bad as everyone made it out to be. Maybe it was the moist, cold, gloomy April day, but everything was easy to navigate and there was only a few larger crowds in a few buildings. Traffic was a non factor at 10 in the morning, we pulled in right on Bluemound and made the mistake of parking under some very confusing parking signs which resulted in a ticket. For those seeking out free parking, unless you want to walk a mile before you hit the gates I would avoid it. The only street parking in walking distance of the gate covers a block and a half on one side of the street. Not worth the trouble.As far as the Zoo itself, it's wonderful. Glorious majestic animals at every turn. Some of the buildings could use a little renovating, but everything is clean, well maintained and functional. I love Bears that aren't the Chicago-type. This Zoo has them in spades. The aviary is amazing. The jaguars are awesome.There are also the extra things; pony and train rides for the kids, shows, a petting zoo. This place can't be beat.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,5/7/2013,38,85,3,6,4>Can't say enough great things about Wolf Peach!First of all, the location atop the condo laden hill overlooking the MKE skyline is just awesome, and makes for a delightful exit after dinner.  I can't wait to eat there on the patio when it is warmer out.I started off with a Satan's Handlebar cocktail which tasted a little like a Sunny D, but the rest of the meal more than made up for it.Let me first say that THE WOOD FIRE PIZZAS ARE TO DIE FOR.  Everyone at the table loved them all and the crust was done to perfection.  The combinations on the pizzas were excellent and I even enjoyed the mushroom pizza the table ordered, and I don't usually like mushrooms.The two salads were ordered were similarly excellent.  The kale salad and the squash salad were an interesting blend of ingredients and it was so delicious I didn't even try to figure out what was in them.  I just kept eating...Warning: the charcuterie plate comes out and consists of mostly patés, so if that kinda grosses you out you should order something else.  I wasn't thrilled about them at first, but then I tried it and really liked the whole thing.Overall, we all really had a great time here and I am definitely gonna be back.  I'm still not sure why Roots didn't make it, but this place might even be better.  Amazing job.....
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,5/6/2013,66,118,,10,8>It pays to shop where the chefs do.I shop Boelter for everyday kitchen items as well as items I need for charity/volunteer events. Many of the serving tools and baking items are sold at great price points and the staff is very helpful and friendly to work with. Some of the items are restaurant specific, however they carry a lot of products like Reidel stemware, cast iron cookware and cleaning products that work great anywhere. As other reviews stated, some items are only sold in bulk (large packs, cases, cartons, etc.) but some items are sold by the piece as well. In the backroom area they also have a scratch and dent section for even better values.When I purchase serving items/cartons/baking accessories for charity events, their prices cannot be beat for the large quantity items. This means more for the charity!This is a great place to check out on a Saturday morning/early afternoon if you are interested in foodie culture and you like to cook. They are also offering cooking classes this spring and have information listed on their website.Fun Fact: I purchase most of my stainless steel items here: measuring cups, spoons, spatulas, ladles, etc. The prices are fantastic and the products are well made.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,10/1/2014,85,126,1,9,8>Seriously, this place is awesome. A W E S O M E. I had a lavender cold brew, which was honestly the best coffee drink I have ever had. Lavender syrup in their cold brew -- fantastic. My partner in crime, Ashleigh D., had a cranberry-honey americano, and it was fabulous.I can't help but get hyperbolic with this review, because I was so pleasantly surprised by our experience at Stone Creek. The decor is so modern and clean-looking, the the coffee bar itself is unlike nothing I've experienced in MKE. Plus, the baristas are -- wait for it -- fantastic. Awesome. Fabulous. And so forth.The place is a bit unconventional, in that they don't have a huge coffee menu -- for example, I didn't see any lattes on the list -- but that's part of its appeal. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,9/30/2014,97,180,6,7,6>It's official, I have a new favorite breakfast joint. I feel like I've been cheating on my other favorite place but she seems to be involved with way too many other people. I think we can be in an open relationship and I'm allowed to love Mad Rooster as well.I have been to Mad Rooster twice. Both times were between 10:30-11:30 on a Saturday morning. The first time we were seated immediately. On the second visit there were plenty of people waiting inside and outside but we still only waited about 10-15 minutes. Much better than some other popular places with hour long waits. Anyway, the breakfast food at Mad Rooster has been EGGceptional (yes, I said that). On my first visit I had the delicious Venetian Benedict. I am a benedict lover and this one lived up to my expectations (eggspectations?). In addition to the eggs this one was topped with bacon, spinach, and portabella. On my second visit I got the Mediterranean Omelet. Woah, was it huge. Seriously, you'll be taking home leftovers. The omelet was good, but the best parts of the meal were the potatoes and pancakes. The baby red potatoes are perfectly seasoned. Their buttermilk pancakes basically melt in your mouth. Service here has been fast and friendly. The decor and ambiance of Mad Rooster is also very inviting. The outside of the building looks like a cute red barn. The inside is also charming, full of chotskies and other farm/country paraphernalia. Like I said, Mad Rooster is one of my new favorite places and I'm sure I'll become a regular.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,9/29/2014,190,251,7,7,9>Blackbird is great because it doesn't pretend to be something it's not. They have a fantastic bottle list of Wisconsin beers that are displayed in glass coolers behind the bar. The beer selection is nicely curated. They deserve another half star, but their tap selection makes Blackbird not my first choice in Bayview.Also, the business is owned by a chick, which seems to be pretty rare for beer establishments.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,9/28/2014,146,306,11,7,9>Finally.Thank you over-hyped Esquire TV show for letting me know what I've been missing. Shame on me.Last night I felt proud to be from Cudahy. I spent many a Saturday afternoon in my youth bowling. Because of this, I know how to keep score. The spoiled  Brookfield kids next to us probably spent their's playing soccer. Henceforth, they didn't have a clue. Apparantly, there is an app for that. Losers.Any hoo... Yes, this place is a dive. Yes, it's run very "casually." Yes, everything here is cheap as shit. Yes, you will have a blast. No, it's nothing like real bowling. My wife bowled a 212 one game. Her typical "real" bowling score is about 37.  No, your car won't necessarily get broken into. No, there isn't any Journey on the  jukebox, thank Christ. My wife would have played that shit all night. Yes, you should make a reservation, but No, they don't necessarily answer their phone to take them.No, you shouldn't judge them by any other bar, cause their ain't anything else like Koz's!!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,9/27/2014,38,84,2,5,4>What's not to like about this park? It has a bike/walking trail, nice views of the Milwaukee River, a dog park with two separate areas for large and small dogs, a skate park, picnic areas, and a bier garden. Unsure when the beer garden opens this year, but everything else is in full swing. The city / county is doing some construction at the ball diamond,  so that is ripped up at the moment.  So much stuff to do here! And it is safe, fun, and beautiful.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,9/26/2014,7,13,8,14,11>Forget Sinatra and Daniel's. Leon's Frozen Custard is the true nectar of the gods.Leon's is considered a Milwaukee staple. A bite of Leon's is like sunshine and daisies and cuddling a thousand puppies. Whenever I have out-of-towners visit, Leon's is always a priority. They're usually puzzled by this hype over ice cream, but after their first bite, their reactions are always the same: the initial moan of ecstasy, the constant "oh my gods" and then complete silence as we all devour our custards.Personally, my favorite is the Chocolate but you can't go wrong with the Butter Pecan. It's the perfect balance between sweet and salty. As for the consistency? It's the creamiest in the Midwest. For how much you pay for the portions you receive, it truly is the best value around. Open year-round, the parking lot is usually packed in the summertime. They only take cash, and there's usually a line. Nevertheless, it's more than worth it in the end. Leon's claims to be "Home of the World's Finest Frozen Custard," but is that true? My answer is: absolutely!
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,9/25/2014,124,96,3,7,7>A little coffee elitism, sure. But honestly, they can get away with it because they're just that good.  Small batch roasted. Very strong, worth every penny coffee.  Lots of places to sit and stretch out. Tables, plugs abound if you need to plug in and work.  Great selection of baked goodness and snacks to go with your coffee or tea. ( they carry rishi !!!!) awwwww yeah! I get here lots and you should too.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,9/24/2014,87,301,6,10,6>As my husband and I started furnishing our new home, we opted to check out Biltrite, partly because we wanted to shop local and partly because, well, we needed furniture.  We stopped in to browse; the sales staff was friendly but not overwhelming and let us wander around, checking in periodically.  We ended up deciding that it'd be important to have a bed, so we committed to buying one that visit.  And thank goodness we did because our salesman was a pro.  He convinced us we needed that bed more than we already knew.  But we were intent on getting one anyway and appreciated his enthusiasm.  He was respectful of our budget and preferences, and we didn't feel like he was trying to upsell us much.  We visited during a sale and paid what we feel was a pretty reasonable price.  The price included delivery and a metal frame, so it was nice to not feel like that was all added on separately later.  All in all, positive sales experience.What was even better than the sales experience was the delivery experience.  We agreed on a day and time frame for delivering.  The store called the day before, as promised, to give a three-hour window.  The next day, the delivery crew arrived 2 minutes earlier than the start of that window (which was *wonderful* so I didn't have to wait all three hours) and had everything delivered and set up, with all garbage and loose pieces removed, within 16 minutes.  Nice guys and super efficient work.  I'll definitely keep Biltrite in mind for future pieces.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,9/23/2014,92,265,4,6,5>Stopped in to WGPS after reading reviews from fellow Yelpers Brian M. and Mike P. -- glad to have done so. Tucked at the end of a residential stretch on W. North Avenue, WGPS caters to the gardening-DIY enthusiast and pet lovers all over the northwest side of town. We found quite a selection of veggies for our garden, a ridiculous amount of potting soil, mulch, and other assorted ground cover, and an incredibly helpful staff. One of the managers has a degree in horticulture (! - try getting that at Schmoe's or Home Steep-o) and took the time to talk with us about the size of garden, plant type, shade level, and potential pests before recommending a mulch cover that fit our small space and small budget. We ended up getting a few more unplanned items and left happy. Parking was limited, but plenty of spots on North Ave. will make non-nearby shoppers happy. Thanks WGPS!
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,9/22/2014,83,79,3,7,7>First off, ask for Kayleigh to be your server. I think that's how she spells her name--at the very least it's the phonetic spelling... But I have had two other servers there and neither can compare to her. Call ahead to make sure she's working.A few things of note:1. Best scotch eggs I have ever had, even better than the Duke of Devon in Sheboygan. They're sublime and hearty simultaneously. Whatever is in the aoli pairs perfectly.2. Their lamb Shepherd's pie is addictive. It's simply amazing, and the buttery, slightly crispy edge wisps of potatoes atop the sweet and savory lamb and gravy will keep you coming back.3. The sticky toffee dessert is a must. Always leave room for it, even if to share it with a few of your mates. It's bloody excellent!4. You'll start speakin' the Queen's English if you hang around 'ere.Overall, the place is fantastic. There's always a free drink via YELP it seems. It used to be a free shot and now it's a free glass of house wine. The cab is nice.I've been pleased with all that I have eaten here except for one item, the chicken curry. It was a bit bland and uninspired. And they took the full English breakfast off the full menu, which is disappointing. I would choose it often again if it was served all day.That said, it's worth it to come in on a weekend to have a "trad" on a Saturday or Sunday morning. It's fabulous. And the atmosphere is quite good as well. I chose to go here on my birthday this year, which is quite high praise for an establishment, since we YELP Elites get around. But Kayleigh took care of us in a way which made it special. CHEERS to Three Lions!
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,3/5/2013,162,248,3,15,6>We had our first meal at Quiote today, Thursday January 3, 2013.  We were surprised at how small the dining area is (maybe six tables), but we were lucky enough to be seated immediately.To start, we ordered an appetizer of guacamole.  We were first impressed by the fact that it was obviously freshly made and further impressed with how good it was. A ten out of ten.  The portion was so huge; we had to take half of it home.We ordered cheese enchiladas and chicken tacos.  The sauce on the enchiladas had a tangy and traditional authentic taste.  The chicken tacos were made with obviously fresh, white meat chicken and wrapped in double layered corn tortillas, garnished with onion and cilantro.We tried both the green and the red "salsas"  that are offered at each table. Both were very, very good.  My favorite was the green salsa.  It is made of both tomatillo and serrano peppers and is a bit spicier than the red.   Cutting to the chase, both meals were outstanding. Lots of great looking menu items, but for our first visit, we decided to stick to the basics.  We also saw that they have homemade Horchata on the menu and several different flavored homemade lemonades, too.Liquor:  They have numerous bottled beer choices (Corona, Dos XX amber and lager, Negro Modelo, etc).   I could see high end bottles of Tequila on the liquor shelf and the menu lists margaritas for six dollars.Service:  "Adam" was our server.  He couldn't have been nicer or more helpful.On our way out, we peeked in the kitchen (through the open window in the doorway to the dining room) and subsequently introduced ourselves to owner Chris and his wife, who were both working in the kitchen.  They verified what we thought may be the case; all salsas and sauces are homemade at the restaurant by owner Chris and his wife; even the tortillas.  What a difference that makes in terms of authentic tastes and textures.Quiote is the real deal and the most authentic guacamole, tacos and enchiladas we've eaten in Milwaukee, to date.  We can't wait to go back to try Chris' "Platillos Regionales" like Ropa Viejo, Camarones a la Veracruzano and Pescado Empanizado.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,3/4/2013,51,147,4,8,5>Ambiance: They keep the "shack" moniker alive. Small space with wooden pioneer style wooden tables, old metal tools and pieces on the wall. Chandelier made out of mason jars. Distressed wood floors. I think this is what Dolly Parton probably lived in before hitting it big and getting b**bs. It felt slightly "tourist trap" as far as décor. Like something you'd see in Wisconsin Dells. I feel they tried a little too hard to make it look like a back woods shack and therefore it doesn't come off as organic.Drinks: Full bar, coke products and Sprecher Root Beer are offered for soft drinks. They serve their drinks in large mouth mason jars. Again the mason jars made it feel too kitschy.Food: So the food was excellent. I'll sit in a quasi-tourist trap as long as I get brisket as tender as this. I opted for the brisket as an entrée although it also comes as a sandwich. The entrée came with cornbread and side. I got the fried okra. Such an underrated veggie, so we might as well start with that. The okra was deep fried to perfection had a nice hearty cornmeal crust and came with a zippy dipping sauce that pulled this side together. The cornbread was dense and sweet almost like a cake. Yes, I am a northerner, I like my d@mn cornbread sweet. Cope. When I asked for butter the server asked if I wanted plain or their maple syrup butter. I had to go for the maple syrup butter. Slathering that on transformed this into a dessert like sin. Sweet and creamy, it upped the ante on that already delicious sweet cornbread. The brisket was beyond fork tender, beyond spoon tender, you looked at it and it fell apart. Nice and fatty too. I don't care if you judge me but I love the fatty part of the brisket just as much as the meat. Go ahead, judge me, I have no integrity when it comes to brisket fat and I'm so ok with that. The brisket is smoked 14 hours with a great rub on it. It comes "undressed" and their bbq sauces are on the table for you to choose from. I didn't try the habanero because I am heat impaired. The Carolina Gold was a disappointment, I love mustard based bbq sauces but this just tasted like thinned down yellow mustard. I ended up doing a combo of the Kansas City for sweetness and thickness and the Texas for some spice.  It was delicious. We also got an order of the Kansas City Egg Rolls. Egg Rolls stuffed with BBQ pulled pork, Monterey jack cheese and deep fried and drizzled with their bbq sauces. These were awesome for my tastebuds, terrible for my arteries but oh so worth it. Staff: Server was your good solid server. The only complaint I have is that she brought my Sprecher Root Beer to the table in the can and then brought a mason jar of ice with a straw. So far so good. She opened the can and poured half of it into the glass. I didn't really want that much poured in, the only other place I've ever had a server do this was at Hooter's, I'm not sure where this practice came from. After she left I poured the majority of the soda back into the can. I drink my soda really fricken slow and if too much is in there it tends to get watered down by the time I finish if its all poured in. I know I'm a freak. So I continued peace mealing my soda out into the ice. After she brought the meal out she picked up the can and started pouring the whole thing into the ice again. I asked her not to and she was very nice about it and stopped doing that. She brought our dishes out promptly, checked back, brought the check promptly and provided us with wet naps since the meal was so messy. Bathrooms:  Clean and well stocked and afforded the patron a good amount of privacy. However the toilets are really low to the ground. It threw me for a loop.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,3/3/2013,73,56,8,3,6>pipe organ descendsbuddhas fall into darknessbeardos sip their wine
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2012,3/2/2013,12,42,4,6,4>Two-fer Tuesday!  Go.  Have 2 beers, hell, have 4.  Try a pizza.  The pizza is frozen, you say?  Who cares, because it is GOOD.  You can even purchase one to go.  Craft beers + crispy, salty pizza is a match made in heaven.  (I suggest the Greek one which has a ton of veggies and comes with fresh lemons!)  While you wait, check out some local art.  Seriously, what better thing have you got going on Tuesday evening?
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,3/1/2013,70,316,2,7,5>I'll update as we go more, but so far, so good for this Central Bark location! My younger basset hound has been going to a different Central Bark location for about 3 months and now that we moved, we switched here. She has never come home more tired! Girl did not move from her spot on the couch the entire evening and barely lifted her head! The place is huge, the staff is friendly and they were genuinely excited to add my basset to their pack. They take pictures and post them on Facebook, which lets me peek in on how my girl is doing during the day. I wanted to get my hound out of the house, get her some exercise and help her learn to socialize with other dogs better so she'd be more well-behaved in public and we're accomplishing that. So far, I'm a big fan and while I'm with-holidng the last star until we go a few more times, I'm very happy with the experience so far.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,2/28/2013,53,78,6,8,8>My husband says this place should be called: The Magical Meat Palace. I don't know what more needs to be said than that. But I will add that it is the CLEANEST space I have ever been in! It has amazing old world charm. Fabulous service that was very helpful and friendly. Definitely check out the Polish Delights-quite delightful. We got some kind of garlicky smoked sausage that we've been eating with cheese and it's seriously fabulous. Really excited to cook up the italian sausage we got to go with spaghetti.This place is seriously legit. And really cheap! Hubs' final sign off--this place is a total Meat-sterpiece!(I can't take credit for the cleverness but maybe I get points for being married to someone who's clever.)
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,2/27/2013,115,276,4,15,14>I concur with the rest of the reviews for the WHS.  This is a facility that is changing the lives of people AND animals for the better.  It's clear from the moment you walk in this is a place that is filled with love and compassion, and a dedicated respect to all animals. We found our Neko (originally known as "Papaya") on November 28th, 2012.  She immediately won us over.  The WHS staff is so kind. Everyone was so easy to work with. They were patient, understanding, and explained the entire process to us in full detail.  Once we signed in and filled out the application, they allowed us to stay and look / pet / hold / play with as many cats as we wanted to.  We visited several times, and over the course of a week we became familiar with the staff there. When Neko picked us out, we not only got an awesome, kick-ass cat, but also a free bag of Frommes cat food as well!  I bought a few items from their in-facility store.  Some of the proceeds go to the WHS.  I'll certainly be back to stock up on more blankets and cat toys when we need to. We had to bring Neko back to the WHS Vet a few days after adopting her, due to an upper respiratory infection. Their vet was great to talk with, we got recommendations for treating her cold, and she genuinely cared about our little girl.  We even got the meds for free.  Along with that, we had a certificate for a free checkup at a vet clinic of our choosing. (See my review for Mayfair Animal Hospital - wonderful people there, too). We are so grateful and lucky to have a facility like this in the Milwaukee area. We saw a few dogs there that I would have loved to take home as well.  Maybe next time! :)  I (actually "we", meaning myself, my husband and Neko) are forever in debt to the WHS! Thank you all for that you do.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,2/26/2013,46,552,1,3,7>By far, the creme de la creme of Goodwill stores.  It's well organized, clean, and quite a bit smaller than your usual store. I think Goodwill does a lot for the community here in Milwaukee and I'm happy to help support them with donations and purchases when I can.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,2/25/2013,69,156,2,5,3>I was thrilled to find out that they opened this location when I found out that the 27th St location closed a while ago - I had gone to the 27th St location and was a fan of the food there and had missed going to the place. The service was very good - they were very attentive. They took our orders in a timely fashion and had refilled our water on a regular basis. The food came out quickly and it was very good. I had the pho and it was just like how my Hmong friends made it - it was super yummy!The prices are reasonable for the amount of food you get, which I am happy about. I am definitely going back!
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,2/24/2013,47,107,3,5,4>I am not a museum-goer.  Don't get me wrong, I take great pleasure in a $30 glass of scotch while wearing a tie. I know how to be classy.It is truly hard to beat the sight of this building on a beautiful day.  The pictures don't do the amazing and unique architecture of this museum justice, and no words I say will paint you a better picture...it's really something you need to see for yourself. The variety here is unbelievable; 19th Century European, Asian, Haitian, Contemporary, etc. it's not often you'll enjoy a WAY to big table and chair set, tire art, and sculptures from 600+ B.C. An in depth knowledge of art is not required to enjoy an afternoon here.  It's just a nice place to stop before or after a day at the park.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,10/25/2013,70,316,2,9,4>This is the place that introduced me to Honey Crisp apples long before you could find them in every local grocery store. I've never done my own picking - just go in and choose from the abundance of flavors available. I love the vast amount of information available, as well. I still have their "calendar" on my fridge to let me know the approximate seasons of each variety and which varieties are best of each application (pie, sauce, eating, etc...)They also always have "seconds" available, which aren't as pretty, but are cheaper and if you're cutting them up - who cares?! They also usually have a variety of other fruits and veggies, plus the Lakefront Maple Root Beer another Yelper mentioned and caramel apples. This is also the only place I've found so far to have unpasteurized apple cider, which is the best option when home-brewing your own hard cider. I used to drive across town to go here, but now it's just down the street and I think that's probably going to be dangerous to my wallet.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2013,10/24/2013,140,249,8,13,7>The Jersey Shore of Milwaukee! Don't get me wrong, I've had plenty of fun times at Bradford. The stretch of beach is the largest in the area and I love the tiki bar - they serve up a mean pina colada that tastes extra delicious on a hot summer day. But beware of the sand on those hot summer days, it feels like 350 degrees and I have to run like a lizard to get from point A to point B to prevent my feet from frying.The people watching is pretty fantastic because everyone comes here. Everyone. On any given sunny Milwaukee summer day, particularly the weekend, this place is packed. Parties everywhere and volleyball games on every court. Don't think you can get away with underage consumption of alcoholic beverages though, I've seen several cops going around and checking ids. If you are allergic to bros, I'd probably recommend visiting another beach. The bros here are plentiful. The nice thing is that they tend to congregate at various points along the beach and can be somewhat avoided if you stay on the outskirts.Overall, Bradford is fun place to hang out and makes you feel like you've been transported to somewhere far away from the Midwest, but it is definitely not as relaxing as some of the other smaller beaches along the lake.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,10/23/2013,155,417,3,17,7>When your only experience is the Bayshore TJ's, this one feels like a miracle. A lot of reviewers have commented on the larger parking lot and store - it's really great. I came during the week and it wasn't crowded at all. It takes a bit to get used to the layout. There's a lot of stacking of the shelves and items - not spread out like a typical grocery store. Pretty much everything can be found here. I don't come to Trader Joe's for a full grocery shop, but they have some things that I'll gladly make a special trip for. Those include, chocolate covered almonds rolled in sea salt and turbinado sugar, coconut oil, and chocolate covered orange sticks, to name a few. They also have great breads, bagels, bakery items and CHEESE. Cheese at great prices!The employees are always consistently awesome and helpful.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,10/22/2013,115,276,6,7,8>This was the first Milwaukee Brewfest that my husband and I attended, and I can say we will be back next year.  Thank you, Rachel, and Yelp, for providing tickets for us to have fun!Pros : Holy crap :  beers galore.  If you enjoy beer, or deem yourself a "beer snob," this is the place for you.  It's worth it to get the VIP pass in my opinion. The VIP area offered 'limited release' beers (about 15-20), private porta-potties, and free pretzels.  I had a O'so IPA that was good.  Three Floyds was also well-represented (they had an aged bourban that was wonderful), and the Rogue Voodoo (with peanut butter and chocolate hints) was amazing.  Going on to more of the pros of the fest : The sheer selection of breweries represented was enough to take my breath away.  There were lots of rinse stations scattered around the grounds. (It appears Brewfest listened to the areas of concern from last year and responded.)  Getting in the grounds was easy and everything was organized and run well on that end. Parking was a non-issue.  My husband and I parked a little further down Lake Drive and walked, but it looked like they also offered parking on the grounds.   The Brewfest also gives accomodations to the designated drivers.  There are also some shuttles available.Cons : Overserved patrons.  Despite the warning signs posted around the grounds, I do realize this is something that can't be avoided at these functions.   The food selections were somewhat limited.  It got a little crowded and the lines for the popular breweries tended to be longer - that's also to be expected.  As the day wore on some of the beers ran out - so plan accordingly if there is something you want to try.Needs work : The lines for the porta-potties got a little out of hand towards the end.  (Even for the VIP section).  Once the beers ran out at the VIP tent, the guy checking the wrist bands left (or was MIA?) so there were people in line for the porta-potties who technically weren't VIP's.  Normally I wouldn't care, but I had a lady cut in front of me because she "really had to pee."  Well, don't we all?  Isn't that why we're standing in line for a porta-potty to begin with?  Also : the beer museum.  It was a tent with a few select items.  It would be cool to see that expanded on next year.  It would also be nice to see more food vendors.  I loved seeing Maxies, Jacksons, and Leffs.  In my opinion this would be a great event to get some more vendors to really show off their food selections / pair with select beers to really showcase.I did not see a whole lot of dump buckets - this lead to people tossing their beer on the ground, which is fine, unless you happen to be walking in front of someone who dumps their beer in front of you and it lands on your leg / shoe.Leaves me perplexed : People who bring kids (in strollers).  I don't understand why you would bring a child to an event like this.Next year I'm going to bring a notepad so I can remember everything.  As the day wore on I forgot a few things.   We will be back next year!
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,10/21/2013,24,66,2,6,7>Going to Barnacle Bud's = Going on "vacation." You can pretend you are in Florida and almost believe it. I have the sunburn to prove it. Alas, what I thought would be a short stay at Bud's turned into a much longer one. The sun was shining, the drinks were cold, and Jimmi T was playing his fantastic tunes in the background. What more could you ask for in a Sunday? As one of my friends says, "A life without Jimmi T is no life at all." So if you haven't spent an afternoon here in the summer, you are missing out. I have never had the food, but honestly it could taste like chalk and I'd still give this place 5 stars. It is kind of like the buffet at a strip club- it just doesn't matter. Life is good at Barnacle Bud's.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,10/20/2013,54,118,6,7,8>I do not like trying new salons. I've had bad and mediocre experiences, which is undesirable when dealing with one's hair. I read the reviews for The Establishment and decided to go for it. I am so excited to get my next haircut there!Shannon is amazing. She's so adorable, like a little doll, and so smiley. I am terrible at explaining what I want done, but she perfectly understood my weirdly vague description. She started with a scalp massage and I almost asked her to marry me. Shannon is fun to chat with, putting me at ease while she worked her magic. When she finished, I loved my cut and left the salon feeling very fancy. I made sure to have plans that night so I could show off my new hair.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,10/19/2013,129,308,3,7,4>This was a great idea for the dinner party, and a great excuse to get me cheese curds on a weekday. After a slight detour to the Bluemound location with the same namesake, I finally found myself in the PBR heaven. It makes so much more sense that it would be built here...They serve all beer and cider in these heavy chalices which is super cool, and you can seriously buy PBR in ANY size! Giant cans, 40 oz bottles etc, so fun! Appetizers were cheese curds, wings and the giant pretzel. The server told us that they batter all the deep fried goodness to order, which made these the single best cheese curds I think I have ever had. They were perfectly crispy and gooey. The fact that they come with buffalo sauce (just as I would order them) is AWESOME. The pretzel was crunchy on the outside and doughy on the inside, very fresh. It was served on a pizza pan because it was so big! I liked the variety of dipping sauces, but it was a honey mustard, and I think pretzels that big deserve whole grain mustard, none of that sweet stuff. The wings were good, HOT, but I like em like that. I got the caesar salad, and it was HUGE. An absolute dinner portion. However there were whole anchovies scattered in the entire salad, not just a couple on top like I've had before. I picked them all out, but at that point the entire thing smelled and tasted like a moldy foot (sorry George, know you like those little fishies!) and it was ruined for me. That wasn't restaurant fault, that was Kelly fault for not calling them out of the salad in the first place. I would definitely go back here, the atmosphere alone was great. I love the tall ceilings and the exposed brick.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,10/18/2013,64,138,3,7,4>I'm torn between 3.5 and 4 stars, but definitely think it's better than many people have said. Finally tried this place tonight, and was surprised to see how cute it is inside. A lot trendier and more upscale/chic than I would have thought. It's a dinner-only place and definitely geared toward an adult crowd, so I felt a little odd having my infant daughter with me. But they were kind about her being there, and it was easy to get a table in the dining room with no wait, which was appreciated. Nice menu, with a range of choices - but not so many that it's tacky. I went for yummy comfort food, and was happy with my order: grilled cheese (white cheddar!) with a chipolte mayo (nice kick) and of course I added the optional avocado and bacon. The tomato basil soup had a really nice consistency and all in all, the dinner was tasty and satisfying. My husband was not as impressed with his chicken sandwich, but I think that's because he didn't realize what he was ordering was a chicken sandwich (it sounded more fun). There's a real range of prices here, which is nice. The grilled cheese was only $7, while the bacon-wrapped (!) tenderloin was $30. Would like to go back and try more things. It's cool that there's a cheese fondue appetizer, could be fun. Service was nice. Our waitress was responsive, knowledgeable and attentive. One tip to the restaurant: try playing music out in the dining room area. Just something nice to have in the background. It's an evening place and it would fit well. A nice option to have in Tosa! Not my favorite downtown, but somewhere I'd return to.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,10/17/2013,94,294,2,3,3>Soul food heaven. The restaurant is not always open, so be sure to call ahead. Usually open for breakfast and lunch. The actual restaurant reminds me of a cafeteria, pretty generic looking. The service is good. Always friendly and reasonably fast. I love their collard greens, corn bread and fried okra. Very flavorful, just like my Nanny used to make it. I wasn't feeling adventurous enough to try the neckbones and chitlins, but maybe next time I will.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,10/16/2013,268,411,,6,6>I just moved to Milwaukee and on my drive from California to Wisconsin, my air conditioning broke :( I had no idea where to get this fixed since I was brand new to the area, but luckily my roommate recommended Gordy's. I had definitely done my research, found out what was wrong from another mechanic, and checked out quotes from other places, so I wanted to get a quote from Gordy's before deciding to get my repairs done there.I called and made an appointment just to get a quote. The people at Gordy's were incredibly friendly and explained and showed me exactly what was going on with my car, as well as the break down for the price estimate (for parts/labor). I also got some good advice about driving in Milwaukee in the winter for free :) Regardless, this place was quoting over 150 dollars less than everywhere else. I also was able to make an appointment a couple days later no problem.I can happily say that my car is all fixed now. It was an expensive repair, but I would have had to pay significantly more at any other place. Also, everyone here, especially Brett, is REALLY nice and they seem incredibly genuine, not like most mechanics I've run into in the past.Overall, I highly recommend! I would definitely come back if I needed something else fixed. Don't be scared by the fact that it's connected to a gas station, it's a great place to get your car fixed.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,2/13/2013,31,55,3,4,3>Do you recall the "old school" Lakefront Brewery tours? The ones where you were only sort of supervised; every tour guide gave a slightly different tour and the drinks flowed generously? Well, MKE Brewing has brought those back. It's a tour for adults that treats you like an adult (namely, by giving you GLASS up front). I'm not going to review their beer because (it's awesome!) everyone will find something they like here. They even have root beer for the DD in your group.The MKE facilities are smaller than the Lakefront ones, so the tour is much shorter. But it's not some gloss over, re-hash of the MillerCoors intro video. No sir; you get unique stories about MKE Brewing and why they do what they do (and even where they got their equipment). Each guide does things a little differently but the general concept is the same: Video (I know, but it's not a promo piece), get more beer, brewing, get more beer, fermenting, get more beer, bottling, drink more beer until your time is up.And now, what you've all been waiting for; How does the drinking work there? Well, let me tell you. When you arrive and have paid for your tour you are given a colored wrist band, two tickets/tokens and a poker chip. You then proceed directly to the centrally located bar to show them your wrist band and receive a glass filled with your choice of beverage. You choose said beverage from the great big chalkboard of beverages behind said bar. If it has a yellow check mark next to it it's available. From this point until 2 hours after the start of your tour you get to drink. But what are these tokens for? They're to prevent dumb people from drinking too much of the strong stuff. When you order a high %ACV beer you give up one of your tokens. If you stick to the lighter stuff, No Worries! That poker chip? It's for a free beer at local bars that serve MKE's fine adult beverages. Hell, go across the street to Palace Gyros, get some food and use your chip there for a bottle of Love Rock.Don't be a dumbass and ruin it for the rest of us by getting drunk and being an even bigger dumbass. We lost the quality of what Lakefront used to be in large part because of stupid behavior. So let's keep it professional here, folks.Everyone who works here is friendly and helpful. You can pick up beer to go or some of their apparel. Being small, the bathrooms are easy to find (walk towards the hanging bicycles) and clean. Overall, I'd recommend this to anyone who even sort of enjoys brewery tours.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,2/12/2013,56,51,6,2,6>I started rolling here when I joined the Milwaukee Blitzdkrieg not too long ago. As a child I would frequent roller rinks all over southern California speed-skating around the track and using the walls as brakes. The look and feel of those places never left my bones even after I put skates aside for almost 20 years.This brings me to Rollaero. The first time I entered the parking lot I didn't know what to think about the place. It looks like a WWII airplane hanger someone bricked up so they could store hazardous materials or military experiments. Not a bad thing in the least just a far cry from the strip-mall looking places of my childhood. Then I went inside.It was everything from my younger days! Old counter with masses of ugly brown skates on racks that probably used to hold depth charges. Horrible yet awesome tables with chairs attached yet for some reason not bolted to the ground. A large and very well maintained oval of wood for young and old alike to fall... er... skate on. And the smell... Dear sweet Invisible Pink Unicorn the smell! There is only one place that has this smell and it's old and very well-used skating rinks. I almost passed out from nostalgia!I can't recommend this place enough if you are:1) Old like me and want to relive the "glory days".2) Want to join the Blitzdkrieg! Do this one!3) Want to do roller figure skating. That's a thing and apparently they have a good program here.**Disclaimer: The above review is based solely on nostalgia and sleep deprivation**
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,2/11/2013,96,128,3,9,8>The Clement J. Zablocki Medical Center is a Department of Veteran's Affairs hospital serving Milwaukee and the surrounding area.The awesome thing about this center is that deeper in the grounds are all of the super-old buildings that look straight out of the early 1900s.  While some of them are blocked off due to safety concerns, some are in use.  There is also the sobering sight of the white grave markers, dominating the landscape.  (I'll add pictures when I'm able.)Also, if you turn into the facility on General Mitchell Blvd from National, on your right you'll see a deep sloping hill with, during the winter time, some hay bales, which are used to protect sledders from hitting trees and the like.  So, come some heavy snow, grab your sled and head for the hills!Here's a blurb from their website:  milwaukee.va.govThe Clement J. Zablocki VA Medical Center is located on 125 acres on the western edge of Milwaukee and part of VA Integrated Services Network 12 (VISN 12), which includes facilities in Iron Mountain, MI; Tomah and Madison, WI, and North Chicago, Hines, and Chicago. The Medical Center delivers primary, secondary, and tertiary medical care in 168 care acute operating beds and provides over 500,000 visits annually through an extensive outpatient program. The nursing home care unit of 113 beds offers geriatric programming and the 356 domiciliary beds are the locus of programs in Substance Abuse Rehabilitation, Psychiatric Rehabilitation and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder care.So, if you're a veteran and you haven't registered for potentially free or reduced-cost healthcare, please look into it!  Thanks for your service!
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,2/10/2013,66,118,1,12,6>Yes, Virginia, you can find fresh food in Milwaukee during the winter.If you are up for a little adventure on a Saturday morning in November through April, why not check out the Milwaukee County Winter Farmers Market? Most vendors are "regulars" with a few rotating. River Valley Kitchens (fresh mushrooms), Rushing Waters (trout, salmon and pet treats), Clock Shadow Creamery (the best curds you will ever had and quark), sorghum, herbs, handmade soaps, wild game, farm fresh vegetables and eggs....just to name a few.They do have a good problem that turns into a bad problem - popularity. In my opinion, their audience and vendors have grown out of the space and really should look into a larger building. The isles can be very crowded - be careful to watch for children and strollers. The current site does have free parking, however the lot can be crowded as well while conveniently located to the ramp for the interstate.Take a deep breath, put on some steel-toed shoes and check it out. It is worth the minor hassles. I imagine it is still infinitely better than braving the crowds for Black Friday.Fun facts: Some of my favorite items (in no particular order are): Clock Shadow Creamery Garlic Dill Cheese Curds, River Valley Kitchens Dill Pickled Mushrooms (gone in about 15 minutes when added to a relish tray), Thymely Herbals Homemade Sage Butter (there are shallots in it too...so good) and Mamma's Dressing (the best balsamic I've had in a long time and great to use when roasting brussel sprouts, also found fresh at the market) from Mia Famiglia. Also, if Beehive Alchemy is there, their Aster Goldenrod honey is to die for. Her shaving soap, bar soap and candles are also something to write home about.Bring cash! Most vendors are cash only. There are a small handful that accept credit, but cash is still king.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,2/9/2013,148,281,,3,7>I hadn't been Boswell in quite a while, which in my defense is probably for the best or I'd be 100% broke. But I needed a calendar and was kind of (not really) in the area, so I stopped in and was quickly reminded how much I really just love it here. The atmosphere is extremely inviting. As compared to say, Barnes & Noble, where you walk in and are almost immediately bombarded with Nook counters, magazines, and non-book merchandise; here you walk in and are greeted by some truly fantastic book displays. Yay, books!I love browsing and reading the staff recommendations. I could come here with my to-read pile 20 books long with no intent of buying anything and walk out with some great reads I wouldn't've otherwise even heard of. While there are certainly bargains to be found, Boswell is generally on the expensive side of things, but I don't even care.When Harry W. Schwartz closed shop, I was crushed. But now I am so happy to see Boswell thriving here and meeting such a desperate need in its community. While I rarely get the chance to visit this neighborhood anymore, it is worth the trip if for nothing else than to stop in here.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,2/8/2013,135,158,5,7,6>I came here because I won a whitening certificate.  I have lived in Milwaukee for eight years and I NEVER saw this place before.  When I walked in the staff was very friendly and open.  They made conversation while I was waiting, and even cracked some dentistry humor.  It was quite entertaining.  When I met Frank Galka he was very polite and went through everything step by step.  He gave a lot of insight and answered all of my questions.  He is very nice and not your typical scary dentist! I actually thought it was fun going here.... Which is rare because most dentist appointments are depressing. The office isn't anything fancy but I LOVED how he had pictures of his family and different accomplishments along the walls.  It wasn't your typical advertisements.  It seemed very family oriented here.  This overall was an exceptional experience.  I really like this place and plan on making this my permanent dental home.  My teeth are now happy.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,2/7/2013,20,84,3,8,6>Can I just say a la carte steak places piss me off? If I'm going to pay $40 bucks for a steak, at least give me a potato, or a salad, or SOMETHING! It makes me sick to drop that much change for a steak, and then pay an additional $8.00 for a potato. Ugh.Thank goodness for Coerpers. Sorry, I know it's the Five O'Clock Steakhouse, but it will forever and always be Coerpers to me. They know how to make solid cocktails (dirty martini with both blue cheese and anchovy stuffed olives? Okay!), the atmosphere is so supper-club-swanky-awesome, and the service is always spot on. And the food. Oh, the food. The steaks are melt-in-your-mouth amazing. I had the prime rib the last time I was there and it was incredible. Included in the price of the steak is salad, and a relish tray- so I feel less guilty about the price (even though it's still totally reasonable). This is hands down, my go-to steak place in Milwaukee.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2012,2/6/2013,83,182,5,6,5>Attention all butter lovers. This is your new favorite restaurant. You're welcome.These people who write reviews about not liking these burgers because of the butter need to get real. That's their thing here. And let's be honest - you're at a burger joint - stop pretending you're worried about your health.Onto the burger. When they say butter burger - they mean it. They butter the bun and then lay another slab of butter between the burger and bun so it's all drippy melty deliciousness when they slide it in front of you. I got mine with bacon. When you're eating a burger with a slab of butter on it, what's a couple pieces of bacon at this point, right? Worth it. Bacon was legit. None of that microwave crap. One of the best burgers I've eaten in awhile and its not just because of the butter. Do you feel a bit guilty about eating this? Yes. Do you care? Absolutely not.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2012,2/5/2013,58,71,10,6,3>Hey look at that cute little rabbit eating food scraps next to our table.  Hey, why does that rabbit have a creepy long skinny tail?  Wait, why is that rabbit hissing at me?  Ohhhhhh, that's because it's not a rabbit but in fact it's a huge rat- DUH!!!!!!!Now with that said, please don't let the scary rat detour you from eating at Juniper.  It's probably impossible to have outdoor seating and not have rats but I have to laugh at the fact that I was sure it was a sweet little loving rabbit.  It didn't bother me one bit, in fact I made no mention of it to the staff due to the fear that they would try to kill it.  Juniper is great, that's all I can say.  Every time I go there, the food is always great, for the most part the service is good, drinks are reasonable and the atmosphere is very relaxed.  Personally I love the back outdoor patio, it's a great use of space even with the hissing rat lurking about.  I tend to always get the same thing- the Tuscan melt which has always been fantastic but tonight I had the Thai chicken sandwhich and holy delicious, I might want to go back the rest of this week and have it over and over again.  Of course the Asian slaw and blue chips are the icing on the cake.Overall, I love me some Juniper.  I might love Lulu's just a little bit more but I'll take my Juniper, scary hissing rat and all!!!!!
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,2/4/2013,115,264,24,9,7>I think I was here last Friday. My memory of that night is incredibly hazy. It was before my birthday celebration, I drank A LOT of whiskey and I'm pretty sure I threatened a bartender because the dude didn't remember my name.  I think I was also convinced by a pretty girl to play T Pain on the juke box. Yup, I was THAT drunk. I'm pretty sure I was here though.I think I ordered the Shanghai Duck. If I remember correctly, it was excellent. We all passed our dishes around the table, so I also tried the cashew chicken, the mushu pork and something described to me as "china taco". I thought all were great, especially China taco.  You're welcome for being so specific.I'm not sure, but I recall the service being excellent. Our waitress expertly dealt with our party of 14 and drinks, apps and dinner were brought quickly.  This review is crap. THE END.........Until I go back without following up dinner with a super sized bourbon and a side of falling in the bushes in front of my house.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2011,2/1/2012,70,316,3,8,8>With all the negative reviews, I'm a little embarrassed/nervous to say that I kind of love Pizza Shuttle. I've never experienced any of the under-cooked/soggy/chewy pizzas that folks have complained about. If I had, clearly my review would be different. I will admit that the price is a large appeal point for us. If you sign up for their email list, you get a weekly email with a pizza special in it - for example, this week's is a large 3 topping for 9.99. You can't pass that up. The two of us are always full and we always have leftovers - an important part of the pizza ordering experience.We haven't really tried anything else from Pizza Shuttle - I stick with what I figure they know and have been doing for many years. I love the large list of toppings and that I can get garlic and basil for free - I've never experienced them forgetting to put these things on as other mentioned. My biggest complaint is that the folks doing the order-taking/check out are also the people who dole out the food as it comes out of the kitchen. Since I live so close, I always do carry out and I've waited up to 10 minutes for them to call my name while I sit there watching my order sit on the counter. Its really frustrating. I've contemplated nabbing it and running, but I assume the skinny hipsters behind the counters could easily catch me. IWe order from them 2 or 3 times a month and are always very happy - that's why we keep going back. It makes me sad that others are so down on the place.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2011,1/31/2012,77,153,11,10,5>YES, BOB BARKER. THE PRICE IS RIGHT! (But the food isn't shabby either)When I walked into Prime Table Restaurant, a few things struck me right away. First, I was visually assaulted from every direction by the hideous, horrible sight of bad interior decorating. It was if Carson Kresley won a design bid and was allowed to go nuts with his pleather-laced vision.I HAVE to go into more detail...it was just that noteworthy!The first thing I noticed was all of the obligatory brass and beveled glass--EVERYWHERE--that is the bastion of the typical Greek-styled family restaurant. Look up and you'll see those 80's plastic-domed, brass-colored hanging pots with some silk ferns leaping out in every direction. Speaking of faux-flora, there were plenty of colorful silk flowers in some dime store glass vases atop every table in the joint. The booths were, as you would expect, clad with "Naugalite" in a lovely shade of Mauve--reminiscent of the ONE week in 1987 when that color was en vogue, accented of course by vinyl teal and maroon "tapestry". But wait, look beyond the beveled glass chandeliers, and you'll notice the ceiling...THIS IS SO STRANGE: It's like someone disassembled waterbeds from a trailer park and re-assembled them on this restaurant's ceiling. There were those fake "stained glass" panels, backlit amongst this huge wooden compilation of bad taste. You don't want to look at it, but it's hypnotic--you can't NOT look at it! (See PHOTO that I uploaded.)Okay, all that aside, you aren't there to eat the light fixtures, so let's get to the food!They have amazing specials...all $4.99 or UNDER. Yes, you heard me correctly. I noticed there was a Fish Fry on the menu for the same price as the Fish N' Chips ($4.99). So, I asked our friendly waitress, Debbie, to explain the difference. As it turns out, the Fish Fry, which comes with choice of potato, home made cole slaw, bread basket, lemon, tartar sauce, and choice of soup, is hand-breaded on premise (in contrast to the Fish N' Chips, which comes to the restaurant already prepared). Okay. I opted for that, as did my lovely dining companion de jour. Our waitress was very helpful in assisting us in choosing wisely.You know what, it was pretty good! It tasted fresh. And the FRIES...crispy...and piping hot...they had so much Wesson-ality, they would do Florence Henderson proud! The soups were chicken dumpling (chock full-o-dumplings), and spit pea. Again, both were home made, and both were delicious. Our waitress made a point of insisting that a few of their special home made croutons be included with my friend's split pea soup, and my friend raved about how good they were. Like culinary crack, from what she indicated. Well, you know, "the first hits always free". The service was fantastic all the way around. Our waitress was evidence that great service does indeed exist in 2011. And two guys circulate the restaurant floor with such frequency, it's almost like your coffee cup is under "caffeine surveillance". The place is obviously wheelchair accessible, and we witnessed many a rolling chair in the place. The median age was a bit on the "long in the tooth" side. Between the crazy time-warped decor, and all the purple hair-don'ts, I thought I'd died and gone to polyester heaven. I wish I could take credit for discovering this classic little restaurant located on Howell and Drexel in a strip mall--with its superb service, decent food, and thrifty prices!  But I can't. It was the handiwork of my friend--she is the one that wears the sensible shoes. Four solid stars for this place that time, and good interior design, forgot. Bon Appetit!
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,1/30/2012,94,294,4,7,3>Arrived at 805am this morning for vehicle emission testing. There was a line of 20 cars in front of me. The station opened at 830am on the dot. There were three different testing bays open. I was the second car in bay 5. The testing took one minute. I was impressed by the speed of the testing. They just plug into your car's computer, start your car and the test begins. One minute for the paperwork. I was out of there and headed back home by 837am. The testers were friendly. Highly recommend this emissions testing station.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2011,1/28/2012,64,138,2,9,6>Though I initially gave this 5 stars, I've been less starstruck in subsequent visits. It's still a super cool place with rad decor and an interesting menu, but some of the beverage choices I liked so much on the first visit (which, granted, was very early in their history), such as a hard cider on tap, are no more. And the food is good, but not my favorite food of all time. It's a cool, pretty unique option for Milwaukee though, and a good fit for the area it's in. stuff that holds from my earlier review: The decor is gorgeous, first off. The bar runs nearly the length of the restaurant and just a day or two after opening, it was packed on a rainy Thursday night. Good sign. There's all sorts of cool additional seating areas, as well. Great tufted leather benches intimately tucked into corners, with cool table carts that give off a great "I just picked this up at a London flea market" vibe. Perfect for rolling in off the street and just grabbing a seat. Cool gourmet gastrobpub options. The beer cheese soup has pork belly, for god's sake. So rich, you just want to sip on it. And it comes with popcorn to sprinkle on top! Just the right bit of levity, though its tough to eat a whole bowl by yourself. The "grits n' ham n' eggs" was amazing. Like a delicious gourmet breakfast explosion in my mouth. No real grits, but enough poached egg and Berkshire smoked ham to make me giggle with delight. Tried the Muffalatta as well, very tasty. And the fries that come with it were just right. A bit of crunch, perfectly seasoned. Yum. Did I mention they have charcuterie?! All sorts of amazing things to try, cured meats, aged cheeses. One of the many lovely employees even gave us a free sampling of mortadella, just because. And it was delicious. The country pork pate was yummy, as was the cured duck breast. Well dressed, social crowd. Loved the cheers that went up as the Brewers pulled ahead (they have at least one tv up at the bar, enough to keep the sports fans happy, but doesn't at all take away from the gorgeous Euro ambiance). It's not cheap, though they have plenty of low-priced snacks and appetizers. But it adds up quick when you're downing drinks and ordering small plates. And speaking of the snacks, the soft pretzel comes with a most delightful mustard, and the olives were so good that even I, a non-olive eater, enjoyed several.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2011,1/27/2012,0,253,6,9,4>So, last year about this time I was sitting at The Eatery on Farwell for the Pancake Smackdown, when hundreds of Santas went riding by on bicycles down the middle of the street.  How did I not know about that!! Thanks to the Yelp Events page, I had the 411 on the ride in enough time to secure a Santa suit and work out plans with Brian M. to make this happen!Waking up Saturday morning was a bit of a Miracle.  Santa must has gotten word that the ride was happening, because he sent the first snow of the season.  It was just a light dusting, and the streets were cleared by the time the ride started.  There were starting points around the city at different Lowlands group restaurants, with the entire group meeting at Lakefront Brewery.  Joanna T failed to mention in her review that she was interviewed by FOX 6 for their special coverage of the event while we were at Lakefront.  There were hundreds of Santas jammed into the brewery enjoying a free beer before the ride to Great Lakes Distillery.  The ride over was all about spreading Christmas cheer.  Cars were slowing down to wave, honking their horns.  Kids had the biggest smiles on their faces at all of the Santas riding their bikes through their neighborhood.  The group we were with had music playing and were throwing candy out to people on the street.  We got to Great Lakes Distillery for a quick layover, enjoyed a piece of Streetza Pizza and a glass of Amazing punch that only the guys at Great Lakes Distillery can make. Our group then headed over to Kochanski's Concertina Bar.  More smiles, more honking, more waving, and more spreading Christmas cheer.  The party at Kochanski's was the Ultimate #HolidayFunMKE!!!  Hundreds of Santas dancing the Polka, singing Roll out the Barrel and Jingle Bells.  Hats off to Andy Kochanski and his crew.  They had some Delicious chili set out for us, and worked their butts off keeping the beer flowing.  The polka band kept the music going for hours.  They looked like they may have been having more fun than all of us!   After a few hours the bar started to clear out and most of the group got back on their bikes to head over to Cafe Centraal in Bay View for the after party.  We were having too much fun at Kochanski's so we called it done for the day.I have big plans for next year that include some Bedazzling and LED lights. If you have every ridden a bike and enjoy spreading Christmas cheer, put this event on your calendar for next year.  No one who loves this city should miss this event.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2011,1/26/2012,26,70,3,5,4>Holy grocery store, Batman!Shopping at Woodman's is always a treat in comparison to other grocery stores in the Milwaukee area like Pick N Save or Sentry. Friendly employees, huge selection, and low prices. Woodman's can seem overwhelming, even scary, to people who've never visited one of their stores before. In reality, there's nothing to worry about. It's just a grocery store. The only thing to keep in mind is that they only accept cash and debit cards. Is this a problem for you? Visit the ATM beforehand. As I said earlier, they have an enormous selection of products. Especially in their ethnic aisles. Notice how 'aisles' was plural? That's right, they have multiple. They also have a lot of regular items that aren't found in other grocery stores. Their frozen pizza selection takes up 2 aisles. Their produce selection is unbeatable in the Milwaukee area. And their liquor department is really a store in itself.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2011,1/25/2012,49,72,,4,2>The first time I saw a production by this company (or any theater for that matter) was back in my senior year of high school, 2002-2003, in the old Off Broadway space near the Milwaukee Public Market. I was invited to see two plays by one of the English teachers (and head of the school's National Honor Society) with her students. It was great! I don't remember the titles, but I remember one of the shows dealt with a woman losing her mind and working through it or something like that (Angela, you play a great crazy lady; Ruth you are wonderful classic). Anyway, I at least remember how much I enjoyed my first theater experiences. I didn't think I would see much more after that, but then I married a theater junkie and have had the privilege to see much of the wonderful works our city has to offer.Saturday, October 29th, was my first time inside the new theater space (I saw "The Exonerated,"  touching play, well done). It is so much nicer then the old space, not that I didn't like the old space but the new one has some advantages the other did not. The new space is configured the same way as the old, three sides for people to sit and the stage essentially in the center of the audience. No more pillars in the way of some people's view, yay! They have parking, yay! (Wait, why am I excited about the parking lot, I don't even drive...?!) It is a larger space then the previous with a roomier sitting area in the box office area. Simple, clean, very minimalist modern design. It lost a little of the close intimate feel the other theater space had, but I guess you'll lose that when you move into a roomier space. The theater space itself is a little lighter then the old, again probably due to its expanding size.The building is not in a prominent spot in the city, but they turned it into a giant golden yellow building with it's name plastered quite largely on its side so when you're in the right area it should be easy to spot. There are a few places to get food and drink in the area before the show if you're interested, namely: Alterra Coffee, Stack'd (a burger spot), and Moct (a bar). Of course, Downtown is nearby and they have a number of places to eat and drink and shop and such. If you don't have time to go to one of these places, however, they do sell soda and water (do they still sell wine and head sized cookies like the old spot?... I didn't check).So, go to town, grab a bite, and see a show here. Very nice new spot for this Milwaukee based theater. Bravo!
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2012,1/24/2012,115,264,6,8,6>So trippy. I grew up nearby and was here often when it was a Dairy Queen, and remember it as a Taco Bell before that. I vividly remember being slapped in the mouth by my aunt in the dining room here for some transgression when I was very young.The inside is largely the same but it really works. The menu is interesting, listing the dishes and their location of origin.  Not feeling too adventurous, I ordered the Carne Asada tacos. They were served with cilantro and house pickled onions, which were a nice touch.  The beans and rice served with the dish were great.  The service was fantastic. My friend, who is a devoted pizza roll eater and doesn't stray far from that had many questions and our waitress was happy to answer them.  She was also excited to announce that they had finally gotten their liquor license, which for many is key to any Mexican restaurant. I'm looking forward to some Dos Equis Amber on their patio when it isn't 25 with a bone chilling wind. Overall, Revolucion is a nice addition to a neighborhood that doesn't have a ton of options.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,1/23/2012,56,86,6,5,2>Alterra coffee turned me out in 2007, & made me into a coffee junkie.I had been flying back & forth between Milwaukee & Columbus Ohio for about 6 months, & at the time Midwest Airlines was still in business. They served Alterra coffee on the flight, and having never really been impressed by type/brand of coffee before, I usually would pass on the coffee & have water or juice instead. (I'd had Starbucks on rare occasion, & always thought "meh" as I drank it.)  One morning, on a 6am red-eye flight as I struggled to gain cognizance the flight attendant came by with the cart & offered Alterra coffee. She sounded like Charlie Brown's teacher to me in that moment, but I recognized the smell & nodded. 2 creams & 4 sugars later, I was completely upright in my seat. Mind CLEAR. Eyes WIDE. Completely bushy-tailed...whatever that means. That coffee raced through my veins like a rocket. Sweet delicious bliss! I had never tasted coffee like that before. I asked for another cup. She snickered & obliged. I've been hooked ever since.Alterra on Humboldt is my absolute favorite of all the locations. It's comfy, the Baristas are always friendly, free wi-fi, the outdoor seating is great (even in the winter- it's heated!) and it's usually buzzing with activity. It's a great place to meet with your coffee loving friends to talk about how much you all love coffee. I never care about the line that is sometimes back to the door...those people obviously have good taste. I never care about having to wait a few extra minutes for my latte; you can't rush greatness anyway.  I love the pastries- the selection is fantastic, and they're always fresh & well made. And I love the fact that they sell breakfast burritos & quiches all day long. Try the potato bacon breakfast burrito- it's always hot and cheesy, and they even give you some fresh fruit on the side to pretend you'll have room in your stomach for, after you finish your burrito.Here's how much I *heart* Alterra coffee- during the most recent mini-heatwave we had here in MKE, I stopped in to the Humboldt location for a hot latte in the middle of the day.That's right. A hot drink. I mean, I did say I was turned out, didn't I?
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,1/22/2012,33,43,3,4,2>Pretty cool coffee shop with a Brady street vibeIm always on a search for different places to people watch while getting tasks completed and I'm glad I finally made the trek. Awesome place to kick it with friends or relax with a book and a cup of tea.It's a big place with many different seating options (brighter and busier downstairs, dim and mellow upstairs). Downsides: The mens bathroom upstairs wasn't my idea of clean- one of those types where I would have to really think through what I was going to touch, how I was going to wash my hands, and how I was going to get out without touching anything.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2012,11/23/2012,61,275,3,4,3>They have a cocktail called The Lucile Bluth.  As an avid Arrested Development fan, I am required to give out an extra star for this fact alone.I had the vegetarian mushroom burger and really liked it.  As far as I could see it was the only vegetarian option on the menu, but since it was good I can't complain.  Friendly service, cozy space and reasonable prices.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2012,11/22/2012,70,316,,4,4>Went here are part of the Walker's Point Food Crawl, so we were able to get a 1 oz sample of six different flavors. Five of them were delicious - the Lemon Sorbet was so darn tart that I couldn't take more than the first, face-twisting, surprising bite. The Whiskey flavor is one of my favorites, but I think it needs to be had in moderation or with something to mix it up. Had it with the dark chocolate, which was delicious. Also had it over a brownie and that helped tone it down, too. The Strawberry Balsamic didn't really have much Balsamic flavor, but was still delicious - it tastes of fresh strawberries. The salted caramel is my favorite and don't underestimate the strong, solid, true vanilla.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,11/21/2012,35,50,7,7,6>Marco's pizza is thick, doughy, greasy, cheesy, and HEAVY. When you pick up a slice, it kind of just flops over under its own weight. It reminds me of the gooey pizza the Ninja Turtles enjoyed in the early 90s: pizza you can order in and just sit with all night in your sewer home and then still have a ton left over in the morning because it is so darn FILLING.At first I thought $15-$20 was a little steep for a large pizza, but the price was quickly justified when I went to pick it up and felt a good 10lbs of pizza in my hands.It's carryout and delivery only, so you'll have to call ahead. On the phone you'll be greeted by a gruff voice that wants to know your name, your order and nothing else. These guys are no-nonsense and they make good pizza.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2012,11/20/2012,21,177,,3,3>How have I not reviewed the Plaza yet?  Yelp shame.  We have loved this place for years, even before the food got all local and tasty.  If we want to take out of town guest to a unique Milwaukee atmosphere downtown, this is the place.  And with the wonderful new dishes developed by the new chef, the experience is all the better.  We love breakfast at the counter, and everything is great.  We've never had anything we did not like, but I can recommend the pancakes and french toast.  I also love the homemade scones.  Great place for kids (but there can be a wait at peak weekend times).
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,11/19/2012,140,249,,6,2>I have been to Bel Air Cantina twice and had two completely different experiences. Both times I went for their Taco Tuesday special (they have a selection of tacos for $2, if you get 3 tacos they include the rice and beans). On my first visit we had to wait for a table - which is the norm if you come for the special - but we got a seat at the bar in the meantime. Our bartender was a fun, spunky girl who looked like Emma Stone. She suggested what margaritas we should order and also the $2 mystery tequila shot. She made amazing drinks and was spot-on with the shot suggestion, it was incredible!!! She also gave us the complimentary chips&salsa at the bar. I love the 3 types of salsa; while none of them are very zippy (which many people prefer), they were all flavorful. I also liked the chips, which were hot and fresh. We were seated in a very timely manner (wait time total was 25 minutes) and our waitress was attentive and efficient.The tacos I ordered, on both of my visits, were top notch. Especially the BLT taco - both times it was loaded with bacon! Between my visits I have also tried the Pollo Verde, Pollo Yucatan (better than the Pollo Verde!), and the Roasted Veggie (really good!). The black beans and rice is prepared in more of a Central American style rather than straight up Mexican. It was reminiscent of the rice and beans I ate every day for two weeks while studying rainforest ecology in Costa Rica.So visit #1 was a 5 star experience for me. Then came visit #2.....Again, came on Taco Tuesday. Again had to wait. But this time it took about 25 minute to order a beer - they also have a selection of $2 beers on Tuesday, I definitely like the Modelo. The tequila they used in the mystery shot was way different than the previous time. I was unaware the shots poured vary daily.It took a much longer time to get a table (45+ minutes), and we were seated outside even though I had an inside preference (I was underdressed for the chilly summer evening). It took a long time for our waiter to visit our table, take our order - we had plenty of time to look over the menu, and an even longer time to get the drinks we ordered. Our drinks were long gone by the time our food came. Our waiter definitely seemed high; he was extremely forgetful, slow, and unnecessarily chatty. I asked for a water and he stood and talked to the people at the table next to me (they seemed to be acquaintancesof sorts) for at least 10 minutes before leaving to get the water I requested. And another 5 minutes before I even saw my glass of water. I left extremely irritated and cold, and vowed to never return on a Taco Tuesday.They also offer Taco Thursday, which might be less crowded. And have an enchilada special on Wednesdays that sounds good.Even though my 2nd visit to Bel Air was not enjoyable due to the horrific service, the food was still awesome (I'd say the best selection and quality of tacos I have had at a Taco Tuesday) and I will give them another try on any day of the week except Tuesday.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,11/18/2012,57,134,2,2,2>Their pour-over coffee bar is amazing.  You get a crisp and clear tasting coffee with no excess bitter, and a very smooth consistency.  I highly recommend this to any coffee lover.Their food is pretty good, but the 5-star review is for their coffee.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,11/17/2012,34,209,,2,3>I happened to be walking down Milwaukee Street when I stumbled on the store. I LOVE,LOVE this store, Milwaukeeans this place is a gem. The store's philosophy is to promote African fashion -"Buy and Wear African." I got a chance to meet the owner who was really nice. They carry fashions both for men and women and accessories from all over the continent. I saw some really cool funky earrings I will be going back to pick up.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,11/16/2012,24,75,2,3,2>This is a must stop for me any time I'm at the Milwaukee Public Market.  Actually, I've made at least two trips into Cedarburg as well just to make a visit to the Roastery if I'm driving by on the freeway.  I love the coffee. The employees are top notch and friendly, don't forget to get a Monster Cookie as a snack.  I'll also recommend joining their coffee club.  There isn't really anything to it other than letting them know you want to join. It'll get you a buck off a drink after ten I think. I forget because I'm there enough that it is a welcome surprise.  If you're in either neighborhood, go.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,11/15/2012,73,56,6,5,9>Ascend many stairsBefore reaching greater heightsinside your body
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,11/14/2012,22,29,2,3,4>Yen Ching has been my default for Chinese food since the early 90s. The service and food have been consistently excellent. Environment clean and appropriately decorated. Service has always been attentive and pleasant. Personal favorites include the Pot Stickers, Sizzling Rice Soup, Hot Braised Pork and Twice Cooked Pork. It's hard to stray away from cooked pork with cabbage, black mushrooms and green pepper in spicy plum sauce. I hope to delve deeper into their menu in the future as I haven't been disappointed with an entree so far. Dinner will run you $10-$15 and it's well worth it. "Fine Mandarin Cuisine" is spot on!
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,1/13/2013,76,73,6,6,5>OMGOMGOGMGOMGOGMOGMOGMG UH-MOOOOOZING! Im so mad Ive been living a mile away for a year and a half and havent tried this out until a month ago. Ive more than made up for it, as I think we take like 3 trips there a week now.THIS MEAT IS UNLIKE ANYTHING YOU CAN GET IN STORE. Im talking Whole Foods, Sendiks, anything. Its so good.I love the meat counter guys... great meat with a side of sass! (But dont worry for you old fashion folks reading this, they are always polite).. EVEN when its 3 people deep on the weekends.They have amazing beef jerky.. and beef sticks. The HOT PEPPER is my favorite flavor, they also have Jalapeno and cheese, garlic, and one other that escapes my mind at this moment. I love their ground meat.. they have two different grade options..  and if you buy 5 lbs you get 10 cents off per lb.. Their NY Strips are so great, marinate those suckers and you wont miss going out to steakhouses and spending a ton on a less worthy piece of meat.Their deli counter boasts a delicious three choice option of pulled BBQ meats.. as well as various other salad (Im talking potato salad salad) choices. I love their fresh pepperoni, they have totally revolutionized pizza night at our house!!!!Im getting excited typing this... Looks like Im in need of another trip to  BUNZEL's is called for..OH and did I mention that they do catering. Yum. Yum Yum YUM is all I have to say.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2012,1/12/2013,146,306,7,12,8>Unfamiliar with Indian / Pakistani Food? Let Royal India introduce you to it.They key to a happy marriage is to never stop trying to make your spouse happy. My wife's love of subcontinental cuisine is well known but I had resisted it for 10 years based on a few poor experiences early on in our relationship. I agreed to give it a try if my wife agreed to take me to someplace where there will be something "not too Indian" that I could eat. To Royal India we went...Several visits later; each time ordering something more and more "Indian," I will now agree to go out for Indian food any day of the week. My go-to selections are usually tandoori chicken, tikka masala, or kaftka kabobs. Garlic naan and daal chana washed down with a mango laasi are always a must. I even have been known to visit during their lunch buffet for endless amounts of my favorites. I've never been a fan of curry. It smells too much like dirty feet. I still feel that way, but I have now realized that there is more to Indian food than curry. It's probably this revelation that has led me to explore Pakistani food which tends to be more meat based. The restaurant was remodeled a few years ago and now has an upscale feel to it. One thing that has never changed is the upscale service. Whether you visit for the lunch buffet or for dinner, you can always been assured of snappy, friendly, and informative service and most importantly, a very clean dining roomThanks Royal India for opening me up to a whole new cuisine. After all, 1.2 billion Indians can't be wrong!
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,1/11/2013,94,294,,6,3>Ok, saw an article about Alphonsos at onmilwaukee. The picture had me hankering for some cracker thin crust pizza. Ordered a large cheese, sausage, mushroom, onion pizza ror delivery. $22 and 45 minutes later, the fresh pizza was at my house. Friendly delivery guy. The crust was cracker thin, but substantial enough to not get soggy. The sausage was flavorful. The sauce was seasoned well. Totally LOVE this pizza. We will be ordering again for sure!
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,1/10/2013,87,148,1,5,4>I love the fair. Even though, year after year, we do the same things, it never disappoints. I would highly check out the weekly/daily deals. Many of the days you can get in at a discounted price. Parking can be difficult, This year I was going to bite the bullet and save myself, and my five month pregnant body, a walk and pay for parking, but, the lots were full. So we ended up walking anyway. If you are patient enough and wear good walking shoes this should not deter you. I like to go during the day, during the week to avoid some of the crowd, but, if you don't mind crowds. Go for it! On our always must see/eat list are:  - .25 Milk (sometimes we hit this stand two or three times in a visit) - Animal barns (a hit with my daughter), especially the cow barn where one can milk a cow - New yearly food on a stick...this years concoction (which I loved by he way) was a peanut butter cup, dipped in banana batter, dipped in chocolate, covered in bacon. It did not disappoint!  - The tallest fair ride allowed in the U.S (new to the fair in '12), I did not personally try it but from the screams coming from the general direction I would say it was a hit.  - The exhibition building where you can buy just about anything you never knew you needed (and probably don't), I end up buying something there every year.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,1/9/2013,87,301,2,8,4>If I could live in Miller Park, I would.Pros:-Home of the Milwaukee Brewers, a lovable team indeed-Racing sausages-Take Me Out to the Ball Game / Roll Out the Barrel 7th inning stretch-Tailgating-Good concession options (seriously, try the banana nutella sandwiches by section 210)-Great location-Hardly a bad seat in the house-Friendly staffCons:-Sure, stadium snacks can be pricey, but you'll be hard-pressed to find any stadium offering cheaper treats than Miller Park.  Expensive, but moderate in the grand scheme of things
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,1/8/2013,104,296,5,12,8>Rare is the restaurant find that provides dishes of beautiful kaleidoscope color and outstanding seasonal flavors AND stellar, repeat, STELLAR service a la Marie.  She will recommend the perfect liquid start to a meal.  I wanted a jammy red wine, and she gave me the best knowing my palette.  Try the Shiraz Grenache blend, if you enjoy a subtly sweet red that can stand alone or pair with a great cheese.Whatever your beverage pleasure, Marie will be able to provide appropriate and tasty suggestions.I had one of my very best meals this evening at Meritage, and it was an unexpected combination that produced the fabulous results.  I have tried many a magnificent dish at one of my top 3 restaurants, but I found myself wanting to go outside my comfort zone.  I was also in the mood to do a little sampling of menu items.  I, of course, default to Marie's recommendations.  So, I conferred with her on two "starters" that I was feeling as my main entree.  I asked about the Shrimp Sangrita, and she shared that the beet salad--if one wants a great choice with shrimp--would be a better substitute as part of an entree.  She was absolutely right, and the salad just so happened to have one of my favorite ingredients: fennel.  That said, if you are in love with this bulb as much as me, it is a MUST that you order this salad.  The beets were unbelievably fresh and rich with flavor.  There was the complement from the licorice-flavored veg and the tart Granny Smith apple.  Top that off with plump and sweet, perfectly cooked shrimp and you have a dish that could rival any red meat-laden plate.  I was full after my meal, but that was also thanks in part to the scallop cake that sat beside my salad.  The jumbo, encrusted scallop will blow your mind.  Crunch and caramelization combine to create some major flavor dimension.  There is a tomato confit or relish along with micro-greens that pairs with the scallop to make an out of this world starter, but also a great side dish to an entree.My meal was presented beautifully and tasted so.  It was another perfect dining experience from the first sip of wine to the last bite of green apple.  I am grateful for such a 5-star gem in my neighborhood.  For those that are seeking extraordinary eats like what is prepared at Meritage, know that you can traverse beyond the limits of downtown Milwaukee.  Those extra 5-10 minutes will be made up in the pleasure you reap at the quaint food spot located on Vliet St.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2012,1/7/2013,34,68,12,6,8>Hola Amigos, what's goin' on?I know it's been a long time since I rapped at ya, but I've been dealing with some serious biz. So I've been in and out of court the last month and totally trying to get my license back, and then my good buddy Erich gives me a ring and says he's gonna go party and do I want to hang. Duh! When does Joseph S. turn down a chance to rock out and party with his buds? I told the dude I'd see him at The Tonic 9PM sharp!I was all psyched to go after he hung up, but then I remembered that my ride is in rough shape. Ever since my EX-mechanic Kevin tried to tell me I needed to have all 4 lug nuts holding my wheels on I've been trying to prove his dumb ass wrong. Things were going awesome with my little science experiment until I needed to take the Festiva (I've been callin' it the FASTiva) through a cornfield one night. I had been drinkin' with some of my cousin's high school friends out by Mukwonago and sure shit, Johnny Law starts rollin' up the dirt road we were throwin' bottles into. You know your buddy Joseph S. ain't tryin' to get picked up for buying booze for minors (again). So while the other dudes got in their cars and drove up the road, me and the Fastiva tore ass through this bitchin' cornfield. I figured there'd be a road on the other side, and i left the lights off ninja-style so the fuzz wouldn't see me.Well things were going just my way until I hit a pretty rough bit of turf and I heard the sound that no man ever wants to here. Yep, it was the snap of my front wheels breaking through the 2 nuts I had holdin' 'em on. You might be thinkin' that Kevin was right, but I say screw that 'cuz I almost made it through that cornfield and ain't no Festiva made for off roadin'. If I coulda stuck to roads nothing would've happened, so there's no way I'm gonna pay Kevin the 20 bucks he bet me. I was gettin' sick of his BS about Def Lepard being cooler than Ratt anyway. Looks like ol' Joseph S. is in the market for a new mechanic!Anyways, I called Erich back and tell him "hey, come pick my ass up!" and we head to the Tonic Tavern. It's just down the block from the intersection of KK/Howell/Lincoln so there are plenty of other places to choose from, but I like Tonic. They've got one of the best outdoor seating areas in the city... it's open to the street and sidewalk, framed by high fence on both sides, and leads you nicely into the bar. The front room is wide open, literally. Large open windows and removable wall panels make a nice transition into the small bar room. It's ok that it's small, because everybody is outside anyway. There's a small stage in the corner where they have "unplugged" acts of various genres from time to time. Drinks are well made and average in price for the area. Nightly specials are a little more varied than most places, and I appreciate the choices. I've never had anything but prompt and friendly service, and the joint is always very clean. That said, sometimes I just feel like I don't belong there. Maybe it's not enough of a dive or something.... not the kind of place I'd grab a quick beer alone. Good to go with friends, when the weather is nice.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,1/6/2013,117,150,16,7,9>I wanna be violently force fed Classic Slice pizza as I die.What the eff is in this shizz? Every frigging thing here is delicious.You like meats? They gots meats. You like vegan? They gots vegan. And guess what, you namby-pamby fearers of vegan things...it is actually delicious! And that's coming from a guy who eats pretty much nothing but meat! I put bacon on my bacon!Most recently some friends and I shared the Monster pizza. If you are lucky enough to be my friend on Facebook, then you may have seen the pic. This thing was gigantic! The staff was a little surprised when we ordered it. Apparently, it's only ordered once or twice a month.Mad props (people still say that, right?) to the staff. They are all super rad. They seem like they enjoy what they do, which is a great sign of a great business.ONWARD, PIZZA SOLDIERS.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,1/5/2013,93,44,8,7,3>Here's the thing, Conejito's is (surprise!) kind of a dive. Don't get me wrong here, the food is great! It's tasty, cheesy as all get out, greasy, served on paper plates, super cheap, mexican food.The decor is totally tacky and awesome. If you've never been to a restaurant with dead plants hanging from the ceiling, this should be the first. Everything about this place is great.The beans and rice are delicious. I always get the enchiladas, because, jeez; they're so melty, sloppy and just plain mouthwatering.The staff are super quick, attentive and the bill always comes before you're done. Easy-peasy, in and out service. Sweet. Oh, and the margaritas? Delicious. Salty, tart and boozy.If you haven't been here, get real. Take off your fancy pants, and put on your "I'm about to stuff my face in a no-judgements-zone" ... pants.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,1/4/2013,126,304,5,7,6>Okay, so I heard all y'all out and went to Oleg to hem a pair of maternity jeans that were way too long  Normally, I con my dear mother into hemming pants for me however with a growing belly, I needed these jeans done STAT.So, I visit him and he is seriously the cutest man ever.  I get what you all were saying about his old school service- because folks like him just don't really exist anymore.  However.....I wasn't prepared for the 3 week wait on the hem and the $18 price tag!  Whooo-wee!  It's my bad for not asking the price up front- but I honestly assumed it would be less than $10. I got the jeans for $7 so I was hoping not to pay more than $10 for the hem.Overall, I would use him again but probably ask for the price up front as to not be sticker shocked when I get the bill.  The work he did was quality.  Just don't be in a hurry to get your items back.....dude is busy.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2013,2/23/2014,147,207,3,10,8>I'm a huge fan of this little hole in the wall. It's a tiny dive, there is at least one waiter there who is decidedly unfriendly, sometimes they plain forget about you even though there are only three people in the place...But, I'm addicted to the Chicken Makhni. It's just plain fabulous. Brightly colored and gorgeous visually, the taste has depth of flavor. Not spicy in the hot sense, but spicy in the what is this I am tasting, and what is this I am now tasting sense. Soak up the sauce is some naan. Oooooooooh.Huge portion and I love it as leftovers the next day.(Plus, afterwards you can go to Bryant's which is just down the street for cocktails. It's the perfect date night in my opinion.)
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,2/22/2014,162,248,,7,7>MKE can be proud of this theater. It is a large, beautiful space.  Not a bad seat in the house.  Great accoustics.  Nice parking tri-level building right across the street with a bridge into the upstairs part of the theater.Been here a dozen times or so in the past and never had any problems or issues.  Just saw Whitte Christmas this evening and will be going to see Nutcracker Suite later this month (for the third time at this theater).  Great times and memories at the Marcus Center.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,2/21/2014,97,180,1,8,5>Your search for the area's best cheese curds is over. The cheese curds here are sooo good and dare I say- the best I've ever had. They also have a huge delicious giant pretzel because who doesn't love a pretzel bigger than their head? No really. Tell me. Who doesn't?Great ambiance and atmosphere here. I love how they transformed the place.Fun drink list with names like "The Glendale." I had the tasty new-fashioned. Besides the appetizers the rest of the menu didn't excite me that much, but I had a solid chicken wrap that you really can't go wrong with. I'll be back for drinks and apps, where I think they excel.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,2/20/2014,266,264,1,8,6>I'll make this simple: Lynna is the best! I've never enjoyed pedicures that lasted so long and look so perfect.I only go for the pedi's but she does all the nail services, of course.The whole experience is private (she has a solo salon, and only sees one client at a time), relaxing, and an all around good time.  She is super sweet and great to chat with during the appointments.Warning though, she is VERY popular, and you'll need to book well in advance.  It's worth the wait though!
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,2/19/2014,155,81,2,8,6>Ladies, searching for that perfectly color-coordinated accessory item to complete that new look?  If you can't find something here, you can't find it anywhere.  Well, maybe you can, but it will probably cost you a lot more money!  Bangles and Bags is a fun place where everything is cleverly color-coordinated in displays.   Just over a year ago they expanded their store space,  adding a half-off clearance section.  On a recent visit they had an entire table of items selling for $3 each.  I walked out purchasing 3 items for less than $20.  Even at twice the price it would have been a good value.Hats, purses, jewelry of all kinds, scarves.  Hair clips.  Wallets.  I'm sure Im forgetting something.  One thing is for certain.  If you see something you like, pick it right up.  Most things are one of a kind and when they are gone, they are gone!
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,2/18/2014,155,417,12,9,6>Dan and I came here on a cold winter date night for dinner and had a great experience. We were greeted and told to sit anywhere we'd like. I immediately gravitated toward a back table for warmth. I sat on the window seat, which is actually a seat right on top of the radiator. Yes! I definitely started overheating toward the end of our date but it was worth the singed tukhus. I got a warm cider drink and mushroom lentil soup, which were good. Even better, though,  were the beet salad and potato stack. The potato stack consisted of slices of several and a bechemel sauce in between. The menu is nicely divided to please meat eaters, fish lovers, and vegetarians. A neighboring table* ordered the cheese plate and that looked really great, too. The plates are a perfect size to hog for yourself (my M.O.) or share. *Note to guy on a first date with girl in sparkly shoes: You were so nice and she seemed awful! Keep looking.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,2/17/2014,24,66,,11,5>No frills, convenient and you get exactly what you want. Lots of options from a basic $20 wash to a $150+ full detail. A major plus for me is that even with the basic wash they didn't tack on any extra "pet hair" fees. Definitely no nickle-and-diming here.I often see a lot of very nice cars getting washed here, so I take that as a good sign that people who know cars a lot better than me trust this place too.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,2/16/2014,22,162,,9,4>It's not Blues Egg- BUT ITS PRETTY CLOSE-- after driving to Blues Egg (and being told there was an hour wait) my friends from out of town and I decided on Simple Cafe. There was no wait, but it was busy. To start the service was outstanding. I wasn't sure what to expect for their menu, but was delighted they have everything from the standard breakfast to unusual items I don't think anyone in Milwaukee has on their menus. I.e.- Korean Breakfast and Japanese Ramen Breakfast. The waitress was excellent, friendly, knew the menu and had recommendations. As someone who has traveled all over the world, I opted for the Korean Breakfast, it included brown rice, shredded port, kimchi  and a few other items. It was spicy and outstanding! Can't remember what my friend had, but they loved it. Prices are reasonable and  portions are large.A great touch is they offer you a cup of their outstanding coffee to go when you leave. I love this place!
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,2/15/2014,126,304,5,10,7>Bottom Line:  Just go.Other details: I admit I was a little hesitant that the food was going to be "too fancy" for me based on other reviews.  This was not the case however it is a special occasion place (at least for us) however I wish I could dine here weekly if my budget allowed.  It was pricey but worth.every.penny.  I'm serious.  I got the salmon and my husband got the short ribs.  Both were outstanding dishes with sides to accompany them that also could stand on their very own!  The crab/corn side that same with my salmon about blew my socks off.  So. good.   We did not try dessert but will definitely indulge next time.Service was good.  Ambiance was romantic and cozy.  I'm thinking of my next special occasion right now so I can dine here again.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,2/14/2014,38,61,13,7,4>5 starts for BEST STEAK TACOS EVER. I am sold. I want them every day. Seriously. Every damn day. My face will be dripping taco juices and my stubble will be smelly. But I will die happy.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,4/25/2013,147,207,10,9,7>If you stop by on a random Friday afternoon...You might find me sitting at the bar (fairly tipsy) ranting on about something or another. It's the perfect place to play hooky or just get away from the madness for an hour (or three) with a glass of wine (or three). I've been there once (or thrice).
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,4/24/2013,36,247,2,8,8>Wow.  Total awesome.  I'm not going to review every nuanced part to my lunch here.  Most everything I've thought to say has already been said.  But yes:-Friendly (beyond really) Owners-Huge Portions (and I have a big appetite)-Great tasting food - both wife and I had combo chicken / pork-I was hesitant about the carrot slaw - I'm not huge on slaw in general - but it was awesomeI would absolutely go back in a heartbeat.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,4/23/2013,27,57,3,7,5>Time for another update, and upgrade. Blue's Egg has become my go-to breakfast spot. My last 4 or 5 visits have all been perfect. It's typically my wife and me dining with our 2-year-old twins, which can be a bit chaotic at times, but the prompt service and the way the servers take special care of our kids is really impressive. I think I've tried just about everything on the menu at this point. The variety is top notch and everything tastes damn good. I'm also a huge fan of being asked at the end of the meal, "Would you like some coffee to go?" Hell yes, I would, thanks for asking. Nice job, Blue's Egg.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,4/22/2013,146,306,8,13,11>Your new neighborhood diner!!!Do not confuse this place with the pre-February 2013 train wreck that was the "Old" North Ave Grill. Everything is new: The menu, the owner, the cooks, the coffee, the entire kitchen - even the toaster. Everything except the name. I've been there seven times in the past two weeks and every meal has been great. Great food, great service. I had an opportunity to talk to Mike the owner tonight and I really like what I heard. He has the right diner philosophy: Keep it simple, make it good,  make it fast, and keep it consistent. He isn't trying to reinvent the wheel here. Give your customers the standards and give it to them quick and they'll keep coming back. I know we do! Don't look for a mushroom tempenade on your sandwich or a Chilean Sea bass fish fry; you won't find them here. A great patty melt, or a solid wrap? Hell ya! Maybe a fish fry during Lent? Yep, and you will even get a walleye option! How about hand-cut fries, always made fresh? Why the hell not. Who wants shitty frozen bag fries? Not me. There is one thing he added: Beer. Yay beer! You get locally roasted Valentine coffee during the day and beer after that.Simple.Solid.Fast.Beer.Yay (new) North Avenue Grill!!
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,4/21/2013,181,369,,10,4>So Divino seems to be working out a few kinks.. but that's par for the course when a new place opens.We sat at the bar as there was a short wait for a table.  The place was FULL.  It was great to see!  I felt a part of one big Italian family!Our service was ok at best at the bar.  It seemed there was a lack of communication between bar staff - but besides that - our order came out fast and just as we expected.We ordered the Cipolla Bruschetta - Ricotta cheese, caramelized onions, rosemary... Really quite delicious.  The onions were sweet, the cheese was creamy... it was a great combination.For our main dish we opted on two Mezza plates.  YES.  Divino gives you the option of getting a half order of most all of their pastas!  BRILLIANT.  We both thought that the Mezza option was quite generous itself and was enough to satisfy one person.  I suppose you could opt to share as you would tapas, but it made more sense to order our own individual dishes.  I ordered the Puttanesca.  The flavors were great.  Not too overpowering.  My only complaint is that perhaps there were a bit too much sauce.  I would've liked some bread or something to finish that up but with that said I believe you do get bread with a  full size order of pasta and salad as well.  With the Mezza you do not.  I'm happy to see Divino off to a great start.  I was a huge fan of Libiamo and think that this location is perfect.  It's great to see another Italian restaurant on the East Side.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,4/20/2013,12,92,,5,7>Cute little bookstore with a good selection. Their prices are standard, but I especially like them because they have a whole section dedicated to local books mainly Wauwatosa and an Irish book selection. Nice little gift selection here too, I bought a gurgling pitcher for my wife.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,4/19/2013,13,55,3,10,5>Not your typical 'Stallis restaurant.I've wanted to go here ever since they opened.  It's been a long time coming, but I finally made it.  First, I'd like to say that I'm torn between 4 and 5 stars.  There is a possible upgrade for them in the future, but I'm sticking with 4 for now for a few reasons:1) We ordered Tapas only.  No drinks, and no main dishes.  I'd love to try some more stuff!2) We went at noon on Saturday and were given a dinner menu.  Later, I found out on their website that there is a lunch menu, but only offered on weekdays.  I guess that might not be a huge deal in itself, but we went with our 2 year old for "lunch"... not a dinner experience.  And to me, trying to create a dinner experience (and charge dinner prices for it) in the middle of the day on a Saturday is like putting potpourri in an outhouse - it just doesn't work.We ordered Guacamole, Cuban Style Plantains, Pupusas, and Yolanda Empanadas.The Guacamole:  Some of the best I've ever tasted in a restaurant, and definitely the freshest I recall having in a long time.  It's on the mellow side, allowing the creaminess of the avacado to really control the flavor.  5 stars!The Plantains:  Extremely-balanced flavor, and impressive use of garlic in this dish. Reading the description on the menu does not give this dish justice.  It's just a must-have!  5 stars!Pupusas:  That's just a cool name for a dish.  Why wouldn't you want to eat something called "Pupusas"?  And don't say, "because it starts with pupu."  The flavor is kickin' in these bad boys!  If you like masa harina, this is the dish for you.  It's like a potato pancake made from masa, and stuffed with seasoned pork. 4 stars!Yolanda Empanadas:  Literally, an explosion of flavors inside a light, flakey crust. Everything worked together and stood out on its own.  A very well-crafted dish that left me wanting more.  5 stars!Aside from the food, our server was excellent.  She was friendly and helpful, prompt, brought the little guy some crayons and paper right away, and always had a smile.  The serving sizes and prices were fair, everything tasted very fresh, and the dining room was clean, comfortable, and inviting.I will be back.  Oh yes... I WILL be back!
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,4/18/2013,83,79,2,4,4>Founded by matching grants from the Helen Bader Foundation, the Wisconsin Society for Jewish Learning, and the Andrew Scher Fund, the Stahl Center provides a place to host events and courses related to Jewish Studies. In 2011, the Jewish Studies program at UWM relocated to the Greene Museum Building, after the Baye Foundation, in conjunction with a donation from the family of Nathan and Pearl Berkowitz, named in honor of her parents. The gift which was given was the largest ever given to the UWM College of Letters & Sciences.They essentially saved the building, which is on the National Historic Register, from being razed. The renovation and relocation afforded the program a modern space with historical significance. The courses offered at UWM in Jewish Studies cover a broad range of topics, with particular focuses on modern history, literature, and culture, especially in Europe and North America. They're popular among undergrads and also widely attended  by the 60-plus auditors at UWM, who can attend classes at no charge with instructor permission.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,4/17/2013,126,304,3,6,5>Cheesecorn!  The cheesecorn here is the business.  Also, the lemonaid popcorn was a fun little twist!  I love popcorn. LOVE.  I'm happy to have a locally owned and fabulous popcorn shop in my neighborhood.  For Christmas, my family all got gift baskets of popcorn from here and raved about them!
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,4/16/2013,56,86,2,5,4>Hardware store galore! Your Paw-Paw would be proud of you for shopping here, cause it's where he'd shop.I had locked my keys in my car not too long ago, & realized I was within walking distance to National Ace Hardware. Instead of panicking & calling a locksmith, I calmly walked to Ace to see if I could find something to get it open myself. (I'm a DIY type of lady.)When I entered, there were lots of friendly sales staff milling around with customers, but they all said hello to me. I didn't know ~exactly~ what I was looking for to get my door open, I just knew I'd find something that would do the trick. As I walked around, I realized they had EVERYTHING. Looking at their selection, I even found myself thinking about projects at home I could be doing instead of looking for something to open my car door MacGuyver-style. I eventually found what I needed (plus some stuff that was on sale for less urgent needs) with the help of one of the sales staff members who was funny & polite. I don't remember his name but I should go back & ask, because the owners of Ace should know they've got some quality people working there.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,9/14/2012,23,117,3,11,6>Wowza! I walked into Cermak yesterday after a visit to Target. At first, I thought we'd just look around, maybe buy a snack, and head home, but after walking through the produce department, I had to go back and get a cart - I have a new favorite grocery store! First of all, the produce section is immense. I was amazed by all the produce I'd never seen in real life (aloe leaves, grey squash, peppers I can't pronounce), and though the department was missing a few items I needed (heirloom tomatoes and shallots), I noticed signs for these items so I assume there was some difficulty getting them before the store opened. No big deal. The rest of the store was so exciting because there were so many food items I'd never seen before. I saw labels in languages I didn't recognize and while there seemed to be more Mexican ingredients than any other cuisine, there was certainly a variety. And the best part? The prices! I mean really. I bought 3 bags of groceries for $24! Really yummy guacamole for $2.99, Fancy Parmesan cheese imported from Italy for $2.99, and all the produce was around $.50 less per pound than other grocery stores... whoa. If you like to cook and save money, you need to visit this market ASAP. You'll love it! Also, a nod to the employees - the cashiers had to memorize codes for over 250 items (I asked when she didn't look anything up), and my cashier rocked it. She checked with me on any produce that she wasn't sure about, but she was right every time. It took a bit longer, but this had to be one of her first days working. She was positive and cheerful and not overwhelmed at all, so it was a very pleasant experience.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2012,9/13/2012,79,138,4,5,5>Being an employee here, I've gotten the chance to go up in the viewing area above the clock a few times for events. It's an awesome view of the city from up there. I just wish they'd open it up to the public every once in awhile so others could see it. Also, it's not broken right now, it's being cleaned for the big anniversary coming up. It does suck though because it always catches me when I'm driving in to work or when I'm in the company fitness center, which faces the clock.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2012,9/12/2012,117,150,9,6,8>A tale of summer drinking does ensue.Of beers and booze and whacky river suds;The sun, the heat, the merry pranksters, true,I give thee hence my view o' Barnacle Bud's!The day began upon the jaunty boat,Where Yelpers near and far amassed in dress.We docked, but I had yet to quench my throat.The river front I chose to make recess.But rest found not my mind or briny blood,For beers and sun doth take their mighty toll.I drank my weight of ale as from a flood,And therein lost all sense of self control.So heed my tale of tasty summer treats,But careful, now, to stay upon one's feets!
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,9/11/2012,94,294,3,3,3>Il Mito is to die for! I went yesterday with a party of six. I easily made reservations on open table and was able to request gluten free.Upon arrival, we were greeted immediately by the host and Chef Fekker. We were seated immediately. Our drink orders were taken as soon as the specials were shared. The cucumber cosmo was soooo good, I had to have two. The service remained attentive, yet not overbearing throghout the entire meal. The dining room was also cozy and quiet. We were able to converse without yelling. I was the only one who ordered soup as an appetizer, everyone else had salad. The salad was mixed greens with the most delicious vinegarette. They made me the tomato soup special instead of the roasted red pepper soup I ordered. I would have taken it. But the other server caught it just as it came out of the kitchen and fixed the order. I was impressed. They brought me a plate of mini gluten free rolls while I waited. Wow, they were so good it didnt even taste gluten free. The meals were so delicious I dont even know where to start. The special was a fettucini with slamon, scallops and peas. They offered to make it gluten free for me if I was imterested. I chose the fettucini and shrimp with wine reduction sauce. The noodles were tasty and perfectly cooked. The shrimp were tender and tasty. The sauce was seasoned so perfectly it didnt need any salt or pepper. The portion sizes were healthy and appropriate, not mega sized. I still was not able to eat the soup or entree by myself, but I did have room for dessert. They gave me a free dessert because I had to wait for my soup. Very unexpected but appreciated. I had the crem brulee. That was the first time I have ever eaten an entire dessert by myself. So creamy and rich. Everyone else thoroughly enjoyed their tiramisu, chocolate cake and glazed pears. The meal was pretty much perfect. I was impressed with their gluten free/food allergy knowledge and accommodations. I felt safe eating there. I did not feel like I was a burden or being singled out for my celiac. I had a huge smile on my face the entire visit due to the menu, excellent service and heavenly food. I will be sure to go back more often now.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,9/10/2012,49,72,,7,9>I haven't been here in quite a while, but I wanted to give them a shout out and say what I know about them. I cannot do them justice since they have many programs here to help members of our community that I haven't worked with.I have volunteered here a few times when I was a student through UW-Milwaukee. I helped bag groceries to be handed out to members of the community who needed help. They work very hard to create a balanced bag nutritionally each time such as protein, breakfast items, meat/ eggs, fruits/ veg, dessert (if they have any), soup, pasta/ rice, and a few other types of items I'm forgetting. When they have fresh fruits and vegetables they place them out for people to pick from. They also let people pick out bread items. The number of bags people receive depends on family size. They also have baby food items for those who need them. I also organized personal cleaning supplies (keep the good stuff, throw out the bad/ expired, put out the smaller stuff for people to pick out for free when they came to pick up food, etc). I thought this was really nice of them to have available, many people looked through the baskets once I started filling them.The staff is very kind to those who come in needing assistance and try to help. The area I worked in was basic but clean. They treat the community members that need help with respect (I've seen orgs where they don't treat people very well, this is not one of those orgs!).Great place to help the local community and for people to receive assistance. I've only scratched the surface as to what this nonprofit does for the community, check out their website. Time/ money/ personal donations brought here are not wasted!
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,9/9/2012,20,128,2,5,5>It's exactly what I wanted it to be.Have you ever had that? In your head you have decided how the food should taste before going? I did that. The Shah delivers.As noted it can be tricky to find. It is located across the street from Watt's Tea room on Jefferson in an unlabeled building. Take note of the address. Go through both set's of doors and you'll see and hear the pile of people happily chatting and eating away.The parking is downtown Milwaukee so you are on the street which can be hit or miss.This is an interesting experience because I was going to be pushing it on time. I got there in a reasonable time stopping by Classy Girl Cupcakes for a treat for later. You'll immediately notice something... the long line of people is for the Shah. There is another restaurant down there (No.1 Chinese) but it was dead. Everyone is here for the Shah.Peak hours are busy and you will be waiting in line. Have your cash ready and perhaps read over the menu to have an idea of what you want. Get it to go or eat here. It's $7. You get a big pile of rice and the choice of two other tasty food stuffs. I had the Chicken Masala and Daal Massor I think... and Roti (bread substance)Was it the Chana or Daal Massor? Seriously, I absentmindedly pointed at something and blurted out some syllables that may or may not have been words. This makes me the worst reviewer. What ever it was .... it was spicy. Serious sniffle action occurring throughout meal. That is exactly what i wanted. I needed spice! The chicken Masala was nice and tender as expected and had a nice flavor. The rice was good for sopping up some juices but that is also what I used the Roti for. When it comes down to it the Shah is awesome. The amount of food for the price was good. The customer service from the young man serving the food and the lady at the register was good. They were friendly and helpful. Especially considering the busyness!Would I go back? Yup. Will I? Yup. The only thing I need to figure out is transit times. I walked and that pushes the envelope on lunch times. Oh well.... something to think about for the future. This my friends is a tasty treat. If you haven't been here... just go!The fifth star is earned because it met expectations and is the best of Pakistani cuisine I have had. Not that there is tons of competition but that is how my review scale works.1 minor complaint. The hours are 11-2 Monday through Friday. This will make it difficult and or impossible or some people to get down here and try it. Maybe a Saturday option would be good but hey... I'm not the Shah. If you ever get a day off consider making a downtown day out of it and put the Shah as your lunch stop. You won't regret it!
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,9/8/2012,54,340,2,9,8>I love the Humane Society, how can you possibly say anything bad about a place that dedicates their days and nights helping animals in need.  Recently took in a couple of baby robins that were not old enough to fly but mom was not coming back to help them.  I had kept an eye on them for a couple of days, making sure they were safe but couldn't give them the care they needed.  Unfortunately we found one dead and another one was starting to look really bad so we caught the other one and rushed them down to the Humane Society to get them the help they needed.  One of the two did not make it and it just breaks my heart.  Woulda, shoulda coulda - if only I would have acted sooner.  At least I tried is all I keep telling myself.  Received word from them today that the other one is doing just fine and in with other orphaned robins.  I gave a donation when I was there but it's just never enough for all the work they do.Support the Wisconsin Human Society and please donate whatever you can to help out.  They have a wish list online too so if you are not able to donate money you can collect simple things like paper towel rolls for them, old blankets, office supplies - anything to help them out to help all those animals in need.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,9/7/2012,53,78,7,10,8>If it's possible to be "wowed" by a hot dog joint this is the one to wow you! Stopped in here for lunch today and I have so many good things to say about my experience. Everyone waiting on us was super friendly. The environment is very casual and the music was awesome (seriously-the music made me happy). Everything was noticeably clean too, which is always a plus. I ordered a Chicago style hot dog (and I'm from Chicago so I don't take that moniker lightly) and it was right on! Hubs had the italian beef and he was very very pleased (warning: it's huge). IMPORTANT: I had the cheese fries. I love me some cheese fries, no, like seriously, LOVE them. The fries themselves are pretty good-kinda a rustic type of fry with a little bit of peel on them--but the CHEESE SAUCE was KILLER! It's not like that typical cheese sauce that looks really synthetic. Their cheese sauce was clearly freshly made from sharp cheddar cheese so it has a nice bite to it. I could have drunk the stuff it was so good! As far as I'm concerned this place is the best of both worlds--all the deliciousness of authentic Chicago style food combined with respect for it's WI location! Definitely check them out. Bonus: They offer vegetarian options so don't let being a vegetarian stop you from eating here (especially since you can also have the cheese sauce!). I am not a vegetarian but I am pretty passionate about meat that has not been treated with hormones and has been respectfully raised. Dr. Dawg gets their meat from this place which REALLY impressed me: nimanranch.com/Index.aspx  Way more than I would expect from a "hot dog" place--if you know what I mean. They also offer a free beer on Wed. evening with the purchase of a  sandwich and fries. The beer is Dawg Bite Brew.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,9/6/2012,280,856,9,8,8>I'm not a fan of Alterra's coffees. I respect the locally grown business and the people who do love Alterra but their roasts aren't for my me. They seem burnt, oily and woody no matter the bean or roast. (Coffee snob credentials: I always have Anodyne and Intelligentsia beans at home. I've had coffee at most of Portland's roasters. My dream Christmas gift is a vacuum pot.)SO WHY AM I DOLING OUT FOUR STARS? Because the baked goods and location are great! On the weekends my wife sleeps in and I bike to this Alterra for coffee (it's not fave but it's still caffeine). I sit on their patio and watch Tosa wake up. It's my "get centered" time. I do get here early because it fills up with strollers and North Face jackets after 9AM.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,9/5/2012,14,75,2,2,2>Imagine Jazz in the park, but with a diverse group of bands and a bigger crowd sitting in a huge bowl enjoying good music. This is what you get with the relatively new "Chill on the Hill". I went there for the first time yesterday, and was thoroughly impressed by the music selection and how big the event was. I would estimate at least 1000 people were in the park listening to the band..This event is definitely more family friendly, in that there is relatively no "big crowds" near the concession stands or really any standing around. Everyone is sitting and enjoying the music while most people BYOB. Very few vendors selling any type of alcohol. Almost encouraged to bring your own booze. I highly recommend this for Tuesday nights. This is really the best thing to do on Tuesdays. And of course its FREE!
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,7/25/2012,97,180,3,3,3>Koz's = classic Milwaukee.The truth is Koz's appearance is pretty sketch. It's not the type of place I would typically visit. But there are things about it that I love. The cheap beer, the fabulous jukebox selections, the stuffed lion (ask the bartender to tell you the story behind it), and of course, the mini bowling.Why is the mini bowling so awesome? It's old school, it's different, it's amusing, it's fun. You can totally kick bowling's butt. In regular bowling I'm happy to bowl a 100. Last time I was here my high score was a 212. Yeah!Nothing's electronic here. Another fabulous part of the experience are the human pin-setters. Also, you'll have to know how to do some hand-scoring, but if you make a few mistakes, oh well, it's all in good fun. Definitely make a reservation so you make sure you get to bowl.Great place. Come with an open mind. Drink lots of beer and kick some mini bowling butt.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,7/24/2012,51,224,2,7,4>A really nice dining experience.  The rooms are tastefully restored, with the original pressed metal ceiling in the front (bar) room, a little lounge at the back of the bar room, then a big back room.  The back room is a former bowling alley, the area facing 2nd Street being dining room, the back being an open kitchen with a dining bar facing the kitchen.  The tables are made from maple from the former bowling lanes!    There are both private tables, as well as "community" tables.  When they take your reservation, they ask which you prefer.  When we arrived, they gave us a tour and let us choose our table.   Sweet.The service was prompt, caring, considerate.  See the last paragraph.The food was healthy, delicious, nice portion sizes.  Lots of healthy vegan and vegetarian choices on the menu.  The "winter greens salad" centered around winter spinach- fresh, sweet, crisp, really hard to find in any store, usually only at winter farmers markets.  The spinach was covered with a sorghum hazelnut vinaigrette, with squash and pickled apple.  We moved on to a caramelized onion and potato tart, delicious, modest portion, perfect prelude to the main entrees.   There were two  portion sizes of the kohlrabi curry with lime yogurt, which is great if you graze and sample lots of choices.  The small was more than adequate, nicely balanced, delicious.  I am told the seared trout with fingerling potatoes, winter spinach hash with lemon pepper vinaigrette was "excellent.". Dessert:  Chocolate Pot de Creme with Coffee Ice Cream & Shortbread was like the best chocolate ice cream sauce/ chocolate pudding you could ever imagine accompanied by a small dollop of ice cream.  The crock of lemon curd with ginger cream and shortbread was coated with sea salt!   Weird, we both tasted this, thought this was some new  dessert fad, but not at all to our taste.  We called the waiter over, he blushed and excused himself, returned a few minutes later after talking with the chef, apologetic.   Apparently, someone coated the lemon curd with sea salt rather than sugar!  Everything else was so superb, perfect, including the ANODYNE ESPRESSO WITH LOTS OF CREMA, served with a demitasse spoon, that they still rate five stars.  We will return here in a heartbeat.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,7/23/2012,21,177,,7,6>Confession:  We ate here many months ago but I wanted to save this vintage Milwaukee place for my 100th review.  I hate to say this, but we had never heard of Jackson Grill until we saw a PBS show on Wisconsin supper clubs and it was featured.  We knew we had to try it, and it was one of the best meals we've had in Milwaukee.  My steak was cooked to perfection, and my wife loved the beef wellington.  The service was outstanding, and the atmosphere is very relaxed.  Jackson Grill does not have the most elegant or hip dining room, but it is perfect for what it is.  Just enjoy your trip back to the 1960s, order an old fashioned, and partake in a wonderful meal.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,7/22/2012,155,417,7,9,10>I ADORE this place! The owners are so friendly and make you feel so at home. Part grocery store, part restaurant, you will find so much unique stuff here. The entree portions are gigantic and more than reasonably priced. You will leave stuffed and with leftovers!They get delicious baked goods and cakes from a woman who makes deliveries every Thursday. My husband and I split a delicious slice of cake and all I remember about it was that the owner said it takes 30 eggs to make!You can get a lot of specialty grocery items here and they even have a selection of Hawaiian shirts. I asked one of the owners to be on the lookout for Hawaiian dresses to add to my collection!Definitely check this place out if you want a food adventure!
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2011,7/21/2012,147,207,6,7,7>Go....and go now! AS&S was a weekly occurrence for me growing up in the MKE. I still am tempted to pull into that parking lot every time I drive by it. I refrain because I know it'll be a good hour of my life I can never get back.More often then not I actually find something I need there. More often than often I walk out with something I didn't even know existed.Yes, they have the kitschy stuff....Like Bacon Band-aids and Squirrel Underpants, But they also have tools, gadgets, beakers and flasks, police tape (In 12 varieties), telescopes, fanny packs for $1.50.....You get the picture. I am always amazed by people who have never been in. It's another one of those MKE staples....It's a must visit. ASAP.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2011,7/20/2012,273,26,,3,4>Maxie's is one of our perennial favorites.  As a person who really loves to cook (and who cooks at home most days of the week), I really need a restaurant to deliver something different when I go out.  And so I love places like Maxies that really put an extra little something into their food.I'm not particularly liberal with my five star ratings.  But, if you've even skimmed the other reviews of Maxie's, it will be no surprise to you that I'm giving this the highest of scores... and it's not because everything on Maxie's menu scores out of the park.  It's because they do a few items REALLY, REALLY well.  And their service is always impeccable.Will you wait for a table?  Probably.Is it worth it?  Definitely.Want to guarantee a great visit?  Here's a few tips:Skip the gumbo and order the Crab & Corn Chowder ($4.95 for a cup).  Creamy and delicious, this is the perfect soup for seafood lovers.  Order their White cheddar mac & cheese ($7.50).  It's some of the best I've had.  In fact, it makes the perfect meal when ordered with a side of the Maple braised collard greens ($5.50).  A note on the greens -- they're so delicious you may eat the monstrous portion yourself, but it's also great for sharing.My favorite entree is the shrimp and grits.  Order a full order for $17.95, and be sure to add the additional andouille ($3.95).  The shrimp is perfectly cooked, and the smokiness of the sausage is the perfect complement to the creamy-dreamy grits.Of course, dinner at Maxie's is never complete without a piece of their stellar Key Lime pie, which is almost always on the menu.  Tart, with just the right amount of sweet, the portions on this baby make it completely shareable -- especially since you'll be pretty full after gobbling up all of that awesome food.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2011,7/19/2012,9,105,3,3,4>Hey, it's like Fleet Farm only it's that other one.  These things were big box before the concept really hit.  I grew up going to stores like this and can't say that I've ever had a bad experience at one of these places.  This particular store in Oak Creek has friendly and helpful staff that do seem to know where stuff is located.  The store is reasonably clean too.  Auto, Farm, Hardware, Clothing, Home Goods, they have it.  I'm sorry that the first poster had a bad experience trying to buy tires.  Not really sure how that works, as I've never gotten service there.  I don't think her experience is the typical one at this location.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,7/18/2012,64,215,2,4,4>Giant pretzels.Cheese curds, topped with cheese.Brats on pretzel buns.1-L boots of Spotted Cow.I will be back, for sure.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,7/17/2012,91,365,2,3,3>Definitely old school. Circular counter with 60's green countertop  a few small tables outside the counter, but this is a spot designed for sitting at the counter. I had the corned beef hash with eggs over medium. The hash was excellent! The eggs were overdone despite my explaining to the waitress that I wanted the yellows runny, but I will know better next time to order them over easy. That is always a guessing game with eggs to order them correctly. The hash and eggs came with a side of spicy sauerkraut that was delicious. I also ordered a side of fresh fruit. Yum! Grapes, raspberries, strawberries, and cantaloupe and all were fresh and juicy. This now ranks as my best breakfast spot in not just Milwaukee, but the world! (At least the world I have visited).
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,7/16/2012,124,96,5,5,7>I love this place. It's frenchtastic. I know I threw a made up word in there. It's just sooooooooo dang yummy...  I've had a bunch of different entrees, apps, and desserts here. All amazing. Never disappointed,  ever. I've been to France multiple times, this place is one of the only places to nail a similar Parisian cafe vibe with the food to match. C'est si Bon!!
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,4/15/2013,46,82,,6,3>After finding a small puddle of water around our drain in the basement we first freaked out a little bit (it's natural for a first time homeowner... right?) and then started scouring the internet for our solution. Handy lil' yelp did its part to lead me to GreenLeaf Drain Cleaning. We called them mid-afternoon and Kevin was over when we got home from work. Kevin explained the process of the drain cleaning and what to expect. He was thorough, clean, professional and (most importantly) trustworthy.I would definitely recommend Kevin and GreenLeaf Drain Cleaning again. Call him up and support small business!
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,4/14/2013,268,248,2,5,3>Cute little indoor market/vendor venue. I wouldn't necessarily call it a 'farmers market.' It's smaller inside than it looks outside. They have several specialty shops as well as several food vendors/restaurants. Some of them good...some of them...look like they belong to a food court at the mall.Places to shop/dine at...The spice storethe cheese shop (yummy cheese curds)the wine place (good selection of wines...and they have a wine bar where you can have the cheese you can get next door)the seafood restaurant (St. Paul).Didn't really get to try the other stuff but that's because they didn't look great or I was too full.Great place to come for lunch (or dinner) and shop on a weekend or if you have some friends in town.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,4/13/2013,141,343,3,3,4>I love the rabbi! And any friends who have ever bought flowers from him for me :-)~  I have seen him all over as well,(and often mistakenly call him "the bishop".)See pics.  He always has interesting flowers, reasonably priced and they usually last for weeks.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2012,4/12/2013,54,340,,7,3>How great it is to have a neighborhood Mexican joint!  Located on 84th & Morgan, Cinco De Mayo has taken over for another Mexican restaurant that is no longer there.  I am happy they made the change because I did not care for the prior.Visited for the first time recently and I was happy to see that the integrity of the building has not changed much through the years.  Nice, cozy, corner spot with a menu full of choices.  Reasonable prices, friendly staff and an inviting atmosphere.   Portion sizes are good, goof value for the money and the place looked pretty clean from what I could see.  I was very pleased with the selections of food and drink.I ordered a quesadilla and it was delicious.  My friend had fajitas and there was a good amount and leftovers for her to take home.  Margaritas were delicious.  Will be returning and bringing friends.  I recommend you check it out.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,4/11/2013,85,224,2,4,2>This is the newest of the Penzeys stores. It's located in historic downtown Cedarburg (the entire downtown is on the National Registry of Historic Places.) Penzeys is located in what was a furniture store, in fact, it was an undertaker's shop with furniture as a sideline when the business was founded. The building has a lot of character, including beautiful maple floors and open ironwork. The freight elevator, inoperable, is used for display. Being a former furniture store, there is a large display window that doesn't lend itself very well for packages of 2 or 4 ounces, but the company name is tastefully emblazoned on the glass. Being a spice store, your nose goes into olfactory glee when you enter. Spices are attractively displayed, each spice is packaged in several sizes but each spice is also displayed in an apothecary jar, with an explanation of the spice. You can open each apothecary jar an inhale the delightful aroma.If you are a serious foodie, this is a necessary supplier of the freshest spices to turn mundane meals into culinary delights.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,4/10/2013,64,138,5,8,8>Love this grocery store. It's all part of the unabashedly yuppy lifestyle I enjoy in Tosa. Seriously! I just love having a place right in the neighborhood with such an extensive wine selection, awesome deli and HANDS DOWN the best guac in town. I regularly make excuses to pop in here just so I can get more guac. Yes, it's a little tight in the aisles sometimes, but that's what the cute little carts are for. They have great selections packed in the somewhat limited space. Including pretzel buns. Pretzel. Buns. People. The bakery has all kinds of goodies - fun to pop in and get something special for a good dinner. And speaking of a good meal, you can pick one up real quick at the deli. Twice-baked potatoes and great pasta salads, all ready to roll. They have a nice frozen food section - big ups to whomever buys the ice cream. NICE selection. And solid produce as well. Great little floral area with fun home goods and gifts. They even have decent cards. Fun bonuses: - THE AMAZING RED BAGS. I could write sonnets about these things. They are just fantastic. I can't help myself from sounding fairly indignant when they ask paper or plastic. "Paper?! Who would get paper here?!! Red, thick, beautiful plastic all the way baby" I've been known to crow at a sweet young bagger. - free coffee! I rarely take advantage of it because I'm eager to get to shopping and need both hands to grab all the things, but still, I always think "That is so nice." I do sometimes worry I'll be struck in the parking lot during peak hours, as it's a hot mess of people coming and going, but it's all part of the experience I suppose. Sendiks, I heart thee.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,4/9/2013,26,85,2,5,4>How did it take me so long to discover this tiki paradise?! The drinks are fun, fiery, and fantastic. Came here on weeknight and was able to take advantage of the uniquely cozy seating areas, which are non-existant on busy nights. Great place to drink away the winter blues.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,4/8/2013,44,153,2,4,3>When I think about Kopp's, this is the location that comes to mind. Growing up on the south side/near suburban area of Milwaukee, this was our location we went to. The outdoor eating area is fantastic, and I have always loved the little waterfalls.The food is awesome. Of course. It is freaking Kopp's! Their burgers must be made out of love, because they are so deliciously amazing. How does one make such a great burger?
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,4/7/2013,41,166,3,3,4>Once a year I bring my brother here and don't bring any cash (as he is one of those guys that carries a rubber-banded wad at all times in case the nations electronic money transfer system goes down).  I just successfully completed year three last weekend (I get him back at other bars people!).Great bartender conversation & recommendations.  Decent liquor & local draught/draft selection.  Excellent cocktail preparation (enough "tion"'s in there for you people?!?).For some reason I just get a kick out of walking a house lined street and then stepping into a bar that very well could be one of those houses.  Neighbor-hoody without the local clientele stigma (that just gave me the idea to make a hooded sweatshirt with the word "neighbor" on the front of it, copyright race!!!).Warning, I am also a person that doesn't have a problem leaving my Christmas tree and lights up all year round (even though I don't).  Warm glowing lights in a dim room comfort me.A bar that I never feel "uhh, not Jamo's tonight".  I always feel like stopping in for a mixer or 6.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,4/6/2013,42,146,5,6,6>No one has reviewed Klements yet?!?!?!? I love this place!  MEAT, MEAT, MEAT, I seriously have meat sweats thinking about it.  What kind of meat are you looking for? Brats, yup. Sausages, yeep. Hamburgers, yep.  Head cheese, yeeep.  Beef sticks, yuppppers.  Ring bologna, oh yeah.  hot dogs, the same ones they serve at Miller Park, haaaaayeah. Seriously, they have all of those meats.  And more.  But guess what? They are all super cheap, because it is their factory store.  Like, literally, you jump over pig heads and limbs to get there. Kidding, but maybe not :)  If you are having a cookout, go here and stock up.  Five pound bags of brats and hot dogs for like five bucks!  Great deals, supporting your local meatery, and quality for it being minced up animals!!
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2011,3/3/2012,30,56,,3,3>One of my absolute favorite restaurants this side of The Forbidden City!Whether it's the Sweet and Sour Chicken (which thankfully doesn't come with the same neon red sauce that less stellar Chinese restaurants serve) or the Garlic Chicken, you won't be disappointed with the taste or portion sizes.I usually start my meal with their fabulous (and I don't use the f-word lightly!) Crab Rangoon and some delicious hot tea.I then proceed with one of the two aforementioned dishes, spooning out ample portions over the white rice.If there is any room, dessert is the excellent fried bananas.And in case you're wondering, it's only 4 stars because the wait staff is often less than engaging. Letting the food speak for itself is one thing, smiling once in awhile is another.Despite what other Chinese restaurants say, this IS the #1 Chinese restaurant!
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2011,3/2/2012,104,296,3,5,3>I was tempted to give a full 5 stars on this one, but stopped short because of the dessert.  I'll get to that later.  Let me say that it was well-deserving of its 4 stars though.  The visit was due to an early birthday celebration, and I was happy to enjoy the fete in France.  Pastiche makes you feel like you're sitting in a farmhouse--an upscale one--in the French countryside, gathered in la salle a manger with your family and friends.  In other words, it's perfectly intimate and warm.  Every meal among our diners was piping hot and full of rich flavor.  Ma grandmere was in the kitchen making my ratatouille.  I do not think I have ever had a meal at ANY restaurant where the temperature was as if they had just taken it off the stove or the oven.  This was a first, and a very happy one.  The cassoulet received top honors from my fellow diner, as did the pork mignons.  The pork tenderloin was "moist," and the diner "never had pork that good before."  The Michel Gassier Cercius Cotes du Rhone was unbelievable! It complimented our meals and was like liquid dessert.  Our server had precise timing when it came to refilling our glasses.  She was even more so with the timing on bringing the dishes to the table.  Even with all of the hustle and bustle, the masses were happily chanting the praises of Pastiche in between bites.  They did not skip a beat, even with it being a busy night.  The brakes came on, or tapped rather, when the profiteroles came out.  That was my choice for the birthday treat and fin to the evening.  The French are known for being genius pastry chefs and, in my book, are the founders of the pastry.  The pastries at Pastiche have come up short twice now.  My fellow diner was recalling a profiteroles that he ate while sitting at a cafe in Paris.  He stated that the chocolate sauce was so good, he wanted to "rub it all over his face."  The chocolate sauce quality and taste were lacking here, and the puff pastry was had the consistency of cardboard with a little ice cream in between.  My one and only recommendation to Pastiche is to hire a fantastic pastry chef, and they will receive that last and final star that will indicate perfection.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2011,3/1/2012,73,141,6,5,5>Yelp, this place is great.We ordered the special Peruvian drinks to start off with, which were white and foamy and fun!  Then the seafood ceviche.  Good lord this was HUGE and great!  They bring you corn nuts that the server suggested we mix in with the ceviche (that's how they do it, she said) and it was great.  I would stop in for the ceviche itself.then i got the Peruvian paella.  O M G.  amazingly good.  The service rocked.  She was so sweet and was so excited that we were enjoying our food.  But let me tell you this:  Onions.  Every onion I ate during the meal I commented on how much I loved it.  For real.  In the ceviche...the onions were so good.  And the onion on the breaded fish entree that my friend got...i couldn't stop eating.  Seriously...something about how they prepared all the onions was great. As you can see, I still haven't stopped talking about the onions!So I'm excited to go back.  The waitress told me what she wanted me to try next time, and she promised i would love it.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2011,2/29/2012,117,150,7,11,6>Oh my god, you guys. It's a grilled cheese restaurant.DID YOU HEAR ME???This place is brand-spankin' new. We all know how brand new places are when they first open: there's a lot of tweaking yet to be done. But, the concept is solid, so I have great hopes for this place.FOOD: So basically, there are three categories of grilled cheesesesesss available: basic 'wiches, sightly fancier noms, and then the uppity variety. YOU CAN'T GO WRONG. I got The Pilgrim, which is in the middle category. Super tasty! The prices range from about $7-$10. You get a choice of side, or a side of soup for an extra $1. I got the soup...BEER CHEESE. They also have salads available, vegetarian options, and a craft beer selection (bottles).AMBIANCE: Needs work. So very, very bright. I felt like I was in a display case. Nothing on the walls yet...that's how new this place is. Thankfully, these are the kinds of changes that can be easily made. More so than if your menu was the problem.STAFF: Super nice and eager to serve. Obviously, it is not busy there yet, so there were a lot of them just standing around waiting for something to do. The manager came to our table to ask how everything was, so that shows you that they want to make the place the best it can be.To recap: Grilled Cheese. Restaurant. Need I say more?
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,2/28/2012,18,6,11,15,11>I received a postcard advertisement in the mail for this new, "All You Can Eat Buffet" Asian food restaurant yesterday. Well, well, well...  What do you know?  I found a reason to try it the very next day! Thanks in part to my girlfriend Melissa for treating me out for an early Father's Day Lunch!Let me just start by saying that our only regret is that we didn't know they were in business sooner. They have a great variety of dishes (100!) that are all prepared extremely well. Sushi, made-to-order hibachi, lots of the general staple entrees seen at other buffets, and some I've only seen occasionally (Coconut Shrimp? tastes like marshmallows and buttah!!!). My favorite dish, General Tso's Chicken was not gummy or too "ketchupy".  It still retains that crunchy snap of coating underneath it's sweet, tangy and mildly spicy sauce.  Another recommendation is the Salt and Pepper Chicken; Savory and garlicky stir fried chicken with salt and zesty white pepper. Lots of hits and no misses either, TAS-TY! This was only lunch!The service was exceptional as far as keeping the buffet neatly stocked with hot, fresh food and they're almost too attentive at clearing the empty plates, but I'm not mad...  The eagerness to please and their "Johnny on the Spot" hustle is both charming and refreshing to witness and is sadly rarely seen nowadays.There was no way that we could have possibly tried everything, but the ones we sampled were exquisitely delicious and we have no doubt in our minds that the ones we missed this time around were certainly well above average judging by appearance, and from the vocal ravings and recommendations of the other diners around me while browsing the buffet line.  I thoroughly reassure you, (YES!)  We will return again soon to try more next time.Stick a fork in me, I'm done...
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,2/27/2012,5,117,,2,3>This used to be the Carleton Grange... The decor hasn't changed much, but it didn't have to - it was the food that needed improvement and improve they did. The menu is pretty traditional pub fare, but it's well executed. There was 7 of us who ate there tonight, and not a bad dish in the group. Their appetizers seem to be where they get creative - I only had the corn dogs (made with sausage), but am eager to go back and try the rest. Finally, there was an interesting selection of beer - good stuff that you aren't going to find many other places.It officially opens May 21 but you can visit them now.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2011,2/26/2012,41,168,2,4,2>If only I could give this place "10 stars" with the 5 from my first review plus the five from my update.Le Bistro added a lunch buffet... for around $6 you get all you can eat chicken/beef (maybe seafood - I didn't pay attention since I'm not a seafood fan), plus soup and cream cheese wontons. The food is exactly what you'd get out of the kitchen and the staff continuously keeps the buffet clean and replenished with fresh food. I was in New York City recently and ventured out to a number of Chinese restaurants. Yet again, nothing compares to Le Bistro Shanghai.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,2/25/2012,71,160,,3,4>I went back the other night...omg still just as good! I love that their staff is super friendly, we chatted with one of the employees pretty much the whole time between making our orders to finishing our phillys. I tried the cajun fries for the first time, fries with a special seasoning with a side of cheese whiz. Pretty good, but I think I'll stick with the chili cheese fries, a bit more flavor and more cheese whiz (can you tell, I'm a fan of the whiz?). Conclusion, I love this place! My only negative is that they aren't open late enough.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2011,2/24/2012,73,356,3,3,3>Hmm, I think my initial review got lost in the ether.  Anyways, I wanted to make sure this place gets the praise it deserves. The morning bun is a precarious, delicate thing.  A perfect morning bun is at once crispy, sweet, juicy and a bit savory.  A bad morning bun is tantamount to a bad cup of coffee; it can ruin your day.  C. Adams has one of the best morning buns on the planet.  I'm not joking, 10 seconds in the microwave and these things are like heaven in pastry form.  For me, the morning bun is the barometer that measures a bakery's success.  Luckily, C. Adams is great in most everything they do, including some spectacular chocolate cupcakes and carrot cakes.  Stop in, there are always samples!
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,2/23/2012,140,249,,4,2>I took my vegetarian grandma to Beans&Barley for lunch, and it was a  hit! She had never been to a café/restaurant with such a wide variety of vegetarian dishes. The walnut burger she had was just incredible; I am looking forward to going back to B&B for one of these delicious creations in the near future. I had the sweet potato and black bean burrito which was also delicious. For those of you looking for meat, I highly recommend the chicken burrito.In addition to the delicious food, we really enjoyed the casual atmosphere. Prices are very reasonable as well, almost all dishes are around $6.50-$8. I can't wait to return!
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,8/22/2014,155,81,1,9,8>I organized a Yelp event featuring brunch on the Lower East Side, and the first stop to eat was right here.  With good reason.  Buckley's is delicious, inventive cuisine.  Let's start with drinks.  If you are a bloody mary aficionado you have to try the Bacon Bloody Mary, made with Buckley's house-infused bacon vodka.  It was the winner of the East Town Association's Chili and Bloody Mary challenge in 2012 for good reason.  The homemade mix is to die for and stands deliciously on its own sans alcohol.  And there's a bacon swizzle stick!  Also tempting are the habanero bloody and half and half - a combination of both.On our Yelp tour, the diners at my table ordered and shared the Mile High Quiche with bacon, leeks and cheese, a special steak and mushroon omelette with a sriracha hollandaise sauce (incredible), the guinness french toast, bagels and lox, and the duck confit on polenta.  All were wonderful and worth coming back for. What set Buckley's apart is the charming intimacy of its small space, and the attentive service of its dedicated staff.  Our waiter was amazing.  Also, I've watched bartender Wolfgang work and he is not only making drinks, he's running the front of the house.  Exceptional!
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,8/21/2014,61,275,1,9,5>It's true that the croissants are out of this world.  And when I had a friend in town for a week he insisted on going every single day for a hazelnut beignet.  But today I finally had lunch there and I kind of think lunch is even better than breakfast. I had a niçoise salad and it was heavenly.  Usually when I order a salad I have to ask them to go easy on the dressing since most places assume more dressing = better (a policy I heartily oppose).  I forgot to give them that instruction when I ordered but they had it perfectly dressed.  That  the salad had just one half of a cherry tomato (seriously) was not enough to keep me from swooning.  It was still the best salad I've had in a long time.  The green beans were perfectly blanched but still crunchy, the hard boiled egg just ever so slightly soft in the middle, the potatoes creamy and not at all mushy.  It was divine.  And surprisingly filling.  I imagine if you got it with the salmon you might not even be able to finish it, but you would find a way b/c it is so good.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2014,8/20/2014,91,365,2,7,5>This was the first time I've actually ever hung out at Bradford Beach for a couple of hours. The AVP volleyball tournament was going on and it seemed like a great way to spend a couple of hours on a gorgeous summer day. I rode my bike here. If you drive, I have no idea how you would ever find a parking spot unless you arrived about 5:00 in the morning. The volleyball tournament was free, but you could purchase shaded seating and enjoy free water, free snacks, and cheap drinks for $20. I felt like it was worth it. I had a great time, watched some truly awesome volleyball, and plan to return! I need to go hang out at one of the tiki bars some afternoon and people watch and just enjoy the lake.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,8/19/2014,19,33,10,4,7>My intent was to buy an assortment of doughnuts to take home to share with my husband.  What had happened was.... I ate half of each doughnut in the car before I even pulled out of my parking spot in front of Holey Moley.  Perhaps I can convince him that doughnut halves are sold for half price.  On the other hand, I may just eat the rest before I make it home.For my virgin visit I sampled a cinnamon powdered sugar, lemon old fashioned, regular vanilla cake, "gluten friendly" vanilla cake and vegan blood orange.  The cinnamon powdered sugar is flavorful without being overpowering and didn't leave my shirt powdered with evidence of my indiscretion.  The lemon flavor was particularly vibrant - maybe too intense for some but safe in small bites.  The blood orange was the most unique flavor and possibly my favorite - sweet and subtle.  I'm happy my vegan friends have an option here.  I was impressed by how fresh they all tasted considering I didn't make it to the shop until 2 in the afternoon!  I recommend getting there early for the best selection.  Popular varieties sell out fast.  I'm not an early riser.  But I'll reconsider if it means having my pick of these tasty treats.  Maybe you'll see me on my next visit.  I'll be the one wearing PJs at 6:30am when they open.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,8/18/2014,147,207,3,8,9>Great little addition to Bay View. Go early, the do sell out of stuff. And it's not like they can run in the back and whip up another loaf. Great to have a satellite location in my neck of the woods (Tosa is a trek for us south side girls). Super friendly staff, they didn't even look at me crazy as I made noises straight out of When Harry Met Sally (Meg Ryan style) as I ate my Chocolate Almond Croissant. Probably happens often as they are amazing.  It's a  teeny tiny place, perfect for a solo outing or a casual date. A number of beverages on the menu, great coffee and good service. If you have a sweet tooth, or a carb tooth, or if you're like me and have both kinds of teeth, you'll love it.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,8/17/2014,55,380,8,6,6>Descriptive phrase: THE Angelo's Piano Bar.It's difficult to pick the right words to describe Angelo's. To say this small gem hidden behind that unassuming brick wall off Van Buren and Brady is an institution would be correct, but not sufficient. Get a Thesaurus. I'll wait.It's cash-only, but only because this place is older than plastic. The inside is smaller than I'd imagined, but not cramped: cozy. It gives off the old definition of lounge, before the only prerequisite was over-priced whiskey. Here you'll find caring and knowledgeable bartenders, worthwhile drinks, an engaged and diverse clientele, and some of the most entertaining live music in Milwaukee. When we walked in we were welcomed by beautiful melodies being belt out by a young woman next to a gentleman and a keyboard. After she finished to applause she proceeded to return to her seat. This was an ongoing theme; Angelo's isn't a karaoke bar so much as it's a stage for patrons to show off their talents. Hell, a man took a trumpet off the wall and started playing. People standing up tossed the second verse to others around the bar. It was unadulterated fun, and I can't wait to return.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,8/16/2014,162,248,4,10,6>First time here at the behest of a buddy.  I wanted to go somewhere else for an Italian sub sandwich and I was like, "What the heck?  We;re going to a bakery for lunch?"Glad I came!  Home style Italian staples (Pizza, pasta, eggplant, parmesan choices,etc.) and sandwiches on the menu.  I had an Italian sub sandwich on a toasted Italian/Sesame encrusted roll (Balestreri Bakery)  that was outstanding.  My pal didn't let me have a taste of his meatball sandwich, but he loves that sandwich here and that's why we came!We shared a large antipasto salad before we ate the sandwiches.  The salad and the sandwiches were perfect and definitely homemade with love and care.Our server Joanne was terrific.  You can feel the love she has for the place and for her customers.  I felt like she was my older sister taking REALLY good care of me... and I just met her.  What an incredible lady!I spoke to the owner and chef, who's name is also Joanne.  She's a serious minded owner/baker/cook.  I was too full to have dessert, but she confirmed that she makes her own cannoli shells and fills 'em to order.  I'm definitely saving room for a cannoli on my next visit.Go to Gemma Rae's and  mangiare a sazieta!
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,8/15/2014,100,354,1,8,9>The hype is justified. What a cool place! The ambiance is dark, 50's/60's swank. Would be great for a date or to bring out of town guests. The bar tenders and host are dressed in white shirts, black vests and pants. The music was just right. I wish every bar did this. Just enough for privacy but also low enough that you could talk quietly and hear without having to shout. They don't have a menu, rather, you tell them what kind of drink you like and they will make you something. They have cocktails, hurricanes, and ice cream drinks. I had a chocolate truffle ice cream (thickness of a shake) that was awesome. Companion had a raspberry peach hurricane, which was good, but not compared to the adult milk shake. I love that they make you something based on your tastes. This is what I want out of every bar. The prices turned out to be pretty reasonable, about $9 per drink. I find this comparable to many other places for a cocktail, but at Bryant's you get a bigger portion.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,8/14/2014,34,179,2,5,5>Not just interesting, but useful. Sure, this place has a ton of outrageous miniature kits or little plastic doohickeys, but I've also found lots of seriously useful stuff. Their collection of beakers and cylinders can be useful for both their intended purpose and for cool containers. I've wanted to start a jarrarium with shrimp and stuff out of one of the huge boiling flasks they sometimes have. They've also got lots of corks to fit your new containers. I've found bathtub stoppers, nail clippers, a variety of electronic components, and neodymium magnets that have proved useful as well. A lot of their military surplus has seen better days, but there is stuff from all over the world in there, as well as stuff you would never expect to find. Need a WWII era French road flare? Here's your place.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,8/13/2014,38,18,4,5,3>Ok..... So I have decided since the weather has refused to cooperate I have decided that it will be "Summertime in my belly"!  I have been trapezing(can't believe that is not a real word) around Milwaukee to all the BBQ restaurants and even stopped for some frozen yogurt.  I was shocked to come across a BBQ truck in my own back yard.  Thanks Yelp!!  The owners were super friendly.  So after I got my food and was on my way home I had to pull my car over because the smells coming from the bag were affecting my ability to concentrate.  I tasted a rib(just a nibble), I tried the BACON beans, and the corn slaw.  I then ate everything right ther in my car parked on the side of the road on State St.!!! The one item I did not mention is the Jalapeño Cornbread because it gets it's own paragraph below.  The ribs were perfectly smoked and excellently seasoned with the right amount of heat needed for my faux summertime day.  There be BACON in them there beans.  I mean real BACON not skinny flimsy pieces of faux BACON!  The corn slaw was differently delicious.  Almost like a corn and cabbage relish.So that brings us to the Jalapeño Cornbread with Jack Daniels BUTTER.  Okay so I am a Georgia Girl with the tattoo to prove it.  Cornbread should not have anything in it but corn and bread(??)!  However, sometimes somebody comes along and they break the rules and MAGIC happens!!!! Just like Kevin BACON in Footloose. This cornbread was everything it was supposed to be and more!  It was moist, sweet(cornbread should be sweet), crumbly, hint of spice, and BUTTER spread on top.  If that wasn't enough it comes with Jack Daniels BUTTER(wish they sold that at Woodman's).  The butter had enough of a punch to it that I wouldn't give it to my kids.  In fact I think it is safe to say that it is baby making BUTTER! Sweet & Creamy with a punch.  I wanted to turn the car around, mind you I was not far away, and get another round of everything but double Cornbread.  I do not mean to down play any of the other food. The ribs were delicious and the beans had BACON in them, real BACON.  The cornbread stole the show for me!  The only hmm... for me was that they don't have rib tips on the menu but the cornbread made up for that!!I will be going back again, again, and again!!
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,8/25/2012,50,106,2,6,4>Looking for a lunch alternative?  I highly recommend going to Koppa's.Today's sandwich special (Thursday) was BLT's for $3,00.  If you have a coupon, you can get $1 off or free fries.  Fries are a $1.99.The BLT was on toasted homemade white bread.  Fries are made to order and nice and crisp.Today I spent $6 for 2 BLT's and an order of fries...can't beat it.I can't wait to go back to try their other sandwiches and Fish Fry...some of you know how I love the Fish Fry.Forget Mickey D's, Wendy's, Cousin's, Subway, etc...and make your way to Koppa's
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,8/24/2012,73,141,3,5,6>File this under "how is it that i haven't written a review for this place yet?"I love to bring GLD product with me when i travel to visit friends outside of Milwaukee.  This used to be REALLY cool when they only sold in Milwaukee, but it appears that they are starting to expand their wings so to say, and selling in many locations outside of Milwaukee (which they told me in person they would not do).  but it is still fun to travel anywhere with vodka, lets be honest.The new tasting room is great!  I think tasting will not be the only thing done in that room, i imaging great conversation will take place as well.  Though, i have to admit that at the grand opening event, i eventually made my way down to the "old" tasting area.  there is something very industrial and grainy about being down there, that I much prefer compared to the new tasting room.  It is a bit like the tasting room is more touristy, and the old area is more local and real.  I fear....i really do fear that GLD is in the slow process of becoming less "Milwaukee", less local, and less grassroots distillery.  I fear they are seeing dollar signs...hear what i'm saying?In the end, i don't care.  i love their vodka.  This 5-star rating reflects more of their product, than the tasting room or distillery.  At my local liquor store, they keep the Rehorst behind the counter, because its "the good stuff"
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,8/23/2012,51,147,4,7,6>Ambiance: Okay so it's hipster haven but not to the point where us unfortunate nonhipsters feel like we shouldn't be there. Kitschy decor. Its cozy & we got what was probably one of the best tables in the house tucked in a corner.Beverages:Big list of beers and wines. However, once I flipped over the drink menu to peruse the specialty drinks all other options faded to black as I zeroed in on a drink that I am convinced was created just for me. I am talking about the 5 Alive Cocktail. Indulge me a moment while I back it up to tell you that when I was young, there was a juice cocktail called "5 Alive" they may still make it. I LOVED that crap. The only time I could drink it was at my over-indulgent grandma's house because, really its a crappy sugary beverage. I would drink as much as I could there, never knowing when I'd get my next fix of the juice. I don't think I even let the waitress finish the question"Would you like to order something to drink" before I blurted out "5 Alive" like a Tourette's addled addict. This drink TASTED like 5 Alive. Sugary, fruity, citrusy. It was like Carmen Miranda came & did the Mambo on my tongue. For that alone, I have a DEEP reverence for Honeypie.Food:I ordered the Short Stout sandwich which has beef short ribs, fontina cheese, onion jam, & greens on deliciouso sourdough bread. Served with a side of fries that I swapped out for salad, we'll get to why in a bit. The short ribs were very tender, nice and fatty too. The onion jam was a perfectly sweet compliment to the cheese. The bread had a nice crust & a creamy center & was grilled to perfection. The salad was a mixture of greens, grape tomatoes and cucumbers. Speaking of cucumbers, the sandwiches come with pickle chips. I would wager they pickle their own. BEST DAMN PICKLES ever. They were like a hybrid of dill and bread & butter. Crisp with the slightest hint of cinnamon warmth. These pickles made me a criminal. When the boyfriend wasn't looking, I boldly stole his right off his plate.B.F. ordered the burger on an egg bun that left competitors to shame. Seriously, the chickens who selflessly sacrificed their babies via the eggs used are heroes. The toppings were: American cheese, lettuce, tomato, a fried egg, & like 5 strips of bacon. The fried egg oozed it's yolk over the entire burger baptizing it in it's golden liquid. He swapped his fries out for the Split Pea Soup. The reason we swapped out both of our fries was because as an appetizer, we ordered what might be the most horken, snorken, fatty plate of enlightenment ever imagined. I speak of course, in hushed reverent tones of the Pork Fries.I don't think god rested on Sunday, I think he created Pork Fries and just didn't tell anyone. I am here to tempt you with the knowledge of these. Homemade, hand-cut french fries, topped with a creamy white cheese sauce, tons of bacon, pickled jalepenos (sidebar again I think they pickled them in house) & the divine inspiration.....pulled pork. You eat these with a fork because physics demands it. I would have taken a picture of these to share with you, and then you would see their glory and decided you needed to try these. Instead I leave you with my description and no picture, elevating these to mythical Mount Olympus proportions. Surely any physical evidence of Mt. Olympus would fail to do it justice. That is how I felt about these fries. (or I didn't take the picture because upon the platter hitting the table I immediately began shoveling them into my mouth, you decide the real reason.)Staff: We had an adorable waitress. When I ordered the aforementioned 5 Alive Cocktail (moment of silence) I asked her if it really tasted like 5 Alive. She blinked at me in youthful confusion & said "I don't know, what's 5 Alive"? Ah, youth. She was attentive & sweet. When she brought the desserts to go she said they had mangled the pie & so she wasn't charging us for it because it wasn't up to their standards. That is top drawer service & commitment to product excellence.Bathrooms: I found Honeypies to be first & foremost CLEAN. Secondly, well stocked. Thirdly, nicely decorated. Subway tiles on the bottom half of the walls, gorgeous vintage sink, kitschy wall art. See Picture.OMG! In my Pork Fry Haze I almost forgot to tell you about the desserts! How could I be so remiss? Okay, save room for dessert. Scratch that, don't save room for dessert. Pig out on those pork fries, & order dessert to go. If you get a cupcake, it comes in an enchanting pink cube with a little sticker that says "Eat Me".  The cupcakes are towering infernos of sugary frosting atop a moist cake. I opted for the Pistachio & Rose Water cupcake. It was adorable & delicious. I also ordered a slice of the Orange Cream Pie. It's the pie in the forefront of my picture. The thick rope of buttery flaky crust enrobed a mildly sweet orange filling. That crust was one of the best crusts I've ever eaten.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,8/22/2012,117,277,4,8,5>When I asked my Indian friends and coworkers where to get authentic Indian food in Milwaukee, the answer was unanimous - Maharaja. If you are an Indian food novice like me, my advice is to go during the lunch buffet and try EVERYTHING! Don't be a chicken - nothing is overly spicy, everything is fresh, homemade, and perfectly seasoned. I have to agree with Nishan P.'s conspiracy theory however - the vegetarian dishes were so full of flavor that the meat dishes paled in comparison. I had two helpings of the Manchurian vegetables, and would have gone back for more if I wasn't so curious about the meat offerings. Fortunately, a small helping of everything left plenty of room for dessert. I had balls of fried dough in a sweet sauce and a scoop of both the mango and pistachio ice cream - all stellar. On your way out - don't forget to grab a small spoonful of the concoction at the door - a lovely blend of sweets and spices to freshen your breath - I would have completely missed it had my companions not stopped me!
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,8/21/2012,28,118,7,5,5>I really love La Merenda and it's high time I told you about it.  I went last night with a group of friends - a school night, I will have you know - and as usual had a stellar experience.  In fact, I liked the food so much that I ate and I ate and I ate until I broke the chair I was sitting in.  True story.  It was Monday night, so bottles of wine were half price.  Naturally we had four.  Our waitress, Micaela, pointed out it was really only like two bottles of wine given they were half price - and I noted I would be sure to point that out to the cop when I got pulled over on the way home.  Since there were six of us, and most plates are suited for four, Micaela adjusted our orders every step of the way.  We had a cheese and meat plate, Argentinian Beef, empanadas, quesadillas, braised short ribs with risotto, Argentinian Beef again, shrimp, squash ravioli and Argentian Beef, again per Matt's orders.  In fact, Matt loved the Argentinian Beef so much that we are pretty sure his life will be defined by the moment he first tasted it and noted that tomorrow (now known as today) would be known as "1 A.B" (after beef).  And dessert - oh god, don't make me talk about dessert.  The Irish Car Bomb cupcakes are an experience I just can't discuss on this forum.  The service was perfection, the food divine, the wine flowing, and the company extraoardinary.  Thanks, La Merenda, for a memorable night.  Even if I broke the chair.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,8/20/2012,17,72,14,10,8>Some restaurants should be clean, and some should not.Now, I wouldn't want to eat in a dirty sushi restaurant.I'd certainly never eat at a hot dog joint with linen tableclothes.But by the same measure, I expect my barbecue restaurants to have a fine patina of dead animal grease and carcinogenic wood smoke to give it that little bit of authenticity.  Combine these features with more than a dash of inner-city grunge and "I-May-Get-Shot-For-Some-Brisket" dangerous-ness and you have Speed Queen BBQ, by heaps-and-gobs Milwaukee's best BBQ spot.Making recommendations about this place is pointless; every single thing on the menu is startlingly delicious and will make that part of your soul that craves porkulation go crazy with happiness.Personally, I love asking for the outside.  I'm not even sure if it's on the menu and they only usually have it at certain times,  but a successful order gets you a big styrofoam container full of the blackened and charred bits from the outside of the pig.  These are easily the most flavorful parts of the animal.  The crispy bits combined with the fatty meat surrounding them are just phenomenal.  Probably one of my favorite things in the world. I know it's heretical amongst serious BBQ-ologists, but I enjoy a good sauce.  Speed Queen keeps it pretty simple with a mild and a hot.  The mild is tangy and good, the hot is just stupid.  It's thick and orange and viscous and must be 90% peppers.  It's one of the hottest sauces that I've had that is actually meant to be eaten like a sauce rather than a spice.Insider tip :  Ask them to mix the sauces.  They'll do a half-and-half on top that is perfect.  You get the sweet part and the hot part combined.  It's great.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2012,8/19/2012,56,86,8,14,10>I ~heart~ The Tool Shed.I love that it's owned by a woman who promotes healthy female sexuality. I love that they have so many unique fun *ahem* toys that you can play with (but not in that way) before you buy anything. In addition to toys, they have pretty undies and other products / accessories that promote whole-body wellness.I love that they have all kinds of classes & workshops that are body positive & female oriented. I've taken burlesque classes with the Brew City Bombshells, belly dancing classes, and other fun naughty workshops. The customer service is always friendly and helpful, and they're very knowledgeable about the products they carry.I can neither confirm nor deny whether I actually own any of their wares *cough*, but I would encourage all the ladies who haven't checked it out to do so, post haste. If you're in a relationship with a lady you love, THIS is where you should be shopping for your next birthday/anniversary gift. As a matter of fact, take your favorite lady there so she can see all the fun stuff for herself.  Feel free to snicker like kids during your visit; you'll be in good company.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,8/18/2012,41,166,2,2,3>Sobleman's @ Marquette I believe is what this joint is called.I stopped in a with a crew of 4 on NFL conference Championship Sunday where we watched Tebow and the Broncos get beaten pretty badly (I did not "Tebow" in the bar, but wanted to deep down).  There was also a Marquette basketball game that ended about 3 hours prior and the place was still full of college drunks.  I even saw an old man headbutt a drunk at the bar because the youngster was being so obnoxious.The burgers are good just like you know (they are famous burgers after all).  We had the jalapeno and regular cheese balls, both were worth getting if you're looking to plug yourself up.Barkeep was very friendly and we had a nice time chatting with him.  The kind sir even gave us each a Lakefront Brewery pint (due to our mass consumption of Lakefront products) and a couple of Robin-ade's to boot (SCORE!!).We ended up here because the St Paul location had too long of a wait.  There appeared to be more seating in this location than at the St Paul Street spot.    I like the decor at the other location better which isn't to say the @ Marquette set up is a dump.  I can see myself coming back in the future if the other place is full.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,8/17/2012,43,51,3,3,2>5 Stars, right off the bat!  I have spent SO much time in Roast.  It was the place I did homework daily during my undergrad. I wrote my thesis for my Master's there.  I lived there, literally.  I pretty much owe all of my good grades from hours of studying to Roast. The owner is awesome.  We always talk music.  He even let me hook my laptop up to his external hard drive to extract whatever tunes I wanted. So cool.  He takes a lot of pride in his coffee, especially his iced coffee.  I guess it's pretty special and takes hours to brew.  Hands down, they make the best honey latte around.  Good people, good coffee, good food, good art, good music, free wifi, comfortable atmosphere.  I like, I like, I like.  AND the cherry oat muffins are vegan! YUM!
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2012,8/16/2012,49,307,,4,3>This place underwent a little bit of a revamp within the last couple of months. The menu is new and the prices crept up a little, but they are still in line with the other family restaurants in the area. I resist change when it comes to my favorite restaurants, so I was worried about a changing Zebb's that I remembered coming to for several years. The monstrous portion size is still alive and well, but I think the quality of the food jumped way up. I had the broccoli and cheese omelette with American fries with onions and I could only make it through half of it. It was served on a platter and the omelette filled up the entire platter and the American fries were piled high on the top. The American fries were absolutely delicious and were not greasy, at all. As an alternative to breakfast toast, I would recommend a grilled hard roll. What a tasty idea! The gyros are still fantastic! The service was fantastic! Sorry I doubted the changes, Mr. Zebb!
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,2/3/2013,64,183,2,4,4>This is the real deal, folks - started by lads from over the pond that came over to play soccer/football for Cardinal Stritch. The decor is appropriately dark and sporty. We love Ceili the waitress - also from over the pond. She's fun, enthusiastic, warm, casual and smart about food and drink. Best scotch egg we've ever had. A highly respectable traditional English Breakfast. The place just makes me smile the whole time I'm there.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,2/2/2013,35,99,1,9,8>Holy Cow.I always hoped Milwaukee had a place like this: a legit Indian grocery with all the fixings. 40-pound rice bags? Check. Aisles of spices and sauces? Check. Ad for frozen goat meat by the cash register? Check. And we're only scratching the surface of their offerings!I myself stop in every time I'm with my vegetarian pals at Bombay Sweets next door and load up on giant boxes of British black tea at cut-rate prices. I suggest you at least do the same, and keep your eyes peeled too. It's the kind of place that rewards an adventurous cook.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,2/1/2013,69,124,2,5,5>It's a little hard for me to write an objective review for Botanas. I've eaten here over many years and have worked just down the block from the place for the last eight. Despite nearly a decade of employment nearby, I've only had lunch here about four or five times. We used to come here over 10 years ago when Botanas was little more than a hole in the wall. The large crowds were at the big joints a little farther up the street, so we were more than pleased to find a quiet little place with delicious Mexican food and a nice atmosphere. About the time I got a job nearby, the place exploded. Now I wouldn't doubt if it's the largest burrito slinger on the strip. It's also become completely Disneyfied.Maybe that's part of the reason I stopped visiting regularly. It stopped feeling ... quaint.However, I took an out-of-towner there today for lunch and I have to admit, despite their growth, they never stopped providing great service, fine Mexican fare and a solid value. For $7.95, one can get a cup of soup du jour, a few of heaping scoops of rice and beans and combo of your favorite meats wrapped in tortillas--you know, burritos, tacos, chimichangas, flautas, enchiladas and my favorite, the tostada!I think chunky beef is the way to go here, too. For pork, there's a better tiny joint on 2nd and National. But the chunky beef at Botanas is tender, juicy and lean. On a crisp tostada with melted cheese over the top, it's delicious.And since it was our lunch break from work, I had to abstain from a margarita(s), but I know they're good here as well. There's nothing really special about them: they come in a bunch of flavors, they're blended, and they'll leave you in a heaping mess if you drink too many of them.In other words, they're perfect!In short, Botanas is good. Go here, you'll eat decent food and have a fun time. What more do you want in a Mexican restaurant? Well, besides a designated driver service.  ;)
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,1/31/2013,38,48,1,13,7>Full disclosure: I love korean BBQ. I have eaten it in many times in Koreatown in NYC, Baltimore, Chicago, and count Seoul Milwaukee as another favorite place to enjoy one of my favorite meals.Many in the MKE don't even know that Seoul exists.  Personally, I think everyone should enjoy Korean BBQ because IT IS SO DAMN GOOD but at the same time...I love my little secret gem of a restaurant on Prospect and Kenilworth. Soju (rice liquor) and Bokbunjajoo (Korean Berry Wine) are the perfect start to any Korean meal because they are true Korean Beverages and perfect for palate cleansing.  The Kimchi that is served is amazing as are all the other side dishes that come with each meal. Lettuce wraps, rice, and soup are served with all BBQ entrees. This is the absolutely perfect and correct way to enjoy such a flavorful meal. I do believe this is the only Korean restaurant in Milwaukee but Seoul does it so well, no others are needed. The service is excellent and remarkably friendly.  If you have any questions, the servers are extremely knowledgeable and do well explaining the wide variety of dishes on the menu.  I only take people here who have adventurous palates.  It's worth the experience.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,1/30/2013,185,276,9,10,7>You should know this:Ein Prosit, ein Prosit Der Gemütlichkeit Ein Prosit, ein Prosit Der Gemütlichkeit. OANS ZWOA DREI! G'SUFFA!At the end of the song.  Drink.  Drink more.  Repeat.This place is the bee's knees.  Do you like drinking in public parks on benches with strangers on a summer's day?  This is for you!  Do you like polka?  You'd fit right in.  Make a friend, drink some beer, have a laugh.  This place is super great.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,1/29/2013,38,85,6,7,3>You know it is good when there are 10 people outside a place before it opens at 7 am.  When I parked my car and saw this today, I knew I was in for a treat. I am not a bakery person, but this place delivers the goods and I can understand the many perfect scores.  REAL bakeries and few and far between these days.I stopped in here after a couple of co-workers of mine suggested that if I was going to bring in some food, that I should stop there on my way to work.  I was surprised that it is located right across the street from Balisteri's, another one of my favorite places in town. This small strip in Tosa must be magical.Everyone RAVED about the cheesecake that I brought into work.  I was surprised that it cost 40 bucks, but it served about 20-25 people so that isn't a terrible deal for something of complete and utter quality.  The cheesecake came layered with the top layer being delicious creamy and perfect cheesecake and the bottom part being dense and substantial chocolate cake.  It is lined with raspberry sauce and covered with a thin coat of chocolate buttercream.This place costs a bit more money, because the ingredients are REAL.  You can taste it.  The cake you buy at the grocery store is made with Crisco and cheap crap.  I won't even eat it.Also, I got a MORNING BUN because I was told how great they are.  Oh, IT WAS.  The dough was soft and had a small party in my mouth before going down.  The texture was incredible and it even had some small nuts within it, which was a really cool surprise.However, the morning bun and cheesecake did make me a bit sick because I'm not used to so much sugar.  However, a solid 4 stars.  5 stars if you love baked goods.  Stop in, you won't be sorry.  They run out of morning buns, so get one bright and early.Also, if you're getting married get your cake here.  I've heard a lot of good things.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2012,1/28/2013,66,228,3,3,6>We've lived in Tosa for a while now, yet I've only just had my first experience at Leff's. We've seen the packed outdoor seating on beautiful days, but I wasn't sure if it would be too "bro-y" for my tastes. Turns out it is "bro-y", but in a *good* way. :-)Its sports bar meets friendly pub. Patio meets classic bar. Cheap food meets tasty. Good for groups. Good for individuals. Really good game time appetizer specials. Fun little extras like complementary mini shots during touchdowns on Badger game days.We'll be back next time our decision to not pay for cable or dish foils our Packers or Badgers watching plans from home.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,1/27/2013,147,207,4,5,5>Quickly becoming one of my favorite places in MKE. Yes, I am ready to declare it in the top ranks of my favorite things (Oprah style). If the three levels weren't enough, if the selection wasn't knock your socks off, there's the amazing staff and the perfect location. Grab a cup of coffee on the first floor and have at it. I cannot get enough. I had the a fabulous conversation about Miss Elizabeth (Of late 80's WWF fame) with one of the staff members...It made my day. I feel no sense of judgement when I purchase Growing Pains trading cards. It's unpretentious. It's quirky. It's soooo MKE.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,1/26/2013,296,1326,8,9,9>The best way that I can describe Ruby Tap is that it's the exact opposite of Leff's Lucky Town. Instead of rivers of beer, there are two dozen wines in high tech vending machines. Instead of greasy wings, there are delicate bites of cheese or charcuterie. Instead of TV's blasting the big game, there are cozy seating areas and board games. Instead of being a sausage party, it's an estrogen fest. You get my drift - this is the place to go with your best girlfriends to bitch about work or significant others while sipping on a glass (or ten) of wine.Like Yo Mama next door, Ruby Tap is self serve. You get a swipe card which activates the machines and choose what you like from a few dozen offerings. There are pour size options - 1.5 oz is a "taste", 3 oz is "I'm driving" and 6oz is "JT size". Prices vary by wine but seem in line. When your glass is empty, you don't have to wait for a server - you refill when and as much as you want. As Mike P. correctly notes - they have done a top notch job on the interior here. It's cozy, clean and welcoming with lots of comfortable spots to sit and chat. It's high- quality down to the smallest details. Instead of some watered down Softsoap in the bathroom they have Mrs.Meyer's. I notice things like that.Gents - this is a great place for a date. You can get beer and you'll score points for picking a classy spot.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,1/25/2013,3,52,3,2,3>Sweet potato tater tots! Sweet potato tater tots! There's also the Bay View retro hipster atmosphere (hey, I like it) and some good to okay sandwiches. Blue cheese burger, yes; that grilled veggie thing on a giganto bun, no. Did I mention the sweet potato tater tots?
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,3/15/2011,48,58,6,2,2>You know why I like Rochambo? or Ro, as I like to call it when I'm extra short on time.I like it because it feels like one giant wacky home, filled to the brim with the strangest family members imaginable. Rochambo is all about the pairing of the unlikely:    Bums + yuppies    Caffeine + Alcohol    Wine + homework (highly recommended)    and so on and so forth.But if you're alright with, or even rooting for, the possibility that you may very well end up having an enlightening conversation with a strange, but friendly man who may or may not be homeless, then I think you and Ro will get along just fine.You might even learn something new.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2011,3/14/2011,24,52,3,3,3>We took our college aged niece and boyfriend out to dinner here, along with our 6 year old daughter. We had a blast! We rented a table for 1.5 hours and had drinks and dinner at the table. Our daughter had a blast chasing down (lots of) stray ping-pong balls and trying to get the hang of hitting a ball or two. Between the five of us, we had the duck salad, chili, pear salad, steak sandwhich, BLT and veggie burger. Everyone really loved their food. My favorite was my duck salad. It had a nice, light oil-based dressing and very tender, juicy duck over fresh baby spinach and a hard boiled egg. I wouldn't change a thing. Everyone loved the french fries and the sweet potato chips. The chili was a healthy portion served with shredded cheese, onions and sour cream on the side (all the necessities). Service was good. We'll be back (at least that's what the 6 year old said). (One weird thing.... There was a Sweet Sixteen party going on with tons and tons of teenagers (perhaps 100??) roaming around in and out of the private room. Many were dressed liked they were going to or from an eighth grade dance. It was weird. It made me feel old.... :-( )GLUTEN FREE OPTIONS: Great salads, sweet potato chips (likely fried in shared oil, though), chili!
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,3/13/2011,32,100,2,2,3>I want to give Karma major props for being open during the great blizzard of 2011, when most places around here seemed to close up all or part of the day, including the restaurants on either side of it.   They were a bit understaffed and understandably a bit slow, but they were carrying out their vital mission of providing beer and burgers for the hungry masses.I had a standard cheeseburger, which was not special but perfectly fine, and my wife had a veggie melt, which she said was delicious.  I also give them plus points for the option of getting Tater Tots instead of fries as a side--I hadn't had them for quite a while, but they made great comfort mood in the midst of the storm, and I ate all of my own and most of my wife's.The walls are filled with HDTVs playing sports.   We were there on a weekday mid-afternoon, and I'm not enough of a fan to enjoy reruns of old games, but this would be a lively place to watch a game live.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,3/12/2011,26,423,2,4,2>Love this little place!  Everything is natural and tastes great.  Only open Saturday mornings.  Place is definately low maintenance, a few folding tables with yummy baked goods.  Prices are reasonable and people are friendly.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,3/11/2011,20,147,3,4,2>I had the same reservations about Fuel that Katy G did. I had heard so many things prior to visiting that I formed an opinion before I entered the door. I'm pleased to report that my first visit was much different than those preconceived notions.Visually, Fuel rubbed me the right way. I felt at home the moment I walked inside. The large geisha painting on the wall was my first introduction to the artwork of Jon Reiter (who own Solid State Tattoo in Bayview), so the visit served another purpose other than filling the void in my stomach.My sandwich and chips were close to exceptional. The fruit and granola I had was also quite enjoyable. The iced cappucinno I had was pretty good. Overall it was a pleasant experience. I will definitely give Fuel Cafe another shot and next time not be as concerned about being cool enough to be there.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,3/10/2011,24,61,2,4,5>My first impression threw me a bit, but i just walked into a remodel project. Hey, we've all been there, its not nice.But after receiving my first treatment with Dawn I am thoroughly impressed! She clearly keeps up on her education, and in this industry that is a must. My electrolysis consult was very informative yet to the point. She took care of these crazy coarse hairs I started sprouting at age 30 and just cant keep up with the waxing. And let me tell you a- cost less b- less pain c- actually lasts!Only thing that could make this salon better is online scheduling and maybe more lighting in the waiting room. Dawn, you have yourself a new client!  And I look forward to seeing the final project when complete (both me and your salon).Updated 3/9/11: 3 appts with Dawn so far and she still continues to impress me with her knowledge. Plus the hairs are 'melting' away :-)
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,3/9/2011,8,114,2,2,2>We've been here a  of couple times recently.  Typical Milwaukee pizza parlor decor and helpful staff, once you get over the decor... or lack thereof.Though our taste buds really enjoyed the garlic bread which is off the charts, I'm sure our cardiovascular system did not!  It is completely buttered (perhaps even dipped in melted butter before it comes out)--in fact my mom asked if the slices were wrapped in plastic!The salad is very tasty and includes delicious cheese and meat slices.As for the pizza, it was very delicious and not too greasy.  I wish they had an option for grilled chicken and more veggies, but it is what it is.  One other note is that the pizza is cut in triangular slices (standard pizza cutting) rather than the square slices more typically seen around town.  This was a welcome change.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2011,3/8/2011,41,225,2,2,2>I've been to both coasts, and I realize that we Milwaukeeans are never going to eat incredible top-of-the-line seafood in this city... but St. Pauls comes close.I had a Public Market gift card and my girlfriend and I finally gave this place a try.  The highlight was the lobster roll.  I love lobster, but I'm lazy and find most shellfish very unattractive when still in their shell.  So I usually go with a lobster roll.  This one was excellent.  Not too "mayo-ey" and the toasty warm bun really added a lot to the sandwich - and there were big chunks of lobster in there.  Loved it - I WILL be getting this again.We also split a crab melt sandwich.  That was good as well, but not as flavorful.  Usually I'm not one to complain about too much cheese, but the large amount of cheese on the sandwich overpowered the crab taste.  It also made the sandwich a little too salty.  I give the crab melt a 6/10 and the lobster roll a 9/10 rating.My only gripe is that we got a crab cake appetizer that cost $9 - and it was only one crab cake that was kinda small.  I thought it tasted excellent, but I really think you should get two of them for that price.  From the looks of the other reviews here, I need to come on a Tuesday to get the two-for-one appetizers.For Milwaukee - this is great seafood.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2011,3/7/2011,41,76,,6,4>I can't believe I haven't reviewed Ja'Stacy already. I have been going here for almost 5 years and the people that work there are very close to me. Khadeejah & Stacy are the nicest ladies and do an excellent job running the restaurant. This is a family owned and operated business. Now to the food, which is what it's all about. If you are in need of some SOUL food then look no further - Ja'Stacy serves the best soul food in the city!!! Some of the different meals/sides I've ordered are catfish, smothered steak with rice & gravy, mild wings with the incredible sauce, fries, grilled chicken, mac & cheese, greens, yams, cornbread & more. I promise you if you order any one of these meals you will be satisfied. You usually get one main course and two sides. That comes with their famous cornbread patties. You are able to call ahead on your pick up orders so your meal can be ready or close to ready when you arrive . Otherwise, you can eat inside at one of the booths or tables. There isn't a fancy setup or attractive décor on the inside, in fact it's pretty plain except for all the pictures of celebrities who have stopped in to have some great soul food. A lot of the Bucks players have eaten there, musicians such as Ray-J, Avant, Marcus Houston, Omarion, Tank, Rico Love, Russell Simmons (Mogul). To name some more Mike Epps, Kevin Garnett, etc....you get the picture. It is a desirable place. It's still a great place to come with one friend or multiple friends. They can accommodate you in all situations. Tell them Greg sent you. One last thing, during the winter, they are only open Thursday - Sunday.  Plus they serve an awesome breakfast on Saturday mornings.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,3/6/2011,148,281,4,3,3>I feel guilty about this review. You see, I've been a WPR gal for quite a while. I have a WPR water bottle on my desk at work, and I see it every day and think happy thoughts about public radio. I have a whole grains cookbook somewhere in my kitchen for giving them money every month. There are two decals on my car, one is for WPR.But a few month ago, it must have been during a repeat of Prairie Home Companion, I decided to scan the radio in my car--something I have not done in a very long time. And I found WUWM, and I love it. I love the local shows and I love the national shows. It's not that I love WPR any less, and if there were some magical way to listen to two radio channels at the same time, I'd be good to go! Maybe once this honeymoon stage is over, I'll turn the dial up a MHz, but until then, I'm totally diggin' WUWM.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,6/13/2012,42,146,3,4,4>KELLYS BLEACHERS! My new favorite stop before Brewers games. I go to a lot of games, and when I say a lot, you really don't have a capacity of how many I actually go to.  But what I like about Kelly's Bleachers:-fun bar-not a whole bunch of uncool people-mix of old and young-good food, pulled pork is really good-pitchers are about nine bucks-the shuttle driver is crazy, which is always fun-plus, there is a secret about parking that I will give you, if you inbox me, because I don't want to give it away to everyone :)
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2012,6/12/2012,137,194,6,4,2>I HATE to review this place, because it is so close to home, and so very, VERY cheap! Once the word is out, I won't be able to find a seat! Miller $2.75 (even cheaper on happy hour)Decent enough wine selection- Food is excellent- and I mean EXCELLENT- again, very reasonably priced for downtown!They have a fish fry on Friday (Also Wednesday during lent) $7.75 for two pieces, 9.25 for three pieces) choose home made chips or fries-The bar snackage is pretzels with almond-swiss cheese spread.  Bar dice on request-So try it out, but if you see a bald guy giving you the stinkeye, that's me - PO'd cause you're in my seat!
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2011,6/11/2012,36,140,9,6,6>This started out so terribly but turned into a fan-freaking-tastic experience. I didn't have a reservation so I wasn't too irritated at the 40 minute wait on a busy Friday. What I did get supremely pissed at was being seated and then completely ignored for nearly 15 minutes. For those of you keeping track at home, that's almost an hour of sitting around awkwardly and being unacknowledged by staff. I wasn't sure how to say "fuck this" in Japanese, but I was pretty damn close to finding out. So here's how Izumi's redeemed itself to a degree I've never experienced before: our waitress sent out a small feast of starters (including an incredible miso soup and dumplings) on the house so we didn't "starve to death." How great is that?! I love the fact that she used that phrase as if two chubbers were in any danger of starving. (first world problems). I know it's a small gesture, but that coupled with an apology from the dining room manager, goes such a long way with me that I truly appreciate the effort. Our server was literally running around with so many guests that she was short of breath at one point (I feel your pain, my Asian sister). Once the rush calmed down, we had fantastic service. Coupled with an out-of-this-world rainbow roll and the absolute best tuna I've ever eaten -- and that pushed it over the top.  I give this a 5 star because my rule of "free stuff equals AWESOME" but the quality of the sushi was 5-star regardless of the comped goodies, even if it took a thousand years to get to the table. Bottom line: Fantastic food, attentive wait staff, horrific wait time but (in the words of famed Japanese action hero, Bill Murray) "I'll be back!"
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2012,6/10/2012,35,99,2,5,4>In the era of online shopping, unique local retailers are quickly becoming extinct. Art Smart's is a living dinosaur, a true gem still open for business on the heart of Milwaukee's hip Brady Street strip.What brought me to this store was disc golf. I've just moved to the sleepy Midwest and find that Estabrook Park's wooded frisbee golf course is practically on my doorstep. What better excuse to get off my couch for a bromantic weekend afternoon, right?Well, Art's turns out to be the place to go. When I walked in the door there were waist-high stacks of discs cluttering up a quarter of the available floor space. I thought they were doing inventory, but that's their floor stock! It turns out that Art's carries pretty much every disc in creation from all the manufacturers on the market. They vary by distance, weight, color, material, and purpose. I was left in peace when I wanted a minute to soak it all in and look at the handy manufacturer's charts. And when I had a bunch of questions, the gravelly-voiced old owner was super patient and friendly with my newbie issues.What's great about Art's is that the owner is as much a player and supporter of the hobby as he is a retailer. He explained the differences in the plastics grades and durability of the purchases I was about to make. He puts up hand-written signs in the store with details of course opening dates and reminders to keep the parks clean. A class act all the way.In addition to disc golf, the store has great offerings for kites, juggling, card pokers supplies, and darts. I was also surprised to see the vast array of novelty gag gifts: mustaches, squirting gadgets, masks, and more. This place is a jackpot for middle-schoolers and office parties. I'm proud that my city has a store this great that's still going strong after all these years. Support your local retailer of awesomeness and stop in next time you're on Brady Street!
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,6/9/2012,79,138,2,4,4>Miller Park is my second home in the summer. In fact, this is the first year in a long time that I don't have full season tickets. What's to love about Miller Park...Tailgating: I can't imagine not having tailgating. Don't get me wrong Minnesota and San Francisco both have awesome stadiums, but the lack of tailgating takes away part of the game day experience for me.People: With the exception of Cubs games and a few random drunks, the majority of the people in the stadium are fun to be around. I do think the crowd gets more fun the higher up you get. (My season tickets were in section 423...if you want cheap seats with an amazing view get tix these.) Seats: There really are no, ok few, bad seats here. My personal favorites are right behind home plate (duh), section 423, 200 level along 3rd base line, left field bleachers. Concessions: People LOVE to complain about how much beer & food costs at the ball park, but do a comparison and Miller Park is cheaper than the MLB average. There's a pretty good variety at Miller Park from the standard brats/hot dogs (note: vegetarian hot dogs are found on the first level behind home plate). My wife had awesome turkey sliders the other night. If you're new the ballpark, I recommend getting there early and walking around each level to see what is all available. (Unlike other ball parks you can actually go to other sections than the one you're ticketed in, with the exception of the club level.) Team: They always put out a good product and thrive off the crowd's energy. What else can one ask for? I love this park and love my team!
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,6/8/2012,30,56,7,6,6>Quietly tucked in between the disappointing Via Downer and the world's most eclectic CVS Pharmacy is this East Side institution, the Original Pancake House.As you may have read from other reviews, waiting for a table is de rigueur here, so be prepared. Thankfully there is a fairly sizable waiting area as well as a vestibule. It was nice out today, so you could have even waited outside for a table.Staff is pleasant and efficient (and our waiter was super cute) and the menu has a good variety of choices without making you feel insanely overwhelmed (cough, cough, Maxfield's). Plus, all of the egg items come with a side of pancakes--score!I had the ham and cheese omelet which was enormous and unlike most omeletes I've ever seen. You may have read others complain about the "brown stuff," but it is just well-cooked eggs, no biggie. Like any omelet you have to do some digging to get to the good stuff, and this was no different. Also nice was that there were no errant ingredients from someone else's omelet mixed into mine. How annoying is it to enjoy a specific omelet and having a random onion or piece of gyro meat show up like a Jehovah's Witness at your door?What I appreciated the most was that the omelet was big enough that I can warm it up for lunch tomorrow because it was so large. On to the pancakes! They were light, fluffy, and fabulous--even better than Maxfield's if I do say so myself.Misfires were minor: orange juice is fairly pulpy, which grosses me out more than talking about lady bits. Why anyone would want solids floating in their liquids is beyonf me; would have liked a little more checking on the food, I was almost half-done before CuteWaiter asked if everything was ok/we needed anything.Would definitely go back (even if that waiter isn't there).
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2012,6/7/2012,66,197,3,4,3>I'm a big fan of this airport because, aside from San Diego and Santa Ana, it's one of the easiest airports to get in and out of.  There are no annoying trams, shuttles, or carts that you have to take to move from concourse to concourse. I can usually arrive 45 minutes before a flight and get through check-in/security with plenty of time to spare.  The restaurant/bar selection isn't the greatest outside of the main concourse, so your best bet is probably to get food if you have a connecting flight in a larger airport.  Well maintained and very clean.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2011,6/6/2012,313,188,6,4,5>holy s. im in love. last night was my first pitch's experience, but i yelp before you today to ensure you (not the old people drink) that it will not be my last. sure the place looks a bit like the dining room from the shining, not to mention the hundreds of creepy dolls throughout the place, but maybe hundreds of creepy dolls is what modern american restaurants are missing. the service was great from the bar to the table, i wasnt on cheers but i felt like everyone in that place knew my name. just being in there made me want to be an old retired man who'd come sit at the bar and sip crown on the rocks. i think i may move back to milwaukee when im old and rickety just to do that. sure the food is fatty, but hello, last time i checked this was america. its nice to know there is somewhere within walking distance that i can get a fish fry and rib combo for 17 bucks, (because after i stuff that down my throat i'll need to walk home). i really cant even think of a complaint from my experience, they even had automatic paper towel dispensers so all i had to do was wave my hand, and pow! there it was... paper... tell me thats not new? ok. im done. check the place out. its rad.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,6/5/2012,30,62,4,10,7>Thank you Odd Duck for giving Milwaukee yet another unique restaurant.  My fiance and I were hanging out in Bay View, trying to decide whether to have dinner at Cafe Centraal or Cafe Lulu when we realized that Odd Duck was a new restaurant in the area.  The 12 five star reviews since April plus reasonably priced small plates made it hard to resist.  Could this be the new La Merenda?I absolutely LOVED the ambiance.  Love the huge windows, the Tiffany Blue dining chairs, the cute succulents on each table.  Love the artwork on the wall, the exposed brick, the hanging mason jar lamps.  Service was almost impeccable.  Our waitress India was really sweet and great at explaining the menu, though at first I thought she was a little too eager.Small plates we ordered:1. Gouda-Stuffed Medjool Dates, Bacon, Balsamic ----------My fiance's favorite of the night. Savory, sweet goodness.2. Spanish Flatbread - chorizo, pepper-onion marmalade, manzanilla olives, manchego----------Pretty tasty.  The chorizo pepperoni was a nice surprise.  3. Red Lentil Daal, House Naan, apple-cilantro chutney----------Least impressive.  I wanted more spices and flavor from the daal.  4. Grilled Asparagus, lemon, olive oil----------Simple but refreshing and very yummy5. Lamb meatballs, smoked paprika-tomato sauce, manchego, arugula, toasty baguette----------My personal favorite.  Overall, everything tasted healthy - but almost too healthy...lol.  I loved the pace at which each plate was served because it forced me to eat slowly, enjoy my food, and keep from overeating!  5 small plates, 2 drinks = $62 after tipI'll definitely be back to try their large plates and their lunch options!!!
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,6/4/2012,172,484,6,10,3>This is a pretty no frills gym, there is no pool or sauna. There is a lot of cardio equipment, weight equipment, and even televisions to help keep you entertained while you work out.  There is also a schedule of classes, which I haven't participated in but plan to soon.Tanning and water massage are available. You can do it for free if you have a special membership or you can pay by the service. One cool thing is that there are private showers. If you don't like others having the ability to check out your junk while you are showering this is a good thing. If you go to the gym in order to check out other people's junk, you're in for a disappointment.The best thing of all is the low membership pricing of only $10 a month. There are higher memberships which do come with a few perks, but I think most people can handle the basic membership just fine.Plus, I am near certain that they are open 24/7.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2011,5/8/2011,265,357,,4,2>My good friend is a sushi fanatic.  She goes out for sushi with her family almost every week. My co-workers and I decided to go out for sushi for dinner and randomly chose Takara because they have a great deal on Mondays.  I decided to invite my good friend because she had never been to Takara.I ordered the spider rolls and the coconut bubble tea.  The rolls were huge!  Like, have to take two bites instead of just one mouthful. From the little I know this may be a bad thing to sushi connoisseurs. I'm a newb so if it tastes good I'm all for it, and it was indeed very tasty. My friend loves this place so much that every Monday for the past 6 months she has been going to Takara with her parents.  Takara has the best value and doesn't short you on quality because of it.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,5/7/2011,8,80,4,9,3>I've passed through this place many times when I ride the 15 and was originally leery of this place. First of all, I usually get my haircut in Chicago - I don't feel comfortable going to many American hairdressers since most of them cut my hair really bluntly on the ends (which irritates me to no end) and also because the place was really expensive compared to what I'm used to.I ended up going there on a less than busy Friday evening for a trim and was greeted by Justine, one of the stylists. I was really surprised when she gave me a neck rub before cutting my hair. Also, she washed my hair and when I specified how I hated blunt ends on my hair, she followed through with this and I ended up having the more natural looking ends I usually get from most Asian hairdressers - I was impressed. Not only that, I found Justine to be super-friendly and very professional. The other added perks to this place is that you don't get itchy from having hair falling down your shirt. Oh, and the place smells pretty nice and is really clean.Overall, do I recommend it? So far, yes. Though I've yet to try getting one of those awesome trendy Japanese haircuts I see on Raysysa (rasysa.com/pkg/style) from The Establishment, I'll definitely be going there again for at least a trim.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,5/6/2011,181,369,2,1,2>5 stars for teaching kids about the Earth and Environment!This place ROCKS - literally!  They have a rock wall in the back!Take the time and volunteer at their next event.  You won't regret it.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/10/2011,5/4/2011,71,160,1,5,2>I went in for dinner with my boyfriend because we heard some great reviews. We shared the fried clams for an appetizer - they were very tasty. I really liked the batter and the homemade dipping sauce. Both of us ordered steaks which was not the best choice. For the prices, I expected better steak. I ordered the NY Strip (dry aged) medium rare; it came out medium and did not taste like it was dry aged at all. We were also told the sides were large and made to be shared, but I didn't think they were very large at all. I got the wild mushrooms which I enjoyed. My boyfriend ordered mashed potatoes and they were way too aggressively seasoned. I like salty foods, but this was way too salty. We also got dessert, the carrotcake - it was the best part of the meal.I enjoyed the atmosphere of the place, but we were sat at a table in between the dining areas and it made us feel very awkward. Also our server did not seem to be happy we were sat in her section (we are in our mid 20s and I didn't think she thought we were going to tip her well). So she was not necessarily unpleasant, but not really pleasant either. I'd go back again to try some of their other entrees, but I'm not sure I'll be expecting too much out of the service.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,5/3/2011,18,215,3,4,4>hahaha how can you not love this statue?  I think it's great and have way too pictures where my friends and I are walking home from the bars and stop to talk to the Fonz.  Really, this little bronze statue is pretty emblematic of Milwaukee- a little off, yet funny and unifying.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2011,5/2/2011,117,150,15,6,7>I live in Riverwest, but I have slowly been trying to make my way to Bayview every once in a while to see what's up. Saturday marked my first time at Blackbird, and I really liked it! Good bartenders, good clientele, good jukebox. An oddly large number of trivial pursuit boxes strewn about, plus other games. A pretty good selection of seating. Overall very enjoyable.The men's bathroom is a logistical nightmare. You open the door and the urinal is like, right there. I can't even accurately describe how close the urinal is to the door. The urinal could be the door. So, if you're pee-shy at ALL, try to get the stall. Sidenote: the alley is too well-lit for public urniation. Plus that's illegal.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2011,5/1/2011,10,100,,4,2>Friendly staff. Great food. Awesome cheesecake. Amazing drink selection. Fun and cozy atmosphere, lots of character. (Love the conversion from an old house.)They have some fancier dinner specials, but most of their food is what I would call "upscale sandwiches"Great place to go for dinner or just a drink and dessert :)
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2010,4/30/2011,90,490,7,12,8>I moved here from Chicago, and the similarities and differences between Milwaukee and the Windy City don't seem to ever cease to amaze me.  On the plus side for Milwaukee, drivers are much nicer, if you turn on your turn signal, if the first Milwaukee driver won't let you change lanes, the next one will.  In Chicago, even 90 year old grandmothers and soccer moms with minivans full of children will speed up to cut you off, even in stop and go traffic, and flip you the middle finger for just trying to inch into her lane.  Milwaukee cops are so much nicer than Chicago cops.  Parking is much easier in Milwaukee, and most prices are much lower. In the similar department, the Brewers seem to break their fans' hearts much the same way the Cubs still break mine.  There's a neighborhood tavern every couple of blocks in both towns, and both towns have a working class bungalow belt. Now, an interesting difference where Milwaukee falls short is in the dry cleaning and tailoring category.  Good family run dry cleaners are as common in Chicago as, well, neighborhood taverns, and mean cops.  Here in Milwaukee, decent dry cleaning is very hard to find.  There isn't one at all in my neighborhood, not even a bad one. I've driven out of my way, as far as the suburbs, to find a dozen inconveniently located dry cleaners that either didn't do any tailoring, or did a shoddy overpriced job of it, also overcharging for dry cleaning with terrible service (not polite, not clean, losing clothes, unable to call and remind me when my clothes were ready, or found after they lost them).  Every time I went to the cleaners, until I discovered JVC, I felt like I was...."taken to the cleaners," as they say. I  I was actually considering stocking up my dry cleaning and tailoring needs for my once a month jaunt back into Chicago when someone told me about JVC, across from Juneau Village Towers.  Like a lot of the best cleaners on the north end of Chicago, JVC is a little Korean family operation (what's with that? Only Koreans know how to be polite and competent dry cleaners?) and they are very nice, personable, as well as competent and quick.  The prices are slightly high by Chicago standards, very reasonable by Milwaukee area dry cleaning standards (another surprise to me, everything else seems cheaper in Milwaukee as compared to Chicago).  Parking is easy, there's a parking garage right next door.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,4/29/2011,172,484,7,5,4>Mmm... cheese. They have a lot of cheese. They have yellow cheese, and light yellow cheese,  dark yellow cheese, and even light colored cheese with lines of mold in it.  They have soft cheese and hard cheese and medium cheese. They have about every different kind of cheese you could want.Seriously, they have a ton of cheese. Their aged cheddar is especially awesome. Bake up a mac and cheese with that stuff and you have yourself some good eats.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,4/28/2011,51,147,5,6,4>Come on in and shed a tear of joy, that a bakery like this still exists and then another one that a very few do.Grebe's Bakery is like stepping into the past. Nestled in a near south side Milwaukee neighborhood. The sign, the storefront, the interior all hearken back to a time when bakeries were still family owned enterprises and the offerings while not as varied as a large commercial venue, made up for it with quality and taste. I stopped in yesterday after work to pick up some Paczki's. The sweet odor wafting over the parking lot drew me into its arms and I swooned. The bakery counter was staffed by three people, two women and a younger man. Because it was Paczki Day efficiency was the name of the game. Between them they kept the line moving at an astonishing pace and never skipped a beat. I ordered four Paczki's and they were quickly bagged and tagged so I could be on my way.Confession Time: I had barely pulled out of the parking lot before ripping into the bag and biting into the soft fruit filled Paczki. They were, in a word, sublime.I now return you to my regularly scheduled review:  Grebe's does doughnuts the way they are suppose been done. When you bite into them, they taste of real ingredients and don't smack of commercialized doughnuts. The cookies are awesome, sugary, sweet everything you want in a cookie. And their Hot Cross Buns? Fogeddaboutit, just give in to temptation. In addition to an array of delicious bakery items, Grebe's also has a small deli that carries Boar's Head meats. If you are looking to step back into a simpler time, even for a moment, go to Grebe's pick up a doughnut or two and revel in the taste of a good old fashioned bakery.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,1/3/2013,54,340,,7,3>I love City Lounge.  Located down Layton on the border near St Francis / Cudahy, City Lounge offers something for everyone with a great staff and friendly service.  Outside they have an outdoor bar area in the back that is really nice, enclosed smoking area, gated entry with security.  Inside, complete bar with many TVs, dance floor, lots of tables to fit all parties, they have a food menu, drink menu and excellent bartenders.  Always clean, including the bathrooms.  Wait staff is friendly and attentive.Security inside and out is reassuring to avoid possible problems or altercations.  DJ on weekends takes requests.If you want a place to have fun and dance dance dance, this is the place to check out.
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,1/2/2013,228,281,2,5,5>How have I not written this yet?  Must've been laziness...In a surprisingly brief rundown, you should come here for the complete selection of edible items that all coexist with each other like a foodie-driven food court.  Sammies, oysters, sushi, soups, tacos, chocolate, fresh breads, wines, coffee, plenty of seating space, and pretty reasonable parking.Also, retail options include pretty much all of the above stores, plus the Spice House and a pretty decent flower shop.This is probably my favorite addition of the last several years to Milwaukee.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,1/1/2013,23,21,5,5,5>Dear Oktoberfest Milwaukee:  I just want to say thank you. I have been depressed all week thanks to my friends who are in Germany for the opening day of Oktoberfest. They keep posting pictures on the Face Place of all their pre-Oktoberfest beer-tivities. I want to be there and they are just mocking me with their giant 3 litre beers and pretzels.  But I am over their shenanigans thanks to you.  I got my Oktoberfest fix last night and I am all better now.  The band was rocking (and yodeling), people were dancing, good German beer was flowing (directly into my belly), chicken was sizzling on the rotisserie, and I had a fantastic time.  The only thing missing was the super crazy drunk Aussies and Kiwis who always occupy the mosh pit. Which is fine with me because if you want to walk thru the pit they demand you surrender your underwear. And I am not a fan of this practice. If you want a really authentic German but not in Germany Oktoberfest experience then you must attend.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,12/31/2012,38,50,2,8,4>I was in the neighborhood biking around today and decided to stop at Oscar's, which I'd heard was absolutely mind blowing. Well, I guess I better try it then. Small building a block north of National off of 16th, it's definitely unassuming unless you know it's there. Which, I think, is perfect. Let everybody else mow down on (in my opinion) less-quality, albiet still good, burgers at AJ Bombers and Sobleman's.Ok, anyway, Oscar's looks like a typical bar-grill when you walk in (duh, that's what it is, right?). Obligatory 6-7 flatscreens located around various parts of the bar (which, to my pleasure, normally will be broadcasting at least one or two soccer matches; normally LIGA MX). Jukebox, back dining room with games, darts, etc. The patio hear is also huge and offers a decent view of part of the menom valley below. Burger's are the business here, and Santa Maria are they AMAZING. they're huge, first of all, juicy as eff, and a pretty good selection; including the house burger, The Big O.  The Oscar Fries are a great compliment to the burger-gasm, too. Beer selection is yummy; lots of local taps (lakefront, MKE Brewing, etc.). Imports, full bar, the usual shebang. Friendly staff, too. You can tell they care. Pretty busy for around 3pm for lunch, actually. Double Score.  Oscar complimented my bag as I walked out; that was awesome; gracias papa. I can tell when an owner cares about their business and this is definitely the case. I'll be returning VERY soon. hopefully for a lively mexican soccer game. ayooo.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,12/30/2012,46,82,2,6,4>I'm no pizza aficionado, but Lalli's definitely stands their own ground. For those in the surrounding Tosa neighborhood they are also considered a God-send since they are one of the few establishments that deliver. Lalli's pizza is great. I don't know if I'd say it's the best pizza I've ever had ... but that not much coming from a girl who favors Whole Foods' pizza to all others. But their other dishes are pretty great. They have a variety of typical Italian-fare which surpassed my expectations. Plus, the service is always fast and friendly. I'd say try it out and see if it's up your alley. I know I'll be ordering from this little joint all winter long...
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,12/29/2012,181,369,4,7,5>I tell you what.  5 stars.  Yep.  I'm going all the way for this little truck.  Richard has it exactly right - UNASSUMING.  As they say - you can't judge a food truck by its wheels - well totally anyway - and this one has Wheel[z].  Sure this might not be the flashiest of them all, they might not have a person out on the sidewalk luring you in, but boy oh boy - will you be happy you stopped.Spring Rolls.  Yep.  They make em fresh while you wait.  I've gotten the Tofu and it's thin and slightly crispy.  The veggies are crunchy and fresh - and did I mention that these things are HUGE!  You get 2 for $4... and you think - "Only two!?  I might need to order something else!"  BUT you will be surprised as these whoppers sure do fill ya up.Today I went all out and got the Crab Rangoon as well.  I was real hungry.  WOW.  I thought they had me sold at the Spring Rolls... but these little guys were the BEST, I repeat, the BEST I've ever had.  They were so creamy and fresh.  Not overpowered with onion.  Just perfect.  Perfect I tell ya!So - next time you're out and about and you see them hidden among the rest, do yourself a favor and treat yo'self!
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2012,12/28/2012,18,41,3,7,6>What can I say about a place which every Yelper and their mother have been to?  What do you say about their meteoric rise to the top spot in Milwaukee, hurdling over places like Sanford's?Well... not much.  It's pretty hard to say anything that hasn't been said and I am a - okay with that. It's great to see a place like this get the love it's getting.  It just offers me reassurance that the community will support this local spot and keep them around for a long time.So I'm going to discuss something that other reviews don't focus specifically on, their bakery.  No doubt their main courses deserve the praise they have gotten.  I've tried just about everything on the menu outside of the teriyaki burger and loved everything I've had.  I could eat the Kalua pork and char sui chicken combo every day of my life.But their bakery..... Oh... their bakery... I'm trying to stop drooling all over my keyboard and keep my composure, but when I think of Ono's bakery, all I can see in my head and taste in my mouth is their coco puffs.  No, we aren't talking about cereal here, we're talking about something much, much better (and this coming from someone who LOVES Coco Puffs cereal).  What we are talking about are 2 pastries filled with chocolate cream and topped with what is easily, far and away, please take me seriously when I say this.... The best frosting I have ever tasted in my life.  By a billion miles.Their Chantilly Lace frosting is some sort of trademark of theirs to me.  It's sweet and buttery at the same time.  It's creamy.  It's everything I didn't know frosting could be.  Not only have I had it on top of the coco puffs, but I've had it on one of their cakes as well.  As wonderful as the cake is, I'd pick the coco puff over it because they are just that good.Part of me wonders if I should really click "post" on this review because I am slightly worried all you Yelpers are going to go run them out of coco puffs leaving me to camp out nights in front of the place to make sure I get a pack here and there.  I'll take the chance, but the coco puffs are that good to go on and on about them like I just did.That's not all they have, however.  Their cakes are consistently excellent.  I've made my way through chocolate, coconut and papaya slices of cake and each were wonderful for different reasons.  The chocolate was rich, the coconut light on the coconut flavor and very airy (which I prefer, heavy coconut isn't my thing) and the papaya cake was the best color I have ever seen on a cake with a wonderful fruity flavor.  Every piece of bakery I've had has been remarkable and I always see Ono as both a place for dinner and dessert.  Come for a cheap meal but save some of the dinner for tomorrow's lunch.  You're going to want to make sure you have room for a sweet treat at Ono.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,12/27/2012,77,153,8,6,5>MONEY CAN'T BUY YOU CLASS...I'm not referring to the restaurant in the title, but rather the behavior of some of the patrons--we'll get to them soon enough. First, let's have a conversation about the meal I had here, which was culinary perfection.Three of us decided to take advantage of Milwaukee's Downtown Dining Week. We had reservations for 6:30 p.m., and although we had to wait for about ten minutes, I didn't have a problem with that. Capital Grille is very conscientious, and it shows in the way the staff interacts with patrons. The staff definitely makes a dashing first impression, as you cannot miss the fact that everyone is impeccably dressed in formal attire. When our hostess escorted us to the table and introduced us to our waitress, Sara, the only thing that seemed out of place were these obscenely oversized menus. When you cracked one open, it was easily 20" x 20". I don't know if they were expecting the Jolly Green Giant or a table of Drag Queens, but either way this is not something I've noticed trending in the fine dining arena. Also on the table were three laminated, reasonably-scaled Downtown Dining menus. DOWNTOWN DINING DINNER PRICE = $30 PER PLATE...We opted for the Downtown Dining menu. My two dining companions ordered drinks, while I did not. The Cosmopolitan looked impressive, and the finicky drink connoisseur confirmed this to be the case--no judgement. The other equally persnickety drink critic had a Bloody Mary, and the quality equaled that of the Cosmo. We each ordered the filet, two of us ordered the clam chowder, and I had the mixed greens salad with tomatoes. Before these came, we were gifted with a bread basket, plentiful with several varieties of warm, flavorful bread, rolls and matzoh. This meal also came with two sides--creamed spinach and twice baked mashed potatoes. The menu indicated that the meal came with one side dish, but Capital Grille opted to provide both, and both were amazing in every way. in addition, this very special meal came with your choice of one of Capital Grille's signature desserts. Two of us opted for the Chocolate Espresso Flourless Cake with Raspberry Sauce and Creme Fresh. It was melt-in-your-mouth delicious. Our off-beat friend selected the mundane, boring choice of Home Made Chocolate Ice Cream. Don't get me wrong, this isn't Edy's out of a tub, but with all the choices--seriously? Nutbag, nutbag. I'd like to give Capital Grille additional accolades for not trimming the portions for the special menu. They definitely delivered on the full experience--we LOVE this restaurant. The wait staff was professional, warm, and inviting. We were made to feel welcome, and were encouraged to return. They looked the part, they acted the part.Now, the patrons--classlessness on a cracker! What the hell were these people thinking?! I'm not talking about Sam's Club Sally. I'm talking about North Shore Nancy! Believe it, my friends! Say what you want about my South Side brethren. Some of us might not know the difference between an expensive bottle of wine and Boon's Farm, we may use the inappropriate fork, or we may pronounce merlot exactly how it looks. But the North Shore Nancies--good grief! At the table next to us, they came in dressed in jean shorts, halter tops (for real!), a pajama-ish short, low-cut jumpsuit, plaid shirt with white socks and sandals, slips showing,  well need I say more? Have some decorum! This is NOT Ponderosa, folks! And to make matters worse, they were downright aggressive toward the wait staff. A woman with lips too tight for her face snapped at the poor waitress. Five stars for Capital Grille, a restaurant where the staff that takes service to a new level, and a kitchen that consistently cranks out unforgettable meals.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,12/26/2012,20,128,2,7,4>I love it!This is going to be a shorter review for me. I use a juice machine to start my day. This saves me the clean up and prep. Who doesn't appreciate that?Juiced is a mobile vendor and location changes. I will post the schedule below.Simply put Juiced gives you all the goodies from fruits and veggies. There are 7 juices at $4.50 a pop. There are 4 pure fruit juice options. Shots of wheatgrass ($2.75), macro bars ($3), anodyne coffee ($2), Rishi tea ($2.25) and water ($1).I feel $4.50 is a fair price. If you buy organic ingredients you'll notice that price of those ingredients can be a bit high. I stock myself for the week and I think this is probably the lowest you can go in price while still making a little something for the effort.We all eat out. That's what yelp is about! Keep your body healthy and give it a jolt of the good stuff.If you are skeptical I would encourage you to watch the movie "Fat, sick and Nearly dead." There are benefits! I can personally attest to that. My changing up my diet and adding super basic exercise I've lost around 60lbsThere is not much else to say here. A guy makes juice and you drink the juice. The prep and clean up is the weaksauce part and he does it for you! I had the invincibility which consists of Kale, Carrot, Apple, Kiwi and Lemon. I find it to be a refreshing combo for this warm sunny day.I'll definitely be back but it's gonna be hard getting something else as I really liked what I got today.Give Juiced a try!
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,12/25/2012,79,138,4,2,3>I love Landmark and I'm over 30. I know that sounds weird, but I do. It has almost everything I want in a bar. There are multiple bars, a bunch of pool tables, pinball machines and the video games I want to play (read: Carnevil and DDR, I love them both). Drink prices are pretty decent too. I'm putting it at only 4-star (I'd do 3.5 if I could) for three reasons...1. The lanes at bowling do tend to break down, 2. The tap beer lines sometimes don't taste real clean and 3. The good ol' "Landmark smell" that is always there.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,4/27/2011,39,29,,2,2>I'm not a huge ice cream fan in general, but I was told that this is the place for ice cream in Milwaukee...even President Clinton stopped here when he was in town!I had the strawberry sundae, and must say it was pretty awesome.  The vanilla custard was delicious, but the best part were the candied pecans on top...these guys do it right.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,4/26/2011,5,117,1,7,5>We tried this place because of it's connection with Braise. It was wonderful! The food was different enough to warrant a return for me. The meatloaf was great and the bloody marys huge. And, as others have said, great service.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2011,4/25/2011,191,157,12,9,6>If you understand Hawaiian Pidgin, here's your review:Ho Brah, da food hea is onolicious!Try taste the Huli-Huli Chicken - it brok da mout!There's choke  pupus, snacks and shiz from Hawai'iIf you kama'aina or haole, you like dis store cuz it's no ka oi!If you akamai, you get your Okole to Ono Kine Grindz!----------------------If you have no idea what that jibberish was, here's your review:This little store is great. It has a good amount of stuff from Hawaii - from Li Hing Mui candies to Portugee sausages, from flavored butter to Aloha shirts. Their limited menu of rice plates are just right, and they come with  (1) raisin and pineapple coleslaw and (2) macaroni salad (3) pickled veggies.The Good:-Huli-Huli (smoked) chicken: the BEST! Guy (the chef/owner) has really gotten his recipe down for this. Gets better and better each time.-Kalua Pork: sometimes perfect, but sometimes dry.The Not-so-Bad:-Kobe Beef : a beef brisket plate that's not bad-Winner Chili: Chili over rice with a wiener-Pork Hash (aka siu/shu mai): it's okThe Ugly:-Wished they were open later and had poke more often! :)Guy and Dave are really sweet and always welcome you into their store. Makes me miss home and Hawaii...*sigh*
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,4/24/2011,273,26,6,9,7>What says "Milwaukee" more than a brewery tour?Honestly, I can't think of much.  There's something about the sweet, yeasty smells, the bright stainless steel vats, the friendliness of a brew-master tour guide, and (of course) the promise of a taste of deliciously artful beer that reminds us off all the things that make Milwaukee truly great.I also didn't think that there was a tour in town that could beat out the awesome one at Lakefront Brewery... until I took the tour at the Milwaukee Brewing Company.The brew tour at MBC is much like others - $7 gets you a walk around the facility, a short lesson in what makes brewing work, and a generous tasting (or two) of the brewery's product.  But, one of the things that makes MBC's tour impressive is that it's also a lesson in energy conservation.Impressively, Milwaukee Brewing Company has shown a true commitment to finding new and innovative ways to reuse and conserve energy, placing it at the forefront of companies working towards Green Energy.  The brewery's energy initiatives currently include plenty of recycling.  They reuse heat from its cooling system to reduce the costs of heating water for the brewing cycle.  Their boiler runs on recycled vegetable oil obtained from the Ale House.  And their recovery water used to chill their beer is then repurposed for cleaning the brewery itself.  Unlike larger breweries, which typically toss their yeast at the end of a brewing cycle, MBC also recycles theirs, using the same strains cycle after cycle until it loses its vitality.When you're finished oohhhing and aaahhhing over MBC's obvious dedication to conservation, it's time to hang with the master brewers and drink a bit of beer - which is exactly what we did.I'll admit, I've never been a big fan of Milwaukee Brewing Company's beer.  But, rest assured, the tour changed all that.  I had the opportunity to sample numerous beers - including their Timed Release Brews (Dunkle-Weiss, Blockhead Brown, and Baltic Porter), as well as an awesome experimental brew called Devil's Advocate Spiced Mahongany Ale, which became my next beer love.   This brew was like nothing I've ever tasted.  A strong mahogany ale brewed in the Belgian style, Devil's Advocate is a blend of barley malt, wheat, and oats that come together to create a smooth full bodied beer with a rich caramel and dried fruit flavor.  This batch was heavily scented with anise, creating a deliciously licorice-like flavor that would have been perfect paired with Italian sausage or Italian fare.  My friend Rebecca often comments when speaking of the folks who work at brewing companies, "He's doing God's work."    And, in this particular case, I'd have to agree.I made sure to tip my hat to Bert, MBC's master brewer, on my way out.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2011,4/23/2011,0,11,2,3,3>Quiet little salon up in Mequon. Easy to get to and plenty of parking. Walking in feels a little like you are the only one there because no one is at the desk, but you can see people working so you know you are not alone :-)If you are looking for a relaxing environment this is the salon for you.There are massage therapist, manicurist, facialist, and hair people.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,4/22/2011,65,128,4,5,5>As a self-proclaimed foodie I like Sendik's.  I can always find nice cuts of meat here.  Produce is fresher than most run-of-the-mill grocery stores.  Liquor section in the store.  Very nice bakery items fresh daily.  One dozen roses regular $7.99 can be found on sale often.  The only gripe you will hear from most people who shop here is the store is too darn small!  Fortunately most people account for this and try to stay out of the way.  Also your bill will be a little higher here than at most grocery stores so do the big shopping somewhere else.  Sendik's is nice but it's more of a treat than a go-to meal.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2011,4/21/2011,28,73,,2,2>Very nice grocery store, you can  find most of the products.It is very fresh and you can feel it is privately owned it has its own touch which you do not find a lot anymorelooking at prices and comparing for example vegetable (fresh ones) are cheaper than brand stores fruits if they are cut and ready to go (same as other brand store) then it is cheaper they have a good variety of sandwich and deserts - it is tastyyou can also find stuff for the house such as pen - books - tapes etc.. it is a good price compared to other brand stores - very reasonable even cheaperyou can find you dairy (yogurt - milk ) reasonable prices - I highly recommend to do some grocery and the staff is nice !
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2010,4/20/2011,28,82,,3,3>Beautiful outside seating in the shade. Great food - was huge and filling, barely finished half of my vegetarian breakfast burrito. Friendly service and very affordable prices.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,4/19/2011,53,18,,4,2>When it comes to comparing venues in Milwaukee, the Riverside is one of the best ( in addition to their sister venue the Pabst).  I have experienced a large variety of show at this theater and have had seats in all ares of thie venue.  Depending on the crowd, the bathroom lines can get a little long, but that is common almost everywhere. But a plus is the bathrooms have always been clean and working. The drink prices are average, much less than the Rave/Eagles. You can get a tall can of Pabst for $3 or a $7 mixer.  I gotta love that they proudly serve alot of local beer and liquor choices. I have been in the standing room in front of stage, sat a few row back, sat in the back row of the first floor, sat upstairs for a few shows and I must say all seats have a good view.  Parking is street parking and can get a little tough depending on how busy downtown is on the chosen night. I recommend cab or bus. Twice I've had balcony seats and felt like royalty. The bartenders are friendly and the ushers always have interesting chats with me and my boyfriend before the show starts.  We have our favorite seats and know to get there early enough to get our seats for general admission shows. Talking to some of the artist that have played this venue too are very impressed. The love the catering, the sound and look of playing at this venue.  And the crowds are usually friendly. Once in a while you get that one person that wants to sit through the show while everyone stands in front of them, or a little over-intoxicated fan but again, that can be anywhere.Their website and online presence is a definate must to keep up with their calendar, schedule of events, promotions, ticket deals, etc.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,4/18/2011,127,238,1,6,5>Top ten reasons you'll enjoy your experience at Honeypie1. People other than yuppies / hipsters in residence. Yes, there were actual real adults in Honeypie.2. Sconnie-mosas.3. Incredibly good food*4. Indifferent service from hipster staff, if you know what you're in for its no big deal.5. Folksy WI theme'd decor.6. Beer list to die for.7. Mmmm-pie!**8. Promising looking outdoor area in the back (its a bit early for that)9. Less people with prams than one might expect.10. Mobile phone no-fly zone in full effect* pork fries were pheee-nominal but, damn thats a lot of food. the biscuits and sausage gravy were incredible, light and fluffy....maybe the best we've ever tried.**we tried the black-bottom banana creme pie and it was fan-fucking-tastic and when asking what beer might pair nicely with my pie, the bartender pulled out a wheat beer that went PERFECTLY with said pie.These people know their food and drink. Thats all that matters, right?
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,7/24/2013,52,96,,8,4>Great Middle Eastern food for a great price!Decided to use a restaurant.com certificate ($10 off of $15) with a friend.  Ordered the  baba ghanouj appetizer ($4.99), which came with hot pita bread. Our server also brought us out another basket of bread for it and we ended up taking some of the appetizer home. Thanks to another yelper, I ordered the falafel wrap ($4.99) and could only finish about 1/2 of it. It made for great leftovers! My friend ordered the chicken shawerma ($4.99) and it was good, but not as great as my falafel.  If you're in the mood for middle eastern food in a CASUAL environment, I would suggest Moe's.  If you're in the mood for something fancier, just go to Casablanca.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,7/23/2013,94,388,6,7,7>We've been to McBob's for both breakfast and dinner. What have I ordered there? Corned beef, of course!A Sunday for the corned beef hash was INcredible. The wait for a table, a bit crazy, but friendly and fun.A Wednesday night in March for a party of 11? The place was still rockin, but Christine had us covered. Our server, wearing a jersey that dubbed him Earl, was johnny on the spot and helped me select the farmer's dinner over the Reuben pizza when I was at an impasse. The corned beef was succulent, tender and delicious, the bacon bread savory, perfectly crusty on the outside, happily yielding to the dense, creamy interior. Some American fries and spinach topped off the meal in good measure.We were in good company with our supper club group, and we were even gifted with a visit from the Tullamore Dew girls! They graced us with smooth Tullamore Dew and a toast from their app based on our input: we were gathering for friendship, we were feeling humorous, we were in the company of lovers (snicker)...our toast: "Here's to my sweetheart's eyes, Those homes of emotion. Oh, how they make me think. I like them sad. I prefer them glad. But I love them when they wink."
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,7/22/2013,38,241,,5,4>Everything we had was very good.  This is definitely an improvement for the space.  The burger was one of the better ones I have had recently.  The wings were huge.  The garbage fries was one of the best appetizers I have ever had.  The service was outstanding and they really seemed to care whether we enjoyed it or not.  We did!  I want to go back and try the fish fry.  They have some great specials too!
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2012,7/21/2013,49,307,3,4,3>After an absence of a couple of months, and worry that they had moved to the north side permanently, Pho Hai Tuyet is back with a 2nd location. This new location is much, MUCH better than then 27th street location. This place is huge, and if it catches on again, like it has on the North side, the dining room will consistently be full of happy customers. I still love the vermicelli bowl. It has rice noodles, and a salad with lettuce, bean sprouts, cucumber, peanuts, scallions, and is topped with a meat of your choice. Instead of meat, I choose the version topped with 3 egg rolls. The accompanying sauce is a sweet fish sauce with grated carrots. The food is fresh and healthy.The bubble drinks are fruit smoothies, served with fat straws and balls of tapioca. They have some really great flavor choices, my favorite is the avocado. Service is hit or miss, but overall, the staff is very friendly. It looks like they are setup for Karoake, that would be really cool! (hint hint)
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,7/20/2013,129,308,,5,4>I am surprised to see that I haven't written a review for the Oriental yet. I went to go and see a 12:00 movie on Saturday, and after not finding a partner interested in wasting precious hours of sunshine with me, I ventured to the East Side alone. No biggie. Normally it is very difficult to find parking, but I snagged the very closest spot to the theater. I was happy to see that it only costs 50 cents for an entire hour of parking, but frustrated to see it was 1 hour parking only. My movie was over two hours. However, upon inquiry the teller informed me of this awesome service they have called Meter Maid. If you give them the location and make of your vehicle, and the correct coins, they will go and feed your meter so you don't have to leave your movie. I thought it was such a great idea, and really made me feel at ease and relaxed during my cinematic experience. They serve hard liquor and beer, which is nice, I spilled four bucks for a PBR, but hey, it's not every day I take myself on a date. On Saturdays and Sundays the first show of the day is discounted from $10 to $7.50, which was a nice surpise. I got a stuffed pretzel, a beer and a movie ticket for under $20.00 The screen was on the small side, and the arms on the chairs don't go up, but those aren't the sorts of thing you go to the oriental in search of, The staff is friendly, they always have the movies I can't find anywhere else, and the prices are great. They even offer yeast to sprinkle on your popcorn - which if you just scoffed, you clearly haven't tried it!I am seeing an author talk and book signing here tonight too, nice mixture of events. I definitely recommend checking this place out if you haven't already!
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,7/19/2013,87,301,3,4,4>Full disclosure: I'd avoided CGC until today because of the mixed reviews on Yelp and because of having been a MCC loyalist.  HOWEVER, it was approximately 4:45pm, I needed (craved would be an understatement) something sweet, and I was on the opposite end of town from MCC and wouldn't have made their 5pm closing time.  Enter Classy Girl, who stays open until 6 pm.  I wasn't interested in the cheesecake cupcakes today, so I directed my attention to the cake cupcakes.  I picked up a small variety and, so far, the bananas foster and salted caramel ones have been awesome.  The cake was definitely not dry -- which I was a little concerned about since I went toward the end of the business day -- so perhaps they changed their recipes or at least read all the Yelp reviews noting that.  Super moist and fresh-tasting, and the frosting is delicious -- not *too* sweet and not so crazy that you have to figure out how to eat it without it all falling off.  For $2 each, the cupcakes are a little cheaper than competitors' prices, but I wish they had the mini-size available for walk-in purchases.  Then I wouldn't feel so self-conscious about, er, wanting to sample so many flavors... for Yelp's sake... right?  To ensure proper reviewing, I'll return and try the other delicious flavors that didn't end up in my kitchen today.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,7/18/2013,66,228,3,6,3>Cosmos Cafe was a great discovery for us. It is a small, low-key restaurant tucked away from North Avenue that we passed almost every single day. Then, our Greek friend recommended that we try it, so we figured, if a Greek person is recommending it, it must be good...Turns out, she was right! It was delicious, reasonably priced, and the kind of place that you could go to for comfort food, or to try something new. They serve both in-house (very casual and appropriate for those with kids) and do carry-out. When I think of take-out, I normally expect greasy, unhealthy foods, but my falafel sandwich was fresh, not overly fried, and delicious. My boyfriend rates the gyro he ate as one of his favorite meals since arriving into Milwaukee. Cosmos Cafe is a must-try.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,7/17/2013,65,155,3,4,4>I got piles of Penzey's spices from my mother-in-law for Christmas and then another stash from my dad for my wedding.Once you go Penzey's, you never go back.I'm hooked, and I'm not afraid to admit it.  The store smells amazing, and I could have stayed for hours.  Sign up for the newsletter - you get a free bottle of spice every month.The only thing I don't understand is that they don't refill the bottle - leaving you with a bunch of plastic bags.Ah well...I still love it.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,7/16/2013,47,107,4,5,6>Quite possibly the most unique, genuinely good time I've had in Milwaukee.This tiny little piano bar made me reconsider every other 5-star rating I've given out thus far on Yelp. I've had to demote some of my favorite hot spots to 4-stars because they simply can not compete with Angelo's.I went with my sisters on a Friday night, some time shortly after 10 o'clock.  To my surprise, this place was absolutely dead...not at all what I was expecting. There were a few older Italian gentlemen staggered around the bar, one playing piano, and one singing. For just ONE SECOND I felt like we were intruding. This place gives off a small town, locals-only, family owned bar vibe. By that I mean you can tell that these guys are here every single night doing what they do. After that first moment of "do I belong here" nervousness, I was blown away. There is a man here, a local legend rumor has it, who is one of the richest most beautiful tenors I've ever heard. From the second he opened his mouth I knew that this would not be a typical night.So for the first 5-10 minutes of our visit, we just sat, ordered drinks, and enjoyed listening to these men sing (everyone of them has an outstanding voice). After a few minutes they were laughing, joking, and drinking with us as though we'd been friends for years.  They had an easy enough time convincing my older sister Jess and I into singing songs of our own (hers was good, mine was atrocious).  I suppose you need to know that this is not something we would normally do, but Angelo's has a way about it. You feel safe and warm. You feel compelled to relax and just have a good time. The evening ended (for us) with a song from the owner (this awesome Italian man in a 3 piece, all black suit. legendary), and one last serenade from the local legend. Long story short, this place is incredible. I had an amazing time, lots of laughs, good drinks (for cheaper than you're going to find most other places), and a completely unique experience in a city that I thought I couldn't possibly love more. Personal favor. If you go out to get hammered, yell and scream, get in fights, talk nonstop about absolutely nothing...don't go here. I'm sure these older men would have no problem throwing you out, but I genuinely do not want that stress on their shoulders.  If however you like to go out, hear some great music and possibly even share some beautiful music of your own...then I hope to see you there soon.Especially if you're a babe.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,7/15/2013,70,316,2,4,6>Great Italian-style pizza - fresh mozz and not too much of it. Crisp bottom of the crust that gives way to a slightly chewy middle. The margherita is amazing. The bread knots are so good. I love that they put aside a few days each month were charity groups can come in and work as servers - a portion of that day's proceeds and all the tips go to the charity. It gets all kinds of new customers in for them and makes great money for the charity. They share so much with Ristorante Bartolotta what with the proximity, so you get all the same ingredients and recipes at a fraction of the price. You can also get frozen pizza and frozen dough, which is nice.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2011,5/18/2011,21,88,,3,2>Beer and shuffle-puck. How can you go wrong with that?Stubby's is a great hangout bar and a group of friends to get some food, drink and watch a game. It's a casual bar, but don't take that to the Milwaukee ideal of a dive bar.The restaurant is spacious and clean with a large bar and many tables. Most importantly... BIG BUCK HUNTER AND SHUFFLE-PUCK!The most impressive part of Stubby's is the beer list. I'd guess around 40 or so. I was quite impressed. From the food standpoint, it was solid too. I had the Fish Fry with sweet potato waffle fries. I actually like it better than Lakefront! Now that's saying something.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2011,5/17/2011,135,158,2,3,2>This place is the perfect small, private, and very knowledgeable liquor store.  They have a very selective selection.  The one thing I love is that even if they don't have what you want, you can talk to the staff, explain it, and they will help you find something similar.  They are very knowledgeable and know their products!
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,5/16/2011,21,177,,3,2>One of our favorites in Milwaukee.  Dinner is outstanding, but I actually prefer lunch or Sunday brunch for the views of the lake out of the back room.  The bistro steak and frites are always a crowd favorite.  Leave room for dessert -- they often have homemade ice creams and sorbets.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,5/15/2011,87,184,,2,3>After moving back from Madison recently, I was THRILLED to read about Blue's Egg. It is ridiculous, that in a city as large as Milwaukee, there is such a dearth of good, independent breakfast/brunch places (for reasonable prices) on the West-ish side of town. We do not have this problem in Madison, where there is Monty's and Daisy's and a number of other great options.... And really, could it get any better than being a Maxie's progeny? Well, not really! Blue's is a great restaurant. I've been twice with a good friend and both times the service has been warm and efficient, exactly what you want in the morning. Also, there is coffee if you have to wait a bit (which is possible even on a weekday at 9:30 am, we found). The food, well, it's great too. On my first visit I ordered some sort of southwest scrambler with Turkey chorizo and veggies. I liked my food, but I LOVED my friend's delicious mushroom omelet, which was covered in an amazing sauce whose name escapes me. There are a number of nice touches. A nicely presented water pitcher left at the table, fast coffee refills (with great coffee), grapes for pre-meal snacking, homemade jam for your toast or biscuit, and generous portions. Also, they have the best pancakes I have probably ever eaten. They are thick and almost crispy on the outside, fluffy inside. Yum. On my last visit, my friend ordered a breakfast salad, which came with a large plate of mixed greens, bacon, radishes and eggs, either on top or the side. Very delicious. I can't wait to go back in a few weeks!
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2010,5/14/2011,147,87,3,4,3>so excited to see Alterra open in Shorewood!  The cafe is unique compared to their other locations - alot more loungy and couchy and community table oriented.  They also have fresh ground coffee pour over service which you have to try - world class coffee my friends.  Full breakfast and lunch menu, Wifi = HOME RUN!
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,5/13/2011,21,153,1,2,2>This place is amazing!Don't think so? Just wait - your eyes will adjust.I enjoyed my first visit to Bryant's when out for a small birthday celebration. There were 8 of us stopping to get a drink before dinner.  As many have said, there is not a menu. If you don't know exactly what you want - don't worry. We had some people in our group show off because they've been researching drinks like the "Harvey Wallbanger" or the "Godfather" - so that is what they asked for. I simply told our wonderful bartender that I would like an icecream drink and I added that I would not like anything that tasted too strong and that I hate vodka. He went on to ask if I liked chocolate and I said yes!  What came to me was an amazing chocolate shake with all sorts of wonderful flavors including a hint of brandy. It was lovely and yummy. Our drinks all cost between $9 and $11.Also, the music was lovely, smooth, perfect.Not only would I recommend this place, but I will be back!
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,5/12/2011,37,169,2,6,2>The full gym has only been open for three days but I absolutely love it!  Gold's has really "upped" the standard for downtown gyms.  The friendly & personable staff and great equipment makes me look forward to working out.  Milwaukee has long needed a well equipped gym downtown!Granted it hasn't been that crowded the past days because they just opened the full gym but with five floors of cardio and weight equipment, I'm sure they can handle the "after work" rush.  It even seems the free valet parking (after 5:00) has upped their game for Gold's members.  There's lots of cardio equipment and the top floor is filled with free weights and selectorized equipment.  You can easily spend two hours just working out and trying out all the equipment.  Great job, Golds!  Welcome to downtown!
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2011,5/11/2011,155,417,2,4,3>Maxie's is a lively, fun place with excellent food. We thought we were smart by getting there on the early side, since they don't take reservations, but the wait would have been long. About 45 minutes for a table for two and I overheard people saying the wait would be about 2 hours for parties of 4 and up. This was a busy Saturday, though, between Mardi Gras and St. Patrick's day, so that definitely had something to do with it. We found two spots at the bar and after a quick discussion, decided to just eat there. Our service there was fantastic. I think our bartender's name was Sam and he was so great, friendly, and funny. One of my favorite things about Maxie's is that instead of serving boring bread before the meal, they serve the sweetest, most delicious corn bread with a honey apple butter. I got a tasty Lime Ricky and the BBQ organic tofu sandwich. The portions are large and my sandwich came with a generous serving of cajun waffle fries. My husband got a side of sweet potato fries and the three bean cassoulet. His only disappointment was that the cassoulet was a special and not a regular item on the menu!It's a must to save room for dessert! We ate way too much and had to pass but wish I had more room for it.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2010,5/10/2011,38,141,3,6,3>I ordered Korean take out and was horrified when they told me that a side of kimchi could not be ordered for carry out. I ran out the door and grabbed my phone and googled Asian grocery stores. I found three, and did the best I could to find a good one. I decided on this place. This is the cleanest Asian market I have ever been to! It is a bit small, but I just have to keep reminding myself to be grateful to even have an Asian market, given that I am in Milwaukee. I'm not confident that I would be able to find absolutely everything that I might need to make some of the Asian foods that I sometimes make, but it does offer a variety of the pretty standard Asian ingredients. There is a fresh produce section, a non-food section, and a station where you can buy freshly made papaya salad. I bought a small bag of sweet rice and some kimchi. I would have looked around a bit more if I had more time. I'll just have to make another trip back there sometime. For those people from California, Atlanta, or any of those other places that have palatial Asian markets (such as H Mart), get over it, you are in Milwaukee. This little place is nice and might just do the job.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2011,5/9/2011,313,188,1,2,3>This Place is the Bomb!... Shelter. As you can tell by the name. Hands down or up the best beer bar in Milwaukee. Sure I've probably not been to every single one, but after coming here I dont have to... They have a selection of over 300 bottles and that is really all you need to know. Obviously there is something for everyone even if you only drink Miller Chill or Becks. But if you do appreciate a good big boy beer then you will be in heaven. Im a totally hope head and I managed to find something that rivaled Bells Hopslam, that beer is called Lupulin Maximus. Its an imperial pale ale from Oso. It was amazing. Mine actually had a Hop flower in the bottle... Just go here and drink. Now. And invite me along.
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,12/22/2011,32,100,4,3,2>I' m too damn old to be buying books, and I'm trying but failing to give old ones away as fast as buy new ones, or at least to look for books on Kindle and IBooks, but I'm a retired English professor, so I still can't resist a used book store, and t bought new bookcases just last year.  I find it hard to pass a Half Price Books location without stopping for a few minutes (i.e., half an hour to an hour).   The Greenfield location (just north of Southridge Mall) is a favorite of mine, since there is also a Barnes and Noble across the street, allowing one to waste even more time browsing for books.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2011,12/21/2011,127,111,4,7,2>I can't lie. I'm not a Zarletti fan. I've never had an awesome experience at their restaurants and I did cringe a little when I found out Chef Brad left one of my favorite restaurants for Stubby's. I HAD to go. Chef Brad is INCREDIBLE and his cooking style fits my taste perfectly. The day I found out where he was, I went for a late dinner with a friend.For me, their menu leaves much to be desired, but I've been reassured that Chef Brad will be changing things up... He's already tackled their brunch menu and I'm eager to try that one weekend.Brad recognized me and knowing my vegetarian/seafood only diet, whipped something together for me - and just like usual, I LOVED it. Wahoo with a mushroom-artichoke risotto. Brad's fish preparation is always simple and JUST done enough so that the inside is warm, but still soft and melty. This was no exception.The atmosphere at Stubby's leaves something to be desired for me - especially with such a talented chef on-site. I'm hoping the addition of Brad will continue some changes to Stubby's (although their beer choices are excellent and leave nothing to be desired - except maybe more knowledgeable bartenders) menu and events. In this case, I'm chef-loyal and have been fortunate to witness Brad's evolution in the local restaurant scene. I will definitely try Stubby's again as their menu evolves and have been very eager to push friends & family there in the past 24 hours. Stubby's has a diamond in their kitchen; let's just hope they let him do what he does best: affordable, high-quality food with incredible flavors and wonderful preparation.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2011,12/20/2011,265,357,,6,3>Great outdoors store.We rented Kayaks and a Canoe through them and spent a day on the river with friends, they allow half day or full day rentals - just remember if you go downstream you have to paddle all the way back (whoa, tiring!).  It was so much fun and I highly recommend. They have their own dock that you enter the river from and they help you get your Kayak/Canoe in the water.  There is nothing better than winding through the city by Kayak.  I think it is a must for anyone who lives here or is visiting.  We went all the way to the Milwaukee Art Museum's harbor, docked our kayaks and walked to lunch downtown.  So much fun!  I also love their outdoor gear and shoes.  They sell some great winter coats, although very pricey (the one I was looking at was $250).  That said, I think it's worth it if you can fork over that kinda cash, they are durable, layered, and wind/water proof.  Unless you are anti-North Face, you'll like what they have.  I also am a fan of Laacke & Joys because they sell Deet insect repellent and Permethrin clothing spray.  I will be journeying to Malaysia in a couple weeks and I need some effective repellent that will kill bugs that carry all kinds of funky diseases.  I bought a brand they carry called "Ben's" which contains 30% Deet.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,12/18/2011,42,146,4,4,4>I felt incredibly comfortable here, not only because of the company I was with, just because it is a very cozy place.  I read some reviews, they said to get to artichoke dip, I did.  And glad I was, it was fantastic.  Spicy, artichoky, deliciousness. Great beer selection, and it was a fill in staff that was knowledgable and polite.  Can't wait to go back again to sample more food and atmosphere.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,12/17/2011,16,121,2,4,1>I've wanted to come to this place for-ev-er. My mom had a gift card, my friends had all come here, and...the hype I made during the wait was satisfactorily filled.The parking lot was crowded but we got seated right away. The noise level was very high, which was sort of strange but easy to get over because as you eat your huge meal, there's no talking anyway.The waitress was nice and continually brought us nachos all night. The salsa is moderately spicy, not mild by any means. Our margaritas were huge and strong but tasted perfect.Our meals were all huge with hefty portions of sides of rice and beans. We were all happy with what we ordered, which was a variety from enchilladas to tostadas to chimichangas to steak.After, we had fried ice cream, which was huge. Between us three, we barely finished it. It was amazing.Our experience was delightful and the long wait for me was soooo worth it.
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2011,12/16/2011,26,423,2,2,2>Great place to take out of towner's for some good beers, fried cheese curds and fun!  Head to the back for the nail game...  challenging before the beer/cheese/brats!
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,12/15/2011,46,82,2,3,2>Annnnndddd ... this is my new favorite restaurant. I went here for dinner and brunch and both meals were superb. Café Benelux has a relaxed vibe, an awesome rooftop section, and incredibly friendly staff. We went to dinner on a Thursday night and I ordered the turkey avocado wrap, which was both refreshing and spicy. For brunch we went on a Saturday and sat on the roof (which was spectacular) and I ordered the BELT (incredibly tasty ... but incredibly messy).  Both meals I enjoyed some Trocadero Brut.I'm so happy that this place isn't pretentious, doesn't have sucky food or service, and opens at 8:00 a.m. for breakfast. This place is definitely going to give Wicked Hop a run for its money. You'll find me perched on the rooftop of Café Benelux for the rest of the summer.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2011,12/14/2011,87,301,4,6,4>My husband and I visited INdustri Cafe this morning. We had purchased the cafe's recent Groupon and figured we'd check out the brunch menu. We arrived shortly after 11 am and were promptly seated at a table. INdustri Cafe has a fairly extensive bar selection. My husband ordered a Solomon Juneau from Milwaukee Brewing Company ($5) while I opted for the iced tea ($2.50 with complimentary refills). Guests near us enjoyed a variety of drinks, including mimosas and impressive-looking Bloody Marys. As we waited for our food, the server brought around complimentary crunchy breadsticks with gourmet butters. Nice touch. For a starter, we ordered the Polish Sausage and Fried White Cheddar Curd Mini-kabobs ($8.50). They. Were. Awesome. We would order these again any time of day. Served on pretzel sticks and with a side of honey mustard, they were the perfect balance of sweet and salty. We definitely recommend them. My husband ordered the Breakfast Burger ($9.95), covered with bacon, cheddar, and egg. He enjoyed it, with the only suggestion for improvement to be a bit more cheese. I ordered the Turkey and Bacon Frittata ($8.29), which was a heaping pile of deliciousness consisting of turkey, bacon, egg, light onions and peppers, potatoes, and cheddar cheese. The portion size was more than generous, and I sadly had to leave some behind. Overall, our bill came out to about $36 with tax- not bad for two people with drinks and an appetizer. The venue is a very cool space surrounded by neighboring warehouses. They definitely captured the industrial feel.  Everything was very clean and fresh-looking. Our server was friendly and helpful.  We managed to be in and out within an hour without feeling rushed.  We plan to return in the evening sometime as it seems like a great spot for a weekend out or post-work cocktails.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,12/13/2011,66,197,3,2,3>UPGRADE!!! Went with my little brother for Brunch last Sunday and found it my experience to be generally pleasing.  As is the case with this place on Sundays, it was packed.  I started my meal with the blood orange mojito, a great brunch drink if you don't want the super-sweetness of a mimosa.  The fruit was very fresh and you could definitely tell that the mint leaves were also fresh.We started off with the cone of mini sugar donuts, which I highly recommend for a group of three or more.  They're basically large, fried donut holes that are covered with sugar and cinnamon.  Dip it with into that berry cream cheese and it'll definitely generate some conversation amongst the table.  I really enjoyed it. Beware of the double-dippers though.For my meal I ordered the breakfast tacos.  Was it good? Well let's just say that I've never had a chorizo-based dish that I didn't like.  I don't know whose idea it was to put chorizo, those tasty rosemary potatoes, scrambled eggs, cheese, and some sort of mole in a tortilla - but this person needs to be revered as a visionary and given a raise.  Great dish.I must say that this upgrade has been long overdue.  I've been here several times since my last review for dinner and haven't gotten around to updating. I love the Gastroburger (which I feel is one of the best burgers in Milwaukee) and the Korean beef tacos is an awesome value for your money.  Add a side of those amazing sweet potato fries with a glass of pinot and you'll walk out with a big smile on your face.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,12/12/2011,27,57,4,7,5>Bunzel's is the best. The meats they carry are top notch. If I was a cow, I'd come here to check out the sexy ribeyes, strips, filets, and other prime cuts. And I do mean prime. It's nearly impossible to find anything above USDA Choice at your local grocery store, but Bunzel's always has at least a few cuts available at USDA Prime. Can't beat it. One note: If you have a hankerin' for a steak on a weeknight, leave work a little early because the store closes at 5:30 most weekdays (1:30 on Tuesdays).
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2011,4/17/2011,280,856,,8,3>The Best N.Y. Strip I've Ever Had.The plus:The service is amazing! Our waitress (and I'll name her here only because I think it's warranted) Marie was an absolute DOLL. She knew how to check in with my love and I without interrupting. She knew the menu well and asked how the steaks were cooked minutes after we tried them. Good timing.The STEAK is carnivore ecstasy! We both ordered 20 ounce New York Strips ($41) and loved them. Meat eater heater. Bovine divine. These steaks were char-broiled with sauteed mushrooms and standing in a pool of juice (I'd guess worcestershire sauce and molten steak fat). It could have been soaking in Pennzoil and still tasted good.The crab-stuffed mushroom caps were tasty and served from the start individually by our waitress. Tasty but $10 is a bit pricey.My leftover steak was packed in a wait for it... plastic bag. Maybe the staff knows that polystyrene (STYROFOAM) takes 500 years to break down in a landfill. Bring on the small plastic bag wrapped in a paper bag that's environmentally friendly.The minus:Iceberg lettuce (zero nutrition) heavy dinner salad. I'm sure most people wouldn't judge a place based on their salad but I do. I want some color in my salad, just sayin'.No beers on tap. I know their Sports Club location has beer on tap and our waitress was really accommodating to my beer geeking self but I would have loved to sample local beers on tap.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,4/16/2011,75,134,1,3,3>Enjoyed my visit to Pastiche immensely. The server was incredibly well-informed about the food and the wine menu, and the chef/owner stopped by our table to chat. While the carmelized onion tart and frittes appetizers were good, it was the special I ordered (beef cheek with vegetables in a traditional savory wine sauce) that was incredible. Definitely looking forward to another visit, though I'm told that lunch is a better value than dinner, with most dishes coming in similar or more manageable portions than their dinner counterparts, but for around $10-12 a plate.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2011,4/15/2011,52,90,,3,3>I love this place! Great food and drinks. The iced teas are really refreshing. The food is fresh and delicious! I love the free appetizers and lunch comes with free dessert (flan). We just had the paella and it was good. We live so close... So will be back.. Service was great too. I have nothing bad to say about this place.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,4/14/2011,6,20,,2,2>First visit on a Wednesday evening.  Here are the hits and misses.Hit - Bruchetta.  Wonderful!  Flavorful.  Loved the red onion. Tomatoes were great even for being "out of season."Hit - PENNE CON SALSICCIA.  Comfort food at its finest.  A very simple dish using top notch ingredients.  Lovely.Hit - The crusty italian bread to dip into the sauce of my main entree.  YUMMY.Hit - Helpful & friendly server.  Great recommendations.Miss - Very close seating arrangement gives me a eye level view of the servers rearends. I felt a bit cramped.  Not much space in between tables.  Miss - During a cool "spring" evening, the cool air blew in on us when patrons entered and didn't close the door behind them. If the hostess was nearby she was conscious to make sure it was close, when she wasn't nearby the door remained open.  My husband got up once to close the door.We will definetly be back.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,4/13/2011,18,20,3,8,6>Holy. Buckets. If you think you've had great Irish food, you have never been to County Clare! DO. EET. NAO.This weekend County Clare kicked off a Sat/Sun brunch option, so I brought my mom here for her birthday. What an amazing day! We arrived right around 11, so there really weren't many people around. We left about 12:30, and it really started to fill in by then! We were never hurried along, and our waiter, Will, had a most pleasant mix of Midwestern and Irish accents. He was very attentive and fun.My mom opted for corned beef hash, which was filled with meat, potatoes, an amazing mix of spices, piled on top of bread, with an egg on top. I tried a little bit of hers twice. It was absolutely wonderful. I've never had something so ridiculously flavorful and delicious. She thoroughly enjoyed it, and brought most of it home!For a drink she had a Bloody Mary. However, these are no ordinary drinks. $8 a pop, but it comes complete with a beef stick, potato, celery stalk, olive, pickle, and I think one or two other things. It's pretty much a meal itself! I didn't try the drink, but the beef stick was delightful, and what I got from the drink was tasty.I ordered a "Wedge o' De Isle"  meat option, which ended up being a sizable pie-like slice of egg with ham and onion inside, topped with melted cheese and caramelized onions. On the side I also got "squeek and bubbly," a type of mashed potato that's pan-fried, and Irish bread of some type. Absolutely phenomenal!! Some of it had gotten a pinch cold, but the food was absolutely fantastic, and I ate every last bit of it. The flavors were very bright and complementary, and I would've had more if it came! There is a vegetarian option for those out there.To drink I had "Lilt," a pineapple and grapefruit soda. It was $2 for a can, YIKES, but it was actually quite good! It used natural sugar as well, so it didn't have the gross corn syrup texture I try to avoid. I don't know that I'd pay for it again, but it was quite yummy! Again, imported from the isle itself, so I can see why it might be marked up.Both came with sides of fruit, which I wish I knew since I don't eat the stuff, would've told them to keep it! However, it looked VERY fresh and pretty.Our tab came up to right about $31, not bad considering our beverages alone were $10. You absolutely cannot go wrong with the quality of food you get here!! I will definitely be coming again to try more food, I can't say enough great things about it.After the meal, my mom and I snagged some tea and coffee. There is free Alterra coffee and Barry's Tea, bags imported from Ireland. The tea was really delicious, and I didn't even add sugar, as I often do. My mom was very happy with the coffee. Do note that it's free, and is available at any time during brunch.The interior is very clean, bathrooms were nice, and all of the stuff is extremely helpful and very attentive. The decor is beautiful, with very wonderful quotes all around. The staff's t-shirts also have some funny sayings on the back. I parked across the street in the Astor Hotel parking lot. I'm not sure what their policy is on days that are not Sunday, but it was free and I did not receive a ticket or angry eyes.Overall, you get an astounding value for what you pay! You MUST make a weekend date for this place, it absolutely will not disappoint. Brunch is Saturdays & Sundays from 11 - 3.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,4/12/2011,0,8,1,2,3>We recently purchased a car from IA and it was a great experience.  We spent an entire Saturday test driving cars, from BMW's to Audi's.  The sales people were more than accommodating and helped guide us in the right direction.  We ended up working with Bob Joblonski in the Audi area and he was great.  Informative but not pushy.  He spent hours with us and we knew that we made the right decision. Bob is the kind of car dealer you want to work with. He's honest, great personality, and knowledgeable about his product and how it compares to other autos there. Similar to Brandon H., the finance person and the dealer manager also helped us and were just at great to work with as Bob. I definitely recommend this group and will absolutely make a future purchase with them.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,4/11/2011,12,27,,4,2>I had a good feeling about Bosley the minute I stepped into the restaurant. It reminds me of what a house decorated by some artsy, middle-aged socialite might look like. In other words, while said lady can justify putting flashy colors and paintings all over her walls, the place still has class. If you're looking for local comparisons, I'd maybe put Bosley in roughly the same category as Buckley's, Zarletti or Roots. The service was above average. The hostess and bartender were pros and the food and drink were delivered at the perfect pace.While the other parts of the experience were 4- or 5-star worthy, the food was closer to a 3.5. They gave each person an amuse-bouche, which was basically a nice bruschetta, plus a basket of warm bread from Sciortino's Bakery. Don't bother with the Crab & Artichoke dip, which we ordered as an appetizer and, well, mehhhh. My girlfriend ordered and enjoyed the Shrimp & Grits plate. I liked my Seafood Symphony entree: a mushroom risotto topped with samplings of shrimp, spicy grouper, salmon and a scallop. The scallop was the best part, and the grouper was a close second. Our dessert--a Chocolate Ganache--was nothing special. Next time, I'll get the Key Lime Pie, which is their special.It's a small place altogether, or at least it seems that way. I recommend taking a date or a handful of close friends to Bosley. I'm anxious to go back in the summer to eat outside with friends.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,4/10/2011,2,13,,3,3>My mom threw a baby shower (about 15 people total) here for my husband and me on a Sunday afternoon.  I found the place by searching for "Milwaukee's best brunch places" and this place came up in several reviews.According to my mom, the staff was super great to work with in choosing the menu, arranging the tables, decorating, and so on.  The wait staff was very attentive to our party and did their best to accommodate us.The food was outstanding, too.  Like I mentioned, the menu was set beforehand by my mom, and it was delicious.  We had a fresh fruit cup and cranberry nut bread for an appetizer, then they brought out the vegetable souffle with perfectly cooked bacon and a small salad with light dressing.  We were able to choose from an array of drinks (regular and decaf lattes, coffee, juice, and mimosas), and I had a delicious decaf latte.  We also had dessert served--the most moist carrot cake I've ever had.  It was simply outstanding.I would recommend this place for a shower, but you'd have to keep it small.  It's not the best place for groups, but the staff did their best to accommodate our party.  The food makes its location worth the drive!
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,4/9/2011,3,16,1,5,3>I found Oleg through Yelp and I'm more than satisified. Like almost everyone my jeans just never seem to fit right. They're always too tight or too loose or they're too something or not enough of something else. So I took two of my favorite jeans into Oleg's shoppe. He put a chalk mark here, a chalk mark there. I remember thinking to myself, "Is that really it?" worried that that wouldn't be enough to make the waist fit perfectly. He laughed and commiserated when I said, "No, seriously, you can take them in more than it seems. I had a huge dinner last night." A week and a half later I slipped them on they fit like a dream. He's a master of his craft.For having a button replaced and a couple pairs of jeans taken in the total was under $50 and worth every penny.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,4/8/2011,6,26,3,5,3>My husband and I have brought his '98 Pontiac Grand Am into Fazio's many times. They've always worked quickly and stuck to their original quote (if not cheaper) every time. No surprises, and the problem has always been fixed the first time. That alone would be enough for a stellar review. But a few weeks ago his car was making an awful, loud, squeaking noise in the back passenger wheel well. The noise was SO loud, we were certain this was a HUGE problem and would be a HUGE financial hit. After Fazio's had it a day, they contacted my husband and told him it was nothing serious at all - a rather large rust build-up in the wheel well, but that was it. They cleaned off the rust and sent us on our way. The noise was gone, and it cost us basically nothing. We were ready to believe anything was wrong with that car, and would have paid for repairs not knowing any better. I'm very thankful Fazio's is not only a top-quality shop, but an HONEST one too!
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,6/14/2013,9,39,2,3,2>YOOOOOOOOOOO MAMA!!!  Is soo..... good. lol Alot of my clients from work have told me this is one of the best yogurts in the city and I believe it! :) Pros: great decor, clean, fresh fruits and many yogurt flavors to try! Also very kid friendly.. They have a little section for kids to draw and hang up their art work. Con: I can't think of any! Lol
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,6/13/2013,17,64,,5,4>My boyfriend and I visited VIA Downer on a Wednesday night for a little mid-week date night. It was pretty full for a weeknight, which is fine by me because I love to see local businesses getting supported!I decided to get a drink, because all martinis were $5. I selected the pear martini, which had my favorite liqueur in it (St. Germaine). It was really quite strong, which is refreshing because at certain bars "specials" are often significantly less alcoholic. For an appetizer, we chose the smoked salmon crostini. It was a nice, crusty bread with goat cheese spread, smoked salmon, and dill on top. Yum, I recommend it. We shared two pizzas: the thai chicken and the verde. The verde has avocado, garlic sauce, and cheese. It stole the show. The thai chicken was okay, but I probably wouldn't get it again. The peanut sauce tasted a bit off to me, and it's not spicy, which I'm used to when enjoying a thai-themed meal. The atmosphere is romantic and cozy, with an urban vibe splashed in. It's a lovely place to go with a date or a group of friends. I hear they have good lunch specials, as well as some solid dinner and drink deals. Check it out!
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,6/12/2013,12,62,2,7,3>This is a great grocery store for exploring.  I'm no expert in Asian cookery, but I love to wander through here and buy some ingredients just to go home and experiment.This is my go-to grocer for:-duck eggs-lemongrass-an assortment of chile pastes and sauces-rice & bean noodles-fermented shrimp paste, etc-interesting fruits, such as rambutan and dragon fruit.  I've also seen durian here.-lots of interesting greens-inexpensive seafood (I recommend  using the same day as you buy it...)They usually have kimchi that you can buy.I recently purchased all of the ingredients to make a green curry paste (from scratch) here.  If you're not that ambitious, no worries - I've purchased plenty of ready to go items, such as pre-made curry pastes and canned rambutan fruit...and it's all been very tasty!Also, I recently experimented with a variety of packaged sweets - lotus flower candy, and a sesame peanut thing.  I can't say either was to my liking, but I tried them.  What was a big hit with both me and my husband was the sweetened and salted tamarind pods.There is also an extensive frozen food section that I want to explore for some "ready made" foods...Much of the staff doesn't speak English.  When I'm looking for something in particular, I usually have a picture of the item on my iPhone and ask someone.  So far, that's worked every time.  Go, explore, have fun!  There is also a Pho restuarant in the same plaza, around the corner.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,6/11/2013,92,265,2,4,5>Cielito Lindo has been a fixture on my bookmarks for the past 10 months. I finally visited a few Fridays ago when the missus offered to take me to dinner for a date night. Turned out to be an excellent choice!House chips and salsa = the bomb.Service = Excellent -- quick greeting, water/drinks offered right awayFood = Man, was it tasty. I absolutely devoured a plate of green enchiladas, rice + beans and had to close it out with a beef taco (gringo style, i.e. lettuce + tomato). Funny moment: couple a fellas at the bar ordered fajitas -- which looked and smelled amazing. The smoke ended up choking up the majority of the patrons who were dining in, leading to a coughing fit -- had to open a door to ventilate, but it was hard not to laugh at the clearly embarrassed staff reactions! Had we not been finished, this could have put a damper on the meal, but we shook it off and added this to our list of places to revisit.I remain intrigued by their late hours -- this could be my jam after a late night out!Solid flavor throughout the meal, though I probably shouldn't have added the taco chaser. So good, I ate leftovers the next day! That's the mark of a truly good Mexican restaurant: can I eat it the next day and still have the same flavor explosion? Ceilito Lindo fits the bill. We'll be back for sure.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,6/10/2013,117,277,5,11,6>Holy mother of BBQ, Batman. Before Sunday, I wasn't that big of a BBQ fan. I would eat it, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it. Then Ashley's happened, and now all I want is more. We ordered a bunch of 1/2 and 1/2 platters so that we could get a sampling of everything. Unfortunately, they were out of brisket...so no thoughts on that.The shoulder cut is the best thing EVER. It's amazing. I'm not a fan of ribs and rib tips in general - they're just too much work for my liking, but man-oh-man. I could cuddle up in a bed of that shoulder meat and just eat and sleep there for the rest of my life and that would be perfect. I was digging through all of the styrofoam boxes for the last little bits of it when we were all done. We ordered our food to go, and reheated some in the oven later - and it stayed perfectly moist and tender. So. Good.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,6/9/2013,41,168,,4,4>One of my favorite places to visit as a kid. The dinosaur exhibit will blow any 5 year old's mind - or at least it did for me!Also to this day, I still love wandering the streets of old Milwaukee and stopping in the candy shoppe. I recently went to MPM for a company outing. It was a great event for employees and kids alike!
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,6/8/2013,62,119,,4,4>I finally got the chance to check out this place! I must say I think some of the reviews for this place was being harsh on this new river west establishment. The menu I thought was excellent. Prices where pretty good and yes there is lots and lots of beer. So heres the info $5 initially for the growler (62 oz i believe) than all the fill ups ranged from 10 - 28 depending on milwaukee brews to fantastic german imports. Definitely worth checking out.  Now, I had the mushroom burger with goat cheese it was 1 of the best mushroom sandwiches i have had in ages. The mushroom was huge and thick and the bun was delicious. Great toppings and the fries where the perfect combination of crunchy and soft. Will be coming back for this 1. Finally the bartender I had was very knowledgeable on the types of beers and where they came from so if you need tips on what to put in your growler im sure they can help. I say good job Riverwest Filling station cant wait to come back!
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,6/7/2013,23,117,,5,3>SO GOOD! I've eaten at Jow Nai twice in the past week. The menu is fantastic - especially for a vegetarian. There's plenty of variety and I love that the menu shows an image of each item so I know exactly what I'm getting. The atmosphere is really great; it's a tiny restaurant, but it doesn't feel that way inside. It's very modern and peaceful. On the first trip, I ordered the King of Vegetarian with green curry and mixed veggies. Delicious and just the right amount of spice. I tried to sample all dishes in my party, so I can also speak highly of the Pad Thai, and the Volcano Tofu. A friend said the Crab Rangoon was the best she'd ever had, and my husband loved his super spicy curry too (I forget which one he ordered). I also had a Mai Thai which was fantastic. The waitress specified that it included all fresh ingredients. Big fan. More recently, I got a to-go order and was so appreciative of the fantastic service I received. I called in my order for spring rolls with vegetarian "meat" and Fat Noodle with the same. I didn't specify that I'm vegetarian, not vegan, so after I placed the order, someone called me back to check and make sure it would be OK to put egg in the Fat Noodle dish - so thoughtful! The food rocked, but I must say the spring rolls were ginormous and the rice paper split before I got them home. They were still yummy and I enjoyed them as a salad, but it would have been cooler had they been smaller and packaged better so as not to fall apart. However, that's my ONLY complaint, and it's a very minor one. So if you haven't been to Jow Nai, you should go. Like right now. Or at least grab some takeout.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,6/6/2013,50,106,,5,4>I wanted to take the time to write a nice review for the Bachrach Store in the Southridge Mall.I need a suit for a wedding at the end of the month and I had not purchased a suit since 2002 or 2003 in California.  I went to all the department stores in the mall and also to Men's Warehouse on 76th Street.  Macy's, Boston Store, JC Penny's and Men's Warehouse just didn't have the selection and customer service I received from James at Bachrach.James wasn't pushy or hawk over you like a used car salesman.  He just asked what I like and waited on me and my wife until I had tried on all the suits I wanted.  They had a 2 for 1 sale on suits.  So I put a black and navy suit on hold while we checked out the other stores.  The other stores either didn't have enough choices or the sales people didn't care enough for our business.   So I ended up going back to Bachrach to get measured up and finish my purchase.2 suits, 2 ties, and alterations were $500 and the customer service by James was spectacular.  We found out that he was the manager of the store and didn't work off commission.  I told him I was impressed with his customer service and said I'll see ya Friday when I come pick up my suits!Why pay for the snobbishness at a chain store or large department store when you can get treated like a celebrity at Bachrach and still get a great deal...James is the man.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,6/5/2013,28,102,5,2,4>I've changed my opinion of you, Ian's Pizza. After reading an article in the HuffPo where you were featured, I decided I would give you a try for some carryout. To my surprise the pizza was five kinds of awesome and huge to boot. I'm still not a fan of the way they reheat their slices, but after talking to a few people I was told that's how they do it in New York. I suppose to some people that is an automatic win in any food-related debate, since New York is apparently the flagship and origin of everything, ever. I'm still not sold on it, but their whole pies are great and I now consider myself a fan.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,8/12/2014,54,118,1,8,4>The garage doors were open wide on the beautiful morning, making me smile right away. As soon as I walked in, the bartenders invited me to sit at the bar while I waited for friends. They were attentive and chatty, which made me feel at ease rather than my usual awkwardness when in a restaurant alone. The smiley hostess talked hair tips with me while walking us to the table. I felt like I was hanging out at a friend's. As Jessica O. said, the sangria was a nice surprise. Not overly sugary, it was refreshing for morning booze. I tried little bites of everyone's dishes (this is why you brunch with fellow Yelpers) and was happily surprised by the shrimp grits. I hate grits. They are....gritty. If I wanted to eat sand-- well I just don't want to eat sand! But these weren't the typical texture I detest, with great flavor. My ramen was quite good; I was happy for the side of sriracha to add. I would have preferred more stuff in my ramen, but no real complaint here. The staff are enough to bring me back for a second visit. I'd like to get dinner or drinks here some night to experience another side of Prodigal.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2014,8/11/2014,77,42,1,5,5>I'm not a buffet person, by any means. I like to eat snacks, a dozen times throughout the day- I don't want to be filled up by one giant meal.That said, this is the greatest buffet idea, because its freakin SUSHI. you can eat loads and not feel like a big ole fatty/comatose. My only suggestion is to skip the buffet while you're waiting for your MADE TO ORDER sushi roll. that's right- any roll you want, made to order. same price. also- don't be a poohead and order more than you can eat. order one roll at a time. for one, they will charge you if you're the biggest Poohead and have loads of leftovers, plus they don't let you take any to go. but i think that might be standard for every buffet anywhere?anyways, its good. get the speciality rolls-- i.e. Godzilla.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2014,8/10/2014,40,89,3,5,3>I love all thing local!  Super friendly owner. Super friendly service. I bike past here everyday on my way to work and thought I would stop in to buy a new bike light after an awesome Monday brunch at The Noble. They have a really nice selection of bike bags, bikes--including Linus Bikes-how cool! The space is clean, cozy, well done. Odd complaint. No bike parking. I tied my Dutchie to a stop sign. The tool selection could be bigger but this is a new store and I'm guessing they need to find out the needs of the area first before overstocking. Verdict: Stop in, look around, even better buy a bike and join me on the road!  It is a great way to experience MKE! :)
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,8/9/2014,70,316,4,8,7>I once went to a VIP type meal at a local restaurant where course after course of delicious food was provided to me free of charge and all I can tell you about that meal is that it ended with Cold Spoons salted caramel gelato. After that, all else ceased to exist. It's life-alteringly good. This past trip, they had banana straciatella, which is like all my favorite things in one little bowl and then I added salted caramel and wondered why I bothered with dinner. Tuesdays they upsize you for free (So a medium is the price of a small) and just really, why are you still reading this - get in your car and go ...
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,8/8/2014,64,138,2,7,7>So glad such a quality menu is available in a friendly neighborhood diner setting. Though restaurants at this location will always be hampered by the spot's small footprint, if you can snag a booth or counter spot (or outside table in warmer months), go for it, because the menu is full of scrumptious finds. I can't seem to stop ordering their breakfast quesadilla (served all day), stuffed full or egg, avocado and bacon. Comes with the most amazing homemade tortilla chips dusted with cinnamon and sugar. Heaven. The Cuban sandwich also is a treat, and my companions (even my sometimes snobby parents) have always been pleased with the offerings here. Feel so lucky to live in Tosa with a neighborhood hang like this walking distance!
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,8/7/2014,30,246,3,5,5>Been meaning to stop in here for a long time, but the location has been the primary reason I haven't managed to for so long.Finally went last night for Team Trivia on Monday night, which we play regularly with our group.  Husband was also keen on the free bacon happy hour from 4-7 (okay, so was I), so we got there a bit early and brought our appetites. Happily surprised to see that there was also a free popcorn machine, which is always a nice touch in a bar.We sat down and were attended to promptly.  Our server filled us in on the specials and recommended some beers from their extensive collection (including telling us NOT to get some that he thought were no good, lol).  When I mentioned I'm allergic to beer, he was happy to fill me in on the ciders and hard liquor options that they had (which were ample).  I ended up with a Cider Boys peach cider, which was AWESOME and I'd never had it before.  Definitely would buy for home consumption and would get it again on tap or in a bottle while I'm out.  Now I know what to order next time we come. :)We wasted no time getting some bacon and popcorn, but we also ordered the pork wings with barbecue sauce.  I can see a bit what some other people were saying about them - I'm not sure it's an item I'd get again, but they were wrapped in bacon which was worthwhile.  The barbecue sauce was different, but still tasty.  Not your typical Sweet Baby Ray's type of sauce.  They were served with apple slices, which was a nice flavor pairing. Glad we tried them but I'll probably explore other menu items next time (like the cheesy vegetable soup or a burger or the tater tots...).  Our friends got the reuben wrap (which was ENORMOUS and very sauce-y) and the quesadilla, which looked really great as well.Later in the evening we ordered the brownie bites though, and holy mackerel - so so good.  They are the fudgiest, chewy brownie pieces, wrapped in bacon and deep-fried to crispiness then served with a melty marshmallow dipping sauce.  This is everything good, people.  It's something like $6 for 6 brownie bites, and you really only need to eat one or two.  Fantastic. I'd also like to note that the music was not too loud, nor were the TVs.  I could hear myself think and I didn't have to scream to hear my companions speak either before trivia began or during.  This is a huge plus to me, compared to a place like Brewski's where I think they must have investment money in hearing aids or something.On the Team Trivia side of things, the host was jovial and handled things well, so no complaints there. It doesn't hurt that we managed to score second place and win a $20 gift card to use next time!  And oh yes, there will be a next time.They have live music on the weekends and certain week nights, free pool from open to close on Tuesdays, plenty of games (darts, pool, DEER HUNTER, etc) and lots of TVs.  Come to watch the game, play trivia, kick around some billiard balls, or just to have a great beer.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,8/6/2014,50,106,4,7,7>My 5th stop for Lent 2014 brought me to Jackson's.  I have been wanting to go to this place since it opened and now they have 3 different locations.The size of the place is deceiving from the outside it looks like a larger place than it is; not that it is small.  Decent size lot for the actual size of the bar but there is plenty of street parking.We called ahead to see if they take reservations and they do if you have a group over 8 but they wouldn't be able to seat us till 7:45 pm and we wanted to go right after work at 6.  So we decided to play it by ear.  My charming friends were able to get us the table set up above the pool table that could have fit 14 for sure.  So a little for big groups on a Friday, ask for the pool table table.They have 5 different offerings for their Fish Fry that come with rye bread (pre-buttered) your choice of onion rings, fries, homemade chips, cottage cheese, wild rice, side salad, or fresh fruit.  They also have homemade potato pancakes with syrup or applesauce for an extra $1.00.1. Beer battered cod - 2 piece for $9.99 or 3 piece for $10.99; additional pieces are a $1.50 each.2. Broiled Cod - $12.503. Lightly dusted & fried lake perch - $13.994. Shrimp - $9.99; you can get it battered, broiled, or grilled5. Fish Sandwich - $9.99; comes with lettuce, tomato, tartar sauce, and american cheese.Most of the group either got the cod or the perch.  There was the lone person who got the wings.  My wife cod the 3 piece cod (the 3rd piece was for me) with fries and a cup of claim chowder.  I got the perch with the potato pancakes.  The cod was lightly battered and wasn't oily (almost as good as the Attebury Pub when it was open); flaky and tasty - probably the best cod I have had yet this Lenten season.  The perch was just as good - making its promise on being lightly dusted and fried.  Now I normally don't get the potato pancakes because most places over cook them.  The ones I had with applesauce are some of the best I have ever had.  Oh I guess the wings were pretty good too with my friend saying that they were some the meatiest wings he has had in town.  Plus they were good.Overall a good experience.  Service was excellent...did I also mention that they have 12 oz, 16 oz, 24 oz and 32 oz PBRs?Next time, I am gonna get a 4 piece cod with the potato pancakes.
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,8/5/2014,108,98,4,9,4>Whipped. Honey. Goat. Cheese. Butter. The place: even though we were looking for it, we did manage to walk past it .. Just by a few feet, though. I felt underdressed in jeans and a nice tshirt..but my husband didn't mind, and apparently our money was still good there. Score. It feels classy. And less crowded than crazy water. It is loud though. A true sign of popularity. We were 10 minutes early for our 7:30 reservation, but they sat us right away.The taste: Whipped. Honey. Goat. Cheese. Butter. With the bread service. So creamy and delicious. Worth $3. We started with bread, and a drink each. We shared avocado carpaccio, duck salad, foie gras, seared halibut..... And ended with the chocolate bread pudding. I didn't end up taking pictures of the food because we were so engrossed in dividing and conquering everything. Everything tasted great and was timed really well.My face: thrilled that AP is walking distance from my home. We spent $100 on dinner for 2, so I wouldn't personally go all the time, but because they change the menu with some regularity, I anticipate we will be back again soon.Even if it's just for the bread service and dessert. Yum yum yum.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,8/4/2014,46,89,1,5,5>Hofbrau does it right.  In fact, when I heard some of the other potential beer gardens in the city wouldnt sport the hofbrau, my heart sank a little.  Don't worry, it perked right back up in a milisecond thinking about beer drinking in the summer :).  I love this park in general in the summer.  Estabrook has great frisbee golfing, and a beer after doing a run through the course sounds like a perfect day.  The beer garden has only added to it all.  I will warn you though, parking can be super annoying.  Maybe enjoy a walk and park a ways down.The day we went, there was a live german band playing.  It really added to the mood.  We set up shop with our cribbage boards, and enjoyed the summer day with a few litres of bier.  I recommend you do that as well.PROST
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,8/3/2014,11,49,1,5,2>The interior was designed by the owners and 360 design. Definitely worth checking out just to see the threaded rod hung countertops and repurposed barn wood.  If you are looking for a free conference room in the west all is area with free refills on coffee this is the place.  The owners and staff are very helpful and fun to interact with.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,7/23/2014,62,119,3,10,8>:) Man for the previous known Rio West Cantina to turn into something like this is amazing. It has spawned from a div-y semi ok but mostly just drunk food eating establishment to ... Amazing! Delicious! Unique! Beer restaurant Extraordinaire!   I am so pleased I made the lunch decision to visit here quite possibly the best decision I made all week. Lets take a walk through the culinary experience. Walk in the door and Im already impressed with the renovation. The walls sport a very charming Yellow/Tan color it melds well with the dark woods and dark tile gives its a warm welcoming feel. Also i instantly fell in love with the new bar placement. It used to be on the back wall facing a wall now its turned facing the windows it really brightened up the space and gave it a welcoming feel. The space renovation is something I think we can all get down with. How can you miss the cantina when you got this? Next My partner and I where greeted quickly and given seating options we chose a table. I really liked the dark wood look call me silly. We sat down I feel like the server was very attentive without being pushy or annoying she was super friendly and offered suggestions. She even went so far as to make an aoili substitute since they had none. That was really great. I ordered A starter soup - Eggplant Cheese soup. Ok seriously this was to die for definitely the best soup i have had locally in awhile. It had the right amount of cheese and spicyness to it. I would go back alone just for this.  Also it was served with what I am assuming was in house baked roll it tasted so fresh and was moist inside crispy out. Jealous i wish i could make bread that delicious. We also whee lucky enough to sample a new soup Vegan Lentil soup its vegan and gluton free made with gluton free beer. It was pretty good I look forward to what they will make out of it and how it will evolve. As far as vegan gluton free foods go i thought it was pretty good would be excellent with a bit of a spice kick. I would order it and i would recommended it to my vegan fiends. Next the entree came!I ordered M.B.B. take on the portabella sandwich served with a very generous portion of fries and a beer brown sauce and a guacamole  topping. This place has unseated my previous favorite portabella sandwich place. Now officially my favorite portabella sandwich to date. I cant recommended it enough. My partner ordered Turkey pepper bacon sweet fig sauce and some other beer sauce goodness. He thought the sweet fig sauce was awesome after much apprehension of even trying it. Would recommended it. I also like the sweet fig sauce on the fries! This is alot I know! I just really was impressed and i cant wait to go try dinner, and also the brunch menu which is starting on 1/25/13 tentatively i would call ahead and ask to verify. From talking with the waitress the brunch menu sounded very intrigue n with foods like beer battered chicken, beer pancakes, french toast etc etc i know this menu is still in formation and will keep changing and i will keep trying!! Seriously check this place out guys it was so fabulous!! i cant wait to go back. If i wasnt so full i'd be tempted to go back right now.Ps  Really great service today! you can tell the staff and the owners here really want this place to be the best it can be and care about the customer experience.  I have not a bad word to say thanks guys for making lunch today extra nice and delicious.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,7/22/2014,3,22,1,14,8>We were tipped off to Marco's from my sister who is a fan but we didn't try their food until we received a coupon in the weekly circular. Since then, we've ordered delivery from Marco's about 5 times. The pizza we get is hand tossed with the old world pepperoni (thicker cut and smaller diameter than traditional pepperoni). Amazing! They offer crust toppers that add extra flavor to your pizza experience. We typically get the garlic crust and it's extremely flavorful. Their cheese sticks are extremely comparable to Topperstix which I love - cheesy and doughy goodness.We usually place our order online; their website is extremely easy to navigate and you can place your order easily. We've never waited over 30 minutes for delivery and the pizza comes extremely hot. The delivery drivers are cordial and friendly. I have called Marco's on a few occasions with follow up questions to make sure our order was correct and everyone answering the phone was extremely helpful.We are very satisfied with Marco's and will continue to order from here.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,7/21/2014,49,307,1,7,4>The name Indian Buffet leaves little to the imagination. The surprise, however, is that there isn't always a buffet. The dining room is mismatched and a little strange, but the focus has to be on the food. We were lucky enough to arrive in time for buffet. They bring fresh baked naan bread to the table, as well as, what I can only describe as Indian burritos. The buffet was a very good mix of items. I really enjoyed the flavorful, moist tandoori chicken, as well as, the butter chicken and carrot pudding. The food was all pretty mild, which I truly appreciated because I have a fairly sensitive palate. The food was absolutely delicious and the price was just right. The staff saw that our table was kind of out of our element and they explained the dishes and answered our questions. The hospitality was very warm and friendly. Finishing off the meal with galoob and mango custard, that is also served on the buffet, made me leave very happy. I will definitely be back.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,7/20/2014,91,37,2,9,8>George's in one word: Epic. It is by far one of the coolest dives in Milwaukee. A group of friends and I went here as a stop on the pedal tavern and they welcomed us with beads at the door. George is a legend, the walls are covered in living history and he's got the stories to go with, which he tells everyone in the bar about via microphone. I hear he does killer impressions, that Friday nights are karaoke and the mens bathroom is plastered with pictures of naked ladies. He told us some amazing stories of when he would fly out to Vegas with all of his friends back in the day, he preferred when the mob ran things there though. The drinks there are classic dive bar- or all that I would want in a dive bar, $1 Busch Light and others of similar caliber beer, don't expect a huge variety there. George's is an epic Milwaukee dive bar that must be experienced ASAP.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,7/19/2014,78,57,8,5,5>It's not often I go out on a Monday, but for some reason, I felt the urge to douse my gullet with whiskey.I had heard about Monday's at Rogue's being half off for those in the service industry, and I figured that includes me, as I bartended. In college. 6 years ago. Once. Whatever.Rogues is located right off water street, near Duke's, and across from Trinity, and on a Monday in winter, it has a slow start. We got there around 9 pm, and pretty much doubled the amount of patrons from 3 to a solid 6 people, and started playing a round of bar dice with the bartender.While not extremely talkative, the bartender was very friendly and eager to play, and the service was fast. As the night went on, the bar started getting busier, and a pretty decent sized crowd showed up, and the bartenders were very fast, I didn't see anyone waiting more than a minute or two for a drink.The crowd was pretty varied, with people from all different walks of life, but overall, everyone was in a good friendly mood, and it was pretty easy to strike up conversations with others.The decor is very hip and trendy, and there was a live DJ playing a pretty solid set with some great throwbacks, and a few songs that were mixed with some hilarious videos.The drinks were a bit on the weak side, but for being half off, I'm not going to complain too much. The bathroom was clean, and while I probably won't make this a regular stop for weekend rampages, it's not a bad place to go on a Monday if you're Irish or just an alcoholic. Tomato potato.
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,7/18/2014,115,276,2,10,6>I have to give Woodman's a solid 4-star review.  I have stopped in several times now over the past few weeks (in my quest to eliminate my Roundy's shopping as much as possible), and every time I've walked out with everything on my list.  Sometimes more.  Every single time I've gone here, I've saved more money than I would have by going to Pick N' Save. It's a little hard for me to describe this place.  I tend to go on Sunday afternoons - which really are the worst times to go, trust me. Unfortunately it's the only time I have available to go throughout the week.  First thing I learned : When you park, make sure to note where you are parking.  The parking lot is just as big as the store. Upon entering,  I almost feel a little bit like cattle being herded into the corral.  Grab a gigantic cart and get going. I tend to scope out the store by how my list is written down.  At first this was tough since when I first started shopping there, I wasn't sure where everything was, so I was going around and around.  I learned to clump similar items together, to make my shopping easier.  Produce to me is kind of hit or miss.  I recently bought a bag of potatoes and they went soft within a week. Definitely check the dates on any perishables and don't be afraid to hunt and peck to find the oldest date.  Sometimes items aren't rotated as often as they should be. Navigating on a Sunday is definitely NOT easy.  And along with the Sunday crowd, I have found some drama - women shouting on their cell phones at "their man,", kids running amok in the aisles, etc... It tends to be kind of a cluster.  But if you can deal with all that, I will sum it up - you will save money by shopping here, even if you're driving in from 10-15 miles away.  Bonus points : - Their liquor area is fantastic and has anything you could want! - Their kitty litter (the store 'off' brand) does the trick and is priced way below the Roundy's brand!- They have several different kinds of ANYTHING you want to buy - and in bulk!- If you enjoy sports drinks, check out the fantastic selection they offer here - you will find what you need in flats!- Friendly cashiers!  And they bag with paper bags, which is a bonus for me.- If you have any special dietary needs (example : their gluten free section is expansive) - chances are they carry what you need here. All in all, I'll continue to go here, because I know I will save money on just about everything I buy.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,7/17/2014,66,118,2,5,6>Nearly a decade ago, Swig led the charge to small plate dining. Perfect for an important business meeting or a special celebration, the restaurant is located close to shopping, theaters and the heart of downtown. Hand your keys to the valet and step inside to warm yourself by the cracking flames of the fireplace. After sharing an intimate conversation over dinner, why not close the night with a dessert and cocktail?The spicy aroma of the Gingerbread with Poached Pears will draw you closer. The subtle bite on the poached pears is the perfect contrast to the firm and light gingerbread cake soaking up essences of orange and white wine. The Cranberry Old Fashioned, a wintery twist on the Wisconsin staple, further accents the orange and other warm flavors in this dessert.Feeling chilled? Use those chattering teeth to bite into a sweet honey stick for a Hot Toddy using local Rishi tea Great Lakes Distillery's KK Whiskey. Compliment with the Pumpkin Panna Cotta. This refined tribute to your grandmother's pumpkin pie is further elevated by a layer of salted caramel sauce and the fruity pop of fresh pomegranate seeds.Don't fret chocolate lovers - Swig has something special just for you too. The Frozen "Snickers" Bar stacks layers of chocolate crunch, nougat, Bavarian torte, caramel crème and lightly candied peanuts into a tower to tantalize your tastebuds. Close your eyes and let the layers melt on your tounge to travel back to your childhood and satisfy your hunger cravings. Afterwards, swirl and slowly sip the High Note Malbec and savor the sweet, spicy notes of plum, cassis and cherries that compliment the chocolate in this dessert.Swig's desserts evoke memories of your favorite childhood desserts with a refined, professional execution. Along the same lines, their cocktails are traditional with special attention to local products and balance. Everything was very reminiscent of "home" no matter where you happen to hail from.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,7/16/2014,41,225,7,9,3>The Vegetarian and I dined here last night after my associate stood us up.  The stars aligned, as we were seated immediately without a reservation.Whoa.  Have you had the goat cheese curds here?  You haven't?  What's your deal?  Man, they was good.  Cheesey goat goodness with a delicious sauce over some crostini.  Flavor Country: Population 2.How about the Sambal Goreng Udang?  You don't know what that is?  What are you, dense?  It's a shrimp dish over a baby bed of mashed taters, ya corncob.  It tasted very Thai-food-like, but the menu denoted it was from the land of Indonesia.  It was CHOICE.  Both of these plates were outstanding and I will get both of them again next visit.I had one meaty plate for myself:  The Pork Tapa.  It was pretty good, but not as special as the two previously mentioned plates.  The Vegetarian felt the same way about the mushroom tacos - decent, but pailed in comparison to the cheese curds and Indonesian dish.Service was great and I think 4-5 dishes for 2 people is probably the right amount of food, but they encourage you to keep a menu at the table and order more if you want to.  A Purple Door ice cream sandwich was calling my name, otherwise I would've done dessert too.  I will return soon and I will definitely be getting my curd on.*UPDATE*Dude, that ARGENTINIAN BEEF.  One of the best things I've ever eaten!  They also had a Thai Shrimp special that was superb.  Lovin' this place!
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,7/15/2014,14,38,4,10,6>Great park with above average food for a stadium.Tips: 1. If you're not tailgating, take one of the many free shuttles that bars and restaurants around the city offer. They drop you right by the entrance and you don't have to deal with traffic at the end of the game. They're all free, but most places require you to have at least a drink for a ride. But how difficult is that? My go-to shuttle is the O Mobile from Oscar's on 17th and Pierce. 2. Try the food at the Double Clutch stand on the loge level just to the first base side of home plate. They have a different menu for each homestead based on the opposing team's city. Notables I've had here are delicious shrimp tacos, pierogies, and fried chicken and waffles. All around $9.50 which is an average price for what's usually a full meal (and that is prepared fresh).3. The enclosed bar behind the left field loge bleachers serves alcohol past the cut off in the 8th inning. You won't be able to take it out of the bar past the cut off, but it's a comfortable little area to have a couple drinks and wait for the traffic at the end of the game to clear out. There's also some video and sports games and couches, TVs, etc. Cocktails, beer and margaritas on tap.4. You can take any food into the park!!! This is little known but I see families often taking advantage of the policy. You can bring in any food, and any sealed, non-alcoholic drinks in plastic bottles. No cans and no glass. You can even bring it all in in a soft-sided cooler. We sometimes stop for subs on the way and take them in for dinner. They don't advertise this fact since they'd probably lose money, but it's great that they still have the policy in place to make it more affordable. 5. If you're tailgating with a bunch of people but only want to take one vehicle in, you can meet and park at the park and ride just south of 94 at 76th street. It's part of State Fair Park's parking lot and is a designated park and ride. Many people do it because it's so convenient to get to and from the park.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,7/14/2014,44,118,2,11,6>I entered a contest on the Potawatomi facebook page and ended up winning a table for four at the sold out Morel Mushroom dinner. I had alway wanted to dine here but thought the price point was way out of my league. I also thought that the place would be too fancy for me. It has changed concept in the last few years and become a steak house.  The closest thing I have eaten for fine dining is on the Disney Dream cruise ship and MATC's Cuisine Restaurant. There were people dressed in a wide range of clothes from dressy to casual.  We are just normal everyday people. I was so wrong with all of my preconceived notions.  The staff was very welcoming and knowledgable. Our waiter was awesome and made us feel at ease. The chef even came out and spoke to us and he was very personable and down to earth.  Our dinner came with a wine paired with each of the five courses. Our table was initially full of glasses.  The ambiance is perfect for that romantic dinner or a nice dinner with friends.  The price of this special dinner if we would have paid would have been $85.00 a person.  I am not admitting to being cheap but this is way out of our price point. Now lets get to the food.  Our first course was a sugar snap pea panna cotta. It came in this cute little mason jar. It had a crispy morel mushroom on it and was delicious. It tasted inbetween creamy avocados and snap peas. There was a crispy contrast with some julienned snap peas on top. The second course was a smoked morel pork galantine. This was a type of cold pork sausage on top of a salad with morels. I loved it but we had some picky eaters in my group. I heard that they are making and curing a lot of their own meats in the restaurant. Next was a duck consomme that had a rich mushroom broth. There was bits of duck confit in it along with a soft boiled duck egg. Delish! The egg was cracked in the soup and made a creamy broth. The fourth course was deconstructed beef Wellington. I was expecting more from this dish. It is a steak house after all and the steak was cooked to perfection but the puff pastry was a small little sliver placed on top. Normally there is a ducksel complete with mushrooms inside the puff pastry but the mushrooms were on the side. Again we didn't have a choice as to how done the steak was. I like medium rare but others in my group did not. The dessert was Ricotta Cheesecake with smoky candied hazelnuts and a candied morel. You would have never know there was a mushroom on top. Everything was wonderful and although I like sweeter wines, I thought the pairings were good.  I would love to come back and had a wonderful time. This may be reserved for special occasions or if I win in the casino.
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,1/13/2014,3,52,1,9,4>On first glance this is a pipe shop that sells nothing but hookahs, but it's also a nice little Middle Eastern grocery. Take a few steps inside and you'll find a small but decent selection of spices, couscous, jams, pickled vegetables, pita bread, and more. I come here for the loose green and black tea, which is sold in large tin jars for a pretty good price.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,1/12/2014,12,62,1,6,4>Do you consider yourself someone that loves unique venues?  Eschews the mainstream?  Enjoys independent films?Then you should take in a film at the Oriental Theatre.I'm not going to lie to you...depending on when you're going, parking may not be a trivial matter.  But the theatre is worthwhile.In one word, it's stunning.Fine architectural details in a historical setting and an Indian theme make up the decor.  Everything I attend a movie here, I look around the space and see something I didn't see before.  There is an orchestra pit in the front of the theatre - how cool is that?The screen?  Awesome.  The audio?  Awesome.  The fact that it's old school and doesn't offer stadium seating or 3D glasses - Awesome!  Sponsor of the Film Festival and showing lots of independent films throughout the year  - Awesome!  Wine and lattes available with your movie theatre popcorn - yup - Awesome!So, go check it out before I have to use the word Awesome again.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2013,1/11/2014,73,141,3,7,4>The east end of North ave in Tosa is a flutter of new restaurants lately.  Red Dot is the most recent east side establishment to open a sister restaurant west of the east side on North Ave, just east of the new Bel Aire and west of Juniper 61, all on North.       I think i got as many directionals in that sentence as i could.  Expect a ton of deep fried stuff here. I got the chicken greek pita which was good and not deep fried.  They have Upland beer in bottles, that will automatically increase my star-giving by one star.  This is really a nice place.  very simple, very comfortable, very neighborhoody.  Looking forward to future visits.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,1/10/2014,296,1326,8,11,7>My evil, evil sister talked me into joining the WAC about a month ago. She said "it will be fun! We'll get in shape! We can go together! Yay!" Now - anyone who knows me well knows my personal feelings about the gym....ever see someone hauling ass on the treadmill? They look miserable. Sweaty, stinky and miserable. I am now one of those people. That said, I've been happy with the WAC.*Most (80%+) of classes including yoga, Pilates and Zumba are free*This location is very clean and both patrons and staff seem to keep it that way*Two pools - one for classes, one for laps. Very limited "kids hours" in the pool which I appreciate*Clean, nice locker rooms with enough showers. I appreciate the sauna and steam room - again, both are very clean.*Lots and lots of cardio stuff - machines seem to be kept up and maintained*Nice instructors and staff. I have yet to encounter a grumpy one. *Not too many meatheads or scenesters. People seem to come in, do their thing and get on with it.*Great sign up special with credits that can be used towards massages or personal training.Speaking of personal training, I signed up with one because Lord knows I need all the help I can get!!! I work with Jeremy - he's a nice guy who knows how hard to push and keep you motivated. Also, after a session with him I want to throw up and then die, so I'm getting my money's worth for sure.EDIT: I've been going to the WAC for 4-5 months and I still feel like it's a 5-star experience. Everything is clean, the people are really friendly and the machines are kept working. Still working out with my PT & seeing great results!
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,1/9/2014,190,322,3,21,14>My long awaited, highly anticipated visit to Ardent, which means enthusiastic or passionate, finally happened tonight. I became a big fan of James Beard Award semi-finalist Chef Justin Carlisle when he ran the kitchen at Umami Moto. He's brought a lot of that creativity to his dishes at Ardent. The restaurant seats 14-16 guests in the dining room and another seven at the bar. Local sourcing and recycled materials is the focus here. The old wooden chairs remind me of the type you'd see in a classroom in one of Turner's Classic Movies. The thick wooden table tops, small church pew, and hand-made bar all add to Ardent's charm. Chef Carlisle's family plays a key role in the restaurant. The beef comes from his parents' farm in Sparta. Also, the chef and cooks wear aprons made by his mother. In fact the cloth napkins and knit shawls on the chairs are also made by his mother.Another former SURG chef, Aaron Patin, works along side Chef Carlisle, so there is a lot of talent in this small restaurant.They brought out an Amuse Bouche featuring pickled radish, beet, turnip, and a pickled ramp vinaigrette, served in a small wooden bowl to get us started.My next course was simply called Milk ($5). Fresh butter and cheese sourced from Edelweiss Creamery are served with a roll, served in a cloth pouch. The roll is made by Rocket Baby Bakery which makes the roll using the same milk that was used to make the butter and cheese to tie all three components together.Then I had the Beef Tartar ($12). The minced beef is topped with a deviled egg mousse and a layer of bone marrow with beef fat. The dish was rich and delicious. Finally, I ordered the Beef entree ($18). Strips of rare filet mignon are carefully placed over potato puree, alongside baby potatoes cooked in beef confit and spinach.My friend ordered the Smoked Trout, served with creme fraiche, red onion, and pickled fennel, and the Salt Roasted Celeriac, which is served with trout roe, celery root, and caramelized white chocolate. She also ordered the Beef entree, but said the Celeriac was her favorite.Ardent purchases a whole cow, so the beef dish will change as they run out of whatever section of the cow they are working with at the time.Drink options include wine, local craft beers, a few spirits, tea, and Anodyne coffee.If you're looking for a unique dining experience or you want to impress a date or a client, you should give Ardent a try. Some items on the menu will change based on what is available locally. Some of the dishes are gluten free. Just ask. Ardent is open Wednesday through Saturday, 6:00PM-10:00PM. I recommend calling to make reservation, but seats at the bar will be available on a first come first served basis if you're feeling spontaneous.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,1/8/2014,38,71,4,16,9>Why is this place so far from the medical college? I would eat here every day between classes. The place is super cute inside (though, not much of an entrance - you walk in and BAM there's the bar and tables). We were excited to check this place out after Seoul Korean Restaurant failed miserably. Everything we ordered was delicious but they definitely toned down the spice. Next time I'm asking for it LKS. Legit Korean Spicy.Service was good, overeager, but good. The staff just seems inexperienced and new but they meant well so I had no problem with it. Also, expect lots of K-pop music playing the background and live performances on the TV's they have up. IT'S AWESOME.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,1/7/2014,124,391,3,5,2>To sum it up - Great customer service, great community feel, and they are dog friendly!Through all my various stores and interactions with cell phone salesman and locations, I always leave feeling like they are used car salesman and feel slightly used. Not this place! This is owned by the same group that owns ESPN Milwaukee and Madison. The employes I dealt with were Mike (recent University of Wisconsin Grad) and Ryan that were both SUPER easy to deal with. Wireless Zone is different in the fact the employees are on salary so they aren't pushing what they get kickbacks or make the most on - they truly take their time making sure you are comfortable with your phone and accessories.  I just got my iPhone 5S in white from them. I called Ryan a few weeks back and had him put my name and number on a list - he called when they got some in and put the phone aside for me. I was able to go in there and have Mike get it all set up and configure it for me while I was at a meeting next door. I come back and everything is taken care of, put on the case I wanted, and all bagged up. Really nice people, really clean, and nice young atmosphere.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,1/6/2014,40,76,2,6,5>One cannot deny that Tomato Destination is an anomaly in the foodscape that is Grand Ave Mall. Fresh vegetables and many combinations for salads, wraps, and panninis to keep you coming back. Bang for your buck, it can't be beat. Pains me to see so many in line at Subway when the real healthy option is just a few feet away.Highly recommend for lunch or take out if you are in the downtown area.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,1/5/2014,43,51,,6,4>There is nothing better than live music and Turner Hall is my favorite concert venue.  Milwaukee has some really impressive buildings, and this is one of them.  It has character, its used and abused, a bit burned, and requires one to stand and stand alone.  There isn't an ounce of pretension that you may feel at other venues.  I have seen some really great shows and purchased a few awesome concert t-shirts here.  The building has life and moves with the music.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,1/4/2014,91,365,3,6,3>Hosted the Yelp Supper Club at the Bay tonight and James did not disappoint. We began with the homemade potato chips fresh from the fryer served with a very tasty french onion dip. The second appetizer was Milwaukee con queso served with three different types of taco chips. The chips were fresh, but I would have liked more spiciness in the queso, For my entree, I had the aged cheddar burger cooked medium. Since the burgers are ground fresh from local steak, I was not afraid to order a bit more rare than normal and it was very good. Another Yelper actually ordered his rare and seemed to enjoy it.  Other orders included the cedar plank salmon and chicken BBQ pizza.  Everyone seemed pleased with their selections.  If you've not tried The Bay yet, give it a go.  I have always had wonderful service and a great meal. They also have a good local beer selection, but alas no draft beers.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,6/3/2014,48,24,4,5,4>Soooo much food! I ordered out from here once and, though the food was incredible, I was not satisfied with the size of the meal, but I dined in recently and was surprised by how much larger the portions were.I enjoyed the decorations and the energetic server. It really is a pretty little restaurant and is located right on Brady St. The food was not only larger, but also much tastier than what I received with the to-go order. When I visited here it was later in the evening and not busy at all. There were only 2 other tables, and we were seated immediately. What I like most about this place is that it does not provide the typical cookie cutter Chinese food menu. Not that the boring/reliable Chinese food that is the same at most paces is bad, I occasionally indulge in such food, but it was refreshing to try something that probably more closely resembles what they actually serve in China. Disclaimer: We came right after we hit the Lakefront tour and were slightly tipsy, so the experience could have been artificially enhanced by the alcohol.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,6/2/2014,5,17,3,9,5>I ate the whole thing.  And I'm about to burst. I'm not usually one to try newly opened restaurants--but this, THIS was worth it. The staff greeted us warmly and made us feel right at home.  And the food? Fantastically authentic. I got the enchiladas (pictured) and my date got the plato Mexicano and were both VERY pleased. And the refried beans were to die for. Alberto stepped in and out of the kitchen since we were the only dinner customers--and was friendly and funny. When we went to order flan (recommended!), he was behind the bar and told the customers drinking there with a dramatic sigh, "Okay lady. Now I have to work!" When they laughed and told him something to the effect "She heard you," he smiled and said, "Okay buela!" Got some laughs :). And have I mentioned this place is CHEAP? We each got drinks (beer and margarita, also pictured), chips and salsa, entrees, and dessert for only $23.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,6/1/2014,65,155,3,4,4>I walked in, and I fell in love. Open space. BIG windows. Beautiful interior. Outlets for days. Solid jams.And goodness knows the coffee is good. Like REAL good. Small batch, rich, flavorful, carefully crafted good.And I'm all a buzz for the Honey Bee latte (pun very much intended).Work, date, hangout and study heaven.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,5/31/2014,266,264,,6,4>Here's my morning routine: stumble out of bed, brush my teeth (maybe), walk the dogs, go to Stone Creek.  Seriously.  I freaking love their coffee so much.  And they make one of the best soy lattes I've ever had.  And the cold-brewed coffee!! Unreal.  So smooth and incredibly delish.  For a super duper treat, get a double-strength mocha iced coffee.This location has the friendliest staff, and the space is small but cozy.  I also love the music they play here.  In the non-freezing months of the year, there's a lovely patio with several little tables.  The only bummer is that none of their delectable pastries are vegan.  But for anyone who's not vegan, try the monkey danish!
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,5/30/2014,97,180,2,8,6>This review is overdue but better late than never. Two visits (one for a Yelp supper club, one for drinks and dessert on my birthday) have left me quite pleased with Blue Jacket. I love their delicious cocktails. I've gotten the special daily grog each time. I once even got a little lesson on bitters from one of the bartenders. Drinks aren't cheap but the daily grog isn't bad at $7.The food is also stinking fabulous. I absolutely loved the duck and mushroom meatballs. Everything on that plate, including the egg, meatballs, and polenta were scrumptious. Desserts are sweet, rich, delicious and not to be missed if you have room.The food is amazing, but the one con is that everything is a little pricey. However, it works when you share with people or when you want a nice, enjoyable, tasty night out. Will definitely be back to Blue Jacket. In fact, I want to go soon.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,5/29/2014,124,96,5,6,6>Blackbird you're kinda my favorite. I hope you feel the same. I'm here at least once a week. Probably more. Bartenders are super spectacular.  I might have a few favorites and they know who they are. I'm from chicago and this place reminds me so much of home. But without all the pretentiousness and secret handshakes that so many places in chicago have. (Sorry hometown, but that's pretty accurate) Great selection of beer, cider and crazy good Moscow Mules. LOVE the dj series they have going on. It's awesome. OH; And there's a photo booth !!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,5/28/2014,87,301,,7,4>It may be small, but this park offers some beautiful views.  Located in Shorewood just off Capitol, Atwater is totally worth a visit.  The upper level features a park, playground, a number of benches, and a spot from which you can gaze out at Lake Michigan.  It's also a great spot to pick up some jogging routes.  Then you can take the stairs or path down to the water level and enjoy the sandy beach.  Overall, a very nice spot tucked away from the crowds of Bradford Beach.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,5/27/2014,25,63,1,8,6>Delicious. Although it's not the cleanest place (Not that it was dirty, just a little dingy). The food and service was excellent. We ordered the Mahkani and the Meat Platter, which was a perfect combination for the meal along with the side order of rice. Surprised to have been charged with rice, but I guess it's better than your typical white rice they serve you. It seemed like other people like it too, because there was a guy sitting behind us who ordered (not kidding) five dishes for himself. It does make for a good leftovers the next day, so I can't blame him.One of the few places where I thought they had too many servers. It may have been because of the heavy snow coming down, but we had one server standing 5 feet away waiting for our water glasses to fall below 75%. They did a great job packing the leftovers as well.Overall, I'll definitely look for Anmol next time in the mood for Indian/Pakistani food. It was decently priced, filling, and overall enjoyable.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,5/26/2014,147,207,,8,7>I am a huge fan of Best Place and the vision of Jim the owner for the space. I've been on the tour a number of times, most recently this past Saturday with a Living Social deal. They had a private event in the main hall, which was a bummer. But, we got a free beer out of it. He also offered to refund anyone's money if they were unsatisfied with the tour given the cramped conditions and the missing hall hour.Keep in mind that parts of the tour are not heated so dress warm if you go in winter. Keep in mind that they don't make beer there anymore and even if they did you wouldn't see beer making equipment, etc. because that's not the part of the building the tour is in anyways.It's a great tour for beer history and Milwaukee history nerds. I highly recommend this for visitors to the MKE and for life long residents. It's about an hour and it's a fun time. You can then walk down the street and eat at Jackson's Blue Ribbon Pub, then sneak around the Brewhouse in and Sweets and see the original brew kettles. I call it "Pabst Appreciation Day"....Which totally should be an actual thing.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,5/25/2014,55,380,2,11,6>Descriptive phrase: homey and well-executed Italian dining.If you've never ventured to Riverwest, Centro Cafe is a good reason to start. Don't miss the small sign hanging on the unassuming brick facade, and careful not to step on anyone once you get inside. It really is cramped, appearing to have once been someone's living room (though hip-ly redone for a cozy restaurant). Directly inside you'll run into a hostess, who this Saturday night around 7 told us it'd be around a 45-minute wait (they don't take reservations). Major, major props to the way Centro Cafe handles their small space and no reservations; my name and cell number was taken and the hostess gave us suggestions on nearby establishments to waste the time away. We decided to hit Stonefly Brewery across the street, though Fuel and Foundation are just as close. Maybe 25 minutes later we got a call that they'd hold the table for us for 10 minutes more unless we needed more time. Great service.We were seated (4 of us) in a corner spot. As others have noted, a sole complaint would be that it's so cramped you're bound to be involved in other tables' conversations. Just become engrossed in your own and you'll tune everyone else out, though.I had their Boulevardier ($9), which is their take on the Manhattan. Solid, well-balanced concoction. The table opened with Baked Goat Cheese ($8), which this night was topped with a pesto and served with crostinis and crackers. I would've personally preferred more crostinis over the dry, sesame-seeded crackers, but the cheese and pesto was warm and gooey. My entree indulgence was the Tortellini (only $13!). All of the pasta is made in a tiny open bar/kitchen right on this first floor, so you can see just how fresh-made it is. My dumplings came served in a deep white bowl with prosciutto (crumbled, like a bacon), peas, and shaved fontina cheese in a white wine sauce. Come si dice "drool"? It was just so perfectly good that I never wanted to stop eating. There was nothing notable or outstanding about the dish except for how satisfying it was. My companions were equally happy with their choices (though the Giardiniera was very spicy). I also have to hand it to the chef for serving perfect proportions. We all left full but not stuffed, with no doggie-bags. Rare at Italian joints.Centro Cafe excels in its simplicity, serving wonderfully-homey Italian pasta entrees on the cheap but also featuring high-end compliments. Their handling of their space and their customers is commendable as well. I'll be spreading the word about this one.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,10/10/2011,296,303,2,2,4>Festa has always been my favorite over the years I've spent in Mil-Town.Even further supported by my last visit there this summer.Wine glass is full (at summerfest it's only half-full). AND it's $5 instead of the $7 summerfest price. Ding, Ding, Ding! Folks, we have a winner!Oh and this year ALL the rides were free!!! WOWZA!!!(too bad no one I went with was willing to go on the Zipper with me, boo-hoo!) Hope they do that again next year... Zipper anyone???
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,10/9/2011,100,354,2,4,3>Part of me is hesitant to post my review because I fear this restaurant will become packed with patrons.We went for dinner. Each ordered drinks, I got Saint Brendan's Elixir (meade, honey, water, yum). This was on valentine's day, so I don't know how much the drinks cost :). The restaurant was not busy, but there was a woman playing the harp in the corner...awesome. She came over to our table and wished us a happy eventing. My favorite part was the music. After the harpist stopped playing, they played classic irish music. GREAT atmosphere. This place is really quaint. The walls are filled with Irish sayings and pictures/posters/art. It was very peaceful in there. So nice. The food was good. We had an appetizer order of their potato fries and curry. The curry was interesting, I guess it's a tradition. When I order this again in the future, I'll ask for curry on the side. It's worth a taste, for sure. I think I would have preferred ketchup, but we all have different tastes. The fries were excellent. Crispy and hot, not greasy. Could have maybe used a bit of salt. Very very good fries. I am thinking about them right now.This place has a separate vegetarian menu. You just have to ask for it. Shepherd's pie was good (a bit salty) and the mashed potatoes are phenomenal. Like, phenomenal. Order a whole plate. My companion ordered meat loaf. He said the carrots on the side needed seasoning. We decided this is going to be "our place". See you there.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,10/8/2011,11,62,12,3,5>A Dr. Seuss inspired review:There once was a horrendous and humid heat,That made a couple look for a refrigerated refuge to retreat.No shaded space, no splashing sprinklers squirting through the air,Signs of relief were not anywhere!Looking down the scorching, sizzling, searing street, Was the shimmer of a tasty, tantalizing, temptastic treat!This child was not holding custard, ice cream, or gelato,But a different delight that also contains lactose.When the doors were opened, what did we see?A whimsical, wondiferous world of goodies!Fun, fantastic flavors of frozen yogurt covered the wall,With terrific toppings to add to cups big or small.Bite after bite of berry flavored treat,Led to a knockout of the once mighty heat.With a boiling, blazing, blistering summer around the corner,Do not worry because Yo Mama! is here!
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2011,10/7/2011,21,88,4,7,3>There are a few ways to provoke an all out fight between two friends. Some of them that come to mind include stealing his girlfriend, crashing his car or, most importantly, insulting his preference in pizza.That being said, I am a NY Style Pizza fan. Having lived out in The City for several years, it's the style of pizza I have grown to love. All of you Chicago deep dish lovers... take a hike.In Milwaukee, however, it's difficult to find a really good NY Style Pizza. The best I have come across is, without a doubt, Classic Slice!First of all, to be NY Style in my mind, it takes more than a specific dough style or topping. The restaurant needs to sell pizza by the slice. This is a key element. Classic Slice does this and does it well. The slices are pretty much quarter pies anywhere else.From an ingredient perspective, the dough is very well made and thin. Not any of this "Wisconsin style" thin nonsense either. However, as a word of caution, sometimes Classic Slice is known to overcook their pies a little bit. The dough gets a little too charred in their fire oven.Next up is the sauce... a great Italian red. Well done and true to form.The toppings are my favorite part of the pizza at Classic Slice. Try the "meatballs" which are essentially sliced meatloaves covering the pie. So delicious!While the pizza is not transport me back to The City, it is pretty darn good. I go back a lot or GET DELIVERY! Yeah for delivery!Also -- p.s. -- The calzones are as big as a small dog. Enjoy!
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,10/6/2011,21,177,2,3,3>I love the Public Market.  I was debating between four and five stars because I was unfairly comparing it to markets I've been to in other cities that have much longer growing seasons.  This market is more about specialty merchants than fresh produce, and that is perfect for Milwaukee.  The market has a nice energy and buzz that clearly makes it a five start location.  Go hungry and enjoy!
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,10/5/2011,155,417,7,9,7>Maxie's has done it again! I came here with some girlfriends for dinner and the meal was absolutely fantastic. My friend saw on the online menu (but maybe it was the NY location??) that they have a fried green tomato po'boy, but it wasn't on our menu, just the portabella po'boy. She asked our wonderful server if we could have one and she said it shouldn't be a problem. We upgraded to get sweet potato fries instead of regular fries and I'm really glad we did. I usually skip sweet potato fries because a lot of places make them too mushy and underseasoned. Not so with Maxie's - they were a great consistency and nicely salted.The fried green tomato po'boy was amazing and I'm going to get it every time I go. They had some drink specials for Ladies' Night Thursdays so I tried a champagne drink that was delightful. I'm not sure what was in it, but I didn't mind.Every moment I wasn't eating that delicious sandwich was a sad one, so by the end of the meal I was full. I didn't want to skip dessert again, so I ordered two rhubarb peach cobblers to go; one for me and one for my husband, because I am really nice. The server brought out this huge bag and we were like, "huh?" Each cobbler was in its own huge dinner size to-go container AND they put in two little cups of ice cream! This restaurant does everything right at all times!!
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,10/4/2011,265,357,,5,8>Hope House's mission is to end homelessness in Milwaukee and create healthy communities - and they are not joking around.  On a community outreach tour I had the pleasure of meeting Jamal and finding out more about what Hope House does for Milwaukee. They stay afloat due to the strong support of volunteers and donations from the community. I find them to be a solid member of Milwaukee and really working hard to make our city great for all of its people.  Hope House depends on the generous efforts of many volunteers to make their programs run smoothly and effectively. If you are interested in sharing your talents with them, please check out their website and give some of your time.I do not work for them nor do I have any affiliation with them, but when I see a good organization doing good things, I like to spread the word.They deserve to be talked about.Let's hear it for Milwaukee's solid non-profits!
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,10/2/2011,16,121,2,5,2>My mom has been coming here for forever and after being told four too many times that I'm too pale, I went for the plunge.I was terrified of tanning beds and asked Greg (the owner, who is always there) so many questions. He was polite and patient with my being a newcomer.The pricing on the lotions are a bit outrageous but I guess it's like that everywhere so it doesn't even matter.The place is always clean, I've never had to wait for a bed, you get a tootsie roll each time you go, and the packages are perfect if you only want to go a couple times before vacation or if you go year round.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2011,10/1/2011,5,117,,4,2>Solid performer. The plates were gorgeous and had taste to match. I had the Hot Wing Ravioli and the Beet and Watermelon salad and would recommend both. There is plenty of outside seating, but the indoors is nice, too. Service was great. I'd go back.
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2011,9/30/2011,37,169,3,4,4>Seven years living in Milwaukee and I just took the brewery tour? I'M SOOOO SORRY, LAKEFRONT!The Lakefront Brewery tour is the ultimate "can't miss" thing to do in Milwaukee for locals and visitors. I was looking for a fun & local outing to take my dealers. We did a Brewers game but the Lakefront tour was the highlight of the week.  My dealers from all across the country absolutely loved the tour and the plentiful beer.  Our guide, a blonde guy, was hilarious.  He needs to be on stage at Second City but I'm very glad he's currently at Lakefront because he's phenomenal. Funny, informative and just entertaining. As for the tour, don't expect fancy videos or walks across catwalks over copper kettles. This is a true brewery. You'll stand next to bags of barely and dodge forklifts.  The history of the brewery and process is explained very well and they explain why Lakefront's brews are TRUE beers.If you're a Milwaukee resident and haven't visited Lakefront, get down there now!  If you're visiting, this has to be on your list of things to do. Screw the Miller tour! Lakefront is the real brewery of Milwaukee. I'm so proud Lakefront is here!
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,7/15/2012,75,27,,5,4>I'm a local who enjoys Kil@Wat for special occasion dinners.  The restaurant is on  the second (I think) floor of the Intercontinental Hotel, which is also home to Zen Den bar.  They always treat you well here, doing all the small things like offering to take your coat or looking for little umbrellas to throw in your unsuspecting boyfriend's drink.  (But they're too classy to actually have those umbrellas.)  The cocktails are great, the food is great, the ambiance is great... My boyfriend and I just love it.Last time I went with a group after having deep dish pizza for lunch so we weren't that hungry.  We were extremely satisfied with the lighter dishes we ordered, ranging from baby wedge or goat cheese salads, the classiest beer-cheese soup I've ever seen, wild mushroom soup, or blackened tilapia fish tacos.  (And of course the delicious pretzel bread from the bread basket they bring to you after you order!)  Yum!One funny thing - the bathroom is outside the restaurant, located down the hall of the hotel near some ballrooms.  On different occasions that I've been here they have had a prom and a combo bar/bat mitzvah going on - it's always fun to run into those guests dressed to the nines and guessing the occasion.Definitely check it out next time you're planning a special night out on the town!
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,7/14/2012,61,283,1,5,3>WOW!  There is one word that describes this place and it's an important one.  CHEAP!!  This bar is so affordable.  There is nothing special about the decor or an exciting theme that makes it memorable.  It's just good cheap drinks with friendly waitstaff... and some days... that is good enough for me.  If you are looking for a place to just kick back, and get a PBR with friends in a place where you can still hear yourself think, The Newport is your place to go in Bay View.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2011,7/13/2012,90,490,2,9,4>We rode by this place on bicycle shortly after I was lamenting the fact that we still hadn't discovered a good seafood restaurant in town, and that, my Yelp friends, is what is known as serendipity.  It's worth a trip here just to look at the chairs.  Not a fancy place, but rather, fanciful, in terms of decor.  Bright, pastel, and fit for a seaside resort town.  All the customers were Mexican or Mexican-American, but our waitress also spoke fluent English, so you Gringos don't have any fear, you'll feel welcome here.  The service was friendly and competent, but you're coming here for the absolutely delicious seafood.  They seem to serve quite a selection of steaks, but I didn't see anyone ordering them.  They've got a wide variety of fish to choose from, I recommend either one of the whole fried or baked fish, the Mexican seafood paella (not really much like Spanish paella), or one of the half a dozen different shrimp dishes.  The chief of staff ordered one of the shrimp dishes, and it was quite tasty, but I can't remember which one it was.  Don't wear white here, many of the entrees are messy, and the red sauce stain I got quickly became permanent.  Even factoring in the price of a new white shirt, this place is quite reasonable for fresh seafood, and so far, this is the absolute best seafood restaurant I've found in the Milwaukee area.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2011,7/12/2012,49,29,,6,2>-Fun décor and nice owners.-Attentive staff and good apps (mac and cheese fritters)-Good burger and onion rings
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,7/11/2012,87,301,,6,1>After recently hearing of Zak's Cafe, I decided I had to find it and give it a shot.  As a lover of all things breakfast-y, any place that serves breakfast daily until 3 pm gets a gold star in my book.  Zak's is just that type of place.  On one recent weekend day, after deciding that a (very) late brunch sounded fabulous, the hubs and I ventured to Zak's around 2 pm.  He ordered the 3-egg breakfast ($7.25) with scrambled eggs, wheat toast, sausage, and hash browns.  I had the 2-egg breakfast ($6.95) with eggs over-easy, rye toast, (thick-cut) bacon, and hash browns.  We happily dove into meals and emerged with no recommendations for improvements; everything tasted hot, fresh, and delicious -- just the way a breakfast should.Perks:-Alterra coffee, if that's your thing. Coca-cola products, too.-Lots of space and seating arrangements; tall and short tables available.-Friendly staff providing fast, attentive service.Item to note: Closed on Mondays, according to their menu.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,7/9/2012,21,100,,3,4>I make a trip to Groppi's a couple times a year to get my must haves for italian dinners.  This might increase after my weekend trip there.  I love this store for so many reasons.  I LOVE the fresh meat dept, they are top shelf, everything from the italian sasage to the fish to the chicken, it's all good quality stuff and so yummy.  I also love there bakery, I can't walk in there without getting something that will raise my blood sugar level past that healthy stage.  The store itself really has alot of off the wall items that you just don't find at other grocery stores, and becasue of that, it usually takes me a while to walk through it.  Since I was there last, Groppi's expanded and added a bar in the back of the store.  This was a real nice addition to a already nice place.  On Sunday's with a drink, you get a free cup of Chlli which is made homemade in the store, it was delicious and hit the spot.  I also found out while having a drink that they have live music on Friday nights, and on other nights of the week they offer wine tasting and beer tasting.  I might have to start making more trips to Groppi's.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,7/8/2012,29,172,6,6,4>I am not a breakfast person.  During the week, I eat a granola bar on the way to work.  On the weekends, I just wait until lunch.  I will not participate in the cockamamie breakfast-for-dinner concept.  The last thing I made that involved maple syrup was a Northwoods Mimosa (replace the bub with some whiskey and a splash of the sweet stuff and bam! you're in Canada). However, I don't care that technically Blue's only serves "breakfast" on the weekends, it tastes much more like lunch food and awesome.  I suppose the monkey bread would be an exception to that, but really, isn't that more like a dessert you start your meal with?The hash browns, the omelets, the pulled ham, the sandwiches, the elusive breakfast pizza special, and on and on.  It's good.  You can't make a mistake here.  I will say that I had a bloody mary that needed two more shakes of celery salt and a splash of Worcestershire, but I'm over it.  You will have to wait to partake in this goodness so plan accordingly.  The servers are all very pleasant.  The decor is like they merged a 50's diner and pottery barn.  They make it work.  I stand by my statement that I am not a breakfast person.  In my mind, Blue's doesn't serve breakfast, they serve happy!
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,7/7/2012,14,122,2,5,3>Taco Tuesdays my friends!I strolled in to Bel Air on a Tuesday skeptical of a discount taco day because of some of the other yelp and how good can discount tacos be really? Very Friggin good is how good discount tacos can be!The interior of Bel Air is really cool and hip. Most of the people were hipsters as well, i saw maybe one or two none white tables in the entire establishment. This wasn't a problem because i felt welcomed. Never the less the wait was quite some time about 30 minutes but i didn't have anything else to do so i waited. Upon walking to my table once i was summoned i walked past a person who ordered a burrito. That had to be the biggest burrito i have ever seen...in person! Chipotle? no! Jalisco's? No! There sizes had nothing on this mammoth flour burrito.I had 3 chicken Verde tacos. Excellente! I don't do salsa so i didn't taste it. The chips were really bland. Even after i furiously salted them they were still a little bland.Overall  i enjoyed  Bel Air, i would even go back when there food is not discounted! But if your skeptical try taco Tues or taco Thurs. For 2 bucks what do you have to lose?
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2011,7/6/2012,127,111,2,3,4>Went for dinner last Saturday night (only table for 2) and had good food, as usual. Their food isn't always consistently fabulous, but never dips below "great." That being said, it's very affordable for the quality. I would LOVE if all restaurants had a wine list like theirs! Sadly, the service is usually slow, but if you can plan your night around a slow dinner, its worth it. Brunch may be a better option for most diners, as there is a more casual setting and more menu options.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/22/2012,7/5/2012,41,225,4,6,6>I don't know what happened.  Wings used to be cheap.  They used to be thought of as the food of the poor.  Now they're priced like diamonds.  "Wing night" features bars selling wings for 50 cents each.  "When I was young... wing night was 10 cent wings and there were dollar tappers."The point is... it's sad that I was excited by Steny's 16 wings for 9 dollars... but by comparison it's probably some of the cheaper wings you're going to find in Milwaukee.  ALSO, they have TWO wing-nights where wings are on sale.  That's a great idea, because the crowds are split and not so annoying - like they are on everyone else's designated wing-day-o-the-week.The wings are good - which is probably more important.  I'm pretty picky about wings, and I'd put this place in my MKE Top 5.  They have a ton of different flavors, none of which are ridiculously hot - I know because I tried the hottest flavor.  We did the hot, the jerk, the medium, and the sweet & spicy garlic.  The jerk was the weakest of the bunch - only because it had too much dry rub on it.  Dare I say it was overseasoned.  I dare.The hot was okay but nothing special, just hot if that's your bag.  The medium was a great classic buffalo wing, and the sweet & spicy garlic was a nice "dessert" wing.  They charge you for each bleu cheese, ranch, order of celery, etc... but I guess that's reasonable given the lower price of the wings.I have a feeling once I hone in on the best flavors here (there are a lot of choices), I will be coming back regularly.  And like I said... the value is great.  I'm from Milwaukee, I know about value.*UPDATE*The sweet & spicy garlic is still strong, but I haven't been impressed with the other flavors I tried.  Still better than most places for wings, and the price is right... but no longer worthy of the 4 star rating based on follow-up visits.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,1/23/2014,19,55,,8,6>Cafe Centraal was great. I don't make it to Bayview that often. I will be back if only to visit Centraal once again and try another delicious meal. The food is tasty and moderately priced, the service was friendly and attentive, and the restaurant itself has a great chill vibe which I thoroughly enjoyed.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,1/22/2014,23,80,,6,5>Went here for Mother's Day on Saturday at lunchtime. I give very few 5's but this was great. Great price. Great salad bar with unique items like ceviche and tons of different salads. One of the best I've ever seen and tasted. Great service. And to me central was the meat. They brought 12 varieties of beats I found as good or better than sabor. What they also I'd better than sabor was they brought all the meats a consistent number of times. I noticed at sabor you would see the really good steak once or twice and then other meats less expensive came more often. Not at at Rodizio. Very very impressed and I eat out a lot. I wonder if reviewers on here who downgraded the salad bar saw both sides if it. It is mammoth. It's really nice daytime too the big windows give you a view outside onto water street and you can people watch. A wonderful experience. I liked sabor but I rate Rodizio maybe a half to a point higher. .
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,1/21/2014,73,56,4,4,4>While your feet are rubbedYour lame haircut is banishedto the land of ghosts
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,1/20/2014,94,294,3,9,5>If you have not tried Valentine coffee, you must really try it. I discovered it at the Tosa farmer market two years ago. These people are so passionate about coffee it is awesome. You can really taste the love in everything they do.This location is mainly designed for roasting the coffee beans. They recently opened up a coffee bar. I would say there are about 10 tables inside and six tables outside. They also offered pastry from blues egg. If you love coffee, you need to stop in. There are no froufrou coffee drinks here. Just delicious coffee. If you buy a bag of coffee, you get a coffee free.
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,1/19/2014,17,64,3,8,7>I love this theater. It's quaint and small, but has everything you need to enjoy a good film.They tend to show Indie films - you'll probably never find a big budget movie at the Downer, which is why I love coming here. And hear me out, they have the BEST popcorn in the city. Yeah, I said it. The manager there takes serious pride in his popcorn-making abilities, and he is very good at it. And the best part? They make it with coconut oil, not that fake butter crap that the Marcus theaters use. I like Marcus theaters, but their popcorn blows. There are two movies showing at all times at the Downer. My most recent visit was last Saturday night to see Nebraska. Once again, I saw a great movie at a great price. That's another thing to mention - if you're a student, you can see an evening movie for 8 bucks. I consider that to be a deal. No one trying to sell me a "VIP" seat just so I can sit higher up. I believe the Downer also offers a discount for seniors. The only thing that would make the Downer better would be offering beer and wine like the Oriental ( another theater on the East Side that is a Milwaukee must-see). I like kicking back with a popcorn and a PBR. Definitely go here, and see a movie you may not have normally taken the time to see. It's good to mix things up, and this theater is a wonderful place for a date night. If you don't have a date, it's also a great place to go solo.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,1/18/2014,62,119,1,5,4>I stopped in here on a whim after work to get my hair done. They had a killer special going on ladies hair cuts for $18 regular price is $25. Anyway! The lady who did my hair had the fastest hands I have ever seen mad props to that woman it was very impressive and she was funny and very down to earth would go back again. It was a fun expierence.
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,1/17/2014,85,224,7,15,11>With 85 reviews of this wonderful restaurant before this one, there probably isn't much I can say that hasn't already been said. That's never stopped me before, so here goes.The restaurant is more than a landmark in Milwaukee, it was always one of the "big three" German restaurants in the downtown area, Ratzsch's, Mader's and the John Ernst Cafe. Only Ratzsch's and Mader's survive, carrying on the tradition of Milwaukee fine dining. It is a throwback to the days when being a waiter or bartender was a profession, over 100 years in the making.In fact, the restaurant was opened by Otto Hermann in 1904 as Hermann's Cafe. His step-daughter, Helen, came from Germany to work in the restaurant. Just before the outbreak of the World War, Karl Ratzsch was touring the United States, but decided to stay in Milwaukee. He began courting Helen, and after a long courtship, "Papa" and "Mama" Ratzsch bought the restaurant. They renamed it and began to build the reputation, the ambiance, and the collection of delightful artwork and antiques that is all part of the Ratzsch's dining experience.I was delighted to find the restaurant open for lunch on Saturday. My friend, John and I had just toured the Milwaukee Gas Light Company Building as part of Doors Open Milwaukee. John retired from the gas company and was reminiscing about working in the building and how he often dined at Ratzsch's.I ordered a special, Kasseler Rippchen, John ordered a schnitzel. I don't have to tell you that both were superb, and even though it was a luncheon size, it was more food that I could eat. (Yes, I took the rest of it home!)Our waitress was attentive without being intrusive. Her sparkling personality and pleasant smile enhanced an already pleasant dining experience. My friend is a retired professional photographer. The manager remembered him and even remarked that he wasn't used to seeing John without a camera! It was a pleasure to stand by and listen to the two of them reminisce about the old days.Karl Ratzsch's is more than a five-star restaurant. It's more than a dining experience. Karl Ratzsch's is special.  It's all that wrapped up in a Milwaukee landmark.Karl Ratzsch's is a tradition that is to be savored.
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,1/16/2014,23,117,,7,3>Excellent cocktails, comfy environment, friendly bartenders, and all the kinds of people seem to be welcome. The Standard is a great place for a cocktail - they make one of my favorite old fashioneds. It's also a great place for a beer. The rotating taps are always posted on a chalkboard, and if you want something like a basic PBR, it'll come in a can. The taps are reserved for unique beer choices. I'm definitely a fan. I also recommend it if you're waiting for a table at Bel Air Cantina. It's just a short walk away and since Bel Air texts when your table's ready (and has a super duper small waiting area and a bar that's usually packed), it's easy to nip away for a yummy drink whilst you wait.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,1/15/2014,9,39,,5,4>I went to Mr Gs for the first time, he's close to where I live and really needed my car fixed to drive to Green Bay. My brakes were really bad and my car was making noises I've never heard before. I called early the same day I need to leave to GB and Bob picked up and told me to come in. Bob and his team got my car fixed quickly and charged me a very fair price. I wouldn't of made it to gb with out Mr Gs. Bob is very friendly and knowledgeable. Another customer in the waiting room also told me she's been going here for years and always been satisfied with the work. I'm having other friends go here now because bob and his team is very honest and does great work. My car drives very smooth now. My car is very happy! :)
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,1/14/2014,18,6,10,11,7>Gallus gallus domesticus wingus  (Linnaeus, 1758) This Wingstop location has been open for about a month now and hasn't been reviewed yet, so I better crunch one out before my brother does. He still thinks acquiring, "First to Review" badges are some kind of priceless treasure.  OOOHH!!! :P *raspberries* nIm mln .As Summer winds down into the Fall season, I've nearly stopped cooking at home for the moment.  I've been checking out the Northside takeout scene for a welcomed, lazy change.  No grocery shopping, no prep work, no cooking, and best of all...  No dishes or anything related to that whole OCD routine.  YAY!!!  Nothing else to do other than take out the trash and watch the sunset. I can get use to this! :)I love and hate Wingstop because their wings are so good, yet they're a bit small size wise, and cost a bit on the high side to me.  There's a short time window before fried food becomes... Well...  CRAP!!!  Everything is made to order, so the fries are fresh, and the wings are hot and crispy. I tend to call in my orders and receive the requisite, "It'll be ready in 14 minutes".  Without fail, my order has always been ready for me as I walk in the door.The last time, I ordered takeout at the counter. There was a mix up where my order was either skipped or misplaced.  I noticed people who've ordered after me, getting their food before me for a few orders before the manager noticed I've been waiting there getting skipped and called me to the counter and told me that my order is coming right up, and would I like a soda while I wait.  I said, "It's alright..."  Then she said, "How about some fries?"  HELLO!!!  Does Howdy Doody have wooden balls? Although I've been trying to cut back on carbs lately, who can turn down free fries?When I got home, I discovered that they added 5 extra wings. I thought that was another nice added gesture as opposed to getting the, "Tough sh#t, hope you enjoy your meal sir." treatment.  Honestly, who doesn't lose their appetite after getting screwed on a takeout order?Despite their prices, I'll keep their number on speed dial.A hard 3 makes a 4.  It's time to take out the trash... Better luck next time Jorge! ;)
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2011,10/20/2011,38,83,5,3,5>My opinion of Kopp's shall forever remain the same: the best frozen custard one could ever hope to have. Truly, you are glorious masters of the frozen desert arena. Both your food and your deserts are always impeccable and delicious. I love you more than I should. Also, the fact that you have Sprecher orange dream floats is absolutely amazing. The fact that it is for only one month out of the year is quite sad.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,10/19/2011,66,76,3,3,3>Have you tried the fish and chips?If not, you are missing out on the finest offering in Milwaukee! After traveling to Ireland, I've found that the only place I've wanted to get fish and chips was on the green isle itself. No longer is this the case - I can now visit Brocach for some fantastic fish and chips!The mini reuben sandwhich is also fantastic! Looking forward to the next visit. And the next... and, well, you get the picture.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2011,10/18/2011,146,306,5,9,7>Dying used to be fashionable.      OK Milwaukee, wanna know why we're here? Then I suggest that you learn who built this town. Where else can you spend time with so many amazing Milwaukeean? (besides a Yelp elite event, of course) The names on the headstones read like the map of Milwaukee: Mitchell, Kilbourn, Walker, Cramer, Marshall, Stowell, Wells, and Downer. I could go on. There are enough brewers and beer barons buried here to fill a liquor store: Pabst, Schlitz, Blatz, and the Uihlein family being the better known names. Don't forget the earlier brewers though: Jung, Best, and Krug. What good would all of that beer heritage be without some brats to wash down? Fred Usinger is a perminant resident. I could go on forever with the list of names, but I suggest you come out and look for yourself.      The cemetery was started in 1850 as a retreat for both the living and the dead; I wasn't joking when I said it used to be fashionable. Back in the days of the 6 day, 60hr work week, many families chose to have their Sunday picnics here. Although the plantings and funerary decorations have been scaled back over the past 100 years, it is not difficult here to picture yourself back in Victorian-era Milwaukee. The rolling hills, the meandering roads, the serene ponds and picturesque bridges complete the park-like setting.      Everyone comes here for the monuments and mausoleums, and rightly so. I get chills driving through here and reading the names. These people were all "somebodies" in life, and damned if they weren't going to be someone in death as well. Be sure to catch the Milwaukee Historical Society's guided tour every summer. They really help to put faces and stories to the names written in marble. Maybe one day mine will be one of them.
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,10/17/2011,49,29,2,2,3>DAMN... this is good pho...clean taste, great broth, excellent beef...EXISTENTIAL QUANDARY: does a pho place have to be a dive to get 5 stars? Street food of the world becomes trendy, then gets EXPENSIVE.Hue is NOT over-priced, it is GREAT value. One more time: not over-priced, you get excellent food & quantity for what you pay for.This is a solid contender w/ Phan's Garden (yelp.com/biz/phans-garde) for best pho in Milwaukee. Phan's smells TERRIBLE, and is often dank & damp. Possibly worst service in Milwaukee @ Phan's. However, trenching through the back alleys and jungles of the globe's vast expanses has taught me that pain & sacrifice make a meal better. Phan's terrible smell is the smell of home; the smell of Milwaukee, WI.Hue:-OPEN LATE, BAD ASS!-FUN and attentive staff-SUPERB date spot-AWESOME beer-GREAT apps-5/5 star phoHue, you lose one star for not being wildly attractive to families or poor folks. It just ISN'T a dive, and that figures heavily into my personal pho philosophy. Although I eat here quite often now, so maybe I'll bump up to 5 stars once I come to my senses.-b6
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,10/16/2011,41,76,4,7,4>Last month was my first time attending a show at Jokerz and I had a great time.  I went to see John "Pops" Witherspoon......Mr. Bang Bang Bang Bang.Before I get to the show, I'll give some details on the club (look at my pictures for detail).  The first thing of note is Jokerz is located in the basement of Silk.......for those of you who are not familiar with Silk -  it's a Gentlemen's Club (the more formal term....lol).When you first enter Jokerz you are on ground level and there is a full bar located up there.  They have some games for you and your friends to have fun with,  It's very clean & has a good atmosphere, which I wasn't exactly sure of.  Then you head downstairs to the main room.  There is a cover and a 2 drink min. - but that's not really an issue, you came to laugh and have some drinks.They have very dim lighting downstairs but it's totally suits the club.  There is a full bar downstairs as well.  They have pictures of famous comedians/entertainers all over the walls.  It's a cool place to attend a show and I would definitely go back.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,10/15/2011,296,1326,16,13,10>This place is unbelievable! I had wanted to check it out for some time and finally did. If you go, plan on spending a good hour the first time to figure out where everything is and so you don't miss anything.Good:* a whole aisle of ramen in every flavor you can imagine such as "pickled cabbage and abalone"* At least 100 types of dumplings, buns etc* Store appeared to be very clean* Unusual produce offerings like durian, jackfruits etc* bulk offerings on staples like rice, mushrooms, spices* In house Bahn Mi stand!!!!!!Bad:* aisles are not marked so be prepared to spend time searching* sometimes variations of a kind of item (say noodles) are found in several aisles. If you can't find it, keep looking, it's probably there* The fish department did not smell good...at allUnusual:* Packs of pork uteruses in the meat dept. I can't unsee that* cans of jelly in flavors like "green" and "grass"* Paper pimp costume for $3.99 - ok, why?
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,10/14/2011,76,73,3,5,3>I love St Paul Fish Company. I know that anyone who loves their Salmon on a Stick would tell me not to put this in there because it has the habit of being so popular that it runs out, but come on. SO good!Their fish is always cooked right if you end up eating there and they have totally fresh totally price accurate meals. They have great deals that beat out price and freshness of local grocery stores as well... and we have a lot of different grocery stores around the downtown area. Ive yet to have swordfish better than the one I got there. Their menu is also great with the option to sit at the counter, or in their little dining area, or have it delivered to the wine place, or any other areas to sit at the market. If its nice out you may even get to have it outside!Their 12.95 dinners are great and you are getting a nicely rounded meal.. Their Lobster and Crab meals are the ones that are most popular but I tried their Salmon as well and its just fantastic.Skip the glitz of a lot of the seafood restaurants in Milwauke and get the freshest from St Pauls.If you havent been here you NEED to go ASAP.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2011,10/13/2011,20,56,7,2,3>I really wish it were socially acceptable to drink bloody marys' after every meal or snack. I would put bloody mary mix in my Camelback or douse my softball coach in bloody Mary after a big win. This leads me to my review of Hotch-A-Do. I was nursing a terrible hangover and my cousin suggested this place. Being from Chicago, I had never heard of this place and thought the name sounded like a cold symptom. My cousins husband ordered a Bloody Mary and I thought it was the greatest idea since Cop Rock. My Bloody Mary came with a small glass of what looked like herbal tea. I was like, oh that's so nice, an herbal tea to cleanse your palette. I was informed that this was beer, and that in Wisconsin all Bloody Marys come with a beer chaser. One thing I have discovered about Milwaukee is that every act, whether it be vacuuming or picking up dry cleaning, is designed to get you closer to beer, which I appreciate. I opted for an omelet with onions, goat cheese (I have heard great things about Wisconsin's noble goats) and cherry tomatoes. It was excellent. The cheese potatoes on the side were cooked perfectly, not too crisp and not too chewy/frozen. We kept ourselves entertained with African geographical trivia (pretty typical for a Midwestern breakfast place) Our waiter was attentive and our food arrived in a timely manner (mostly). The only beef I have is my cousins husband ordered his eggs without onions and they accidentally put onions in it. They caught the mistake before the dish was presented to him, but remaking the dish took like a half an hour (I made sure to describe how delicious my food was while he waited for his eggs) Not a bad experience overall. I am sure there are better places for breakfast, but the food was good and prices were on the money and there wasn't a wait for brunch on a Saturday morning, thus this could be a good alternative to some of the more popular places.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,10/12/2011,87,184,2,6,5>To be clear, I have not actually eaten in the restaurant, but the J.C. Kings Torta truck parks just blocks from my house during eating hours. I'm not sure which member of my house discovered these delicious tortas, but they have caught on like wildfire, winning the affection of many Mexicans and even this gringa (I used to say things like: "Torta? What's so special? It's just a sandwich!") But really, these tortas are special, as are many I have tasted in Mexico, especially in Puebla.... but that's another story. So like Juan said, if you want authentic Mexican food, and want something other than tacos, definitely check this place out. I hear they have a number of trucks (there is always one at Burnham between 34th and 35th near the baseball diamond, kitty corner from the El Rey Plaza). Their menu is bilingual and the ingredients are standard things - ham, milanesa (breaded chicken or beef), chorizo or sausage, turkey, different cheeses, etc. But all tortas come with a thin layer of beans, avocado, mayo (overkill, IMO), veggies, and jalapeños or chipotle sauce. It doesn't sound that good, but the combo is great. Good teleras (rolls) too. There are also some unusual items for the adventurous eater, like a head cheese torta, and one that apparently makes a torta out of tamales. (Who knew??!) One hilarious (I guess not for vegetarians, but it's so Mexican, and I mean that in the most affectionate way....) menu item is a Torta Vegetariana (Vegetarian) which includes TURKEY, peppers, and cheese. Most Mexicans truly cannot fathom the idea of vegetarianism. If you really want a vegetarian option, just order any of their options without the meat. A sandwich made of beans, cheese, avocado, peppers, lettuce, tomato and onions is nothing to scoff at.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,10/11/2011,12,27,,4,4>There are two main public radio stations in the Milwaukee area: WUWM (Milwaukee Public Radio) and WHAD (Wisconsin Public Radio). WHAD seems to have a much larger variety of Wisconsin-centric programming, but I prefer WUWM's lineup.I'm addicted to it, really. The majority of their programming is made up of the nationally-syndicated shows (All Things Considered, etc), but the locally-produced programs like Lake Effect are excellent. Perhaps I'm choosing not to notice a slant, but it seems like it's a rare feat for a talk radio station to be anything other than a constant stream of opinions. Consider this the panacea for Mark Belling-/Sly Sylvester-induced nausea, depending on your political stance.Can a positive Yelp review be a substitute for a monetary donation to WUWM? I hope so. Then maybe I won't feel so guilty when they do fund drives.....
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2012,12/24/2012,27,57,1,10,5>My wife and I dined at Pastiche recently for our anniversary. Can't wait to go back soon.I phoned in my reservation 4 weeks ahead of time just to be sure we'd have a table for our anniversary dinner. When we arrived at 7:30 the hostess told us she didn't have our name on her list - uh oh - but that she had a table open. Crisis/potential argument diverted. I typically call ahead to confirm my reservations but it slipped my mind on this day. Our waitress introduced herself promptly and went over the specials. I stopped listening after she mentioned the seared scallops with risotto and asparagus. That's like the trifecta of excellence for me. I spent some time looking at the regular menu and wanted to order everything, but I stuck with the scallops. My wife wasn't too hungry so she ordered the Merguez sausage appetizer, which was served on a bed of polenta with a side of grilled apple slices. We started with some fresh Virginia oysters. The oysters were really tasty but we had some decent sized bits of shell in half of them. And one wasn't shucked to remove the meat from the muscle, so I had some trouble removing it. Aside from the great taste, the quality of the preparation was a disappointment.Our entrees arrived in a timely manner after we finished the oysters. The scallops were without a doubt the best I've ever had. Perfectly seared with a light coating of salt, pepper, and a touch of rosemary. There were 5 of them, which I consider a generous portion. I could've eaten 10. They were ridiculously tasty. The risotto was perfectly cooked and the asparagus was snappy and delicious. My wife's lamb sausage and polenta was also very good. I didn't try more than one bite though because I was face deep in my plate of scallops. For dessert we shared a chocolate hazelnut tart served with caramel sauce. Damn good. A perfect ending to the meal. Our waitress, whose name I forget (but I recall that she's a world traveler) was top notch. Attentive, but not overbearing. Knowledgeable, but not pretentious. If all waitresses were like her I'd be a happy diner. All in all, the night was a great experience. I'll definitely be returning to Pastiche soon.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2012,12/23/2012,1413,204,4,7,5>Stopped in to grab a kale salad and a protein smoothie. Staff knew the names of the regulars, which was impressive.  Prices are high, but overall healthy choice when you need a boost.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,12/22/2012,141,343,6,7,6>I got my marketing degree here longer ago than I'm prepared to share with the internet universe just now.  But I did love it here. I never really fell out of love with this part of Milwaukee either.North tower! The palms! The flicks! The upass (free bus rides for students) and the 30 and 10 line, The living learning center (no dorms have computer labs anymore, do they?) I worked all over campus, at the library, computer lab, and even did a very brief stint in campus security (wouldn't you feel safe with me patrolling?)Friends I went to school with like to say we set a trend, cuz while I had a great time here, it was definately not the "in" school it appears to be now back in the mid 90s (oops).  It seems still like a great campus, only bigger and more connected. Unlike Madison, I think uw-Milwaukee gives you a good college experience while exposing you to more of a real life city experience.  I have nothing but fond memories of my time here and am always proud to say I graduated here
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,12/20/2012,64,138,4,7,5>They say work what your momma gave you, well, I'm working what being a new momma has given me: some extra curves. So I finally stopped by this well-located boutique in the Third Ward, and man, was I impressed with the selection. The store's definite strength is dresses, of which they have plenty of gorgeous styles in a range of sizes for real women. I walked out with a gorgeous black strappy dress that was a decent price, especially for how wearable and flattering it is. They also have some great tops and what looked to be some solid pant options. Some items are on the pricey side, but everything is so high quality, that you'd certainly get a lot of wear out of each item. I was impressed with the name brands the store carries, didn't realize some of these lines/designers made plus size clothing! So glad to see there's such a fashionable place for women of all sizes. And there's great jewelry for women of any size. The staff were super friendly and the dressing rooms were nice and roomy. Highly recommended.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2012,12/19/2012,56,86,3,6,3>Honeypie, how I love you so. From the bevy of gorgeous pies & cupcakes to the homey breakfasts, Honeypie has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  When friends come visit from out of town & want a great breakfast, I bring them here. They're ~always~ happy & full when they leave.I know they serve lunch/dinner items, but I usually only ever go for breakfast, because I'm the kind of person who wants to eat breakfast foods at all hours of the day & night.  The french toast is divine; the bread is thick brioche that is lightly textured & fried crisp.  I LOVE that they serve real maple syrup instead of its evil cousin, "maple flavored" corn syrup.  And don't get me started on their biscuits. They're HUGE- they're easily the size of a baby's blanket! But they're so tender & flaky....*drools* I've come here just to order them, even though I can never eat a whole biscuit in one sitting.  I love that they serve Anodyne coffee, & they serve it in those old diner-style mugs that everybody's grandma seems to own. They get busy quickly on weekend mornings/afternoons, but I've never had a ridiculous wait for a table & the service is always polite.But the real jewel of this cafe are the pies. The pies! They give me life everlasting. Each kind I've had was 'knock your socks, pants & shoes off' good. They're the kind of pies your granny would make if she knew you were coming to visit more often.  The pies are so spectacular that when my sweetie was recently celebrating his birthday, he wanted pies from Honeypie instead of birthday cake for his party. I went overboard & bought 5 pies (hey, why not?) & the birthday pies were a hit at the party.  We ate leftover birthday pie for a solid week afterward! We even put one of them in the freezer & reheated it later in the oven, & it was just as delicious as the night it was made.Just writing this review has made me hungry. BRB, I'm heading to Honeypie.
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,12/18/2012,44,153,3,8,7>I'm pissed that there are so many negative reviews about this place. It actually confuses me.The food is wonderful here, it's a teeny bit more expensive then most burger joints, but I assure you the atmosphere and severs make up for it. Plus the portions are HUGE. We finally saw our first drag show here, and it was wonderful. If you don't want your kids to see it, THEN DONT BRING THEM. Plenty of awesome Bay View couples brought their kids though, kids are welcome. Just don't complain that your kid heard the word "pussy" or something. If you can't handle it, then don't involve yourself.AND IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, THEN DONT GO. Don't complain about how a male came up and danced with you, just don't go. This place is outwardly gay-friendly and I love it.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,12/17/2012,23,117,6,3,3>Barnacle Bud's rocks my world. If you can find it, you win, and you can truly call yourself a hip Milwaukeean. Is the food amazing? No, but it's fried, and isn't that pretty close? Can you get a bucket of cute little Coronitas for a reasonable price? Of course you can! Can you drink it whilst gazing at a river, watching boats go by featuring passengers in various stages of drunken debauchery? Yes. Can you do it all while surrounded by true characters of the magnificent city known as Milwaukee? Indeed you can. Whatcha waiting for? Barnacle Bud's is an excellent place to relax. Especially if you've had a crummy day at work and now the sun is shining and you just need to spend a bit of time outside soaking up some Vitamin D (and alcohol and greasy food).
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2012,12/16/2012,41,166,6,6,6>Honestly loved the place (not like I lie in my Yelp! reviews people, but really, it was good).Started with a blood orange Manhattan.  I love Manhattans (whoever doesn't, I would give a gentle noogie, trying not to mess up their hair) but never had/heard of this variety.  Worth having at least once.Service, impeccable, by some stylish ladies (male employees I may have missed, my apologies).  Clever and considerate.Rosemary skewers, fried green tomatoes, skate wing, flank steak, strawberry cream cake were all recommendable.I'd like to eat here at least once a week.
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,12/15/2012,0,253,2,9,8>I have walked past Dry Hootch several times, but never went in.  I knew it was a coffee shop run by Veterans, but I was a bit intimidated and thought it was also just for Veterans. While at Art Walk on Brady as I walked by I noticed they had live music out front, the door was open and people were coming and going. So, I decided to check them out!So glad I did.  I go to events at Zoom Room, next door, and always come with a cup of chai from somewhere.  I was impressed with the coffee shop!  The Barister was extremely friendly, although overworked with the line forming.  Coffee was priced competitively with their other nearby coffee shops and just as yummy. I love having the option to drink chai for a great cause.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,12/14/2012,14,75,4,8,6>My friends and I were a little hungry for a snack after Chill on the Hill, and one of my friends suggested to go to Odd Duck. I've never heard of such a place, but decided to check it out.Boy am I glad we took the time to eat at this place. First thing to note was that this place was packed at 9 PM on a Tuesday.... which is usually a good sign.We weren't that hungry so each of us ordered a small dish. I got the yellowfish tuna cerviche with tortilla chips. This was by far the best tasting cerviche I've ever had, even beating the ones I've had from Peru. The experience in itself was something like no other. The blend of ginger and spices put a nice tangy kick to it. Only thing was I wished they gave a few more extra chips. I had to finish the cerviche with just a spoon, and the taste was overpowering, even for a person who is use to eating spicy things.My friend's Gouda stuffed with dates bacon and cheese, was absolutely incredible. The mixture of sweet and salty was orgasmic. Really, orgasmic. One of the best half bites I've ever had... probably the best bite of food in Milwaukee. I was in heaven, this puts almost any other restaurant to shame. It was that good.Service was excellent, prices a bit high, but its really worth it. Don't come here on an empty stomach though, or you will be spending a lot of money here!If I could give this its own star rating of 6 stars, I'd do it!
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2013,12/24/2013,35,299,4,5,3>I'm not a huge antique store guy, but a visit here may have changed my mind. It took some digging, but I found TONS of awesome things I never expected.-Milli Vanilli cassette single for Baby Don't Forget My Number-Poison cassette single for Unskinny Bop-Trading cards galore! Alf, Yo MTV Raps, Garbage Pail Kids, and tons more-Brewers Bobbleheads from years past-Tons of old school WWF magazines-Toys I haven't seen in 20 years3 floors of awesome to dig though, and I'll be back. Plus, I'm going to start looking at other antique stores to see what else I can find to re-live my childhood.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,12/23/2013,53,87,3,8,8>Say CHEESE!  This place has a lot of cheese. Wisconsin cheese. Dutch Cheese. Aged Cheese. Young Cheese. Cheese Curds. Cheese in the shape of a cow. Huge wheels of Cheese. Beer Cheese. Chocolate Fudge Cheese. Goat Cheese. I am talking lots of cheese. And you can sample almost all of it. They always put out quite a few samples, and if you see something in the case that you'd like to try, you can usually ask for a taste. The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly.  This is a great place to buy gifts as they have many different gift boxes with cheese, sausage, etc. and they'll handle the shipping.  Great idea for corporate gifts, Christmas or for people from out of town who NEED Wisconsin cheese.  Look for the catalog in the store or you can also order online: wisconsincheesemart.comThey also have a nice selection of local beer, Sprecher sodas and some kitschy gifts, including that ever-so-popular Cheesehead, which looks absolutely smashing on everyone. Next door is the Uber Tap Room & Cheese Bar with a great selection of Wisconsin Beer on tap or by the bottle, as well as wine.  You can order flights paired with cheese as well as grilled sandwiches, big pretzels, and lots of other tasty things. Check out the building, it is the former Steinmeyer Grocery and has a lot of great character.  The Wisconsin Cheese Mart has been in business since 1938.  Ken, the current owner, is a great guy and is always open to different events and tastings.Sometimes parking is a little difficult, but you should be able to find something on the street and if you have to walk a little bit, Old World Third Street is always interesting.
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,12/22/2013,56,86,3,9,4>Yes, hunty. Let me roll out the red carpet & welcome Millioke Restaurant to the downtown area. Mr. S and I were looking for a nice place to have dinner, & after a brief scan of the menu we decided to try this place. As others have said, it's inside the new Marriott hotel downtown, & looks as sophisticated & clean/modern as one would expect for a new hotel of that caliber. (Oh of course it's not The Ritz Carlton; hush.) It's bright, has a great color palette, cream city brick, with roomy tables & booths. We were greeted & seated promptly.Our server was extremely friendly & made us comfortable right away.  I'd already given plenty of thought to what I wanted after my initial scan of the menu that brought us here, so we were able to order pretty quickly as well. Mr. S. ordered a Moscow Mule drink, & it was served in a copper cup- apparently that is a rare thing anymore. I thought it was a neat touch, even though I'd never heard of such a thing (Hey, I'm from Ohio. We don't drink those there.). The berry lemonade I ordered had fresh berries dancing around in the glass, & was a tasty boozy addition to my meal.I ordered the Slider Trio, & thankfully they were willing to make them all portabella mushroom burgers, since I don't eat meat. They were DELICIOUS. Those hot little 'shrooms came on grilled pretzel buns, with a coleslaw topping that I didn't even bother to pick off- and I NEVER eat coleslaw. Mr. S. had the bacon cooked shrimp for an appetizer, & gobbled them up quickly.For dinner, I had the margherita flatbread & Parmesan fries. Mr. S. ordered a burger with a bunch of guy-stuff on top of it; most notably, a fried egg. His slow nods of approval as he ate told me everything was going well on his end of the table, just as it was on mine. I thought the Parmesan on the fries would have added a little bit of saltiness to the fries, but it didn't. No matter- the fries were hot & delicious anyway.We had a great meal, & prompt friendly service in a great environment. I'm already dreaming about when I'll get to eat those Portabella Sliders again. Le swoon.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,12/21/2013,104,296,1,10,9>Honeypie is getting a major "Woohoo!" this time.  Mind you, this visit was once again--surprise, surprise--one that served a singular purpose: pie consumption.  We were turning others on to their behemoth-of-a-slice version.  We each selected different ones, including chocolate mint, banana caramel, and cookies 'n cream.  I always sit by, admiring the main entrees that those around me have ordered.  Makes me want to dine here prior to dessert.  I'll stay for dessert too, well, obviously.  The reason that Honeypie received 5 stars this time, though, was not pie alone.  No.  Upon leaving, we noticed that the back passenger-side window had been broken.  Someone had gotten into our friends' car and stole some personal items.  They were also kind enough to  make a wreck of the vehicle's interior (thanks to broken glass being everywhere).  That's where the folks at Honeypie come in.  Came to the rescue, actually.  One of the servers came out and swept the back of the car, including the seats and floor.  He also left us with two clean kitchen towels to sit on, so we weren't cut by any remaining glass.  'Awesome' is all I can say.  Now, it speaks true for both their people and their pie.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,12/20/2013,73,288,7,11,8>Where was the "New and Improved" Milwaukee Art Museum when I was traveling all over the country at 18-19 years old? Let me clarify...My discussion with a random guy in Philly who was macking hard on my cousin-Random Philly Guy- "You live in town?"Me- "No, I'm just visiting for the week."Random Philly Guy- "You from Jersey?"Me- "No, I'm from Milwaukee."Random Philly Guy- "Milwaukee??"Me- "Yeah, Milwaukee, you know, where the Bucks and Brewers play."Random Philly Guy- "You look like a city kid. Isn't it all farms out there?"Me- "No dude, you have to drive at least a half hour out of the city to see any farms!"Shortly after this exchange, it all changed. We got a kick ass new ballpark, and thanks to this art museum, the lakefront has a little taste of Sydney and a lot more culture.I've always loved the Milwaukee Art Museum, and the Calatrava makes me love it even more. That's not to discount what is on the inside, I'm so glad that there was so many rich art lovers in the history of the city, because they left behind a very diverse collection. I love every part of it; I only wish the Pop Art section was bigger. I do love all the pieces in the Pop Art section, Lichtenstein's Crying Girl might be my favorite piece of artwork ever.I had a chance to eat in the big cafe on the bottom floor. The food is a little pricey, but not bad. The view is great, and as far as the food goes, I only had a slice of cheesecake and some coffee, which was OK. I ordered some Pineapple Cheesecake, and while I was expecting pineapple to be baked into the cheesecake, it was a plain slice slathered in not only pineapple sauce, but also cherry and blueberry sauce. Weird, but OK.I do have one complaint about the museum. I know that there has been some crazies in the museum in the last decade or so, but can the security back off a little bit? I mean, I walked to the art exhibits and started to make my way to the tables next to the exhibits to set down my coffee, and the guard said "You can't have that coffee in here!", to which I replied "I know, that's why I'm setting it on this table." This continued as I was trying to enjoy the art. I spend a lot of time studying the paintings as well as studying the history behind the paintings, and it always seemed like there was a guard breathing down my neck. I know I was dressed more for the pro wrestling matches than the art museum. I know I might have been the only one there in the past month wearing a Marvel Comics T-Shirt. But if you would bother to study it further, it was a Andy Warhol-inspired Marvel Comics Tee!These security guards had me feeling sorry for one young mother. Empathetic- I was towards the mother as her barely two-year old dropped her sipee cup full of milk, nowhere near any paintings/art. Amazed- By how fast this mother used a burp rag and a blanket to clean this spot on the floor DRY. Baffled- By the security guard, who not only came way too late, but also overreacted just a little bit. "We have a code 217, a kid spilled milk on the floor in section 8." (Pauses for a minute to listen to the person on the other end of the earpiece, and then yells) " I don't know!! It was in Tipee cup or something!!" Overexcited guards aside, this is still a more than wonderful experience to have in our city, travelers and residents alike should come visit here and enjoy the sights. This place makes me very proud to live in Milwaukee.
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,12/19/2013,280,856,3,8,4>PRESCRIPT: I love fresh made hummus. Middle Eastern restaurants rock the shit out of hummus. I've tried about every store offering (Tribe, Sabra, Athenos, Cedars, Lilly's, Trade Joe's) and have made it at home but it doesn't compare. I generally avoid this area of town because parking is a mother.ORDERED: Hummus: Chickpeas and Tahini sauce blended with olive oil, lemon juice and garlic; garnished with sumac $4.99, Falafel sandwich: Spiced chickpea balls lightly fried and wrapped in a pita bread $4.99, Kahwa arabiyah: (Arabic coffee) $1.55 (SEE MY PHOTOS)TASTED: OUTSTANDING hummus. Warm pita breads with fresh smooth creamy hummus. The falafel sandwich was equally great, nothing equals expertly made falafel balls. The tahini that accompanied tasted fresh and I alternated between dipping the sandwich in it and the hummus.Arabic coffee tasted much like coffee I make at home using a Moka pot. Coffee geeks can be brought to fisticuffs with the mention of boiling coffee. I like the experience, handling a dallah is cool and the coffee packs a punch.SERVICE & DECOR: Our waiter was a younger kid, possibly high school aged. I kept asking him food questions and I think I annoyed him. By the end he was dropping food off and turning and running as fast as he could.The decor is Arab Thrift Store.POSTSCRIPT: One of my favorite meals I've had in the three years I've lived in Milwaukee. My wife and I dined for around $20. The food was outstanding. The restaurant unpretentious. Hummus. Hummus. Hummus.One more time... Hummus.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,12/18/2013,34,68,14,9,7>I bring my Saab here. They probably hate me. I have a stupid Ignition Interlock Device (breathalyzer that determines if my car starts or not) courtesy of the city of Stevens Point, county of Portage, state of Wisconsin. It will randomly make you blow into it when the car is running. If you don't, the lights will flash and the horn will honk incessantly until you turn the car off. This makes my car really hard and probably annoying as all hell to work on. I've had to help the guys at the garage figure it out a few times. That being said, they deal with me anyway. They stick to the estimate, don't bullshit, and do their best to get it right the first time. They'll give you a ride to work if they aren't too busy. One convenient locations at Hawley and Vliet. Some things: The (I think?) owner guy is an older foreign fella who doesn't know how to computer. If you drop your car off with him in the morning, don't expect him to note what you need done in a discernible way for the guy actually doing the work. You will get a phone call later in the day trying to figure out what you need. Make sure to stress that they call your daytime number.There is a big German Shepard who lives in the garage. He wants to tear off your fucking face with the fury of 1,000 Bill Romanowskis denied their performance enhancing drugs of choice. Don't leave the customer area. He's not allowed in there. He will, however, ferociously bark and growl at you through the glass just to let you know what a tasty snack he thinks your gonads would be.A note on this and all auto garages for the uninformed:If you ever go to a garage and they're smiling, really nice, kiss your ass, and don't seem too busy, you're going to get ripped off. Real good mechanics are like the guys at Matt's: Kinda gruff, hurried, and just nice enough not to leave a bad taste in your mouth. It's because they're BUSY. They're busy because they have a good reputation and get a lot of repeat business, which they want to keep going. They give a shit about fixing your car, not ingratiating themselves. It can be stressful.Take it from me, I delivered auto parts to dozens of garages and dealerships when I was a younger dude. The "assholes" always did the best work. The "nice guys" standing around smokin' cigs and cracking jokes are usually as crooked as the day is long. They wouldn't piss in your mouth to put out a fire in your stomach unless it made them a buck.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,12/17/2013,96,52,13,6,9>Don't even trip. This place is for real. It's so real that I had to tell my Dad about it. And Keith does not front. He doesn't even front just a little bit.This place is unmistakably Milwaukee.I love an old-timey joint. This place reminds me of visiting an older Milwaukean's home and stepping into his finished basement. In a good way.Leather. Wood. Stained glass. Carpet. A bar. Hangy lights. Comfort.  Unmistakably Milwaukee. I've eaten here twice. I've suggested it as an option for dinner or lunch many times since. The food was just so good. Meat. Meat sandwiches. That's what comes to mind. Even though I've ordered more than just meat sandwiches. The meat sandwiches were just so damned good. So was the fish fry. I want to go back right now.I want to drink at the bar with the dudes and their wives and pretend like I belong. I want an old fashioned. I want the realness to surround me and lift me up and swaddle me forever.Keep on keeping it so real, Swingin' Door.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,12/16/2013,38,41,,5,3>Stopped by Margarita Paradise yesterday after walking around the Summerfest in the midday drizzle.I must say that I was pleasantly surprise by the tasty taco, rice, and bean plate. Oh and let me not leave off the Margarita. I had a voucher from Restaurants.com for this place and decided to try it out. I had a shredded beef taco on corn tortillas with cilantro rice and re-fried beans. It was the perfect portion size for me and it tasted great. Best part is that the plate was only $5. Hubby had the fish taco which was also rather tasty. Great little place! I'll be back fo sho! (That means "for sure" for all you non-southerners)
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,12/15/2013,268,248,2,9,3>I love Ethiopian food and this place does it well. Best thing is do big groups and order a whole bunch of food. Prices are also better at lunch if you don't do big groups. They are good about splitting everything between big trays so you can sample everything. Their injera (sponge bread) is bomb. My favorite is the Doro wot which is a spicy-ish chicken dish with a hard boiled egg and Ethiopian cottage cheese. I don't know what's it Ethiopian sauces but it's near crack status... They also have a buffet during lunch but it's vegetarian options only so not exactly for my meat loving self.Oh btw...if you've never had Ethiopian...you have to eat with your hands...so make sure to wash your hands! They could also use some updating with the bathrooms also...just saying...
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,10/4/2012,16,121,4,7,5>All beers, two dolla. Except if they're labeled "even more," then three dolla.Whatever, cheap options are cheap. And legit, not watered down.They have about five outdoor tables and, not being on a busy street, it's nice sitting out there. The patrons are decent, neither sausagefest nor chick coop. The bartenders are friendly and as attentive as they can be when busy. The decor is neat and awesome to observe.I hope to come back sometime and remember my whole night...
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,10/3/2012,38,50,6,6,8>Bradford beach is hands down effing awesome. What a gem of a place to have right here in Milwacky. On a plus note, its also a 5 minute bike ride from my house. CHING.Anyway, as most of the reviews can already attest to, its big, sandy, and full of beautiful people. Seriously, there is no short supply of toned up college students and milwaukee locals here playing football, frisbee, volleyball or soaking up their desired amounts of UV rays. Eye CANDY. Great way for out of towners to see we're not all beer gutted, brat and cheese guzzling opaque white polar bears. Too harsh? Beach is pretty clean, too, I believe they come through and clean it each morning or each evening. Thats super refreshing. Lifeguard on duty. Beach Cabana serving drinks and food (expensive...$7 Brat, $5 canned corona?!). 'Rita's are potent and wil get you buzzed though. Just bring your own carry ins- as long as its not in glass, you're bueno. And, I dont know why this is a weird thing to people, but I've swam in Lake Michigan here at Bradford more times than I havent. The water is clean, its cold, its crisp and its refreshing. The algae kind of is a problem later in the summer, but through most of June and early July, why on earth WOULDNT you swim? and you can earn some cold-water swimming cred with your friends. DO IT.Bradford Beach, I love you.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,10/2/2012,18,41,9,9,4>Imagine you could somehow cross-pollinate NASCAR fans, Wal-Mart shoppers and Golden Coral eaters.  They would build these people in test tubes and you could find them, very easily, at the Wisconsin State Fair.  Now, to avoid sounding like a completely pretentious a-hole, I am not hatin' the player nor the game.  These people are clearly comfortable in their own skin (I know because I tend to see way too much of it when I'm here) and for that, God bless 'em.  If the world was full of the exact same kinds of people, it would be a boring.  If you want to see some of the more interesting people WI has to offer, this is it.That's the main appeal of State Fair; you will see people from every walk of life.  There is zero pretension at the WI State Fair.  Come as you are, have people in the expo center try and sell you stuff, and then eat some food on a stick.  Please don't take my previous paragraph as a way to mock others, I love that we have some rather eclectic people in my state and city.  Let's just be real, though.  There is a reason sites like People of Wal-Mart exist and you can get a whole day's worth of that site irl (acronyms for the cool kids) at the State Fair.Of my favorite things, food is number 2 on my list of reasons I love the state fair, right after people watching.  Lots and lots of unhealthy, greasy, sweet, crazy food.  On a stick.  Deep fried.  Sometimes on a stick AND deep fried... with gravy on top.  I could write a ridiculously long review on the food alone, but I'll just keep it simple.  My favorite things at the 2012 fair were the bacon-wrapped tator tots and the red velvet funnel cake.  I finally was able to eat a Jake's corned beef sandwich and it was incredible.  I had a great day of over-indulgence and I can't wait for next year to do it again.Whatever you want, the state fair has.  The food ranges from the best you can dream to the worst nightmare of your life.  Would you like chocolate covered bacon?  Have some (it's HORRIBLE, btw).  How about a cheeseburger on a Krispy Kreme doughnut?  You can do that too, but I sure as hell won't.  The state fair is and always will be the state fair, it (and the people) make no apologies for that.  Which might sound dumb, but I love it.  People comfortable being themselves, animals, crazy food and an expo center full of live infomercials.  For one day a year it's a wonderful experience and when 2013 rolls around I'll do it all over again.  Provided the Mayans are wrong about the whole zombie Apocalypse thing, that is.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,10/1/2012,20,56,2,6,5>Remember the green curmudgeon from Sesame Street?  You know the dude who lived in the garbage can and was a dick to everyone?  Well that was a totally different Oscar.  The Oscar who is the proprietor of this bar whips up a great burger and has a ton of great beer on tap.  What I love about this place is that it is in an area that most people don't associate as hip.  It is tucked just north of National Ave/ Caesar Chavez in a warehouse district.  I love restauranteurs that are not afraid to take a chance on opening a place in a neglected area.  This is how neighborhood revivals are started.  There are so many excellent old buildings that could be repurposed into community centers or gasropubs.  Let's get to the food.  The burgers are excellent and they have that light buttered bun like Sobelman's.  I thought the service was great and the waiter actually took exception to me not having a beer in my hand (my kind of guy).If you go on a Sunday there will probably be children so don't have a hipster freak out.  Remember you were once a two year old crapping your pants and whining for dinosaur shaped chicken fingers. So come on down to this establishment.  If you are in the 3rd Ward, Walker's Point or Bay View you are only a stones throw away.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2012,9/30/2012,296,1326,7,9,6>I love soap. I really, really do - I have about 40 bars in my linen closet right now (dead serious) but did that stop me from getting more today? Of course not!My sister loves the products here, so we stopped today so she could stock up. The store is out of the way in a strip mall/business park at the end of 794, but worth the trip for natural bath/body items. The carry lotions, candles, bath bombs etc - all handmade and natural. My personal favorites are the yummy lip balms (hard lemonade flavor!), the SPF stick and the peppermint foot stick. Prices are reasonable, packaging is cute and the owner/maker is friendly and helpful. They have everything you need for great spa gifts or shower gifts and a full baby/kids line too. And "beer soap" for the special man in your life who needs some freshening up.In the immortal words of Mike P.: "unchain and support local businesses"
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,9/29/2012,77,153,8,14,6>YES, IT'S AUTHENTIC...As is an annual custom, I treat one of my friends every year to a birthday dinner. So, what do you get when you pair a Jersey-licious Italian with an equally hard-core Puerto Rican? Well, besides a lot of Jewelry and clothes that look like a Ronco Stud-setter went wild, you get the challenge of finding a place to eat. Since my sassy latino friend never knows where he wants to go, I start with a long laundry list of suggestions and he rejects them one-by-one. This year, he surprised me! Right off the bat, he wanted to go to Riviera Maya. Okay, great! I hadn't been there in quite some time, and quite frankly didn't know what to expect. When we walked in, it was very comfortable inside. The air conditioning effectively cut the heatwave temperatures from outside. The decor was indicative of a latin theme, but without all the bold (tacky) colors. I'd describe it is more subtle and serene, even upscale.First, I noticed it was quite busy at this little hacienda. And the mix of people was quite diverse. You had everyone there---straight, gay, bi, Thai, geriatric, barely 21, and every ethnicity one could imagine. If you enjoy a diverse crowd, as I do, then you will fit right in at Riviera. THE SERVICE...The service was pleasant. We each decided to try some things outside of our comfort zone, and asked our server for a drink suggestion. Margaritas are so trite, don't you think? We were more than satisfied with the zingy Extreme Tamarind Vodka Presses. I like it when the wait staff takes initiative, and shows some enthusiasm. We lucked out with a great server.THE FOOD...After tasting the food, I understood what draws such a substantial crowd! The food exceeded our expectations. My friend had Shrimp Tacos, and I had Tacos Calabacitas (which are a meatless taco with zucchini, corn, beans, tomatoes, cilantro, and seasoning). Each dish came with a flavorful rice pilaf embellished with fresh veggies, and the most wonderful tortilla soup I think I've ever had! (It was hot and spicy, but not overbearing--and addictive!) The seasonings in the dishes were spot on! The shrimp were fresh (not frozen) and plentiful. "AUTHENTICITY..."I also want to add, that for all of the food critics out there that split a g-string over the excitement of everything having to be "authentic, authentic!" , you can rejoice. This place is as genuine as you are ever going to eat. So, if you have one of these annoying "authentic" friends that loves to speak with a temporary fake dialect when pronouncing the food names (as if it gives them some credibility as a food expert), take them here! And make them agree to forever shut up about "authenticity." Just to make sure i didn't hit the place on a lucky night, I returned with one of my more annoying friends (see paragraph above). She proceeded to order everything with a "Castillan accent, " pronouncing every "S" as a "TH". Tacos becomes "Tacoth." So asinine! Even she loved the food and commented on how "authentic" it was (shocker).MOLES...I should note, their specialty are the mole sauces, and I did get to sample them on my second trip back. They are damn good! You will definitely want to try these!FIVE credible stars for Riviera Maya--the latin-inspired restaurant that proves that fresh latin food does not employ the use of a microwave oven.
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,9/28/2012,114,173,5,4,5>How have I not reviewed this place yet?!The Oriental is my cinema of choice in the Milwaukee area. When I was a college student, I enjoyed the provided discount w/ ID. Film selection is always a great mix of smart big box films and indie flicks that I wouldn't have the chance to see elsewhere.Staff is super nice and fun. They provide Junior Mints CHILLED. CHILLED, people! Mind = blown. I've never been to a cinema that does that for patrons!Support Landmark Theatres!! And the Oriental of course.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,9/27/2012,27,57,3,7,4>A very solid 4 stars. Maybe 4.5. This joint was fairly quiet on the Wednesday night my wife and I stopped in, but despite the dim lighting and intimate atmosphere, it still felt lively. The menu is pretty limited, but that's one of the charms of this place. A few apps, a few salads, some soups and entrees, and ever-changing nightly specials. I opted for the pork chop special which was served with Door County cherries and a balsamic reduction. Some mashed potatoes and asparagus with pattypan squash were on the side. The pork chop was easily the best grilled chunk of swine I've ever had. It had a great char on the outside and was juicy on the inside. The sauce was a perfect complement. I should let my wife write the review of the taters because she stole most of mine. I think they were pretty damn good. I drank a couple of $1 taps of Genesee Cream Ale. Not too shabby. Almost makes me wish I went to college in upstate NY so I could've guzzled buckets of it for 4 years. My wife had the gall to order a $5 nice beer. For shame. Service was fantastic as well. Leisurely but attentive. Very friendly. I suppose I'd recommend this as a nice date spot or a chill group of friends. Really it's a gem on S. 2nd St. Check it out.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,9/26/2012,141,343,2,6,3>About 2 yrs ago, after years of being asked "are you an owner?" I bit the bullet and became one. For one reason only: supplements. The outpost has an extensive array of vitamins, herbs, different soy, whey, hemp, etc protein powders; and an excellent flaxseed product collection. I'm of the belief that if you have a problem, any supplement can help you out. Sure, its magical thinking to some degree, but whatevs.  You also get a supplement punch card as an owner, and if you spend about $100 during a year on them it makes sense to become an owner. Things the outpost is also good for: coconut products. They have oils, yogurts, juices, waters, milks etc if you're convinced of the magical power of the coconut. They have a really nice collection of tea and wines. Personal care products (soap, oils etc) are also well represented. The deli/bakery area is nice.Not so good: produce. You'd think it be great- its a health food/organic place, right?  Honestly I've never had good luck with fruits and veggies here. Truly a better experience at any pick n save. Also not so hot imo is the frozen food area. I can get most of the Annies kitchen and veggie burger products at PNS for less.So the verdict? I'm an owner but only come here once in a while for special items. I couldn't do all or even half my grocery shopping here. Yes, it is pricey, but the items I really want to buy here are very worth it. I still also NEVER frequent the whole foods and would always pick this place (either the riverwest or tosa locations) over them.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,9/25/2012,73,356,,5,5>The Chinooks offer exciting Northwoods League baseball at  beautiful Kapco Park on the equally beautiful campus of Concordia University on the bluffs of Lake Michigan.  The detail and care this team has put into making their games a memorable experience for their fans is evident from their merchandising and concessions to its facilities and daily promotions.  In all, if you like baseball and summertime fun, you gotta check out the Chinooks.  Batter up!
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2011,8/30/2011,8,36,3,4,5>In all honesty, no words I write here can amount to the greatness of the Urban Ecology and its major impact/influence on the Greater Milwaukee area. It is establishments exactly like these that continue to genuinely educate the community on the importance of environmental principles by setting an example. UEC does this by embracing what modern eco-design has provided contractors and architects for years. Only, it takes the people and community themselves to really complete what this area represents by putting forth enough passion for the well-being of the area and the future of the environment.Aside from providing such an amazing location for children, young adults, and the elderly to learn and exercise their "green-thumb," the UEC has done a fantastic job at advocating what it means to live environmentally friendly outside of their Park Pl. location and into the urban community. Speaking by experience, I commend them for this! The location itself, as others have mentioned, runs completely "off the grid," meaning it runs entirely on energy obtained through the sun, wind, and water. In total, the UEC contains 246 solar panels, providing 44-kilowatts. As as a result, it is known as Wisconsin's largest solar power system. The sun provides the electricity for the building and only rain water runs through the toilets. In addition to that, the outside sees one of the most amazing rain gardens I've ever seen in my life. To my knowledge, the UEC has the capability to become LEED certified, but they choose not to only because the money itself can be put to better use, like you know,  keeping the place running and doing all the great things they do. A wise choice, in my opinion.In addition to cutting-edge design, UEC contains themed rooms where students and adults can learn about solar energy, Aquaponics, composting, and nature. Notable areas include a small area of reptiles and turtles, "secret door," composting room, slide that leads to the outdoors, rock-climbing wall, and tower.Throughout the year, UEC provides equipment to those interest and even hosts a festival to commemorate the summer solstice. They run summer camps for children and hold so many workshops + events it's ridiculous. I, myself, have volunteered several times with other students to clean invasive greens around the area - an event that happens several times during the week. Not only that, but it also is situated alongside the Oak Leaf Trail which parallels the Milwaukee River. Can it get any better than this? If there is one place I BEG everyone to go to, it's here.Major love for the UEC. I totally fan-girl 4 u.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2011,8/29/2011,0,253,2,7,3>Best Burger Ever!!  I have been going to Nite Owl since I was born and nothing has ever changed.  A thick, juicy burger, side of onion rings and a chocolate malt.  Doesn't get any better than that.  Nite Owl is an Ice Cream Parlour and Sandwich Shoppe right out of the 50's.  If it isn't broke, don't fix it.  Make sure you take cash with you.  They don't accept check, debit or credit cards.  And, they are closed during the winter months.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2011,8/28/2011,14,135,,3,3>I don't get the negativity here from other diners - I feel like I dined at a different restaurant than the one reviewed by a lot of the other people here?Service was fantastic.  Same setup as other bartolotta restaurants - 2 servers for each table and great attention to detail.Dining room is comfortable and inviting.  My only beef is that I think they crammed a few too many tables in - we were sitting closer than we'd have liked to other tables.Food itself was fantastic.Appetizers were excellent.Steaks themselves were great.  I had the bone-in ribeye and it was fantastic.  A little salt and pepper - nothing else.I don't understand why people here are writing that this place is overpriced.  Relative to similar steakhouses in town - Mr. B's is less expensive.  The steaks were probably 5-10% less than steaks at other places - with free choice of potato.We had the rosemary oven roasted potatoes which were great.Deserts were fantastic as well.  My wife had pecan pie and I had a ramekin full of berries - topped with an oatmeal crisp and ice cream.  it was awesome. I usually don't finish desert - but I crushed this thing, and even considered ordering another one.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,8/27/2011,56,86,6,12,4>Here's what you really need to know about Luci Boutique: The first thing I said when I initially walked in back in 2009 was, "Hmm...I don't know if I can fit any of this stuff." The first thing the owner (Clai) said to me in response, and I'll never forget it:"Oh NOOO honey. I have dresses for women of ALL shapes & sizes."He was right. Over the past 2 years of living in Milwaukee, I've purchased some of the most beautiful dresses I own from Luci Boutique. Check out the pics and see for yourself. Clai takes great pride in knowing what women of all age groups and sizes want to wear, what looks good on them, and what will make them feel beautiful. The boutique is beautifully decorated, with inventory that changes all the time. A girl could spend HOURS trying on pretty things in here. The price tags attached to the clothes even say, and this is a direct quote, "I am the most beautiful woman in the world."  They even send out weekly emails with killer sales, and the emails usually end with "Luci Loves You! xoxo"How can you not love that? I don't know about those other reviewers who didn't love the place; if you're expecting Nordstrom...go to Nordstrom. Luci is a fun & funky local boutique where you are certain to find the perfect outfit for date night, a wedding, a day at the beach, or a night out on the town. Shop local!
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2011,8/26/2011,115,264,4,6,5>Ohhhh god. We're stepping on hallowed ground. If you ever meet anyone from Milwaukee who has never been to Conejito's then you need to walk away. Quickly. There is something seriously wrong with them and you are in grave danger. From the orange counter top to the kitschy (borderline creepy) decor to the banda music (How could you not love it? It's like polka from south of the border!), the place is very unique. Then there's the food. My all time favorite is the chopped meat tacos. There is something that feels a bit dangerous about ordering something so vague, but they are incredible. Best of all,  I have ZERO clue what is in them.  Cold PBR and wonderful servers are the cherry on top. I don't know if I could ever love a Mexican Restaurant the way I love Conies.
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2011,8/25/2011,1,9,3,3,3>Moving, it causes so much trauma.When I moved from Pewaukee to Wauwatosa in 2007, part of the pain was leaving "my coffee shop" behind.  And so it was with a mix of sadness and excitement that I began looking for "my new coffee shop".  And for the past 4 years that has been the Alterra in Wauwatosa.Having now spent hundreds of mornings reading my newspaper in this comfortable setting, I can speak with authority on the deliciously strong coffee, soul-warming baked oatmeal, and palate-pleasing espresso drinks - all of them top-notch.  The regular morning crowd is friendly, and the staff always know what to begin pouring for me, before I've even said "Good morning!"  And there is always a great, changing selection of take-home coffee beans to brew up at home. If you find yourself in the vicinity in the evening hours, stop in for a delicious soup, sandwich, salad, or wrap.  One of my personal favorites is the Sumatra Pork Burrito - always hot, flavorful, and scrumptious.In the mornings you'll want to arrive early, as the small amount of on-site parking fills quickly.  On the weekend, street parking is less restricted, so stretch your legs a bit and park a block away.  But other than the limited parking, I think you'll find this coffee shop has everything you need: great coffee, good food, a good atmosphere, friendly people, and a great location in 'Tosa.And now, as I pack my boxes to move out of Wauwatosa, I begin the adventure of looking for "my new new coffee shop".  Ugh!
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2011,8/24/2011,73,356,2,2,2>Hey now, I found a new dive! Stopped in here after a long day moving my girlfriend's ridiculous paraphernalia from her old apartment to ye olde storage unit.  Moving makes me cranky, and this watering hole was in my sights when we started working, so after we were done we went inside for a beer.  We were greeted by the jovial, rotund owner who was funny and personable from the get-go.  It was happy hour, so we enjoyed some snacks including some very respectable bar wings.  I'd check it out if you're in the neighborhood.  It's a little hard to see if you're not looking for it, but worth the effort if you can spot it from the road.  Like I said, it's a dive, so don't go expecting The Ritz.
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,8/23/2011,34,209,,6,3>I finally made it to Bosley on Friday. I wanted to try the Happy Hour Specials everyone raves about. When I walked in around 4:30pm the bar was almost packed. Get there early. I tried the Fish tacos, Cranberry Juice mixed with Mango Juice (yum) for a $1 and I had a brownie to top my meal. The meal was filling. I can't wait to go back and try other things on the menu especially the chocolate covered key lime pie. When I was done I was given a rewards card with my bill. Its free to sign up. This is how it works with every 500 pts you accumulate you receive $25.00 loyalty certificate to redeem . I can't wait to go back with my friends. .
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2011,8/22/2011,53,78,,4,2>With a 4.5 star rating on Yelp and a strong recommendation from a friend I suggested this was the place we go for an early dinner to celebrate my wife's birthday. I had heard about how "tiny" the place is, and they don't take reservations, so we made a point of getting there a little before 5:30pm on a Friday. We were the second group there, and were seated against the wall at a 3-seat table. Yes, very cozy, and I could just imagine what it was going to be like in 2-3 hours. It's the size place where you better be friendly with your neighbor, because you're practically going to be sitting on their lap. On to the food!We started with the MUST-HAVE prosciutto wrapped asparagus spears. I loved the little char on the prosciutto from grilling, and the overall effect-flavor was awesome. I ordered the large Caesar salad to split with my wife and daughter. One of the better one's I've had in a while. Top of the line greens, lots of croutons, and a light-flavorful dressing. Very fresh and delicious. At this point let me talk about prices. This is one of the RARE restaurants left in Milwaukee where you can look at what you're getting vs. what you're paying and your immediate reaction will be: This place is cheap! The large VERY GOOD Caesar was $6! That's $10-14 anywhere else.My wife ordered the lobster filled ravioli on a cream sauce, and gave it a thumbs up. My daughter ordered the tortellini with fontana cheese, but ended up eating more of my wife's entree. I had a pasta dish with gorgonzola cheese, grapes, walnuts, (I added chicken), and a white wine sauce. I liked it----lighter and perfect for a hot summer night. Since it was a B-Day celebration we had to have dessert! My daughter ordered the pineapple sorbet that was definitely home-made and arrived in a hollowed out half of a pineapple---nice presentation---and delicious. My wife and I split a lemon layer cake. It wasn't quite what I was expecting with a bit of an artificial lemon flavor going on, but my wife liked it. Service was friendly if not a bit scattered especially considering the place was only about 1/3 full by the time we were leaving 1.5 hours after arriving. Again the bill was a pleasant surprise considering everything we had ordered. Beware! Cash only! There is an ATM right in the middle of the place for cash emergencies. Definitely an enjoyable experience for us. We shall return!
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,8/21/2011,94,294,,5,4>Stopped here with a friend yesterday for lunch around 1pm. We were acknowledged immediately and told to sit wherever we would like. Once we sat down, thew server told us he would be with us in a minute. Someone else brought water to the table immediately. Within minutes, Ricky came to the table to take our orders. We ordered spring rolls for appetizer, lemongrass chicken, pho with brisket and tripe and jack fruit and mango bubble shakes.The appetizer arrived before our shakes. The spring rolls were fresh and tasty. The peanut dipping sauce was delicious, but even better with chili mixed in to give it a kick.The shakes came in tall glasses with a super wide straw so the 'bubbles' could be sucked through. The jack fruit shake was refreshing. The mango was a bit sweeter, but equally delicious.My Pho was so wonderful. It came in a huge bowl with a large platter of fresh herbs, lime, sprouts and jalapenos. The noodles were cooked to perfection. The flavor was superb.The lemongrass chicken was also fresh and tasty. The noodles were cooked to perfection. It had just enough spice and came with a delicious sweet sour sauce.Unfortunately, we had no appetite for dessert. Ricky packed our leftovers to go. He even brought us to go cups for our shakes we couldn't finish.The service was good. The food was even better. Highly recommend if you are in the mood for Vietnamese food and a casual atmosphere.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,8/15/2013,54,18,2,15,6>In the short time that Love Handle has been open, I've been able to gobble up quite a bit of their menu and it's all spectacular. Someone gave them 4 stars because $9 is a bit much for a sandwich. I agree that $9 is a bit much for a basic sandwich and that's cool because there's a Subway a couple blocks away if you're into processed meats and cheaper sandwiches. If you have taste buds and dignity, however, $9 for a Love Handle sandwich is a freaking bargain. I'll try to be concise but I'm kind of a wordy wench when I get excited about food:The Cynthia sandwich: duck confit, pea shoots, peach marmalade - a most delicious combination. It's a big sandwich, too, so you won't leave hungry. The bread is perfect - sturdy enough to not fall apart but not tough like my teeth are wrestling for a bite. It came with perfectly done chips and a little container of pickled onions. Carrot soup with duck jelly:  It sounds off-putting to anyone who doesn't dig carrot soup but I can guarantee you, it's not overly carrot-y. The duck jelly melts into the soup and gives it an extra savory kick.Taleggio ice cream: I don't know how to describe it. The flavor seemed mild at first but then it got a bit more rich. It'll make anyone happy. There was no mental adjustment to eating a cheese ice cream; it's like it was meant to be.  And the candied pistachios on top were perfect.The Nicey sandwich: beef brisket, arugula pesto, oyster mushrooms. I had this sandwich for dinner and it was hearty, filling, but not overwhelming. Buffalo duck leg: it's buffalo sauce over a duck leg. They do great, praiseworthy things with duck at Love Handle. It was tender, spicy, and wonderful. Churros with spicy chocolate sauce: these churros will put all other churros to shame. They're shorter but that's why you get several of them, and the chocolate sauce was just spicy enough so that you appreciate the spice without it killing off the sweetness of the chocolate. It was big enough for my boyfriend and I to share, and I felt no shame when I ran my finger along the inside of the chocolate sauce bowl to get the last of the chocolate sauce out for myself. No shame.The Baptiste sandwich: paprika-cured salmon, apple slices, arugula, lemon mascarpone. This was savory, filling, and refreshing, all at the same time. So now you know - the food is nothing short of amazing. As for the location, it's great - it's on E. North Avenue, the block before the water tower, and right by Columbia St. Mary's Hospital. The owners are super friendly and have made the restaurant space look great. It's a very welcome addition to the Prospect/North area, and if you want outstanding food, go there. The prices are incredibly good for such high quality, delicious, made-right-there-in-the-kitchen-you-can-see food. Sandwiches are $9, small plates are $4-8, soup is $6, desserts are $4-5.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,8/14/2013,43,106,6,5,5>Where do I start? We'd never been to the Wisconsin State Fair grounds before and boy were we in for a treat. Rummage-O-Rama is some of the best people watching I've encountered outside of a Nascar race. I can only imagine that the second event in April gets better as the temperature rises. This review consists of two parts: the rummage sale and the people watching. Note: Take some sort of canned good and you'll get half off of your admission ticket a whopping $2 off. First, lets talk about the rummage sale! What more can you ask for than old people selling you stuff that has the bewildering stench of yester-year and in many cases just as much dust. From vintage vinyl to antique dolls to pre-1900's depression glass there is so much to choose from. Take plenty of cash and be prepared to barter like you were at a Morroccan street bazaar. The whispers of, "I can do better on my prices" or "Half off if you like what you see" from all the hunched over little old men and women manning their booths is just so reminiscent of a day and time where people werent out to take you for everything you've got and were merely looking for an honest and fair deal. Yes, there's a considerable amount of wholesale junk for sale here, however the majority is actually a pretty decent stuff. If you live a shabby chic life and enjoy a bit of vintage bric-a-brac this place is definitely for you. Second, the people watching. OMG, where do I start? I have to say the previous reviewer hit it right on the head, "grizzled, orange, bedazzled, nicotine hacking women on the arms of burly biker men...". We saw pink haired women, SUPER-mullets, too tight two-piece denim outfits, plenty of porn-staches, and oh so many missing teeth rockin' vintage Old Milwaukee, Pabst or Blatz t-shirts. Not to mention this could invariably be renamed the Sweatpants-O-Rama as the population outside of my fiance and I were rockin' out in their best "Sunday Sweats". Overall it was the best use of 2-3 hours on a Sunday afternoon. We bought some kitschy items and some vintage vinyl in A+ condition and spent less than $14. The vendors were friendly and full of smiles (some less toothy than others) and eager to tell you all about some of their vintage items, so you get a little local history and some priceless entertainment. Definitely would reccomend going to the next one and take some friends as its a great reason to get out of the house and get a few laughts.
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2013,8/13/2013,85,224,,6,6>This beautiful Art Deco building was constructed by the Milwaukee Gas Light Company in late 1929 and opened in 1930. It was constructed in a remarkable nine months! The building designed by a premier Milwaukee architectural firm, Eschweiler & Eschweiler. The design of the Milwaukee Gas Light Company building includes different materials to enhance the appearance. The first two floors are clad with Coldstone granite from Minnesota, starting with the third floor, bricks are progressively lighter in color toward the top of the building. The cornices of the setbacks and the upper floors use Milwaukee's famous Cream City brick to make the Art Deco styled building seem taller and sunnier.Beautiful copper sculptured panels adorned the spandrels and large bronze doors served the main entrance. All the artful works proclaimed the building to be the headquarters of the Milwaukee Gas Light Company. In 1966, with the era of gas lights lost for decades, the company changed its name to Wisconsin Gas Company. All the identifying marks of the Milwaukee Gas Light Company were removed at that time, and sadly, were lost.In 2001, the Wisconsin Gas Company was acquired by WICOR, the holding company that also owned Wisconsin Electric Company. The two firms that had been bitter rivals for so many decades were now under the same ownership. Employees of the old gas company, today known as WE Energies, were moved out of the building and merged into the WE Energies facilities. The Wisconsin Gas Company building was sold to a private developer, who found and restored the copper sculptures as well as the bronze entrance doors. The building is partially occupied and space is available for lease. In 1956, a large sign was added to the peak of the roof top. The sign is in the shape of a gas flame and was added primarily to promote the use of gas for cooking and heating. It was also lit at night to make weather forecasts. The flame is lit with neon and will show red, blue or gold, either solid or flashing. Several mnemonics were published over the years to help viewers remember the key to interpreting the forecast, such as this one:When the flame is red, it's warm weather ahead!When the flame is gold, watch out for cold!When the flame is blue, there's no change in view!When there's a flickering flame, expect snow or rain!For many years, Wisconsin Gas Company sponsored weather forecasts on a local television station. At the end of the forecast, a slide of the lit flame was shown on screen with the personality stating the flame on top of the Gas Company Building was blue, red or gold and explain what that meant. Since it was a slide, with no animation, if the flame was flashing to indicate precipitation in the forecast, the station simply flashed the entire slide off and on, so the entire building went dark, too!The flame was visible for miles and was even used as a navigational aid by ships on Lake Michigan. As taller buildings began to surround the Wisconsin Gas Company Building and weather forecasts became readily available from radio and television, the flame lost its significance as a weather forecasting tool. In 1973, at the peak of the energy crisis, the light was extinguished. It returned to use in 1985.The current owner of the building maintains the tradition, and the gas flame shines from sundown to midnight every night.(Author's note, a similar sign predicts weather on the roof of the American Trust and Savings Bank in Dubuque, Iowa. It is a tower, not a gas flame!) yelp.com/review_share/_7
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,8/12/2013,141,343,5,4,6>Bahaha I can't believe it took this long to add notte to yelp. I'm wayyyy too old to really be going there, but I'm sure you already know I went, so anyhow...Its above tutto restaurant and can get busy after 11 or so depending on the night. Its all dark and cavernous and totally what I expect a club to be like. One whole wall is pretty much a bar and the rest is a dance floor with some impossible to ever get at seats here and there. The night I was there was one of those times where you don't remember much but know you had a good time. The only things that really stand out in my mind?  Singing and dancing to "she will" & some dude telling me with what appeared to be complete sincerity that his "monies' long." Whoever said chivalry was dead?  But fun times and all on a friday. Just be sure and watch those heels on the stairway on the way out, ladies.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,8/11/2013,181,369,5,5,3>I recently took myself on a date to see Life of Pi.Now - it had been awhile since I last visited Fox Bay... and my last impression wasn't all that great.  I think I was just really thrown off by the 70's swivel chairs and decor.But this time I went in more open minded and appreciated the theater for it's local charm.It seems that the sound and picture were upgraded since I was last in as well.  Digital and all that jazz.  Good stuff.One complaint - the screen seems a bit small for such a large room.The food?  AOK.  I'm not sure what tempted me to get the Tuna Steak sandwich (at a movie theather Tony?  REALLY?)  It was.. ok.  I guess I'm not sure what I was expecting.  Next time I'll just stick with food of the unhealthy variety as that's what you're supposed to do at the theater, right?In the end - I enjoyed the movie and I enjoyed the fact that I supported local!
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,8/10/2013,14,122,1,6,1>A wonderful find for me on a weekend. I was really amazed that i had not been here prior or seen much advertising. At first i was very apprehensive about eating a hotel restaurant. We all know what that food tastes like don't we? I was WRONG! The food was excellent and the service was even better.The drinks were very reasonably priced. I thought that they might be a little expensive considering the overall mood of the establishment...Guess what? I was WRONG! So i said well for that price ill take two! The bar was real old school upscale jazz club type. The band with the piano, the bass, and the cello were in the background of the bar area creating a enjoy-us speakeasy vibe.The waitstaff were extremely pleasant and looking to help when ever they could. The employees were all dressed professional. I had the Amish Chicken. This dish was great. I was able to see the dish being prepared seeing that the kitchen is open to the floor ,which is a great concept if i may add. All of the food on the menu i would say was reasonably priced. If you happen to go take a look around then back at the menu so you can see why some things are priced the way that they are. My mom always told me "son you get what you pay for" That means if you pay cheap you get cheap...if you pay good you get good.The only problem that i had is that they were almost no people of color besides my self. This is not the Mason Street Grille's fault, I just think that it is a shame that not everyone is enjoying this place the way that i did. I would change this if i could so that everyone could see how wonderful the food and establishment is.Mason Street Grill is a wonderful place to stop in to have dinner. Put on your Sunday's best and make a trip down to Mason Street.
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,8/9/2013,35,299,2,9,5>In the year that I've worked at Schlitz Park, I've taken advantage of almost every Take Out Tuesday offered. Basically, every Tuesday about 10-12 food trucks park along Cherry Street during lunch time and it's a great addition to the office park. In my time, I've experienced every truck I've desired and none has come CLOSE to being as good as Roll MKE. I've tried 2 different menu items over the last 3 weeks and have never been disappointed. Lets start with their burger. Seriously, the best thing I've ever eaten off of a food truck. It's quality angus beef, a delicious potato bun, a delicious sauce and a bacon jam that will blow your mind. I'm not smart enough to tell you what a bacon jam is, but it's absolutely freaking delicious. I've also had their Pulled Pork and it's one of the best bbq dishes I've eaten in Milwaukee. Tender bbq with the perfect amount of sauce, and a delicious coleslaw as well. Definitely looking forward to trying the beef brisket grilled cheese next week. I know these guys are at the US Bank Building Monday and Wednesdays, and I believe the courthouse on Thursdays...if you get the chance, you need to check them out.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,8/8/2013,77,153,1,4,5>TOTAL PACKAGEI was shopping for patio furniture, and had done extensive research on the difference between domestic versus imported, differences in construction, and overall cost comparisons. I had done my homework.SELECTIONAllied had the most diverse and broad selection of any of the patio furniture showrooms I'd visited, and frankly any online vendor I perused. While Patio Place in Thiensville looked like a showroom where basketweave tables go to breed and multiply, Allied had something for everyone. Want a table with a cast-aluminum base that looks like a Grecian urn? why not, they have it. Want contemporary? It's here. Want a basketweave? Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's HERE too.ATTENTIVE SERVICEI had looked at all the tables and sets, and was about to leave when a salesperson, Douglas, popped out of nowhere like "El Kabong" and asked what questions I might have. Timing is everything, because he allowed me the time to survey the inventory without feeling pressured, but was there when I needed him. If you've ever visited an Ashley Showroom, then you know what I'm talking about. I appreciated not being stalked, but at the same time having access to someone in the know.Douglas did show me the differences in construction, and educated me about the various guarantees that each manufacturer offers on frames and finishes. More about that will follow in my review for Laake & Joys.  I determined that the line that is unequivocally the sturdiest and most attractive from my perspective is the Tropitone line. Their pieces have, in general, more of a contemporary feel, with a radial pattern that dominates their line. PRICINGAllied was offering 40% off list, combined with the fact that they buy "package deals" from their vendors, and do so in quantity. The set I looked at was a radius-style table an six chairs, all cast-aluminum construction. With the 40% off I believe the cost was somewhere around $1,840. I would have paid double that at the last place I visited. RATINGFIVE STARS. This place had everything I wanted in a patio furniture store: Knowledgeable, professional, and courteous staff, top-of-the-line product, and extremely competitive pricing. I was ready to pull the trigger. The ONLY reason I didn't make the purchase was because Laake & Joys had a tent sale with liquidation prices I couldn't pass up. I will most likely be back to Allied to purchase something in the future, and would recommend them to others, based on my experience.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,8/7/2013,117,150,2,8,6>Such a fantastic idea. The Milwaukee market may be small still, but it's growing!Zipcar was just bought by Avis/Budget which is going to be huge. But for right now, the Zipcar service in Milwaukee is pretty awesome on its own.It's meant to be used when you just need a car for a few hours for stuff like running errands, or moving a thing, or going out to the burbs for some reason. There is a yearly fee, which is not a lot, and then each car is usually $8 or $9 per hour. There are options for renting for longer. Best part: YOU DO NOT PAY FOR GAS.The cars are really nice, ranging from hybrid to SUV. Reserve online or smartphone app. Unlock with a card, or unlock with your phone! We're living in the future, people!UWM and Marquette students/staff/employees get discounts, but anyone can sign up. Cars available on campus, or East Side. Check it out!
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,8/6/2013,31,61,6,7,4>When my boyfriend and I initially entered Cafe Benelux, the smiling hostess attentively welcomed us and a server passing by complimented my boots.  To this, I say: Good on ya, Cafe Benelux.  I'm already impressed.  Clearly your staff appreciates the importance of making any guest feel comfortable right from the get-go.  It was 4:00 pm on a Sunday and the main dining room was empty-ish, so our bubbly hostess suggested we choose our own table (rather than stalwartly adhere to her etched-in-stone floor chart and herd us off to a table with which we would be less comfortable).  After plopping side-by-side into our spacious, main-floor booth, I noticed the repurposed bowling alley lane table top would look more appropriate in the dining room of a Buffalo Wild Wings; regardless, I can't fault any business that chooses to recycle.  That's what's up.Then we opened the beer list.  Beer menu?  Beer BIBLE?  BEER COMPENDIUM?! Dear Sweet Baby Jesus, there were so many beers I went cross-eyed.  So you can clearly understand why it took us, uh, something like 20 whole minutes to narrow it down.  Honestly, I think I could have thrown a dart at any one of the beer list's 47382978329 pages to choose arbitrarily and STILL end up with something tasty.  And effing strong.  A timely caution: A number of these brews have the same alcohol-by-volume -- if not more! -- as a glass of wine, so champ-chugging like it's PBR or Bud Light will only end in tears.  Don't say I didn't tell you so.  Now pony up $8.50 for however many ounces equal 350ml.  I suggest the Pyraat.After placing our food order (thankfully Cafe Benelux's lunch/dinner menu won't cause the eyestrain their beer list inevitably will), our server did something I LOVE: he made a personal suggestion regarding how my boyfriend's sandwich could be made better.  He recommended substituting a bun made of glorious pretzel bread.  And then, JUST before our meals arrived, he delivered a ramekin of basil aioli so we could try it with our frites.  As you would expect, frites dipped in basil aioli is exactly as genius as it sounds.  My partner-in-crime ordered the pulled pork sandwich -- on a pretzel bun, of course -- with mango barbecue (AWESOME!)sauce and sesame cilantro slaw.  It existed at our table for approximately two minutes and 38 seconds (concrete evidence that Operation: Fill Boyfriend's Stomach was a success).  I very much enjoyed the chunks of onion, basil, and tomato in my bowl of tomato soup.I understand that we made our first visit at this popular Historic Third Ward restaurant early in the evening on a rainy March Sunday, and NOT at noon on a Saturday in June when people will murder their mother in order to get a seat on Cafe Benelux's rooftop patio.  A la, I will acknowledge there are potential hi-jinx I'm sure my comrade and I avoided by going when we did.  But isn't this true for any restaurant?Based on this, our very positive first experience at Cafe Benelux, we are definitely going to return. Perhaps to brave the hungry, seething masses on some warm, spring, Saturday afternoon in order to get thrown off of their goooooorgeous rooftop patio.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2011,6/3/2012,126,304,4,11,9>And this my friends, is my new favorite place.  The place I will now be talking about for the next week and telling everyone to "Go".Ah, where do I begin?  I was in a mood last night and went to Yelp to look through my bookmarks.  I revisited the reviews on The Noble and couldn't quite imagine the menu, space and all over feel of the place.  So I go to the website.  No menu.  Hmp.  I told the Mister I would like to go to a couple bars on the South Side so let's stop off for dinner at this mysterious new place.Instantly, when you walk in you are overcome with how sweet the ambiance truly is: oldies playing softly in the background, 5 tables (booth on one side, chair on the other, the mister and I snuggled up on the booth side together cuz I'm crushing on him), 10 bar stools, vintage decor very tastefully done, bathrooms very neat and dainty, antiques a plenty (our table was an old Singer treadle!)  The server was as sweet as button:  attentive but certainly gave us our space.  The owner/chef came out and explained that the menu changes nightly (hence why I couldn't find it online) and he said buys whatever is fresh and in season veggie wise.  There are about 3 apps, 2 salads, and 3 entrees served nightly.  Also 3 crafty cocktails as well. (Not sure about dessert, we didn't get that far, but next time!)I love a small and thoughtful menu.  To me, restro get into trouble when offering a large menu because it usually means very little is fresh.  The offerings the night we went where, Veggie Lasagna, Bacon Wrapped Meatloaf and a steak of some sort.  We got the Veggie Lasagna (accompanied by salad and a slice of in house made bread) and meatloaf (accompanied by mashed pots and grilled zuchs).  We also started with a cup of the creamy tomato soup and beet/walnut/goat cheese salad.  Everything was excellent.  The prices are also very reasonable- we got a glass of the Conquista Malbec at $3/glass and 2 apps and 2 entrees- bill was $50- for a homemade comfort-food meal, can't beat it.Every table was full when we left and yet the chef still made time to greet every table and explain the menu and offerings that night (I even saw him shakin' up a martini!).  Very fun night and one of the sweetest restaurants in Milwaukee.  Can't wait to go back.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,6/2/2012,55,104,,10,4>This group of ladies (formerly of the well known Blush) have branched off and formed a new, beautiful beauty boutique right in the heart of the Tosa village. They are a talented, friendly group that I completely trust with any of my beauty needs. I always know that I will leave looking great (although maybe a little sore around the eyes from the brow wax) and feel confident in recommending them to others. The prices are very competitive, especially for the quality.The space is newly remodeled and furnished with new equipment. The feel is causal and comfortable while still being upscale. Parking is fine- if you are lucky you can get street parking but if not it's only a short walk to 3 different lots...this also allows you to do a little shopping or snacking at some of the great Tosa businesses on the way back to your car. The services range from waxing, to facials, to lash extensions, to spray tanning and they just welcomed a massage therapist to the team as well. Boutique lines of beauty products are also available for purchase.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,6/1/2012,20,128,8,9,7>The problem with copious five star reviews and constant praise on other publications (see onmilwaukee best pizza 08-11) it's almost impossible to live up to the hype. Talk to a Milwaukee resident or any random on the Eastside and they shall proclaim their love for Zaffiros. Pizza is a subjective thing. Let's look at it.Does it live up to the hype? In a sense yes. It's good tasting thin crust pizza. It's something you may think about when you are not consuming it. The random cravings are a good sign that the pizza is either1) Real Good2) Laced with narcoticsI can't tell the difference here. I'll watch for withdrawal symptoms.Are there any problems I should be aware of? You may ask. Yes. The large simply isn't large enough. You may chuckle at that but one of the things I like about pizza is having more then I need. Feeling content and knowing there is a little bit extra to take home and salivate over in private. :)!!! (notice the smiley needs exclamations)For those not familiar with the area you may find parking to be iffy. We lucked out and there was an open metered spot in front of the walgreens down the street. Look yourself in the mirror and remind yourself "It's the east side. Parking sucks" then come up with a solution. I've noted this holds people back from trying things. If it's a huge issue i'll let you know. If you still feel it's a problem try out my Chicago list and then talk to me. You'll look at Milwaukee quite differently.The restaurant is small. We got there at a good hour so the service was good. We were seated promptly and our server was efficiant without going over board. The garlic bread was awesome and evidently the salads are great. Not that I've had one I just hear things.... ;)This place has 4 stars because the pizza is pretty good and I think you'll be happy with something different. The environment is nice. I do want you to know that I really teetered on 3 stars. Because it's such a thin crust my wife and I polished it off. You may object "You're probably obese". I assure you I am not. Groups of 4 or more should consider a second pizza. For every two normal eaters get 1 pizza. It's better to have leftovers then to have someone wishing there was more.It's good pizza. It's seriously not going to blow your face off but it's pretty good. Again because of size of pizza, small restaurant, iffy parking this could really be a 3 star choice. Keep that in mind when traveling!
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2011,5/31/2012,18,41,3,7,7>As I search through everything Yelp has to offer, looking for more places to try and seeing ratings for places I have been to, nothing has shocked me quite as much as the 3-star rating I came across for The Pasta Tree.  Granted, I am one person, my experience with the place does not transfer to everyone who visits here, but such a low rating for such a great place was a surprise to me.But this is also the beauty of Yelp (and the internet in general). I can share what I have experienced and maybe have a positive influence or maybe even get some of those people who didn't have a good time on their first visit to try it again.The Pasta Tree is basic and it's kind of bizarre in that it's a dive, but kind of romantic at the same time.  The decor feels and looks old while the restaurant is split into several different rooms like it's a converted apartment.  I guess first impressions are everything and I can absolutely see how The Pasta Tree doesn't have the most amazing first impression.  To anyone who walks in and worries because the place isn't modern and trendy, remember that beauty is only skin deep and it's inside which counts.And inside The Pasta Tree I've had the best pasta dishes I have ever found in Milwaukee.  They make their pasta by hand every single day.  The pasta is as fresh as fresh gets.  Their sauces (I tend to stick in the Alfredo area) are rich, creamy and full of flavor.  They have what is easily the most awesome Caesar salad I have had in my life.  Desserts are typically excellent as well with a wonderful tiramisu.  Every course I have had here has been out of this world with quality, freshness and taste.The biggest surprise to me is the commentary on service.  I have been here 5 times, lived next door and had a chance to deal with a few waitresses/waiters over that period of time.  Every single time they were ultra-friendly, attentive and caring.  Every time I have been to The Pasta Tree the server was above and beyond what you'd expect a server to be, but never to the point of annoyance.I also can't help but notice how almost every single bad review is tied to the use of a Groupon here.  Sometimes locations might oversell a Groupon and maybe that ends up killing them for a few services (we all know we wait until the last minute to use them, so when 100 people go to a tiny restaurant at once, expect a problem).  I can understand that still isn't acceptable to some, but sometimes there is a reason a place doesn't live up to expectations.The Pasta Tree is a place I will go for special occasions as long as it's open.  The quality and freshness of the pasta is not matched in Milwaukee.  The service is excellent.  The place may be borderline divey, but it's got something beneath the surface that isn't matched at many other places in my city.  And for that I will always love The Pasta Tree.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,5/30/2012,51,147,3,6,7>Ambiance: Industrial minimalist. Steel everything countertops, appliances, shelves, etc. This location has some very modern art pieces, the huge cherry and spoon sculpture inside and the row of fiberglass cow statues standing guard outside. Outside has a concrete deck with stadium style seating. Beverages: They have coke products on tap as well as Sprecher Rootbeer, so you can have a rootbeer float if you so desire. I would also be remiss if I failed to mention their incredible shakes and malts in so many flavors it makes my head dizzy just thinking of it. Not to mention they always run a "shake of the month". My favorites are Vanilla Malt, Blue Moon Shake (SOM), Lime Shake and Marshmallow shake. They come regular or thick. The regular is already a brick house, but the thick is something to marvel at. In my most humble opinion Kopps has the best shakes and malts I've ever had. Perfect to dip your salty greasy French Fries in....Food: As far as fast food burgers go, there is no comparison. Big, butter burgers made to order per your specifications. My order is always cheeseburger with raw onion, ketchup and Bleu Cheese sauce. I usually get fries to dip into my malt too. But let's discuss those butter burgers shall we? There are important points I need to make: *They have never, ever even once messed up my order. I don't know how on earth they manage to be perfect every stinkin' time, I'm sure it's a trade secret, I'm just happy they figured out how to do that voodoo magic. *I have never been able to finish an entire burger on my own.*The onion they give you is as big and thick as the burger itself. Thank you, Kopps, thank you for being generous with your onions.Lest I forget, their custard and sundaes can make your day better. They run a sundae of the month too. My two favorite custard flavors are Tiramisu and Rum and Coke. If you get them in a dish you get one of those lovely fragile French cookies.  Kopps does not skimp on the toppings/fillings/flavorings in their custards. When you order a Cherry Amaretto Cheesecake, you get tons of chunks of cheesecake and a generous dose of amaretto ribbon. Ditto that for Tiramisu, lots of lady fingers and coffee flavoring. You won't go a mouthful with only plain custard, each bite is jam packed.Fries-Good, Grilled Cheese - Good, Onion Rings - Good. Let's make this easy, everything- GOOD.Staff: Friendly and efficient. Even the teenagers who work there are polite. Pointers: Kopps doesn't really have seating options. They have some small pub tables sans chairs inside the building and concrete stadium benches outside. If there is one negative it's that the benches are not very comfortable to sit on. I definitely get the feeling they don't want people loitering. The other thing you can take advantage of, especially if your out of state is their "Custom 10 Pack"  where you can pick 10 flavors for the pack depending on what ship date you like. It makes a great, unique gift that showcases Wisconsin's awesomeness!
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2011,5/29/2012,117,277,4,8,5>It Mito is the perfect place to take foodies and non-foodies alike.The menu is simple, comfort Italian food, made with elegant twists and high quality ingredients. The service is out of this world. The wait staff are knowledgeable about the menu, and anticipate your needs without hovering, no matter how busy the restaurant is. I've also never managed to get more than halfway through my water before a server with a water pitcher ninja-darts in and refills it. Which is a big plus with me. I drink annoyingly fast and am frequently searching for my waiter...but never here.I highly recommend the involtini di melanzane appetizer, which are thin eggplant slices rolled up with cheese and other goodies, then covered in sauce and baked with more cheese. And the lasagna bolognese is so good, that when I brought my dad, he had to order another piece to bring home. And my nana always said that having seconds is the greatest compliment you can give a chef! Five stars all the way.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,5/28/2012,73,141,2,5,5>Hidden.  Gem.The owners have done a great job with this historic Milwaukee landmark.  The courtyards are amazing (and I have only been there in the winter so far, i just look out at them and i feel all warm and fuzzy thinking about how great it is going to be this summer).  There is a big hall that you can rent out for events, or a nice cozy little bar area with a fireplace to keep you warm.  I've not been on the tour yet, and will return to update my review when I do.  However, just in talking with Josh, the bartender and owner's son, I've learned so much about the building and the plans they have for it.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,5/27/2012,53,78,3,7,4>I am totally obsessed with Bahn Mi but there are not many places to get it in Milwaukee. This place is very authentic, cheap and quite yummy. The best part about it is that it is located inside Pacific Produce so you can check out the Asian market while you wait for your Bahn Mi. This little place is located in the front of the grocery store off to the left. It is family owned and all the people working there were incredibly nice and helpful. I had the meatball Bahn Mi (as much as I love Bahn Mi I don't really like pate so I usually order the sandwiches that come without it) and it was really good. I would definitely get it again. My husband had the more traditional sandwich with the pate and he said it was quite good-but not the best he has had. For the limited options for Bahn Mi in Milwaukee this is definitely at the top of our list. They are not skimpy on the pickled veggies and cilantro which always makes for a better Bahn Mi. I am still on the lookout for the best Bahn Mi in Milwaukee. Someone wanna open a new restaurant?!?! I think Bahn Mi would sell like crazy on the Eastside-espeically if there was a vegetarian option.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2011,5/26/2012,117,150,7,8,4>TAKE NOTE: Probably my best server experience. These guys/gals are so amazingly nice and accommodating.The menu options will not blow you away, but anything you get will be made with MEXICAN LOVE and it is MUY DELICIOSO. I was here with a group of 7 or so, and we all loved everything we got. Oh also, this place is not big enough for groups of more than 4. BUT, like I said, these guys are super nice, and they "made" a bigger table for all of us.I can't wait to go back and cram my CARA-hole with TODAS LAS COSAS.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,5/25/2012,17,72,8,4,5>Love this place.Me and the girl are not quite at the level of adult-hood yet where you acquire your own washing setup, so we use this place once a week to do all of our dirty deeds.Before she moved in and we started pooling resources (and laundry), she used to frequent some place called the Washing Well on Locust which I went to once and can verify may in fact be the entrance to Dante's Hell.The eponymous East Side Maytag Coin Laundry, or as I so amazingly and acronymizedly (WTF!) call it, the ESMCL, is the complete opposite.It's clean, the staff is friendly, and if you go on Tuesday it's only a buck to wash.I've never understood people who baby-sit their laundry (is someone going to steal your panties, lol?), so I like the ESMCL because I can go across the street to Alterra or down the block to Whole Foods while I wait.  Hell, I've even gone home and taken a nap.They also have free Wi-Fi.  I know if the girl does laundry she takes her laptop there and hangs out.  She did complain about some creepy dude asking her about some panties she forgot on the floor last time she was there, but nobody has ever bothered me.I also don't wear skimpy lace.Whatever.Anyway, it's the best place on the east side to do laundry.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,5/5/2013,296,1326,7,9,7>2-4-1 Margs on Tuesday - Ole!! Anytime I can have 4 giant margaritas for about $12 you know I'm happy!Habaneros is very good for what it is - a Mexi joint in a strip mall that caters to suburbanites. It's far nicer than you might guess on the inside, they will make you fresh guacamole if you like and the servers are super nice.Don't expect authentic - I had to request corn tortillas for my tacos and "hard shell" is an actual option. That does not mean the food is bad - in fact, it's quite decent. Hubs recently had a shrimp/scallops/salad dish that was very fresh and yummy.Bottom line - this isn't my first choice but I've always had a really good time here. It's safe - nothing is too spicy or weird and you won't get "The Troubles".Speaking of stomach issues, did you know Henry Rollins recently had a colonoscopy? You can read his entertaining commentary here: blogs.laweekly.com/westc
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,5/4/2013,190,322,4,10,8>I read that a few former staff members of the infamous Conejito's opened their own place. I wondered if my lunch would be served on a paper plate. Alas, it was not.A basket of tortilla chips arrived soon after I sat down. It was accompanied by three salsas, a red, chunky salsa, a thin green salsa, and a very spicy and thin red salsa. I just dipped the chip in the spicy one and it made me choke a little. Although I will say that I am "soft" when it comes to my tolerance for heat.I ordered an horchata and Bistec en Salsa Verde for my lunch.First, the horchata had a good flavor to it, so LaLa's passed that test.The rice also had a nice flavor to it, but the beans had a slight unpleasant taste to them as if they were burned. Not too burned to completely ruin them, but just burned enough so that someone who knows what they SHOULD taste like would be disappointed. They were still edible.The steak was sliced thin and cut into small pieces, then enveloped in a salsa verde that had a subtle heat to it and good flavor. It is a dish I would order again. A trio of flour tortillas was included (corn tortillas were also available), but I needed just one more to finish my dish, so I switched to the tortilla chips so I could make that last tortilla last. I probably could have asked for more, but I was on a mission. Eat lunch and get back to work. LaLa (short for Alicia) was my server during a late lunch time for me. She was very friendly. Lots of "sweeties" were said. She said some too. Overall, I enjoyed my first experience and would like to go back again and see if the burned flavor in the refried beans was a fluke or just how they make them.
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,5/3/2013,115,264,9,6,6>There is this thing that I do sometimes, where I drink a lot of happy hour beers and then walk home with a case of the beer munchies. I think about all the crazy shit I want to eat when I get home but I rarely make it past Classic Slice.  They have really big slices of pizza  with lots of stuff on them, like the Meatallica. It has meatballs, sausage, bacon and pepperoni. Is it good? Does the pope shit in the woods? It's fantastic! They also have some beer and other stuff like desserts and sandwiches and maybe a salad or something. In summary: Too much beer, need to eat a thing, giant pizza,  salad maybe.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,5/2/2013,69,124,21,11,18>To you, my dear friends,this must I confess...for fine food and drinkyou should go to Tess.The draught beers are localserved foamy and finethey've even got twothat are brewed in Pembine!To start our nice mealwe shared a light appLumpia it wasmmm, pork fried in a wrap!Then came a saladspinach and crisp baconI devoured it whole.Did I mention the bacon?I went with the specialTo end the day's faminepotatoes with crabaside roasted salmon.Delicious it wasrecommended quite highlyI left stuffed and happyand really quite smiley.So friends let me say,this is not in jestif you'd like to eat welllike STAT, go to Tess!
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,5/1/2013,58,71,7,6,5>A massage with Nancy?  Oh lord Jesus, I GOT TIME FOR THAT!!!!I am a huge fan of massages and I also am a very picky massage getter( not sure that's even a real thing).  I've had some pretty bad massages in my life and it's always so disappointing to give someone $80 for a weak rub down.  Pretty sure that's why I love Lagom- it was hands down the best massage I've ever had.The room I was in wasn't very large and was a little too bright for my liking.  Thankfully Nancy offered me a lovely lavender eye pillow which really tuned out all the light.  The massage including some stretching, both heated and cool stones, and a sweet a$$ scalp massage I won't forget anytime soon.  My only complaint was that there wasn't a heating pad on the bed- that was a little disappointing.I do have to warn- if you are at all ticklish, you may want to opt out of the "abs portion of the massage.  I thought I would be ok with it but the second she touched my stomach I laughed harder than a 10 year old boy who just heard someone say wiener.  So I am pretty sure I've found my massage home, it's for sure worth checking out!
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,4/30/2013,137,194,3,8,5>We decided to venture out of our comfort zone (Old World 3rd) last night to try out the new joint in the old Fitzgibbon's spot.  I had read that they had a self tap system at tables, which intrigued me.  If you're used to the Fitz vibe- it's long gone, replaced by full length mirrors, a fancy new bar back, and a very cool copper bar.  The owner was on hand, and between him and one bartender, they easily served the extra large capacity crowd.  People were trying their hand at pouring their own drinks.  We did not partake, but probably will in the future.  Three booths all sported a very cool looking touch screen mounted underneath four table top tappers.  Pilsener Urquell is the only one I could see (Probably because it's one of my faves)  Anyway, the bartender explained that the price is per ounce, and sure enough, whenever someone would pour a beer, the screen would count the ounces.  Neat-o.Just a few tiny complaints, Pilsner Urquell is not available at the bar, only at the tables.  Also, the Cabernet Sauvignon which was advertised as their "chalk board" special, was being held chilled in a cooler.  Meh-For what it's worth, we will definitely be back if we can weather the obnoxious behavior on Water to get there.
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,4/29/2013,34,68,9,4,5>My liver is such a bitch sometimes. I have to keep reminding him who's in charge. "waaah wahhh Joe stop hurting me..." Shyadup. You'll get brown liquor and you'll like it.Downer Ave Wine & Spirits helps me fight the battle against my memories and internal organs. They have a friendly, knowledgeable staff who will talk booze with you for as long as you want. When I asked about something they didn't have and hadn't heard of, the dude was all, "Sheet meng, I gotta order sum a dat". It's small, almost boutique-y, but the selection is primo to the max brah. Really good special sales (stop in regularly, they change) and decent prices over all. They have some high end shit, so don't be surprised by sticker shock from the top shelf. Gift certificates are available and make a wonderful gift for your most favorite and sardonic yelper. Would give it a five star, but it's on Downer Ave and the denizens of that neighborhood couldn't appreciate a $10 liter of Gordon's if they were shanghaied to Beloit and stuffed in an old refrigerator with Tom Sizemore and a fuckin' raccoon.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,4/28/2013,1413,204,6,12,7>So I went out of my normal comfort zone to try an authentic Mexican restaurant. Shout out to my fellow Yelpers for penning some convincing reviews that lead to my visit today. I will start with the outside appearance and say don't be discouraged by the bars on the windows. This place has been featured in multiple print reviews.  We ventured in and were welcomed with quick service, chips, a chilled salsa bowl, and bottles of medium and hot salsa (which I dumped freely- I'm a salsa fanatico).Ambience is far from stellar, but I was there for the food and the company. Lots of families enjoying a meal together.  A neighborhood gathering place to unwind, laugh, and chill. The food--- gotta say that if NASA chose a launch site in MKE this place would fit the bill.  It's out of this world!  The food is authentic, classic, native, crave able, and down right transportable. I felt like I was Bill in Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure. I took a phone booth to the mother country. Give it a try. You may find my phone booth parked in the parking lot. If so, be sure to say "Hi!"
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,4/27/2013,117,150,6,5,5>I couldn't give two shits about baseball...BUT I LOVE MILLER PARK!!!Something about being here just makes me feel more American. I enjoy the camaraderie, the game, the food, the drinks. It's a good time, simply put.Last time I went was a Sunday afternoon game. Not sure if they normally don't have a lot of things open on Sundays or what, but one bloody mary bar was NOT enough. But the one I did get was niiiiiice and booooozy.Can't wait for the season to start ;)
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,4/26/2013,267,123,3,8,7>Historical relevance, German architecture, Milwaukee prideI have strong ties to Mader's.  My grandfather worked here after the war while working his way through barber school.  Mader's was not only his income but also his only means of subsistence.  Fast forward some 60 plus years and we are at Mader's celebrating his 90th birthday.  This event was handled beautifully.  The staff went out of their to make it special and pretty much perfect.  The food was OK.  We had a very large group which ordered off of the menu so I can chalk it up to that.  I love the gorgeous bar.  The gift shop is not to be missed.  It feels like a stein museum and is quite interesting.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,2/23/2013,61,283,3,3,3>I love love love cheese and pretty much love everywhere that sells cheese so writing a review hardly seems like a necessary thing because I will obviously give a 5 BUT I wanted to write this to make sure and inform about my favorite part of this store.In front of the check out they have "cheese orphans"  these are little odds and ends from blocks of cheese that have been sold. I like these a lot because like to make a cheese sample tray to take places and if you get a few of their cheese orphans you are all set, allows you to sample with out breaking the bank.They do have a pretty fine selection here and have always been quite friendly too.I'm a fan!
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,2/22/2013,129,308,3,6,4>First of all - good luck finding this place. Second of all - once you do, you're in for it. I work around the corner from here, and once my coworkers (damn them!) turned me onto this little gem, I've wasted many a paycheck. It is more of a food court style, so prepare to either eat quickly, or take it to go. It is located off Jefferson street, just a little North of the Blackthorn (skip it and come here). Go into the office structure and it's in the basement next to New Number One Chinese. There are a few tables scattered around for people to eat at, but I always get it to go. I try and get here around 11:30 because the line gets crazy long around peak lunch hour. They have a special of the day, and the regular items. For $8.00 you get a main dish, which I always get Chicken Masala, and a side of either spinach/potatoes, chickpeas, green peas or cous cous. Be warned, almost all the food has a kick. You also get a can of pop with your mealIf you're like me and want a little MORE, then there is a bottle of green sauce (sounds promising right?) on the end. DO IT. It is a chile lime cilantro sauce that is homemade and adds almost a sour spicy punch, it perfectly compliments the rest of the food. The roti bread in my opinion is dry and flavorless, skip it. The reason in my opinion that the lines are so long is that you really can't find food like this at this price anywhere near. Homemade Pakistani food, and the quality is consistent.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,2/21/2013,65,155,,5,7>I married my best friend here, so that automatically gives it one star.  But, they don't have six stars on Yelp, so five will have to do.When we walked into the Bacchus, we knew this was the place we'd be married.  We were done looking.  Tricia, the catering director, was warm, welcoming and kindly guided us the whole way.  Yes, it is a Bartolotta restaurant, so of course it will be more expensive.  But our vision included an amazing meal (forget the typical wedding fare) in a beautiful place, and we were not disappointed.Tricia worked out all of the logistics for the day and knew who everyone in our bridal party was.  We got married in the atrium, a glass room attached to the main building, and it was gorgeous.  After our ceremony, the bridal party was immediately met by Danielle - the most outstanding server you will ever meet.  She had a basket full of risotto fritters for us to munch on before the pictures.My husband and I snuck away for a little bit, and a server found us.  We asked him to not tell anyone where we were (we wanted to take a deep breath), and he came back with Tricia, a gift from the Bacchus staff and a plate of hors devours for us eat.  We were not bothered until the dinner started.And the dinner was perfect.  You know the food is good when the dining room gets quiet.  Everyone told us it was best food they've ever had and that the service was outstanding.Our guests loved it.  We loved it.  I can't wait to go back and celebrate our first anniversary here.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,2/20/2013,35,50,2,5,4>This place is a little cramped, and a little loud, and I was uncomfortable because I sat at a booth right underneath a vent with hot air blowing on me. But none of that mattered because of their Jerk Chicken Pita. Soo good. Easily one of the best thing I've eaten in the 1.5 years I've been in Milwaukee. I can't even describe the flavors. It was just really really good. Go there and try it!
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2012,2/19/2013,43,51,4,3,5>Bump X 2 for the Tuesday AND Thursday $2 Taco nights!  I was pretty rough on this place before...but my mind is changed!Vegetarian taco of choice = roasted veggie with avocado salsa!Pitcher of margaritas = YES PLEASE!$2 shot of mystery tequila = apprehensive, but why not!New verdict= Delicious and cheap!  And enjoying all of those things with a great group of friends makes it even better.  I really enjoy the patio.  The bar gets a little crowded.  You will find me here at least once a week from now on.  I promise.
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,2/18/2013,68,130,3,5,7>I've never been so geeked about writing a review!!! Thanks fellow yelpers for the recommendation! My husband was hesitant to try the place, not having the best experiences with Indian/Paki food in the past, however I was able to convince him today. Luckily so, since this was some of the best cuisine we've had in Milwaukee!Very small place, clean, and casual. Our waitress was new and gave great effort to make our experience pleasant. Ok... enough about that... It's really all about the food. They bring you complimentary homemade lavash (crackerbread), delicious all on its own but it is served with 3 different sauces that were full of flavor. We ordered both types of samosas, we expected to like the beef more, but the vegetable ones are to die for! Amazing crunch and texture..... MmmmmFor our meals we had the special chicken karahi, chicken makhani, and naan. The chicken was super flavorful and tender. The menu even states that the chickens are vegetarian fed by Amish. You can tell there was much care put into the dishes as the spices were perfectly balanced and everything cooked really well. The naan was the best naan I've ever had. Fluffy with the just the right amount of char. We left fully satisfied (and then some) with crazy leftovers (we may fight over the one piece of naan left). I just got back from there and thinking about it makes me hungry for more. Also, try the mango lassi....
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,2/17/2013,55,104,3,8,4>I can't believe I have never reviewed this place! This is one of my top 3 restaurants in the city. This cozy, intimate, Mediterranean/Italian restaurant is a true gem. The staff is very friendly (including Chef Fecker); I prefer to sit at the bar even for meals so I've had a chance to chat with much of the staff. It is tiny, so I would recommend reservations if you are looking for a table or if you are with a group. They start you out with roasted garlic and olive oil and fresh Italian bread. It's pretty amazing. The garlic is sweet from being roasted and the bread is always warm and fresh. I've eaten many things on their changing menu, including the polenta with chicken, the eggplant appetizer, the arrabbiata pizza, gnocchi with short ribs, bacon and Gorgonzola stuffed pork chop, tiramisu, gelato...and probably even more. It's all excellent. I can honestly say I have never had a bad meal here. They also have an extensive specialty drink list and they infuse their own vodkas. I recommend this place to everyone. I also recommend eating at the chef's counter if you ever have the opportunity. Chef Fecker is extremely charismatic and is an outstanding chef making it a really fun, entertaining, and delicious evening out.
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,2/16/2013,97,180,3,11,8>I'll be honest. To me a lot of the Mexican restaurants in the Milwaukee area are very similar and don't seem to specialize in anything. They're all between 3-4 stars for me. Rivera Maya is slightly nicer, slighter more upscale, so I'd give them a solid 4 stars. They also have more specialties (moles and margaritas) than the other local Mexican restaurants. They really do have great margaritas. You can't go wrong with a classic lime but you must try the Tamarindo margarita. Made with the fruit tamarind (google image it)and lemonade, it's different, brown, tasty and sooo good. Actually while looking up their menu just now I realized they have a Chocolate Margarita and a Horchatita margarita (made with Rum Chata and Frangelico!!!) so I'm probably going to have to go back there like this weekend  to try those two. I thought I was a serious mole lover, but had only been exposed to chocolate mole in the past. Rivera Maya has 5 different delectable moles. On my last visit I had the enchiladas with Mole de Oaxaca (chocolate and peanut mole). Yum. Great. Perfect.  They also have an appetizer that lets you sample all the moles, so if you've never ventured into the world of moles you can get your feet wet with that. They serve a tortilla soup with most meals, which is also something good and different.The atmosphere at Rivera Maya is also really hip, funky and relaxed. I think it's a perfect date night restaurant or place to have a few margaritas with friends. Definitely check them out. I wish I was drinking one of their margaritas right now.
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,2/15/2013,155,417,3,6,8>It's been about a year since I started working out with personal trainer, Karah, as well as some of the other classes offered. I've never felt or looked better. I can do things I never could before and it makes me feel proud. Karah is a really skilled trainer and always gives us a well rounded, full body workout that keeps ramping up as our athletic ability does. Each week, when I walk in the door after my work out, my husband asks, "How was work out?" The reply is simple, "It was hard! But GOOD!" I think that just about sums it all up, don't you?I've also taken classes offered by Nick, and every single time I go, he drops some serious knowledge about strength, form, posture, the body, etc. A few months ago, SH moved to a new location (closer to my house! bonus!) and I really like it. It's a big open space with squishy floors and lots of natural light. Every once in a while, SH offers other cool events like guided meditations on nights with full moons and walks by the lake. There are lots of things to try out here and I think every body should check it out. The prices are reasonable and well worth it. Overall, SH is such a positive and welcoming place!
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,2/14/2013,190,322,4,14,9>Once upon a time, there was a Peruvian restaurant in Milwaukee called El Tondero. I'd heard good things, but never made it in for a visit. Then they closed and there was a void for many years until La Parihuela opened on 90th & National. I stopped in there with a couple of friends and liked the food, but they struggled to bring in business. Soon after, Mr Sebass, another Peruvian restaurant opened at 35th & National. The food there was good but inconsistent due to changing chefs. La Parihuela closed after a few months. Their sign advertised Mexican Food, which maybe they thought was clever, but if people don't like your "Mexican Food" because it's not like the Mexican Food they've had (BECAUSE IT'S NOT MEXICAN FOOD!), then your strategy will backfire.One day, a Peruvian friend of mine told me about a chef in Madison that was going to showcase her skills with a Peruvian buffet. So we ventured to Madison and attended said buffet. We ate lots and loved everything. A rumor floated around that this particular chef might be taking over the space previously held by La Parihuela. I was excited about the idea.Fast forward to present day...that chef, Maritza Paz, has a restaurant in the space previously occupied by La Parihuela. The sign reads "Chef Paz" and doesn't tell you what kind of food they serve so you cannot have any preconceived notions. The sign also tells you that there are daily lunch specials for $4.95 and dinner specials for $6.99. Smart and very smart!Now for the food. How would I describe Peruvian cuisine to you? Well, you have some basic staples like white rice, pinto beans, yucca, plantains for sides, similar to what you would find in a Cuban, Puerto Rican or Jamaican restaurant. If you haven't tried those cuisines, get out from under your rock and do it!Then beef, chicken and fish prepared different ways for entrees. It's what she does with the beef, chicken, and fish that will amaze you. The combination of flavors from the spices and sauces create flavor explosions!On my visit tonight, I opted for the Beef Stew. The roux was dark and rich and extremely flavorful. The chunks of beef were tender and equally delicious. The dish is served with a side of white rice and pinto beans. The beans stood out to me more than the rice. If that's not enough, they also provide you with a small container of house-made cilantro sauce to dip the beef in. Really? Really.The restaurant is small and was full tonight. At times, the kitchen seemed to struggle a bit with a few appetizers, but I only had to wait 15 minutes for my entree, so it seemed the entrees were going out faster than the appetizers.Good news, they take reservations.More good news, Chef Paz offers a buffet once a month to showcase the menu. The next one is this Sunday. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. The restaurant is high tech, too. The servers enter the orders with an app on an IPad. When the customer is ready to pay, they push a button to print the ticket and the cash register drawer opens. Impressive.Chef Paz also features Peruvian beer, wine, soda (I believe it's called Inca Cola) and a purple non-alcoholic beverage made from corn called Chicha Morada. It's tasty. You must try it. They also have Pepsi products for the rest of you.Unlike it's predecessor, I think Chef Paz is going to last a while. I certainly hope so anyway. I know I'm going back. This really is as good as it gets!
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,7/14/2013,155,417,,12,5>We live nearby and have been waiting for months for Antonio's to open and they far exceeded expectations. When we mentioned we are neighbors, introductions went all around and we were given some parmesan chips for the road. I am so happy about this Riverwest addition. They will come in handy for game nights, Game of Throne nights, and just in general when we don't feel like cooking.  Right now, it's just take-out, but the owner mentioned putting tables and chairs out when the weather warms up. Over the years, I've seen the previous incarnations of this store front, and Antonio's has done so much with it to make it look really nice and permanent! They added really nice awnings, a nicer door, and a super cool neon sign in the shape of Italy. Dan and I tried a stuffed pizza with all the veggie toppings. It was fantastic. I usually never eat crust but this pizza had golden brown, bubbly cheese on it, so I ate every bite. You can tell that the owners are really passionate about making authentic Italian food and making customers happy. Michael insisted I give them a call after trying the pizza to let him know how it was, so I know they really care.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,7/13/2013,115,276,7,7,8>5 full-on, awesome stars for Usingers. I stayed away from eating meat (red meat, pork, etc) for many years.  That being said, the Usinger's cooked brats are absolutely the BEST thing I've ever had.  Buy them FRESH at their storefront, cook them in beer, and it will be the BEST thing you've ever had. I was craving some cooked brats, I couldn't resist and finally caved in.  Health be damned!  Vegetarianism is overrated anyway.I used to come here with my Dad and Grandma to get the Usinger's cooked brats. It was always a big trip for us - my dad would take us to Mader's for some fantastic German cuisine, and then off to Usinger's for some fantastic German sausages.  I love everything about this store.  It's like stepping back in time.  The black and whie tiled floor, crazy elve-y murals, old school scale, friendly staff - you can't go wrong.  If you could sum up Milwaukee cuisine, this might be it. And c'mon, who doesn't like the little Usinger's elves?  They're so... old timey, and Christmas-kitchy.Bring lots of cash.  Check out the specials and stock up.I will continue to support Usingers.  Some people prefer Klements, some prefer other brands.  I prefer Usinger's and that's how it will always be.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,7/12/2013,20,84,1,8,6>Is it outrageously expensive?Yeah.Is it slightly pretentious?Absolutely. Is it worth every penny?Without. A. Doubt.Bacchus is my go-to restaurant every time we're celebrating something special, and/or we're really looking to indulge.  The service is always impeccable (never a stray crumb on the table, or an empty water glass), the food is to die for (the beet and goat cheese salad, the scallops and the Porterhouse for two are all incredible), and the atmosphere is subdued and romantic. I'm sorry, I can't think of a single thing to nitpick, I seriously crush on this place so hard.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,7/11/2013,35,50,5,9,5>Oh boy, from reading the other reviews, this is a love it or hate it place. I'm firmly in the "love it" category, but I can see where the haters are coming from so I'll try to explain both sides.The good:Cheap indian/ethnic food and ingredients that are hard to find elsewhere in Milwaukee. Sentry wanted $6.50 for a jar of tahini and this place only charged $3.99 (and it was slightly larger!)Yummy treats! They have large samosas (I was told they are made fresh daily) for about $1 each. I got 3 for lunch when I stopped in- I could barely finish them off and I spent less than $3.Friendly staff- as a clueless white dude, I've gotten the cold shoulder at some ethnic grocery stores, but the staff here is very friendly and helpful.The bad:Okay, it's super unorganized. I didn't personally see any expired items, but I could see how it would happen. Some sections of the store are just piles and piles of goods. So just be sure to check the expiration date before you buy!If you like indian food at all, this place is worth checking out. It's right next to Mayfair!
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,7/10/2013,140,249,,3,6>Cheap Mexican food served on paper plates, fast service, strong margaritas. Chips & salsa are not complimentary, but look at it as unnecessary calories and filler. Also, you get a lot of food for $5 or less... Granted it's not gourmet by any means, this place is a dive. A loveable dive. First I ordered the chicken enchiladas, and was unaware they were full of onions (yuck) so I ordered the 3 bean tostadas (which were $4ish), which were covered in fresh queso cheese. My boyfriend enjoyed his enchiladas, as well as my enchiladas which he ate for lunch the following day.They probably make the majority of their $ from drinks orders. A margarita is $3.50 (pretty much the same price as your food!), but they provide a good bang for your buck. They offer regular, strawberry, and can also mix the two. I believe a half pitcher is around $17.I feel like Conejito's tries to get as many people in and out as fast as possible. Which is not a problem when I'm busy and want my food quickly. However, I wouldn't recommend for a relaxing dinner experience or a first date (unless he/she loves dives and adventures!).
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,7/9/2013,28,46,,4,4>The food is tasty at BSC.  Its got a distinct Janete's Midnight Cabyard Kitchen vibe but with with Somalian food. The prices are great given the portions. I had two rice dishes and I hope to try the rest of their offerings soon. Both of the rice dishes were full of flavor without being greasy. The chicken and rice dish was the favorite at my table.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,7/8/2013,50,94,2,7,2>Blu is one of those places you take your out of town guests to show off how great Milwaukee is. You cannot beat the view of the city and lake- even the restrooms have a spectacular view. The place is swanky and romantic and makes you feel like you found some secret bar that only the coolest know about. But it is not overly romantic, so it is good for a date or just to hang out with friends. The drinks are a bit pricey, but worth it, and they do have happy hour specials during the week. On the weekends they have live music, and whoever picks the bands that play there does an amazing job- I am always impressed by how good the bands are there. Go to Blu for at least one drink, but I have a feeling you'll  end up wanting to stay for more.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,7/7/2013,73,181,1,5,2>Hard to believe that East Side Pilates (ESP) has yet to get a review.  Two private lessons in, and I'm a huge fan of the studio.  I can usually tell within my first 10 minutes of a first lesson on whether the teacher/student relationship is going to work out.   I've been fortunate enough to have been taught by some awesome instructors in most major cities I've traveled to over the past five years.  I've also had my share of crappy ones as well.  Thus, I'm VERY particular with who I choose as my instructor.  Being a future physical therapist who suffers from plenty of joint pain (and multiple operations), one of of my criteria in choosing a studio/instructor is whether I'd feel comfortable enough to send a patient there without the risk of the instructor injuring/killing them.  I've definitely found a winner with Dawn at ESP.  She's a wonderful instructor who actually listens to her clients.  She's great at cueing students on what the particular exercise entails.  Despite being classically trained, she's open to mixing things up a bit to keep me challenged and interested.  I've taken lessons in the past by the annoying "classical purists/snobs" who refuse to change their routine - constantly name dropping and stating that "Joe" (as in Joe Pilates) did it a certain way and that's the ONLY right way.  I guess they would be correct if we were still in the 19th century, but anatomy, orthopedics and biomechanics have evolved since then.   Back on topic of Dawn, I have yet to take one of her classes, but plan on doing so soon.  I know that she'll be equally as great teaching a group as she does a private lesson.  The studio does offer group lessons at an affordable price, at least in comparison to studios in LA or NY.  The variety includes reformed, tower, mat, jump board, and barre classes, and I believe classes are taught everyday.  Classes run from around $15 to $25, and privates are $60/55 minute session.  Packages are available, which can bring the prices down quite a bit.  And for all you newbies to the studio, they offer fantastic introductory packages.  I purchased an introductory three-pack for $160.  In any case, East Side Pilates gets my seal of approval.  I'm already looking forward to returning for my next lesson.....a very good sign that I found a winner indeed!Tip (an addendum):  If you're a complete newbie or have an orthopedic/neurological condition, I HIGHLY recommend talking to Ann (the owner - who's awesome with coordinating lessons and communicating) and setting up a few privates prior to taking classes.  Some of the moves can put your body into compromising positions with certain conditions, so it's better to err on the cautious side!
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,7/6/2013,41,166,4,3,3>Working in the vicinity (you didn't really think I'd tell you where I work, did you FBI???), I have been here for lunch at least 8 times.  I do try to avoid it on Fridays because of the high Amtrak traffic.  It's a smaller cafe located within the Amtrak station if you didn't already know.I have had breakfast foods, hamburgers, burritos and wraps.  All worth your while.  Wide variety of fresh made, refrigerated sandwiches and other things you'd find in one of those open refrigerators in a cafe.  Last time I was there they had Alterra coffee.Considering it's at a train station, expect the prices to be a little bit higher than out of a mass transit station.Friendly service and usually not long a wait in line.  Place could be better if they had some kind of conductor mascot walking around giving high fives or tooting an invisible horn.  Let's flood the suggestion box!
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,7/5/2013,28,130,,3,5>This is not a mall. It is a "Town Center" which means that you will be doing a lot of walking. Or you can walk around for a little bit, get in your car and drive to the other side of the place to do more walking, but I would just walk. This place is NOT made for your walking convenience people- it is made so that you take the entire day to shop. They specifically set it up that way so that instead of popping in and grabbing what you want you will have to plan an afternoon to stroll around and spend money. (With this in mind, I continue on to my review.)They have a lot of shops. I mean a LOT! Everything from H&M, Gap, Banana Republic, Aeropostale, Charlotte Ruse, Coach, J Crew- so many! They also have the only Apple store in about a 100 mile radius (it seems). Specialty kitchen stores? Check! They have Sur La Table and even a Teavana for all your tea needs. Now let's talk food! There are so many choices! From the more upscale Cheesecake factory to the in-and-out Subway, this place has it all! My fav spots are BD's Mongolian BBQ, California Pizza Kitchen, Five Guys Burgers and Fries and Qdoba. The variety is great and the wait time is not usually that long (in general). Don't have time to eat in? Trader Joe's is around the corner for you to grab the next ingredients for that new recipe you have been dying to try.I come to Bayshore when I am looking for something specific, say an outfit for a special event or date, and have the time to invest to get exactly what I want. I think it is worth the drive if one is coming from out of town, and it is worth the miles you walk to find the higher end goods they have here. Many places across the nation have town centers like this out in unpopulated areas so that one has to drive 45 min and make it a 'destination'. Bayshore is close enough to Milwaukee that one doesn't have to do that. Take the extra time to come here and shop.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2014,11/10/2014,13,91,1,6,6>I am in "getting it in" mode. Meaning, I am trying to go on as many outdoor excursions as I can before the cold, long winter sets in.My love of all things flower-like and plant-like brought me here this past Saturday. Not only that, but I am CRAZY about mums! Fall is my favorite season of the year, and I just love planting mums in any color. The theme this year was "Over the Rainbow" and it was lovely. My son loved the Emerald City and Munchkin-land of course. It was so relaxing and so colorful at the same time. The tropical dome appears to have changed slightly, but it was just as wonderful. The desert dome is okay, it just does not have the type of plants and flowers that appeal to my senses.I love coming here multiple times during the year, but if you love Mums, hit up the Fall Mum Show this year!If anyone can tell me where to find Apricot-Blush Mums I would be forever grateful!!
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2014,11/9/2014,69,156,2,7,4>I stopped at this food truck because they were at the West Allis Farmers Market & I was dying of hunger. I ordered the special, the BBQ bacon burger. I didn't order any sides (the fries looked good!) but I wish I did because I didn't have enough cash on me....only to realize after the fact that they take credit cards (which I will remember for next time!!).What's even better is that they serve Purple Door Ice Cream!!I did have to wait a bit for the burger but it was well worth the wait because the burger was delicious.I would definitely recommend this food truck :-)
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,11/8/2014,181,369,2,4,6>Ok - so you can't see a  3D movie here... but the 3D (or is it 4D?) comes from the magnificent surroundings.It's like walking back in time.The Oriental gives you a movie going experience no other state of the art theater can.
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2014,11/7/2014,49,29,5,13,4>Szechuan Pepper Ginger-beer -- deliciousDraft beer list? -- unbelievableFood? -- divine, affordable & kitchen is open until 1am, 6-days per weekBar? -- best bar in town-- YES
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,11/6/2014,19,38,1,3,5>THE MAC & CHEESE IS REVOLUTIONARY.  Loved everything about this place. Great ambiance and service.  The food was stellar and the specialty cocktails were amazing.  Only downside is that it is small and we had to wait a bit (on a Sunday evening).  Other than that, we loved it!
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2014,11/5/2014,127,75,1,5,6>Attentive bartenders, great vibe, delicious cocktails. Frequented this place twice recently (once with a Bachelorette group, once with a friend) and each time we were treated to a pretty quiet bar (weeknights, so we visited off-peak time) which was suitable for conversation, friendly service, and other nice patrons. For the second visit, we snagged $5 drinks on special. Next time, I'm going for that shark mug.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2014,11/4/2014,38,241,3,5,3>I went to the old Capri many times with my family.  Its comfort food, and it reminded me of my grandma, who loved the place.  I agree that the old Capri had a certain charm: darkly lit booths, bathrooms in the basement, and only accepting cash, but it really needed a facelift.  Regardless, I was sad when it closed.  When I heard it was reopening, I knew that I had to check it out.We stopped in for carryout recently, and I am happy to say that it is just as good, if not better than before.  The place looks great, and the people working there seemed to really care about what was going on.  We ordered the lasagna dinner with extra garlic bread, and we thoroughly enjoyed it.  Even the salad tasted the same, and it had cheese and peperoni in it still!  I also love that the meal still comes with Spumoni!  Both the lasagna and the garlic bread were way less greasy than the old Capri, which is a serious improvement.  All-in-all, we had a great meal for $18 with tip.I am excited to go back, and try some of the new items as well.  I hope this place sticks around for a long time!
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2014,11/3/2014,155,417,1,7,9>Scardina's is a hidden gem in Riverwest, but hopefully not too hidden for long. The owners said they would love to expand the restaurant to provide seating year round, but right now they can't. Don't dock them for that! Until that day, they can only put a few tables out when the weather cooperates. I'm happy to do my part by visiting and grabbing delicious, good quality deli items. It's easy to find a sandwich or salad to anyone's liking but what's difficult is deciding which delicious dessert to take with. I think I've only had crummy cannoli because I never was really excited about them. Well, that changed when I tried Scardina's. They're the perfect size, not too sweet, and they'll fill them fresh upon request. Scardina's also has a couple of cookies that really impressed me. They have various cold salads, including three different potato salads. I tried one and it was just the way I like it. They can whip you up a sandwich but if you want to take chorizo, sausage, speidini and more, home to cook they have plenty to choose from. Overall, Scardina's nails what they do. It's a small enough menu while at the same time, offering enough variety to satisfy everyone and never breaking the bank. I will be back to try more sandwiches and wraps.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2014,11/2/2014,40,89,3,9,5>Alderaan has potential. I stopped by twice so far. First time I had a lavender latte to go. I really don't know how to describe this flavor. Light, airy (can a coffee be light and airy in flavor?), very subtle, smooth. The lavender is from scratch. I do not like an overly fake/sugary flavor to my coffee, so for me this was perfect. If you like Starbucks flavoring than I'm not sure you and I have the same taste buds. Today, I tried their fresh almond milk with Madagascar Vanilla latte to go. This too was really good.  Definitely not your boxed almond milk/ super sugared fake vanilla. Again, subtle/smooth coffee nicely infused hint of vanilla. Atmosphere. Minimalist. I think this goes well with the modern architecture of the building (MKE's version of the Flatiron building). For me, the location is perfect. I have only taken coffee to go because I am walking the dog right past it.  I would like to have something to tie him outside. Luckily I have a small Yorkie so I picked him up and carried him inside. I am sure people would prefer I not do this so some type of rail/ hook would be great. I do think the menu in the actual shop needs work. I actually got a better idea of what to try looking online before walking over. alderaancoffee.com/menu Online they mention the fresh almond milk, interesting/cool flavors. In the shop it is in super small print and I didn't notice all the detail like online. I notice another reviewer mentioned she didn't know where the add on's are located.  They are on the right hand side behind the counter. Maybe Alderaan incorporated this after the reviewer posted/mentioned something. I think all the staff is new minus the owner since I think this is still their soft opening? I did not see Honey. It would be great if Alderaan partnered with one of the local honey suppliers so I could ask them to try making my favorite espresso honey cinnamon iced latte (see Grounded in NYC as the one to beat!). They do have a few baked goods I think from Colectivo but I would rather see items from Holey Moley Doughnuts or maybe Amaranth Bakery. A girl can dream, right? I will absolutely be back. Most likely this week to try their in house Salted Vanilla Caramel. Completely worth walking an extra block from the local Starbucks's competition IMHO! Almost forgot to mention-they have a cool throwback soda bottle dispenser that actually works with fresh brewed cold coffee in a glass soda bottle to go.  I am kinda excited to try it. Fun concept!
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2014,11/1/2014,24,66,1,8,5>Sanford is a big city restaurant in little Milwaukee. Located in a small unassuming building that looks more like a house than a restaurant, many don't even know it exists. It is cozy and homey inside, so the atmosphere would be great for a date. Most important, however, is the food. The chef, Justin Aprahamian, recently won the James Beard best chef of the Midwest award, which is a remarkable achievement. The portions aren't huge, but adequate, and the food is inventive, delicious, and executed to perfection.I've tried the regular menu and the 7 course tasting menu and enjoyed both. I learned about some new wines that I enjoyed with the wine tasting. My favorite dish I had here was a pork ravioli appetizer. I don't know what else to say other than this restaurant feels more like Chicago than Milwaukee but I sure am glad it's here and not there!
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,9/29/2011,87,301,,8,3>I've been a patient here for nearly a year. Having grown up with the same optometrist my entire glasses-wearing life, I was concerned about shifting my loyalty to a new office in a new city. However, Metro Eye is an extremely welcoming place. The staff set me up for a new patient appointment within two weeks of my phone call, which I found impressive for an office located in such a well-trafficked area. I've since been in a couple of times, and someone has remembered me during each visit. Dr. Jankowski is fabulous. I had the option to receive or deny certain tests during the exam, and she recommended accordingly based on my needs -- no pressure one way or the other. She also was very open about recommending different contact lens brands and letting me test a pair before committing. I appreciate that this office isn't out to rack up a bill as high as it can go; they seem to truly have the patients' best interests in mind. Another perk to keep in mind: the staff can email you a parking pass for the lot next door before your appointment. It makes parking a breeze compared to finding a spot on your own in the busy Third Ward. I love this office and have recommended it to friends. I plan to continue utilizing Metro Eye during my time in Milwaukee.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,9/28/2011,66,197,,4,3>Some damned good pizza.  My fiancée and I decided to take advantage of our Groupon ($20 for $40!) last Friday for Transfer Pizzeria.  The wait was very reasonable for a Friday evening, we were quoted at 40 minutes, but seated at around 25.  The décor is nice, with a long U-shaped bar that is surrounded by dining tables. We sat in a separate room towards the back of the restaurant that holds another 7-10 tables.  The artwork was very interesting.  From what I gathered, they appeared to be very original takes on various modes of transportation used in Milwaukee throughout its history.We skipped the appetizers, but definitely partook in the imbibing of some vino.  I had an Argentinean Cab that was pretty interesting; it was definitely much more subtle than a cab made stateside or in Europe.  Truthfully, I was a little annoyed by the stemless, square-ish wine glass.  I get trying to be unique, but sometimes it gets to a point where it hinders your ability to enjoy the wine (made swirling difficult, scent more difficult to appreciate).  I ordered the small American classic, which is basically a supreme pizza without the green peppers.  I really enjoyed it.  The pizza sauce, the most important part of any pizza, was spot on and the veggies tasted very fresh.  The pepperoni was hard to detect, but I caught hints.  Based my last several visits I think I might make sausage my main pizza topping as there is no missing it.  The supreme was definitely better than Domino's or Pizza Hut, so that always gets four stars in my book.  (Don't front, even you chain-haters can admit that they make an okay pizza pie!)  A word of advice...you might want to avoid ordering small pizzas.  I found that for each slice, I'd get down to the crust in three bites. Weak.  While I have no beef with the crust (fluffy, not too dense, nice outer crunch while very soft inside), it literally comprises 25-35% of a slice of a small pizza.  Next time I'll get a large.  I know I sound a little whiney in this review, but the pizza was very good!!! My fiancée had a small paisano pizza.  As much as I enjoyed mine...her pizza was much better.  You can never go wrong with pesto on a pizza.  The sausage was very flavorful and the asiago cheese flavor was very pronounced.  Highly recommend this pizza.Ordered cheesecake for dessert.  It's hard to mess up a New York style cheesecake unless you really try.  I enjoyed it.  It didn't come with fruit, but next time I'll check if I can get some on the side. Definitely look forward to visiting this place again!
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,9/27/2011,27,57,3,11,3>Five O'Clock is the bomb. You want an amazing steak cooked to perfection? This is your place. You want a retro-chic atmosphere with attractive waitresses and a steak that will cost you $30 more than it would at Five O'Clock? Go elsewhere. You go to Five O'Clock for the steaks. That's it. The restaurant is located in the hood, the decor looks like it hasn't changed since the '50s (and neither have the waitresses, it seems), and the place looks like a joint that Don Draper would hang out in to pick up a brunette for a night of mischief. The parking lot is guarded by a large, don't-mess-with-me, gentleman who will take fine car of your automobile. If you pull in behind another car, just leave your keys under the dash. And tip the guy, for sure. He's sitting in a little hut while you eat your steak to make sure no one steals your goods. The steaks come with a generous pool of au jus and sauteed mushrooms. You'll also get a family style dinner salad, bread, and a relish tray with your entrees. Old school-style. Orders are taken at the bar before you're seated, so take advantage and order yourself a Makers to get in the mood. If you love steaks, this is your place. If you're more about atmosphere with a side of steak, go downtown.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2011,9/26/2011,36,140,14,6,5>Yield can be summed up by this (true) conversation when out with a group of 5 on a Friday night (two of whom were Yield virgins from Chicago):Chi-guy: I've got the first round!Everyone else: (Orders beers)Chi-girl: (whips out credit card)Bartender: (pours 5 beers) That'll be $15Chi-guy & Chi-girl: (in sync) FIFTEEN DOLLARS?!?Bartender: (with a worried look) Um....Me: (to bartender) they are from Chicago...Bartender: Ooohhhhh...Then for the rest of the night, our visitors discuss to the point of obsession how cheap Yield is and they may consider moving to Milwaukee so they become alcoholics on a budget.Also, I love that they have a great selection of board games available to play in the bar.  It's a fun atmosphere without an ounce of pretentiousness.  I have really enjoyed my numerous visits to Yield and I have a handful of free drink tokens swimming in the bottom of my purse right now -- so I'll probably see ya there!
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,9/25/2011,73,141,6,4,3>TKozy and i came here after a ridiculously hot bike ride that we lost track of how far we were going.  Sushi, for some reason, just seemed to make sense for us to refuel.It was great!  I think we all need to get over the "Strip Mall" complex, and trust restaurants that are in strip malls (see also Habeneros).  Great place and pleasant food.Hopefully you'll be as lucky as we were and have a dysfunctional couple sitting in the booth behind you so you can listen in to their conversation.  poor thing, she's gonna have a tough time once that child is born!
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,9/24/2011,313,188,2,5,3>as soon as i sat down in the car to go home. i was ready to go back in for more...easily one of the best brunch experiences that ive had in milwaukee, if not in my entire life. its not just the food that made me give this place a five. we had great service, great drinks, all out on their upstairs patio with a great view... the food alone was enough for about a 4.333456 but once i factored in the rest i was pretty comfortable leaving them a five...this is one of those places that could break the bank if you try and go here too often but once a month or so will just make you much cooler...their mini muffins were awesome (especially the one with meat).go to here.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2011,9/23/2011,181,369,6,10,8>Upon first walking into Cafe Corazon, I felt like I immediately walked into Ugly Betty's house.  It was AH-mazing.  My fellow Ugly Betty fans - you'll know just what I mean.I love the cozy atmosphere.  You're really apart of it all - the kitchen, the bar, the fellow diners... it's one big happy family.We luckily got there just at the right time to snag the last table for 2.  Sure it was right over the air vent blowing icy cold air - but we warmed things up with some spicy salsa, chips and a house margarita.They serve you two salsas - a more "pico-esque" one and one that is like a really fun bright shamrock shake green.  I must have missed the memo on the "really fun bright shamrock shake green" salsa.  It was different for sure.. was it sour cream?  Yogurt?  It sure was tangy - and spicy, but I still wonder what exactly it was.. hmm.  Anyway...I ordered the Soy Chorizo Enchiladas.  Knowing that I can go basically anywhere in Riverwest and get me some yummy fake meat makes me really happy.  I was hesitant to put chorizo (let alone fake chorizo) on an enchilada.  I kept thinking - "I should just go with the cheese and onion.  That seems safe."  But, I'm all about trying new things - and don't hesitate to do so. The verdict - MUY SABROSO!  (Thank you Google Translate)  I was pleasantly surprised with the flavor!So - If you get the chance - and are craving some Mexican - or better yet, if you are a vegetarian and craving some Mexican you must stop in.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,9/22/2011,71,160,3,2,2>I've visited a lot of breweries and have gone on a lot of tours. This has to be my favorite of all time. The staff is definitely friendly and super enthusiastic (and knowledgeable) about beer. I thought I had tried all of their beers, but I got to try beers I didn't know they made which was a big plus. The tour (for $7) includes a lot of beer, a pint glass, and a token for a beer later at a beer around town - what a deal! The tour was probably about an hour and we ended up hanging around for another hour talking to the staff and just had a great time overall.Talk about a tour you can go on over and over again? This would be the one!
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,9/21/2011,117,150,8,5,5>I think as far as atmosphere goes, this might be my favorite Milwaukee bar. This just feels like a great place to hang out...aside from those nights when it's packed and the DJ's music is blaring and you can't hear yourself ordering a drink.The beer list is impressive, and they have some great taps (including Great Lakes' Edmund Fitzgerald!), but the tiny scrawled chalkboard beer menu behind the bar can be tiresome to decipher sometimes. Thankfully, the bartenders here are VERY knowledgeable about their selection, and they are more than happy to suggest things for you.As for mixed drinks...well, I haven't been that impressed. I'm not sure what it is.The rest of the bar is like your parents rec room from the 1970s and it is amazing! Tons of board games, a pool table, and shuffle board to challenge any drunk ego.Hey, you like boobies? They have like, a vintage boobie picture wall by the bathroom. If you're into that. No weiner wall, though. EQUALITY NOW!
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2011,9/20/2011,90,490,15,5,4>I've been here a couple of times while waiting for the Stereo Doctors next door to install car radios.  A couple days ago, while I was waiting for my fried catfish, one customer, an out of state visitor who grew up in the neighborhood, recognized another woman there as a neighbor from a decade ago, and they had a friendly catch-up-on-family-and-update-on-now-grown-­children talk.  Every customer in this place when I've been there has been moderately to extremely obese. That's what kind of place this is, hasn't changed much since they opened in the 1950s, a summer neighborhood burger and frozen custard place.  Good place for burgers, hot dogs, fried foods, custard desserts, so much more character than the chain fast food joints. While I was eating my strawberry sundae with fresh cut banana slices, just like I ordered, I thought about my first car, my high school girlfriends, summers before adult responsibilities, and Lipitor.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,7/3/2014,25,71,1,6,4>Simmas seems like one of those places that have been here as long as Wauwatosa has existed. Located in the heart of old Wauwatosa, Simmas boasts a very non-pretentious storefront. It is tiny. The few times I've been there, there has been a line or at least a small wait to get to the counter.There are counters in the front packed with delicious baked goodies. The first time we went to Simmas I was hoping that they would have ready-made cakes and happily they did! There is also a huge fridge full of ready-made cheesecakes, carrot cakes, and I think chocolate as well. They will also decorate or write a message on them for you on the spot.We have gotten two special occasion cakes from Simmas. The carrot cake and a banana flavored cake, both were unexpectedly good. Their cakes are by far the most flavorful, and dense, but yet moist cakes I've ever had. I don't think I can go back to eating other cakes.  Please don't make me! The prices were also very reasonable, we got a 4 layer found cake to serve 10-12 people, only 20 bucks.I have had occasion to taste their cheesecake at yo mamas and I have to say the cheesecake was really good though I'm not huge fan of the chocolate ganache on top of which is apparently their signature topping. I feel like it adds a weird texture and the chocolate overwhelms the subtler cheesecake flavor.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,7/2/2014,135,158,2,6,8>L is for the way you look at me! O is for all the antiques I see! V is very very extraordinary! E is even more than any any other store andddddd LOVE! Need I say more???Okay fine you pulled my arm. I love this place! Seriously, take my advice and make sure you have at least 3 hours to devote towards this castle of antiques. It's legit. Young, old, occasional shoppers, dedicated antique enthusiasts, or fellow thrift store lovers- just do it.I would suggest starting at the bottom and working your way up... You never know what you might want to look at again on the way back down. Also, don't forget the staff. They are very helpful and seem to love what they do. Plus they don't make you feel stupid if you have NO idea what something is-- because odds are you will be stumped at some point- that's how many amazing things are here! So not only is it just plain fun.. You actually could learn while shopping. Blows your mind huh?
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,7/1/2014,64,183,4,6,4>I've only had the beef Korean BBQ here and honestly I love it so much, I can't imagine getting anything else instead off the menu. In fact, I have no idea what else is on the menu. Except great iced tea options. OK. I love the iced Jasmine Green Tea so much I will also probably never order anything else. I went right out and bought Jasmine green tea and now drink it daily.Anyways: The BBQ comes with fresh lettuce leaf wraps, bean paste, fish cakes, cucumber, and a few other delicious things. I recommend putting it ALL on the lettuce and gobbling it down. And there's potato soup on the side. Korean TV is on the big screen and the service is kind and breathtakingly swift (on weeknights, at least). Please try this place!!
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,6/30/2014,27,81,5,10,7>There's a party in my tummy, so yummy, so yummy!This place is a true hidden gem. It came up in casual conversation so I had to try it. Better than expected!The food is incredible, and unlike anything I've ever tasted in the milwaukee area. The owners are Hawaiian, and the menu is authentic. Absolutely delicious. Get here as quickly as your feet will move you!Make sure to check hours on their site. They are a little goofy.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,6/29/2014,23,60,,7,5>I came here with 2 of my friends and it was amazing. We went on a Friday night with no reservations but were seated right away. We were brought a basket of bread and a tray of veggies. This was great to snack on while waiting for our meal. They were out of the bottle of wine we ordered but the server recommended one that was comparable. We had a choice of ordering either soup or salad with our entrée. Both were really good. We ordered the specialty steak with garlic which came with a side of your choosing. Overall, it was a lot of food and definitely worth it for the price. This place also has a cool antique décor. The servers were very friendly and attentive. This would be a good place for a date, catching up with close friends, or even a business get together.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,6/28/2014,250,199,,7,6>This is one of my very favorite places in Bayview and a go to spot when I'm making plans.It's a very unique lounge with rotating art exhibits and some of the best hand crafted cocktails in town.The displays change regularly and the mediums vary.  I've seen pen and ink, cartoons, watercolors, B/W sketches, it runs the gambit.The decor is cool, without being too hip and the vibe is laid back and welcoming, just like Bayview.But the real jewel is the beverage menu. The owner, Ken, has developed some of the best cocktails around.   All of the ingredients are fresh,  I've never seen a can of juice in the place.  The classic capirinha is my fav and it's the perfect balance of the delectable Brazilian cachaca, sugar and lime.  One sip with your eyes closed and you picture yourself on a tropical beach in South America.The mojitos list varies' and if you see strawberry-elderflower on the chalkboard behind the bar you cannot go wrong.   Here, unlike many Milwaukee establishments, they understand flavors and balance.  As much as I love, love elderflower liqueurs, too much of it is never a good thing as it takes over your drink.  That won't happen at Studio Lounge.There is also an extensive list of bottle beers if cocktails aren't your thing.This is one of few places in town that I've never heard a bad word about, and everyone I introduce to the place loves it!
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,6/27/2014,43,106,1,13,7>Best short stack in town!! Thank you Wisconsin for another 5" of snow this morning as this prevented me from getting to breakfast at not one, not two, but three of my first choices for Sunday Brunch. Nonetheless after shoveling and morning errands we were finally out the door and ready to eat. "Let's try some place new", I said...and that's what we did....Mad Rooster Cafe!!How have I never come to this place? Packed to the walls with people and uniquely decorat, you'll immediately think they have a 40-50min wait...WRONG!!! When I say these guys/gals can turn a table it like magic...10min wait for most. Now let's get to the food...breakfast, breakfast, breakfast!!! The choices are endless....pancakes, crepes, Benedict's, skillets, scramblers and everything else you can think of. This place has fresh, high quality food with a casual environment and great customer service . Local ingredients, local feel, it's Milwaukee in every way. And they serve Anodyne coffee too. Two thumbs up for Mad Rooster!! Definitely coming back for more.
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,6/26/2014,69,124,6,11,9>I've enjoyed Purple Door Ice Cream for a while now. Usually at farmers markets or from the Clock Shadow Creamery, but now they have their own little store on Milwaukee's Second Street and, oh ... my ... gosh. Could this place ever be dangerous to my weight loss intentions!Try the salted caramel. It's an absolute must. But don't stop there--the other flavors are good too. To me, the vanilla malt runs a close second.When you visit, you may wonder, "Where's the Purple Door?" Take a close look at the tiles. Do you see the purple ones? Now look more closely. You'll see a little purple door inscribed within.Cute.This is a handsome little store and I'm looking forward to trying everything on the menu. Fortunately for me, it's about a 3/4-mile walk from my office, so let's just hope that I can burn off more than I can eat. Maybe not, but it's a challenge that I'm willing to try!
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,6/25/2014,228,281,6,15,10>Not the most eye catching of storefronts or locations, but I was actually happy for that.  It's a great way to separate yourself from the North Ave set.Really friendly guys in the kitchen. There was an immediate hello when I walked in the door and an immediate offer to explain the menu if needed. Bonus for the item explanation by a guy who actually makes the food and talks in real terms rather than abstracts. I started with a small plate of spicy beef tendon ($8)  It was moderately thinly sliced, seasoned and cooked, and then served chilled.  The flavor on it was great, but the portion size was big for just one person (not a complaint).  There's only so much that I would want to eat in one sitting when I've also got a sandwich coming.  My fault for going on my own.I then had the Bacall & Bogart, a poached lobster and spinach sammich with a remoulade.  The flavor was great, although I tend to prefer a bit more of an amount of filling.  But I'm also a glutton, and this wasn't a failing on their part either.  It didn't overfill me, even with the beef tendon.  This is a happy medium that I need to aspire to anyway.  Hence, no dessert for me, although they had a fllourless banana chocolate cake that sounded interesting.It's not the cheapest lunch option, and that's okay. For the $20 I spent, it was a complete meal. And all quality.  You absolutely get what you've paid for there.  I will definitely come back.  The friendliness of the staff was as much a selling point as the food.And yes, best sammich bread in the city. I would buy this bread for home.  I'm pretty sure the word is that it comes from Wild Flour.
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,6/24/2014,137,194,6,12,10>THE place to play Pinball in Milwaukee.  Mitchell Novelty has 5 awesome Bally, Sega  and Williams titles in perfect working order.  Playfields are glossy,rubbers are bouncy, and flippers are strong!Current titles: Theater of Magic (Bally)-Rollergames (Williams)- Whirlwind(Williams)- South Park (Sega) No Good Golfers (Williams)
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2011,2/22/2012,87,59,3,6,3>I've been here on three different occasions - each time at a different level of 'openness'. PROS- I've always been greeted right when I walked in the door and had super friendly waiters! - The decor is spot on and super fun! You can never tell this was a Omega Burger before! - The food is really good. As someone who has a gluten intolerance, it's nice to see the option for the burgers to be put on lettuce cups (and the burgers are SO good without the bun... you won't miss it!) CONSMy only con is that the food is a little bit overpriced. You probably won't walk out of this place for under $20 a person. Honestly, I can't wait to go back. A lot of what you pay for is the atmosphere and food - both get two 'wildly fun' thumbs up from me!
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,2/21/2012,64,215,2,2,4>Come here with my co-workers pretty often. It's a quick place for lunch and they have a great selection of veggie and non-veggie dishes. And so much naan. It seems like a lot of people come here for take out, but I can't imagine choosing one dish when there's a lunch buffet.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,2/20/2012,124,96,2,8,3>Don't let the horrible website deter you from what was one of the best massages I've had in a long long time.  I'm a stylist and my junk is BUSTED. I'm on my feet all day and doing repetitive motion for hours. Needless to say, I need a miracle worker when it comes to massage. This place delivers. I'm almost afraid of giving such a good review because it's going to be impossible for me to schedule with Jim. It's a one person operation so getting a response back can take a few days. This isn't the place to call for same day appointments. You have to plan ahead. Go ahead overlook the ill designed website and check this place out. Bonus! there is actually two locations. Hales Corners and Kenosha.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,2/19/2012,55,104,2,3,4>I was at AS&S this weekend for the first time since I was a kid and I felt like a kid all  over again. They have the most random spattering of merchandise I have ever seen and its great if you are looking for inspiration for a DIY project. It's also a great place to buy white elephant gifts (ie the flying monkey toy that has bungee arms or an old bowling pin) for cheap. They also have a scavenger hunt posted at the front of the store that would be fun for kids...but I would imagine you would be at the store for hours trying to rummage though the knick-knacks and find what's on the list.
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,2/18/2012,22,95,4,6,4>i perma-pinched myself from the moment i walked in the door. i hadn't been met with such restaurant majesty since burrowing in my favorite chicago spot. If Avec had a long lost sibling, with a whole lot of community soul, it's Braise.Felt like coming to foodie home.we started with the sweet potato soup, adorned with a handmade apple berry compote and creme fraiche - our spoons dropped back into the bowls simultanously and we looked at each other - giddy in the eyes. ferrr reeeal? in milwaukee? we were sad for the rest of dinner - no way could this epic soup be topped. but it was. well, too. the duck confit flatbread was delicious, my trout was perfectly balanced and prepared with brussel sprout hash and fingerling potatoes and my co-diner's chicken atop handmade gnocchi was a poultry resurrection. it was the kind of dining experience where you wanna kick something or call your local mom immediately.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,2/17/2012,23,117,2,7,3>Transfer is, hands down, the best pizza place in Milwaukee. I absolutely love eating at Transfer because every element of the meal is done perfectly. Each time I visit, I feel like a regular (though, by now, I sort of am a regular). The staff are extremely friendly and go out of their way to make you feel comfortable. I always get the same cocktail at Transfer because their pear martini is PERFECT. I am impressed with their tap and wine selection, but I just cannot pass up that martini! There are enough dinner choices on the menu for everyone to find something they'll love, and as a vegetarian I especially appreciate the opportunity to mix things up and try some new flavors with the white sauce, the classic tomato sauce or a BBQ sauce. On my last visit, I sampled the carrot cake at Chef Vasyl's suggestion and was so happy I did! This cake is excellent, and I've had a lot of carrot cake at a lot of restaurants.I cannot recommend Transfer highly enough. I think you'll love it. :)
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2011,2/16/2012,38,50,3,3,4>The Nomad is slowly becoming my favorite Brady street bar. located within crawling distance of most of the lower east side, its best to leave your car at home and bike (parking!) or walk, since motorized vehicle parking around Brady st is at a premium.They have a large array of local and crafty beer here, as well as a kick ass bloody and your normal fully stocked booze shelf. Bartenders are witty (important) and remember you after you've been here a few times. I generally keep my stay during the week when its more of a local, neighborhood feel to the place. Weekends here are INSANE (think Eastsider on fishbowl night), they're so packed you can barely move. While it appears half the bar may be outside smoking, there's actually no room to get inside! Worlds shortest happy hour, Prix Fix, quiche soccer [futbol] decor abound, and a loyal trivia night following all make the nomad a quintessential Brady Street staple. Now if we could just keep those suburbanites out of here, it'd be golden.
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2011,2/14/2012,9,105,2,4,3>The Estate is a classic jazz bar.  It's a very intimate setup.  There's probably no place else in Milwaukee where you are as close to the musicians.  It's usually a $5 cover and beers are $4-$5/per.  Head over here, listen to some great jazz, and have a couple drinks.  It's well worth the trip over to the East Side.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2011,2/13/2012,273,26,5,7,7>Delicious.Accessible.Vegetarian and Gluten-free friendly.And gosh darn it, it's authentic.These are all things I look for in a great ethnic restaurant. And Hue doesn't disappoint.   Now that I've had the opportunity to eat there a couple of times, I'm even more inclined to recommend it.Starters include some pretty amazing options.  I'm a big fan of their crab rangoon (not the most adventurous thing, I know, but it rocks).  And the spring rolls are deliciously fresh, much credit due to the fresh, local herbs they use straight from the Hue garden. Don't miss the Pho.  It's hot and hearty. And flavorful.  And the portion is generous (the XL version is definitely a hungry man dinner).   My recommendation? Try the beef & meatball.I opted for the vegetarian special of the evening --  spicy soft egg noodles with "veggie meat".  Flavorful, but not super spicy, this was a dish that impressed me with the sheer amount of vegetables it included -- red peppers, carrots, scallions, and a large portion of veggie meat to boot.  Definitely a welcome change from your average Asian noodle bowl.As far as gluten-free options go, there are plenty.  The wait staff is well trained to consult "the list" of GF options.  And, since a variety of dishes are already made with rice-based pasta, there's even a way to get your GF noodle on.But, Hue's appeal doesn't stop with the food.  Step up to a bar for any number of great drinks from bartender Nick Koehler.  My personal favorite is the cinnamon smash -- a warming autumn cocktail with a hint of cinnamon and basil. So go!  Visit!  Enjoy!  And comeon back here to write your own review.  That is what Yelp! is all about, after all.
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,2/12/2012,66,76,,2,3>A park is a park, of course, of course,And everyone enjoys a GREAT park of course,Especially if the scenery is like Grant Park.I've been to this park on a few occasions and enjoyed the scenery. From the rolling hills and bluffs overlooking the lake, to the peaceful golf course nearby. If you are looking for a little exercise, bring your boots and climb around the bridges and up some hills.It can get a little breezy, so be sure to bring layers - especially in the spring or fall. Some of the area could use a little sprucing up - like one of the bridges that has (had?) been out the last time I was there. But for an all around good time, and adventure, stop on out. Our daughter really enjoyed climbing the hills and wandering around by the beach area playing with the rocks.Escape the city for a little bit, and enjoy a little nature here without all the noise!
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,9/24/2013,43,51,3,6,4>Riverwest is so amazing.  I especially love the people that dwell there.  They are the most eccentric, carefree people around, and I have fun every time I party with them.  The Public House is so Riverwest, the vibe spills onto Locust Ave and beckons to you.  Before I even knew what it was, I would drive by and wonder why there were so many bikes parked outside and people just hanging around, especially at 3pm.  But that's how the Riverwest party goes down... 3pm, beers, bikes, vibes.... awesome!   I saw an awesome show here last weekend... The Delphines.  I was really impressed by them.  They also had a lot of local Riverwest support, head bobbing and dancing to their tunes.  I was proud to be a part of it.  The bartenders are super cool, and they serve Blackbox Wine!  I'm a fan, so I had a couple.  Don't hate on boxed wine, they are putting some good things in boxes these days!  And for an old socialist like myself, I love the co-op aspect of the place, organizing the people for good causes, like booze and tunes.
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,9/23/2013,79,138,3,8,5>I feel like I'm constantly learning about places in town that are owned by the same people. Well the people that brought you Barnacle Bud's, Victoria's and McKieran's (who knew they all had the same owners?) have a southside bar blocks from my house called Ducky's. Yes, this cute little bar is in the Morgandale neighborhood, but it's a crazy hybrid of southside bar in terms of prices & having free food on Sundays and Bayview bar in terms of focus on micro brews. If you're looking for a loud bar scene, you're not going to find it here, but if you want to pony up to the bar, have a few good beers and great conversation, Ducky's just might be your joint. (Double bonus: Monopoly pinball and a pool table)
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,9/22/2013,73,56,3,4,3>In a small buildingA hurricane of chaosand soy, and seitan
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,9/21/2013,43,75,,4,4>I went to the "They Might Be Giants" show last Friday and it was my first show here.  I was pleasantly surprised!   Lots of room, lots of Bars (I expected it to be expensive), lots of space in the Balcony, and REALLY NICE, AND CLEAN BATHROOMS!   The first couple of songs were a little, muddy but they adjusted the sound levels and the show sounded great overall.This place is whole lot nicer than the Rave or the Eagles Ballroom so I will be back!
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,9/20/2013,91,365,,3,3>I have eaten at Ballisteri's on 68th St a number of times and rate their pizza tops in Milwaukee (and possibly the world), but I had never been to the full monty restaurant until tonight. I sat at the spacious and friendly bar and immediately felt at home. The bartender and waitress could not have been more friendly or attentive. I had the Ballisteri's Salad as an entree which comes with garlic bread. The salad was simple and delicious. The homemade mustard based vinaigrette was tart and I really liked it. Of course, the garlic bread was to die for with the perfect amount of butter and garlic for me (I.e. not soaked in butter and a hefty dose of garlic). As was mentioned the decor is supper club with white linen table clothes and napkins. This will be a must visit when out of town guests come to visit!
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,9/19/2013,124,391,3,7,3>I can't wait to eat more Serbian food after my great experience here.  A couple weeks back, I went here with my girlfriend's family.  With all of us being newbies, we collectively asked all of our friends that have ate here or are Serbian.  I highly recommend this place to anyone.  First things first, order a liter carafe (yes, you are reading it right- a liter of wine not just a bottle that is 750 ml)  of their house red wine.  If you are a wine snob, I am sure you won't agree with my statement here but heck for the money and the amount of wine you can't go wrong.  This went down all too smooth for all of us and ended up ordering another when we ordered the food.  My food recommendation is to get the Borek as an appetizer.  Yes, it is $20 but it is HUGE.  We had 5 of us and could barely finish it to start the meal off.  You have to call ahead since it does take around an hour to prepare.  We then ordered 4 other dishes that we all split.  They were the stuffed peppers (everyone's favorite at the table along with the Borek), sausages, zucchini dish, and one other that escapes me.  Regardless, you can't go wrong with any of their dishes we found out.  But beware they are heavy and filling dishes so I suggest you split them with others at the table.  This place has an old time feel with having a dozen tables and bar with an old Schlitz beer sign above it.  They have high ceilings and bright lighting.  I liked the atmosphere of the place and love that a great cocktail lounge is right down the street for after dinner drinks.
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2013,9/18/2013,137,194,5,8,7>Knowing we had a group of 40 coming in town for Saengerfest, I arranged to have our large group meet at the Turner for Friday Fish Fry.  I spoke with the manager early, and told him maybe around 10 people.  This number quickly ballooned to 44 people. The manager (Brian) assured me this was no problem, and said they would be ready.Sure enough, we arrived (Minus 12, who had overindulged at the beer hall for lunch) and the service was spot on.  Drinks were served, dinner was served, and we were in and out in less than an hour, allowing our friends to make their 6:30 practice schedule.The fish fry was great, my wife had the Nueske's bacon flatbread (Called the "Traditional") It was INCREDIBLE.Great job Turner Hall- see you next time.
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,9/17/2013,58,71,6,5,8>OGBH- that's where it's at!  This past weekend was only my 2nd time hitting the beer hall but I for sure have become an instant fan.  Giant liters of good beer, great live music and a huge pretzel platter that made me want to punch everyone else who was eating off of it.  What more could a girl ask for?I plan to put the OGBH on my list of regular bars to spend time in.  It's a super sausage party and for a single girl looking for love, it seems like a more than a smart decision to put in some time here.While no one can replace my first love Estabrook Beer Garden, OGBH is a great substitute during these bastard cold winter months.
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,9/16/2013,69,124,6,13,7>An unabashed 5-star review...Call me a hopeless nostalgic. I don't know, but Barbiere's Italian Inn has been a favorite of mine for years. Decades even. And it seems to me that the older it gets--unchanged--the more I love it.Pete's Pizza that resided at 7434 W Capitol Drive for most of my entire life used to hold this place in my heart. Goodbye Pete's, Milwaukee's King of Pizza. I will remember you in my heart fondly forever.Barbiere's is not only a favorite of mine, but Marquette basketball coaching legend Al McGuire was a big fan of the place too. So much so that when a white-out blizzard rendered Milwaukee's streets untraversable, only four people were foolish and hungry enough to venture out for a bite at Barbiere's Italian Inn: me, my wife, Al McGuire's wife and Al McGuire. I'll never forget that night. Snow drifting up by the yard and us dining in nearly complete silence inside Barbiere's. I sensed another couple in the back corner of the restaurant, but paid no attention to who they were. After a shared pitcher of beer, I headed for the restroom and just before I reached the door, an unmistakable voice asked me "Hey, buddy. You got the time?" I turned, stood and looked. Gobsmacked. "Umm. Umm. Yeah sure, Coach McGuire. It's, umm, 8 o'clock, I think."Al must've thought to himself, "I ask the only guy in the place the time and he can't read a clock!" Of course, I could have equally questioned, "What the heck? Al McGuire doesn't own a watch?!"Nonetheless, my point is -- if Barbiere's food was desirable enough for me and the coach to venture out in inclement conditions to enjoy, it's good enough for you.Have the pizza, pasta or my wife's fave: "The Snack." You will leave Barbiere's full and satisfied. And maybe your waistline doesn't need it, but try their legendary garlic bread too. It's hearty, garlic-y, and soaked in butter. In other words: perfect.Lastly, Barbiere's won't break the bank. If two people can't stuff themselves silly on 20 bucks here, they may need a gastric band adjustment or something.Enjoy pizza. Enjoy simple. Enjoy permanence. Enjoy Barbiere's.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,9/15/2013,267,123,5,9,11>I adore this Italian establishment.It's pricey for sure.Quality is perfeftion.  I have family from Italy and this is where I buy all of their gifts.  They enjoy opening every item I purchase them.  All is perfection and tasty!Great cheeses, although I prefer Larry's Market.
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,1/11/2012,25,54,,6,3>I'm very happy to have found this place.It may not be as big as an H-Mart but it has a pretty good fresh veggie section.  Also lots of cuts of pork as well as an assortment of fish.  Fruits were little limited, but still better than a Pick 'n Save.Plenty of packaged foods, and the frozen premade section is pretty useful for someone who doesn't cook much.It was pretty cold inside today, but I imagine this is the type of place that will be cold in the winter and hot in the summer.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,1/10/2012,148,281,3,7,4>Who knew there was this one unconnected block of Booth St up here? Not me. But I'm glad I know now because it's home to The Candlemaker.I am not a crafty person. But I want to make...something, and I'm choosing candles. Wish me luck. When I stepped into this shop, I couldn't really tell what I was seeing, it just seemed like a lot of stuff. But then the super nice and helpful lady told me what was what, and I was able to get what I was looking for. Without the upselling--I was referred several times to the Goodwill a few blocks away instead of having to buy all new supplies. And! as I just wanted to start out with one candle or two, she offered a free wick and color pieces instead of having to buy packs. How cool.So Milwaukee, next time you're in a candle-making mood, you should check this place out! It's open only on Wednesdays and some Saturdays, so it might require a teensy bit of planning, but I was totally impressed.
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2011,1/9/2012,155,417,5,5,4>Do you know what's really sad? There are some places in this country where you cannot get frozen custard. *moment of silence*We are so lucky to be Midwesterners! And we're even luckier to have Kopp's in Milwaukee! Kopp's has the best custard, hands down. They have a ton of flavors that they switch up every day and they do NOT skimp on the toppings. I think it's fun that you can sign up for emailed flavor alerts so you never miss out. My current flavor alerts are for chocolate chip cookie dough, cookies 'n cream, Heath bar, Sprecher root beer float, and lemon raspberry shortbread. I have also had grilled cheese, fries, and onion rings here and they're always perfect, too.  This is not a sit-down place, nor is there a drive-through window. There are some hi-top tables and an outdoor area where you can eat, if the weather is nice, but otherwise it's mainly to-go. So, make sure you ask for all those extra things you might need, ketchup packets, mayo, etc.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2011,1/8/2012,35,52,,4,3>Our love, Moshe, was lethargic, gained a ton of weight and we took him to several vets over the past 8 months.  We finally found a holistic vet that figured out what was wrong with him.  Dr. Dean was intuitive and only did tests we needed to rule out what he thought the issue was (thyroid).  It turned out he is a great diagnostician!  Now our Moshe is taking a pill twice a day for the rest of his life but he is coming back to life.  Without Dr. Dean, Moshe may not have lived to his fullest and would have continued having a horribly painful existence.The place is in an old house that has been converted to a clinic so you could drive right past it and not know it.  There is a wall of pictures of new visitors to the clinic, which I thought was a nice touch, showing they care about their patients.  When we picked up his first prescription they put Moshe's name on the bag and stickers.  It was cute, like you'd do in a child's doctor's office.The cost is higher than other vets but it's like getting healthcare you'd expect for yourself, its high quality.I definitely recommend this place for all of your furry friends.
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,1/7/2012,26,85,,6,5>From reading other reviews, my own experience with their service was not bad. I placed a take out order and the gentleman on the other end did speak English (albeit broken) and did get my order perfectly the first time. The location is not in the best dressed part of town, but I certainly did not fear for my life upon arrival. The seating inside is sparse and quaint. And the food, my goodness! I teared up a little and not because of the spice, but because I had finally discovered pretty authentic, absolutely delicious indian/Pakistani food! The servings are quite generous as compared to other Indian restaurants. The flavors are spot on, really just awesomely seasoned, not the bland stuff you find in other similar restaurants. Try the biryani, saag paneer, and chicken makhani. Scoop it all up with the fluffy naan bread and you have got yourself a feast.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2011,1/6/2012,20,147,4,11,7>There were Wayne and Garth moments throughout that night, cos I definitely didn't feel worthy of this experience. Generally, when you read a boatload of hype about a place prior to first visit you're a little more apt to be critical about everything. This place lived up to every expectation I had and then some.I read a review that mentioned the secured lot prior to going and am grateful as I made sure to have some smaller bills in my wallet to take care of the man watching my car. Definitely not the neighborhood you want you car unlocked with keys in ashtray, but that's the way the system rolls...take care of the security dude and he takes care of you (the way life is meant to be).The ambiance and decor of the establishment have been nailed in other reviews, so I'm not going to cover that. Orders are taken at the bar, so arriving earlier than our reservation allowed to time for socializing at the bar and such. Service was great from both the bartenders and waitstaff. Salads, a relish tray, and fresh bread were on the table as we were seated. It was a nice start to a spectacular experience. The only appetizer ordered was the garlic bread, which was from the oven fresh and quite good. One of my friends boosted about how fantastic the Long Island Iced Teas were there, so if you feel so inclined...I ordered a medium-rare Porterhouse with asparagus and rice pilaf. The steak was cooked to perfection and served in a bed of a light brown sauce or marinade (pardon my cluelessness) and mushrooms. So, so, good. I followed the experience with a slice chocolate cheesecake and cappuccino. Seriously one of the best (if not the best) meals I've had since moving to Milwaukee.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,1/5/2012,39,87,,12,7>I have been to Christie's twice now and can't wait for my next visit.  On my initial visit I ordered a chicken sandwich that came with bacon and cheese on a pretzel bun.  It was perfectly seasoned. As other reviewers noted, Jason is a wonderful host.  He is very welcoming and cordial.  He even recognized me on my second visit.  What a great memory!  On my second visit, I ordered one of the specials which was a crispy breaded chicken breast served with broccoli and mac and cheese.  The chicken was great.  It was a huge portion but I couldn't stop eating it.  The mac and cheese could have been a meal in itself.  Had to be some of the best I have ever had.  Even the broccoli looked good which is so rare at restaurants. They usually serve a soggy mess but not at Christie's!
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,1/4/2012,100,354,3,5,4>We went for brunch on Sunday around noon after we learned about the Knick at the Milwaukee Wine and Dine event (where we spoke to some staff and were impressed with their samples). When we arrived, we got our name on the list and were told it was about a 20 minute wait (but usually longer, we were on the tail end of brunch). We were seated within 5 minutes.I ordered the banana pecan pancakes with whisky butter and syrup. Boyfriend ordered the dill havarti omlet (without chicken, so I could taste it). I didn't care for the coffee, it tasted watery and burnt. The food came in pretty short time. Banana pecan pancakes with whisky butter and syrup where FANTASTIC. Fluffy pancakes (a little dry), great buttery flavor, beautiful presentation.The omlet was good. Not too greasy. Would go back.
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2011,1/3/2012,21,177,,4,2>I should start out that we are not usually a big fan of fusion.  Usually, to me, it is an odd mix that does not really do justice to any cuisine.  So, we were pleasantly surprised by Umami Moto.  The decor is stark, but in the hip and trendy way that seems to be the norm on Milwaukee street.  The ahi tuna poke is outstanding.  The best I've had outside of Hawaii.  Likewise, the fresh fish was out of this world.  And, I know this sounds odd, but the fried rice was simply incredible.  I could not believe how good it was.  The service was great, and they constantly asked for our legitimate feedback on all of the items (the only item we did not care for was the sukiyaki which was too salty for our tastes).  The dessert was described as a "deconstructed snickers bar" and is highly recommended.  All in all, one of the best meals we have had in Milwaukee.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,1/2/2012,38,83,4,6,7>Being the product of an Italian-American immigrant family, I've been visiting Groppi since I was able to walk. I have vivid memories of the old Groppi with its rich aroma of cured meats and its shelves not quite fully filled with Italian imports. This was before it was transformed into it's current state by the Sendiks group and I must say at first I was sad to hear of the change, but now, I find I love the place just as much as I did as a little girl. Things to take advantage of on your visit to Groppi:1. All things Italian.If you're looking to cook a delicious Italian meal, I would absolutely recommend acquiring all your grocery needs here. Not only will they have the basic staples you need, but they'll have items that'll make your meal go the extra mile. For example, they have an amazing selection of freshly made pasta and home-made grains for cooking uniquely Italian dishes like polenta. They also have the weirder things that you might not be able to find in a normal grocery store like their tins of large-sized anchovies, or a rare Italian cheese from their huge cheese counter. In addition to the aforementioned suggestions, they literally have almost anything necessary to Italian cooking. Just visit and take a look around the first 4-5 aisles of the store and you'll see why.2. The Paninis!!!SO GOOD! They have a list of varied paninis they make every morning fresh. When you order one, they heat it up for you so it's hot and delicious when you eat it. The portion size is absolutely huge. A half is more than enough for one person for one meal. One suggestion: if you have to place an order for a few sandwiches, they recommend calling in the morning so you can have the necessary number of items ready for you. They only make a certain number each day, so if you show up late they might not have that delicious Cuban panini you've been hoping for.3. The cheese, meat, seafood and deli countersAll are amazing. The selections for each are similar in that they boast a wide variety and feature many items you normally wouldn't be able to buy in a chain grocery store. The cheese selection is amazing and definitely fulfills my cheese-loving desires while also inspires me to try their uncommon offerings. The variety of homemade sausages they have in the back is really unparalleled. Everything they offer in these counters are really fresh and really high quality. I've never had a bad item from any of their counters.4. Wine.They have an amazing wine offering. Like most areas of the store, they have wines you normally wouldn't find elsewhere. Great, great, great offering of rare Italian varietals and a good showing of both French and American wines. Also, the wine bar in the back is adorable and has really awesome specials and wine tastings frequently.I'm realizing now that I could just go on, so this is when I tell you to just come down and check it out. The only caveat I could possibly have about the new Groppi is that you should just be aware of the pricing beforehand. Food this good isn't cheap and, on most items, neither are their prices. That said: it's worth it. If you see a girl drooling in front of the cheese counter, it's probably me. Please say hi--I'm usually normal.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2012,10/14/2012,87,301,3,6,4>I love Summerfest.  I know not everyone does, but hey, I like it.  And because of that, here are my tips for an enjoyable Summerfest experience:1. Wear clothes. You might notice a lot of people don't, or that they forget key items of clothing. Don't be one of these people.2. Don't get completely shwasted. Again, you might notice a lot of people don't follow this rule.  However, if you personally consume a moderate to non-existent amount of alcohol, it will help you to a) remember Summerfest and b) successfully navigate the crowd in a Frogger-like fashion.3. Bring cash. Not every vendor takes credit cards, and there are few things worse than waiting in line just to find out you can't purchase a cold beverage on a hot day.4. Park away from the grounds and ride the bus in. MCTS makes it super easy to get to and from the gates. Meters downtown expire at 6 pm, and it's only $3 "round-trip" to ride, but realistically, they only charge en route TO the park.5. Give yourself time to get to your intended stage and arrive extra early if you care about where you sit/stand. Cutting along the lake side of the park is a great way to bypass the hectic traffic.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,10/13/2012,49,29,4,7,4>This place is my jam.So I've been going here for a million years:-great lunch specials-try getting food to-go & walk to Brady St to walk down to the lakefront-spice level 1 through 3 are the only safe spice levels-4 through 7 spice are serious and for people that love spicy foods-sometimes 5's are 7's, and 7's are 5's, anything over 4 is HOT-8+ is suicide, enjoy your death-fried squid is chewy but I love it-good curries, GREAT noodles & papaya salad-beef salad is sometimes best ever, sometimes nasty-BEST CHEAP date / cheap eats on eastside
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2012,10/12/2012,155,417,5,11,6>I stopped by this place on a Saturday afternoon. They're still in their soft opening but will have a grand opening 4/21/12. They're cash only, for now, but will accept credit cards soon. The space is beautiful and bright with seating inside and out, when the weather is nice. Now, on to more important things - I got one raisin monkey bread and one blueberry cream cheese Danish and they were delectable! So, so, good, you all must go and try it. Sharing is hard for me, but I only ate half of each and my husband's halves are just sitting in the bag in the kitchen. I admire his willpower but he shouldn't be surprised if they disappear.The woman who helped me told me they plan to have more baked goods and cafe sandwiches and things of that sort. I will definitely be back to see what goodies they have in store for us.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2012,10/11/2012,162,248,,3,3>We've eaten her several times.  Each of those times, the food has been very good.  They have probably the best hash browns I have ever eaten; home made or eaten in a restaurant.When you order an omelet, it comes with a choice of a side dish, and a cup of grapes that is served on a plate with their homemade fruit preserves and a small ceramic dish of whipped butter.  They have a bread called "Challah," a unique egg bread that is superb.Service here has always been excellent. Our server, Justin, made our late breakfast on Saturday (9/15/2012) a pleasant experience.Blue's has a full liquor service/bar area which is on the wall where the counter seating is located, and there are drink specials daily that change from time to time.We intended to have lunch on this day but didn't know  they only serve breakfast on Saturdays. (I was looking forward to their appetizers of stuffed deviled eggs which I've had before and liked).  Blue's Egg stops serving and closes at 2:00PM on Saturday, so be forewarned.Note:  I've uploaded some pix I've taken the last few times we've eaten here.  They should give you an idea of the quality of the food here, hopefully!
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,10/10/2012,23,21,7,9,5>Dear Cap'n Pabst:  I really enjoyed touring your home today.  Sorry you were not around (by like 100 years), but you did a fantastic job building this place.  My favorite room was your study (aka the smoking room), the walnut wood carving in there is exquisite. Great job!!The amount of work and TLC that must have gone into restoring this mansion is mind boggling and the end result is phenomenal. I can't believe that the mansion at one point was almost torn down to make a parking lot for the previous hotel next door.  The docent who gave the tour really knew her stuff and was able to answer every question the crowd threw at her.  The tour offers an insight into not just the Pabst family, but also Milwaukee history and beer history.  I would recommend this tour to anyone except for small kids (it is an hour long and you are not allowed to touch anything so try telling your kid to sit still and keep their hands to themselves for an hour).
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,10/9/2012,76,73,2,4,4>As always. super skeptical about chain(ish) restaurants. My parents had joined their wine club and I happened to be free the night they went to pick up the wine. I dont 100% know the whole deal with the wine club but the gist of it is that you sign up for a one or two bottle a month club and there is a featured wine. Seems like they are pretty cool about letting you try wines before you get them so you know you are getting something that you like. Also something about being able to trade in or switch wine if you dont like that month's flavor.. possible for a fee, possibly complimentary.. anyway, they have a cute gift shop where you can mull around before being seated. Great dessert tray too.We ended up having dinner. I love free dinners, so, THANKS MOM N DAD! I was PLEASANTLY suprised that they were indeed prepared for me and had a gluten free menu that the waiter was able to retrieve. What I found refreshing about this GF menu was that it wasnt the standard, you can get this sandwich on lettuce, or other options that really take away from the dish. I got  "Chicken Madeira" which had chicken in a wine sauce and mushrooms. The server was really knowledgable about the food as well as the wine which is refreshing. The food was just plain great. To temp, seasoned well, I honestly have no complaints. If Im in a mood for a chain I will definitely make this one that I frequent. And maybe when I am back to drinking wine I will join their wine club!
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,10/8/2012,66,197,10,8,6>Once hipsters find something they can brag about ("Dude, I know this awesome hole-in-the-wall place that you probably never heard of..."), be prepared for the influx.  But then again, it is Bay View.  Enjoy the great people watching as waves of lumberjack-shirted (or too-tight t-shirt), thick unkempt beards, and black thick-rimmed glasses come in to pick-up their quesadilla orders.  Just kidding, hipsters. You guys know your Mexican.  With that being said - guys, this a good place to take a date to show off your authentic Mexican cred. Anyways on to the food, which is excellent.  As soon as your seated (which is limited) you'll receive complimentary chips and salsa.  The salsa is very fresh and has a very subtle kick that can sneak up on weaker-tongued individuals if eaten too fast.  Do yourself a favor and pay an extra few dollars for a side of the guac.  I haven't had anything but the taco plates, which include flavorful Mexican rice and refried beans.  But there really is no reason to try anything else.  The steak tacos are incredible.  I usually just have them include onions, cilantro, avocado slice, and a few lime wedges with my order.  Very very good.  The al pastor tacos are excellent as well.  My fiancée's a big fan of the horchata, so you might want to try that out too.  I give it a five not only for the great quality of food.  It's also an incredibly cheap date.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,10/7/2012,115,276,1,5,6>Hart Park has everything you need to fit into your active lifestyle.  My husband and I like to use the track on summer nights to get our running / walking in. The track and kids areas are open to the public in the summer.  It's a nice place to go during the summer months, as it has something for every member of the family. If I could change one thing : I'd post more visible rules on the track.  There are a lot of people not aware of basic track etiquette, (such as slower traffic being in the right lane, lane #8) or allowing strollers on the track.  Other than that it's a wonderful place.  I intend on going many times during the summer months!
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,10/6/2012,87,148,,6,5>By far the best cultural festival in Milwaukee. I am not just saying that because I have been to Ireland twice and day dream on a regular basis about running away there and living a peaceful life among the sheep. Like the other Milwaukee cultural festivals you will find food, music, and shopping. This year my favorite band was scythian: scythianmusic.com. Check them out, they were crazy on stage. Crazy good, not crazy going to kill you in your sleep crazy. I also ate my share of Reuben rolls. My favorite Irish Fest food. I prefer the ones from McBob's because of the texture inside the roll, but others are partial to Maders as well. I prefer my Thousand Island inside my roll not outside in dip form. Check out the website for daily deals. Almost every day you can get in for a reduced price. Thursday is free with a donation of school supplies and Sunday before 11 am you can get in for free with a donation of canned goods. The festival is very family friendly, my daughter was there two out of the four days and didn't grow weary of the following activities: -pirate ship-craft area-playground-splashpad-junkfood -superhero bingo-passport treasure hunt Gaelic Storm is a must see if you haven't all ready. Second to the Reuben rolls are the Irish Nachos. Homemade potato chips, corned beef, nacho cheese, scallions, and thousand island dressing. Nom nom. Sunday offers a Catholic mass, the second largest in the world. Come early for a seat that allows you to hear. But, its not your hearing...some of the mass in is Gaelic. Sunday at 9 the festival ends with a "scattering" (a compilation of all the bands) and fireworks.
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,10/5/2012,13,55,3,5,3>A great alternative grocery store with top notch Customer Service!Let's take a brief tour, shall we?You walk into the store and you are in the produce section.  Produce is generally fresh with a fair selection.  Many items list their region of origin.  Personally, I would like to see more local items, though.  I mean... we do farm in this state... right?  And a local store that advertises "local first" could probably use a few more local items, in my opinion.Their deli-counter is OK for a small store.  Not a very large selection of cheeses or meats.  But some quality stuff just the same.  And I've never been overly impressed with some of their salad recipes.  But the fresh ingredients they use do go a long way.Dairy... I like the selection and quality here.  They have a nice selection of milks including a local brand that is non-homogenized and lightly pasteurized.  Yum!!  Also, good selection and good prices on organic and Greek yogurts.I don't find myself in the non-perishables here much because... well... selection is lacking and pricing seems a bit high for comparable items I can get elsewhere.  But, I also don't have any kind of food allergies or intolerances.  And they offer a good number of alternatives for people that do.The back wall is filled with By-The-Pound items including (but not limited to) pastas, oats, brans, rices, wheats, nuts, beans, trail mixes, dried fruits, etc.  In my opinion, this is one of the high points of the Outpost.In all honesty, their meat counter is really pretty small.  But they don't compromise quality.  They sell fresh, organic beef.  It's all labeled pretty well.  And you can also grab yourself some grass-fed beef from Wisconsin.  Their pressed sausage is decent and they have a few fish and poultry items too.  For those that don't like pork, they offer some chicken sausage alternatives.  They also have a small freezer where you can find some frozen meats including buffalo.Their liquor area is rather small, but a decent selection of wine and beer nonetheless.  And because it's not a warehouse of liquor, I like that I can easily find a wine without added sulfites (which they generally have 4 or 5 of).Frozen foods are... well... frozen.  You can find the regular stuff here, as well as out-of-season fruits.  They also have many frozen options for people with food allergies, etc.  Which is really nice!So that's the tour... briefly.  Pricing is a bit on the expensive side.  But that's the price you have to pay for fresh food nowadays.  And there are really only 1 or 2 items I can think of that are simply way out of line.Finally, their customer service is STELLAR!  Everyone from the cashiers, to the butchers, to the deli counter, to the people stocking the isles.  They are all just so friendly and hospitable.  It's really what puts this store on my must-shop-at list.  Grumpy-gusses need not apply.
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,6/13/2014,58,71,6,8,7>Well, I'm a mama to be for the first time and have been going a little crazy wondering if the little person inside is a boy or a girl.  I was at my regular physicians office last week and the ultrasound tech said she thought we were having a girl.  THOUGHT?  I can't go 6 more weeks thinking I'm having a girl only to be suddenly surprised and told there has been a wiener in me this whole time.  That's when I decided I needed to head to My First Peekaboo and find out for sure what this kid was.If you are pregnant, put that tub of ice cream down and make an appointment here!  I know that ice cream tastes so good, but you will be over the moon happy after your appointment.  My initial phone call to get information was really informative and made me feel much more comfortable about coming here.  I had in the back of my head that this place might be kind of shady or not give us the best information but I was proven wrong over and over again through out my visit.The thing I love about My First Peekaboo is that you can bring your whole family. It was nice that my step kids were able to be a part of seeing the baby.  They are 14 so do they really care, probably not but having the option to see the baby as a family is awesome!  The ultrasound room is very large and comfortable for mom which is most important.  You have the option to stream the half an hour ultrasound session as well as get a copy of the session on DVD.  Listen to me, you are going to think to yourself that you don't need those and it's a waste of money.  It's not!!!!  I fully regret my choice to not take advantage of them.  Looking back it would have been awesome to go back and see the ultrasound since you're a little in shock when you are there.Our ultrasound tech Anna was FABULOUS!  She was so sweet and took a lot of time to explain things to us that my doctor never did.  Like the fact that my baby was snuggling it's placenta because the placenta is warm and has a heartbeat- ummm hello that's the cutest thing in the whole world!  My child was in the most strange position and basically looked like it had spent the night drinking and passed out over the toilet.  I found my little person's Irish yoga position hilarious and Anna took notice of this, captured it and gave me several copies.  She also took a lot of time trying to get my stubborn child to move so we could see its face which at your regular doctor they aren't going to do.  Overall, she made the experience so special for my family and I and I want to go back there today and give her a long uncomfortable hug for giving us something we might not have otherwise gotten.Anna was able to tell us the gender of our baby and she didn't just tell us, she explained to us in detail what she was looking at.  She reassured me several times that if she didn't feel she could tell us the gender with certainty, she wouldn't and I could come back at no charge.  That really meant a lot to me, that she wasn't just guessing but knew for sure exactly what we were having.  Overall, I couldn't be happier with my appointment and experience here and would recommend My First Peek A Boo every pregnant woman!
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,6/12/2014,92,265,2,9,6>42 Lounge is a nearly one year old bar that caters to the nerdier side of lifestyle choices...and I walked out a fan. There are several large screen televisions and projectors where one (or a group) can play a host of games across all genres -- first person shooters, co-op, fighting, racing, sports, fantasy, etc. There is also a nice selection of table top games -- my group gathered and tried Munchkin (over our heads) before switching to Settlers of Catan. Fantasy genre not to your liking? They have Monopoly and Jenga, too.A host of gaming/pop-culture/fantasy/movie-themed cocktails and specialty drinks are on the list as well as a wide selection of bottled beers are on the list. After a few beers to start, I tried the Butterbeer -- whoah. Delicious. Could have been a problem if more than one were consumed; be sure not to relinquish your self-control! Slight disappointment that the "Why So Serious?" drink was not available, but it certainly did not ruin the night.This review would not be complete without mentioning the incredibly friendly, eager to please staff. The bartenders were nice and speedy, and provided good recommendations. Nice touch: one of the bar staff took 15 minutes before things got too busy to help our group understand the rules of Munchkin. I had a chance to chat briefly with the owner, who was buzzing around checking in on tables as the bar grew busier throughout the evening, and she was gracious and thankful for the new business and compliments from our group of first-timers.I will definitely return -- I might not always have one of the monster mixed drinks, but seeing Super Mario World included as a game certainly increased the likelihood of future visits. Well done, 42 Lounge!
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,6/11/2014,23,75,2,7,7>Again, it's cash only.Okay, so I decided to give Leon's another try after receiving an email from Leon's Corporate Management. Well played Leon's, ya got my business again.I decided this time to go with the cone instead of taking a pint. First I want to say that my double cone was $2.15. Yes please! Second, the cone flavor wasn't my favorite and I really wish waffle cones were offered. That's just me being picky. The ice cream itself was definitely deliciously creamy and out of the vanilla and chocolate, the vanilla was my favorite. But both were still very good. Also the only flavors seem to be vanilla, chocolate, pecan and raspberry. I don't mind not having the options for crazy flavors. There are more options with the sundaes. Also more options for pints and gallons. The ice cream is sooo cheap! I love that. I would like to point out that at this particular visit there were quite a few more ppl, but the service was fast and friendly. Not only that, but...after receiving my cone, I dropped it on the ground! Ugh! First of all, it was humiliating haha. And lame. But evvvveryone was so kind about it and assured me I'd get a new cone. I cleaned up my mess for those busy servers and they offered me a new cone. It was very nice and awessome. So I give Leon's one extra star. But Ollie's is still my fav. :) but price certainly wins out here and Ollie's is in IL.And just as an FYI, Management suggested that I warm my pint up in the microwave for 20 seconds to get it back to the creaminess. Or I could have just left it out for a while before stuffing my face. But if you try to eat it right out of the freezer, it won't have that same thick, creaminess.P.S. I may not be from the mid-west, but I'm accustomed to frozen custard as my gf has explained the process and difference between that and ice cream. She HATES that I call it ice cream. And I'm sorry for those who may be confused or offended by my use of the word ice cream when giving a review on custard. Maybe it's the NY in me. But at the end of the day, frozen custard is ice cream. ;) thick creamy ice cream. :P
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,6/10/2014,83,79,4,5,3>We went back the following weekend just to make sure it was as good as we thought it was the first time. This time there was no waiting and the fish, potato wedges, slaw and the amazing tartar sauce (sounds like a band name) were there in abundance. Apparently there was no delusion or hyperbole on our part... we took another friend with and she could not stop raving about it also.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,6/9/2014,68,73,3,7,7>Sometimes you can't trust Yelp reviews...i.e.: 4 stars for That's Amore (shudder) and sometimes you beautiful yelpers are SPOT ON...i.e. Tenuta's!!! I called at 5:30 on a Friday night to make 7pm reservations for the same night (we like to fly by the seat of our pants when it comes  to dining on the weekends). I was nervous they would laugh in my face...but guess what-7pm reservations for 2? No problem (SCORE)The place is tucked away in a neighborhood, incredibly cute and cozy, host was nice, server was friendly-good vibes all around. The hubs ordered the Penne Calabrese (OMG! YES I ATE MOST OF HIS DISH) If a dish is spicy chances are we will order it, and in this case we inhaled it! so good, and actually very spicy (yumm).I ordered the Gnocchi alla Funghi, ..it was good...wasn't my FAVORITE, maybe a little bland side...but that's because I was comparing it to the other dish. Overall, very yummy! Definitely can't wait to try it out again.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,6/8/2014,5,62,2,4,3>Excellent fish fry! A huge piece of fish plus your standard coleslaw & rye bread for a very reasonable price. There's also potato pancakes for an extra buck. The service was outstanding for a busy Friday night. The inside is nothing to write home about but does the job. There's a parking lot too.
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,6/7/2014,35,299,,22,10>I've been by this restaurant so many times during the last couple months, where it was covered by signs that say Coming Soon....that today when they were open, I HAD to stop in....turns out today was their soft opening.Service was outstanding. Maybe it was because today was their opening day or maybe because they were a little slow, but a couple different members of the waitstaff came by to check on me, and I'm a stickler for refills, and they were spot. on. As far as the food goes, you know I'm a fan of burgers and I LOVED this burger. Fresh, never frozen angus beef on an amazing brioche bun...it was perfect. A little smaller than I usually like, but there was an option for another patty...so there's that. The burger quality was great, the bun was amazing, and everything was pretty perfect. The fries were a little bland, but it's called build a burger...not build a fries, so the burger should be the star of the show. I hope this restaurant is successful. I think they have an awesome concept. The owner was nice enough to stop out and talk with me and he seems like a great guy who is putting a lot of pride and dedication into the restaurant. As far as where this burger ranks in my Milwaukee rankings, I think it's definitely top 5. Probably my 2nd favorite burger downtown behind AJ Bombers.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,6/6/2014,22,162,4,10,6>All I can say is WOW - so lucky this is in Shorewood. The last time I had ramen this good was in Tokyo. What's so unique, is when you enter, you feel like you're descending into a secret lair of noodles. It's a location the average person would never notice walking down Capitol Drive. The inside is hip with clean lines, but I'm here for the noodles (OK. BEER too, thank god they have it)Service was very quick and friendly.I ordered the shishito peppers, which is a rare find on a Milwaukee menu. They were so good, blistered, salty, a little fishy and spicy. GET THEM! I also ordered the Tochi Ramen. What you get is a big steaming hot bowl of rich broth, with toothsome, springy noodles.Floating off to the side, two big hunks of melt in your mouth pork belly, theres slivered onions and a miso deviled egg.Here's what makes Tochi so good.What you order is nearly identical to what you would get in Japan.The broth is fricken hot! The noodles are hot! Your glasses will get steamed up and for those of you who don't wear glasses, your corneas will get steamed up!There are several different layers of textures and temperatures in a simple bowl of noodles.Rich, filling, inexpensive and heavenly!Here's the bad news: for those of you on the North Shore who don't want to partake in the whole noodle bonding experience you're out of luck. ---THEY DON'T DO TAKE AWAY---
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,6/5/2014,44,153,2,7,4>I must admit, I grew up on Ned's so I may be biased...but biased by great flavor!I have never dined in, only ordered take out. I always call it in and it is usually just about ready when they say it is. It is packaged well, in foil, as to keep the warmth.I always order sausage, mushroom, onion, cheese pizza with heavy sauce. They have that great ultra thin crispy pizza. It is always so perfect. They have the best garlic bread you can get.
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,6/4/2014,172,484,,3,3>Kabob Hub's sandwiches are great. I mean GREAT, reallo really good, fantastic, stupendous, awesome. I usually have the Lamb Mediterranean sandwich with tahini sauce on the side.  The pitas that they put the sandwiches in are huge and soft. I like that. The other sandwiches they ave that I gave tried have all ben really tasty. There is no place to eat in at Kabob Hub so if you want to eat there, they can serve you at Shi Chai next door, but that is a hookah lounge so it can get pretty smokey in there.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2011,7/19/2011,37,169,,2,2>I was a little concerned when we walked in and the place was nearly empty but it was Monday night so it's not the busiest night for dining out.  But my concern was quickly dismissed when our server, Rachel, introduced herself and started what was one of the better Milwaukee dining experiences.We started with the meatballs.  The sauce and house made mozzarella were a nice balance with the meatballs.  Probably the 2nd best meatballs I've had. Marcella's in Columbus, OH still holds that title.  For our entrees, I choose the Strauss veal.  It was excellent and the black pepper pasta was a great compliment to the dish.  My partner had the hot wing ravioli, which did give him some pause before ordering it, but all reservations were gone after his first bite. Both of us scraped the last remnants off our plates. Since everything was so good, we had to give them a shot at dessert.  I choose the tara mi su copetta and my partner choose the chocolate & hazelnut cake.  My dessert was a cross between a sundae and taramisu.  While it was okay, the lady fingers didn't work well with the gelato. As for the chocolate & hazelnut cake, he declared it the best dessert he's had in a long time.Our server, Rachel, was incredible. Hope she's working every night because she is an excellent person to represent the best Graffito has to offer.  Everything came together perfectly and made for an excellent dinner.!
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,7/18/2011,87,301,2,5,4>What can one say about Kopp's? The reasons for loving it are as simple as the decor.Pro: Custard. LOTS of custard.  Two unique "flavors of the day" along with seasoned veterans chocolate and vanilla.  One scoop is a lot bigger than it sounds and can satisfy even the greatest of appetites, but if you're daring, go for more.  If ordered in a dish, you'll get a lovely wafer.  Otherwise, opt for a cone (note: the waffle cones are delicious).Pro: The grill.  I haven't attempted the entire menu, but the burgers are fantastic.  We'll often gladly bypass sit-down restaurants' burgers in favor of these ones.  The grill staff will customize your burger to your liking and consistently do it well.Pro: The ambience.  Simplistic design, fast and polite service, happy customers.  Even parking is a cinch here.Con: Really, there aren't any, aside from the lack of indoor seating.  There are tall cabaret tables for customers to stand at, but alas, no chairs.  On the pro side, though, this keeps customer traffic flowing pretty darn smoothly.Go to Kopp's.  Embrace Kopp's.  And take Milwaukee visitors to Kopp's -- they'll love the novelty of it, too.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,7/17/2011,66,197,,5,4>Word to the wise, probably not the best idea to arrive at around 8pm on Friday and expect prompt seating.  Took us about 45 minutes to get seated but it's what we expected.We had a few drinks at the bar and enjoyed the selection from the wine list.When we were seated, we had the nachos supreme as an appetizer.  I cannot tell you how great these were. We had them with the ground beef on top.  They put cheese on every chip and the plenty of toppings that would be enough of a meal for anyone.And then the burgers came.  I had the APV Burger II and enjoyed every bite of it. I was cooked perfectly (medium) and it was so so tender.  They didn't skimp on any ingredient in the burger - you could taste the black peppercorns, the bacon, and the blue cheese.  I don't recommend this burger if you absolutely don't love blue cheese, because it's a prominent taste with this sandwich.  The waffle fries tasty and crispy as well.  I wish I had more room for dessert, but I was bursting out of my shirt.  Will definitely go back for some cheesecake.  A lot of people complain about the price (a date night with a couple cocktails/wine can range from $80-100 w/ tip included) , but I thought it was worth every penny.
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2011,7/16/2011,313,188,6,2,2>i dont know how anyone can complain about goodwill. i once purchased a german version of flinstones memory here for $1.49. I am forever indebted to this place. I have found numerous little gems from jorts to wigs to cat mugs. please. if you give this place lower than a 4 you need to check yourself before you wreck yourself... the only reason i didnt give them a 5 is because i think ive been the 13th person in line here before... but i get it. people need their jorts (jean-shorts).
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,7/15/2011,35,52,,11,3>A++!I am so happy with my new cut.  I read a review talking about Justine's ability to cut Asian hair.  I have Asian-esque hair and she did a fab job!  With three aunts that cut hair, this is the first person to give an opinion about what I should do with my hair.  She did exactly what I wanted and added some short bangs that topped it off.The atmosphere is perfect for me.  You walk in and are greeted by a friendly person, regardless of what they do there.  Sometimes, at other places, it seemed as though you had to have an "in" to fit in.  Not here, all are welcome.I was able to get an appointment on a Saturday morning when I called on a Friday night.This place is a keeper.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,7/14/2011,181,369,2,3,3>Who doesn't love comfy couches and a great selection of beer while watching a movie??It's like being at home - but with a HUGE screen!I love the Rosebud.  Pass up the big movie theater chains, and keep it local with Rosebud!
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2011,7/13/2011,71,160,,8,3>I checked this place out a couple of weeks ago. They weren't lying when they said this place has everything. I'm pretty picky when it comes to Asian Grocery stores, but I have very little if anything to complain about. Aisles of ramen (it may sound crazy, but real Chinese Ramen is much better than the 50 cent stuff at regular grocery stores), tons of fresh asian veggies, a whole aisle of soy sauce...I could go on and on...It's clean and well organized - not something true at all Asian Stores. I love this place!
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,7/12/2011,26,40,2,5,3>I have been seeing Amy and Olive for a year now.  Wanting to try out acupuncture for years, I was finally driven over the edge with my unmanageable allergy and sinus problems, and sick of being sick.  The sliding scale makes this affordable for those of us with crap jobs, and the community atmosphere is actually pretty incredible.  I love being in a room with others, as opposed to solitary.  Love it.I love my treatments here.  I only wish I could go every day.  Amy and Olive are attentive and gentle and thorough.  The treatments make me feel like the most amazing unicorn rainbow fart, and my allergies have been delightfully manageable.  As well, my once a week sessions leave me feeling well balanced and healthy overall.  There are a variety of options depending on what you need treatment for, and I have utilized herbal therapy when needed with most favorable results.I recommend MCA to anyone who so much as sneezes in my direction, or whimpers in pain.  Whoohoo!
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,7/11/2011,117,150,13,10,21>I feel a bit naughty reviewing Nessun Dorma. As you can see, I'm currently the Duke, and I have no plans to relinquish that title anytime soon (I'm looking at you, Rachel F!). But me reviewing this place is like a mother saying "well I know for a fact that MY kid is the best at everything ever and nothing you can say will change that!"Being that I can see Nessun Dorma from my front porch, it was the natural choice for becoming my hang out. Truth be told, though, I'd be hanging out here regardless!Becoming a regular here has taught me SO MUCH about alcohol. I've gone from a rail vodka cocktail-ist to appreciating top shelf whisk(e)y and bourbon; from a PBR-slammin' fool, to actually knowing the difference between all dem beers out der (love love LOVE Great Lakes' Edmund Fitzgerald). But oh, hi, wait...Dorma also serves some of the most AMAZING food! It's a simple menu of Italian-style paninis and bruschettas, along with a couple of night specials and soups, and an ever-changing dessert...but what they do with this menu is remarkable. You guys. Serious.Last, but certainly not least, is the staff. KIngs and queens among men, and women. Always knowledgable, always kind, always hilarious. THE END!
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2011,7/10/2011,90,490,8,13,6>I bought a car radio, amp, and subwoofer online, then realized I had neither the time, nor the know-how to properly install them, and the Yelp listings, usually so much help for restaurant choice, this time not really much information for car radio installation.  I had to go old school and use the hardcopy of the Yellow Pages, the only time I've consulted The Phone Book in maybe a decade. The only place to answer the phone helpfully and professionally was this place, they were nice when I came in, took the time to make sure they had the right dashboard parts, and had it all in for a reasonable labor charge in about an hour. I'm very pleased with the quality of work, the repair tech took the time to speak to me directly, he was very articulate and honest, his work turned out to be very competent as well. They have a good selection of new and some used car audio equipment on hand. They also do car seat reupholstering, custom wheels, and other car-appearance work, oddly the owner additionally repairs computers and does custom computer builds, I can't (yet) evaluate that work.       I often park my car in the kinds of places where desperate and clumsy petty criminals break my window and steal my cheap car radio (even with the doors unlocked) so I've had a couple of previous experiences with the kinds of strip mall radio install places where you both buy the car radio and have some idiot kid do the install after a high pressure sales process that leaves one feeling like you need a long soapy shower and maybe disinfectant spray.  Unlike my previous two bad experiences, here at Stereo Doctor, I didn't get the sleazy up-sell pressure, they were fine with me bringing in my own cheap new radio to install (I did upgrade my speakers), and they used the appropriate adapter parts to make the radio fit properly into the dashboard.  Call first, they can get busy, but they can give you an honest answer if you ask them if they can get you in and out that day.
