<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2011,11/23/2011,265,208,3,8,7>Tonight's lesson:When a good natured, ping-pong playing, Knucklehead loving lawyer recommends a night-time hang out to you, listen.... listen good. I've walked past Capital Club 16 plenty of times and always judged it based on my peripheral view as overly swank, overly stuffy - a place filled with suits and politicians, a place where deals are dealt and business lunches are had. My punishment for being so superficial? Well, for starters, I've been missing out on a most amazing cheese plate. Holy wow - a fantastic selection of five local cheeses served with a thoughtful selection of accompaniments (no joke - the spiced pecans were so good I came *this* close to accidentally telling the bartender his nuts were amazing :) and a basket of soft, locally made breads. Killer. As for the ambiance - it's no dive, to be sure. But looking around, the crowd was mostly my age (which is to say neither young nor old... I'll leave it a t that :) The music was the same - no top 40, no classical... it's like freaking Goldilocks! Everything was JUST RIGHT. (Also, the drink list ranges from $1.50 High Life to a lovely list of $9 cocktails, so there's something for every mood - and budget). While we'd already eaten, I did take a moment to peruse the menu and I'm itching to get back for dinner some time. Sounds like there's someone with some passion for food in that kitchen, and I can't wait to explore these dishes!
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2011,11/22/2011,230,281,3,16,13>Looking for a specialty beer shop in Raleigh? Check out Tasty Beverage Co.Located next to Jibarra in the Warehouse District, Tasty Bev has a museum of beers. Domestic craft beers are on the left right when you walk in. In the center are foreign beers. And, on the far wall, there are fridges with cold-activated 40s, 6-packs, and growlers (fear not, there is actually no Coors Light). There's a whole fridge or two with local growlers.In the back, there's a bar with rotating taps with some of the owner's favorites. You could order a drink and then take it outside to the patio in front of the store. They have a permit that covers all the way in front of Jibarra. The plan is to add tables outside in front of the shop.Tasty Bev is Raleigh's answer to Sam's Quik Stop in Durham and will compete with Peace Street Market in Glenwood South.Don't miss the American Apparel T-shirts for sale at $20/each. A few of them feature the made up word "Chombers", which the owners thought was just a fun to say and it has evolved into their slogan.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2011,11/21/2011,136,284,3,8,4>Last night was our 2nd trip to Martin's Curry Rice (the first being a CMYE, a few weeks back: yelp.com/biz/cmye-sampli…), and I was incredibly satisfied and am excited to go back yet again. The curry bowls at Martin's are YUM, but for this review I really want to focus on something very special and unique that Martin offers - All Local Dinners.Since we had a gift card from the CMYE, and it just so happened to be Tuesday, Jay and I went down the road to see what we could see/eat. Every week, Martin goes to a local farmer's market for inspiration and comes back with fantastic "off menu" items. Pay attention to Martin Curry Rice's Facebook page for what's up on Tuesday nights.Martin was there to greet us and explain a little bit about the special Tuesday night menu. The idea of an Asian Beef and Veggie Wrap already had me sold, but then Martin showed me a picture on his phone...this was not beef in a wrap; the beef WAS the wrap. Fantastic. 1 please. Jay opted for Cabbage Rice with Tandoori Chicken. We attempted to share one Mango Lassi, which almost lead to a fight - we'll definitely get 2 next time. This drink was SO smooth, refreshing and creamy. Almost like drinking melted fruity yogurt, in the best way possible. I could see myself going to Martin's in the afternoon just for a Mango pick-me-up. Mmm. I'd be interested in trying other flavors!I'm still an Indian cuisine novice, so I don't really know how "Indian" my dinner was - but good grief, it was good. The sauce was savory, the meat was tender and the veggies inside my "beef wrap" were plentiful and crunchy. Not to mention the awesome and simply-sauteed side of onions, squash and zucchini. I'm not really one to fawn over veg, but I inhaled my side dish and the brown rice. Jay's chicken and rice must have also been super good, because it was gone very quickly. I got to sneak a bite of Cabbage Rice and the flavor was strong and the cabbage was crisp.Now that I can vouch for Martin's everyday and special menu items, I can definitely say that this is one of my favorite finds. I can feel good about eating local, healthy and explore new flavors all at once. Martin seems to be very present at his own restaurant and that's always great to see!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2011,11/20/2011,37,158,,5,3>Long on my list of places to try in Durham, I ended up coming here for a work-related lunch; what a great choice on the part of my coworkers.  I'd like to try one of their famous weekend brunches, but I highly recommend them for a mid-day break from the daily grind.- The beignets are very rich.- I had the asparagus and chevre crepe, which comes with a touch of hearty tomato sauce on top.  I absolutely loved the delicate balance of simple flavors on my plate, perhaps all the more as we seem to be inundated locally with more complex and/or exotic flavor combinations.It was 98 degrees outside when I left; I departed the restaurant feeling full and satisfied, though with a spring in my step; this is how French food should feel.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2011,11/19/2011,66,67,2,6,4>Nothing like getting a summer's worth of tan in a half an hour.  I recently had my first spray tan experience. Before I arrived, I made my appointment through their website.  I received instant confirmation along with pre-tan instructions and a waiver to print and sign.  The day before my appointment, I received a reminder e-mail.  Please note that the instructions suggest to go to Ulta for exfoliants by the tanning section.  I didn't see any and I informed Brenna, and she said that she would pull her recommendation off.  I found an exfoliant there and I picked something very natural and used a exfoliating towel. My session was with Brenna.  She was very professional.  She answered questions I didn't know I had.  She assessed my skin and then helped me to determine the best darkness level (which was the lightest since I'm so fair).  She put a protective layer of lotion on my hands and feet.  I liked this because I'm sure that I would've messed it up somehow and get blotchy weird hands.Brenna explained every step along the way.  It was very easy to talk to her and she made me feel very comfortable.  When we were done she wiped my hands and feet afterwards so that any residue would be removed.  She also advised me how to keep my tan longer and gave me tips.When I got home, I was getting darker by the minute. Not quite Jersey Shore like, but I was pretty dark.  This is normal and not the color that you'll get.  After 7 hours, I took a shower and I truly have a natural sun-kissed look.  I love it and want to go a little darker next time.  If you have an event, I recommend the trio package that I got.  Then you can test out your tan before you go.The location is in the Georgetown townhouses on Six forks right by Lynn Road.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,11/18/2011,110,194,6,9,5>I regularly get massages from Blake at The Retreat. She has a separate location called Shangri La which I've been going to for over a year. I was so excited when she said that she was opening a new place in Downtown Durham. Having seen the location I was floored. Very modern furniture and layout. Each of the individual rooms are themed around a color, which is also related to the treatment that you get in that room. I'm not sure exactly how she worked it out, but the place is very feng shui. I am absolutely in love. The waiting area is divine. I really really love the look and feel of this place!There is also a bathroom with shower that you can clean up if you want to do a mid-day treatment. There are aestheticians and soon there will be yoga or pilates. The place has just opened and it's a hugely welcoming, relaxing spot in the middle of downtown. I really suggest you try it out if you're looking for almost any type of massage or treatment.For anyone who has to complain about the actual massage therapists, I have this to say. You have to talk to your massage therapist before & while you're getting your massage. That's true for any place, not just this place. If the pressure is not what you want or if you feel uncomfortable with anything that the massage therapist does, say something. It's not a viable review if you're going to complain about something you didn't like when you had total control of the situation. That was always my problem with some of the chain massage places. I'd speak up and still get a bad massage. Sometimes I want relaxing and sometimes I want to be turned into pate. The LivingSocial deal was amazing (I bought like a kajillion!) and I'm really excited to try it out with one of the services I've never gotten before. My tip for The Retreat would be this: explain to the reservationist what type of massage treatment you'd like. Then TALK to the therapist when you get in the room.Oh, and another thing, these people are massage therapists. Licensed, trained and everything. They are good at what they do. They are not "massueses" and there is no sex in the champagne room.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2011,11/17/2011,175,190,1,10,8>I coerced Brit to take a hike from Brier Creek out to Cameron Village to go "check out a tea shop."  We had a tin of loose leaf tea from Hillbilly Tea out in Louisville, KY.  They don't sell the blend on line, so I wanted to find someone local to see if they could replicate the blend.  We walked into Tin Roof Teas and were instantly greeted with a quaint little shop.  Virtually hundreds of loose leaf tea bins are arrayed against the back wall and along one corner, a small fridge up front is filled with  local made chocolates, and the walls are lined with packaged blends.  Assorted tea paraphernalia are interspersed throughout the store, from electric kettles to tea storage containers, from tea cups to assorted steeping devices.  All items are quality made and have a decent price point. I started talking to Ryan Hinson the owner and resident "blendologist".  He examined my blend and took a sample and said he should be able to easily recreate the blend I brought in. I got in touch with him a few days later and I set up a time to pick up the recreated blend.  I had a chance to speak to Brooke about another blend for Brit and she and I discussed herbs and flavor profiles of other types of tea leaves.  Suffice it to say when I got home I tried their concoction and they did an outstanding job.  I'll definitely be back to get my tea from this local gem.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,11/16/2011,108,135,2,7,7>Well, it's official! I pretty much love Mosaic!The space itself is so well partitioned. There's a breezy patio to the left of the entrance where snazzy-looking young couples and the occasional group of hookah-puffers and be found lounging. Take note that train tracks run mere feet away from the patio, which, while giving the patio an exciting urban feel...well, just be prepared to cover your ears. The doormen have always been courteous and the servers / bartenders are funny and totally cool. After you enter down a long ramp, the dance floor opens up, filled with people shaking it to the global music flavor of the night. I've heard some Dizzee Rascal there as well as some sexy belly-dance style beats. They even have a bellydancer there some nights, so check their website to see what's happening.If you keep going back you'll run into the bar, a swank lounge and the restrooms. The decor is plush and perfectly lit for romance. If you turn left at the dance floor and go up some stairs there's an even more intimate and romantic room (it's even quiet enough to have a conversation in). Stuffed with pillows, it's the perfect place to take a break from the dance floor to check out the spot-lit art lining the walls.Mosaic also hosts a bi-annual music festival (Spring MusicFest and Fall MusicFest) that focuses on Global Beat DJs, House & Techno. If you're a fan of dancing, drinking and other delightful diversions Mosaic cannot be missed.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,11/15/2011,35,112,,7,6>I can't say anything about This N That as a customer, but as someone trying to get rid of excess stuff, they were wonderful.  I had a yard sale this weekend since I'm moving out of state to live with my fiancé, and I advertised the sale of Craigslist.  This N That e-mailed me to say they would drive over to my place to pick up anything that wasn't sold.  This sounded like a fine deal to me since I wasn't looking to make any money.1)  They were true to their word and took everything, saving me the work of dragging everything back inside and then carting it off to Goodwill.  If points 2 and 3 were some sort elaborate scam, getting rid of all my stuff was worth it to me.2)  Part of their sales proceeds go to AniMall, a local pet adoption agency, so my donation was tax deductible.  I hope they advertise this fact, because that's a great cause.3)  Even better- they participate in a program in which disadvantaged children send them wishlists of items, and if they find the item they'll send it their way.  When the lady came to pick up my stuff, her eyes lit up and she got really excited because I had a big purple colored pappasan chair that I had bought during my undergrad days.  Turns out one girl has had a pappasan chair on her wishlist for months!  She really REALLY wanted one, and I had just granted her wish.  Awesome!  If you're in a similar situation to me in which you have too much stuff (Two exercise balls? Five telephones?  Six frying pans?  More jewelry than any one woman needs?), then I would definitely recommend calling This N That.  I guess they're trying to build up their inventory since they're relatively new in the thrift store game, and were a pleasure to work with.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,11/14/2011,295,331,6,15,10>I do not have a single complaint about Buns, so let me tell you about all the things I love about this place.I'm entering my twentieth year as a vegetarian and this place, by far, has got the best goddamned veggie burger in the Triangle*.  I don't know what all's in there because, generally speaking, I cannot wait to wolf the thing down as soon as I get it in my greedy, greasy hands, but it's rice-based, I believe---as opposed to bean-based---and maybe has some oats in it.  And I'm fairly certain there are other vegetables in it, like carrots, etc.  I honestly don't know.  And it honestly doesn't matter, because it's amazeballs.I usually get mine with lettuce, tomato, red onion, pickles, ketchup, and chipotle mayo.  Occasionally I'll add gruyere or avocado brie.  OMG, yum.  I usually skip the fries---I adore baked fries, but fried fries are too much; it's too much!---but this last visit I ate about a half portion of sweet potato fries, and they are off-the-wall delicious.  The curry mustard is a must as your dipping side.  I've had the regular fries, too, and those are also quite fabulous.They've got Pepsi here.  Oh, sorry, I said I didn't have any complaints, so, uh, moving on ...They have bottles of beer, too!  $2 domestics / $2.50 imports / $3.50 craft brews.  Not too shabby!Great location just off Franklin Street, and the front window provides you with an excellent view of traffic, the bus stop, and the public parking lot just across N. Columbia St., so lots of people-watching opportunities!  I love to sit at the bar in front of the window to watch the cars narrowly miss rear-ending each other.  Excellent, friendly staff, too!*Errrrr, sorry, Only Burger.  Yours is also delish!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2010,10/7/2010,254,415,2,9,7>411 is a most excellent dining spot for someone that wants to go out, have all the perks of going to a place that totally breaks the bank, for the same price you'd pay if you went to [insert chain restaurant with mediocre food here].They have excellent, perfectly cooked food, a fabulous bar and a really knowledgeable staff. I don't really suggest you go there if you can't enjoy the hustle and bustle of a loud Italian restaurant, because it is loud, but I love that about it.Also, I don't know how long it's for, but Monday is half off bottle night, which can be a total treat!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2010,10/6/2010,152,347,9,11,7>I love you. You remind me of my favourite sushi restaurant back home. Actually, I'm pretty sure you know what im talking about and adapted to their menu.I'm a sushi fanatic. By fanatic, I mean I really need to go to rehab for it. I used to go to this sushi restaurant in Maryland every weekend, named Yuraku. The sushi's simply the BEST, the rolls are HUGE and OH SO YUMMMYYYYY!!!!! They serve some of the special rolls that Yuraku serves also! AWESOME!So, I was a little scared once I moved to NC because I thought I would be experiencing withdrawl symptoms. Watching celebrity rehab does not help either.I read about this place from yelp and it is right down the street from me. I thought, eh whattheheck. I was a little hesitant, because it didn't have the buy 1 get 1 free deal that almost all sushi restaurant have around here. LET ME TELL YOU. IT IS WORTH IT!!!!!The fish is fresh. The portion is huge. If you eat there, they give you complimentary appetizers and dessert. If you carry out, they give you a complimentary roll (deep fried, crab, salmon, creamcheese). I had the dirty old man and the triple tuna roll (PLUS the free roll). It was so big, I had to finish most of the dirty old man the next day. Believe me, I eat like a beast. I LOVE IT!!!!! I've gone there twice already and I just discovered it last wednesday!!!!! (It's Monday today)DO IT. GO!
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2010,10/5/2010,100,280,5,8,7>Ordered 3 smalls:  Apple w/ cheese, tomato lovers (w/ roasted garlic), and mushroom lovers.DELISH!!!  The poor guy sitting outside in the snow w/ only a sweatshirt was funny and personable, despite the fact I called like five times and refused to place my order until exactly 30 minutes before they closed.  He could've been a total ass about it, but he only poked some gentle fun.Thank you, Pop's Backdoor guy!
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2010,10/4/2010,51,70,3,6,5>I must have passed Second Empire thousands of times during random times in Raleigh, but never put two and two together that it was theee Second Empire. It looks like a B&B squashed between churches and your normal city parking/buildings. Once inside, though, it sure is purdy...and much bigger than it seems from the outside. We joined the Gates-Idems for dinner in the Tavern part of the restaurant. The menu was a cheaper in price than the regular dining room's, but still had very nice choices. They offered an assortment of drool-worthy breads that we demolished in seconds. I ordered a lovely chicken dish and sopped the last drop up with my 5th piece of bread. We ordered a white wine for the table, and it seemed to go very well with everyone's dishes. All in all, a fabulous experience. One note - make sure you put in your reservations, or you may get yelled at by the host.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2010,10/3/2010,17,76,2,5,5>Had the pleasure of dining and beverages here last night along with the company of some new great friends. Wonderful selection of beers and wines (they have Shiner Bock, if only in bottles!). Ability to sit outside and visit on a nice evening with a little Spanish influenced 3-5 piece band playing outside with us made for a lovely evening. Food: outstanding. Service: eh. (If I could do 3.5 I would because the service was pretty bad...)I had chicken nachos which, although the chips could have been a tad less salty, were wonderful. My husband had the Sticky Fingers. The skewered steak was seasoned and cooked perfectly and the spicy sauce served alongside was phenomenal (but be warned for those that don't like heat - this sauce was HOT!) Oh, and dogs allowed. I don't have a dog, but I love it when dogs are allowed. And, even though I live in Eastern Wake county, it will be worth the drive to visit often.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2010,10/2/2010,72,24,,6,6>Discovered this place a few weeks ago because of many yellow signs they had made up leading me back to their location, which has little frontage and was a bit like Brigadoon.  In fact, it would be extremely easy to drive by every day, and not even know Big City Bagels is there!  Upon stumbling upon Big City, I promptly looked them up on Yelp! and discovered that they offered a free cup o' coffee to yelpers - which was listed as a special.  Needless to say, this was enough to pull me through the door.Two things I noticed immediately upon entering (to enter required a bit of acrobatics on my part to access some stairs that had become blocked by someone sitting in their big SUV) :1) This place was EXTREMELY Clean.2) The Bagels were staring at me in small batches, beckoning me from just below the counter.Having just come from the Chiropractor, I was feeling a bit peckish.   I asked for my free Yelper's coffee and promptly ordered a plain bagel toasted with Veggie (homemade) Cream Cheese.  The bagel appeared on a plate a minute or two later exactly like I like them - shiny blisters creating a fresh first bite, with dense, hot, and softer interior.  Yum.  The fresh veggie cream cheese was loaded with carrots, onions, garlic, other goodness - and a generous schmear was served.  Perfect.In addition to the dozen or so bagel varieties (they don't overwhelm you with too many options) that appeared to be baked (boiled?) in small batches, Big City also offers Omelets, home fries, sandwiches (Cheesesteaks, etc.) and subs.  I have not been for lunch, but have taken home a 1/2 dozen bagels and 1/2 lb. cream cheese on three different occasions now - Big City has been consistent and did not disappoint at any visit.  The third time in, the owner treated me like a regular and remembered me and my preferences from previous visits.As a vegetarian, I spoke with the owner about adding some additional veggie options to the menu (She said others have asked as well and was investigating options) - and I am excited and hopeful to see what's to come.  4.5 stars and holding strong - as far as Bagels go in Raleigh - there are a LOT of places NOT to go (Think chains that also start with B)... Big City Bagels should be put on your short list of independently owned shops to patronize for these coveted Hot, Fresh, Hand-crafted carbs.  Look for updates from me on this one - I can feel a rating-change coming.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2010,10/1/2010,42,116,,7,5>Anyone that lives in this part of Cary knows about the sad little restaurants that have tried to make a go of it in this spot. And we have tried all of them. Finally, I think we have a winner. This place has had more customers on its slower days than the other places had on Friday and Saturday nights. It has a nice vibe and I would feel very comfortable just hanging out at the bar for a glass of wine by myself. The restaurant has an open feel with good lighting. The servers we have had have been very attentive and the owner and managers make a habit of stopping by tables and checking in on patrons.Ok-confession-I can't eat pizza anymore. I know, sad, sad, sad. I mourn pizza loss once a week. But the husband loves the deep dish pizza here. He craves it and goes nuts over it. I've enjoyed the gnocchi with eggplant, the chicken Marsala, the chicken piccata (sorry, I don't eat veal!), and a few of the daily seafood pasta specials. I've been pleased with all of my dishes. We recently had a grilled caesar salad (a daily special) that was delicious. They offer the typical Italian dishes and seem to focus on using local produce for their daily specials. Bocci is a solid restaurant that fills the need for a family friendly restaurant with a good menu and wine list in the Lochmere area.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2010,9/30/2010,70,246,2,11,4>Tasu is an Asian bistro in Brier Creek, but it's on the other side of Lumley Road near the Earth Fare store.  Since parking gets a bit hard to find around dinner time, I ended up parking a lot closer to Earth Fare than to Tasu.  The restaurant was extremely busy, but since the restaurant is divided into narrow sections, it didn't get too noisy or seem all that crowded.  We were seated in a corner in a small booth in the back corner of one of the rooms, so it was a very cozy arrangement.For starters we got the sampler platter, which had shrimp in a blanket, fried gyoza, crab rangoon, and spring rolls.  They were all very good, but I think I would have preferred a sweet and sour sauce instead of just soy sauce to go with the spring rolls and crab rangoon.  I don't know if this was an option.  Though the service was friendly and attentive, I always feel bad about asking for food or sides that aren't served with the dish.Tasu serves Japanese, Chinese and Thai, and all 3 of us there just happened to order 1 of each.  One of my colleagues got the General Tso's chicken.  He's ordered it many times before and was not disappointed.  The servings are really large enough for 2 people, and he wasn't able to finish it all.My husband got the Thai Curry with chicken.  When it came to the table the aroma was just the most delicious thing in the restaurant.  He liked it very much, and had enough left over that I got his leftovers the next day for lunch.  I think it was just as delicious the next day, the perfect level of spices and the perfect textures and flavors.I had asked the waitress if I could order a custom roll, or make modifications to an existing one, so I could get my special "Magie Rolls" which is yellowtail, cucumber, egg and avocado.  The waitress consulted with the sushi chef and let me know they could do it.  I also ordered the Blue Sea rolls, which had yellowtail, some other ingredients I can't remember, and seaweed on top.   My Magie Rolls were served up with some spicy mayo on top, but I didn't mind.  It seemed to go well with it.Despite the way they look in the picture, there are really 8 of each roll here, not 4 really long rolls of each.  They were just stacked closely together.  I was really happy with both sets of rolls.  The Blue Sea rolls I had to eat the seaweed separately because it would fall off if dipped in soy sauce, but was good otherwise.  My rolls were wonderful, I always like getting these 4 ingredients together in one roll.Everyone seemed really happy with the food here, and I have no complaints about the service.  I would definitely come here more often if it were closer to my house, and if the traffic around Brier Creek wasn't so nasty.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2010,9/29/2010,42,144,1,5,5>Ok, so this review is going to be a bit outdated and highly prejudiced. Growing up in Raleigh, this was the only Arabic grocery store around, and we lived there half the time. Back then all the patrons were Arabs, the family that owns the place did almost all the serving (I love them by the way, such nice people), and the store was less than half of its current size. It was also significantly less 'modern' looking, and the walls were white and a little dingy except for the one mural of Lebanese mountains that they've preserved in the remodeled restaurant. Back then, it was almost exclusively a grocery store and bakery. You could stop and eat there (and we did - a lot), but that seemed less important than the baked goods. Today, Neomonde to me seems much less inviting, much more commercialized, and my family and I all feel that even the quality of the bread seems to have dropped. Americans work the counter, and they're super busy at lunchtime. I'm glad for their success, but I really miss the way it used to be. But I still love you, Neomonde - we still drop by every now and then, and it's always nice to see one of the brothers who started the place so many years ago. Lovely people, lovely place.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2010,9/28/2010,230,281,3,8,10>A good music scene was a necessity when I was thinking about where to move to. The Cradle almost single-handedly fulfilled my requirement.Coming from Boston, I had high expectations for venues. They need to be small, worn, have a bar, and attract good indie rock tours. This is the kind of venue that keeps good music alive and everyone in the Triangle needs to check their schedule regularly. Check out the bands you don't know, because you might be amazed at the talent that comes to Carrboro.Sure, the bathroom is dirty and the bar is cash-only. But, it's all part of the atmosphere. If you don't like it, then you probably should just continue paying for $50 tickets at the DPAC and the RBC Center, where you have overpriced food and your own seat.This place is where the real rock is.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,4/20/2014,67,177,,5,5>I was pretty excited to try out Zinburger after waiting so long for it to open. The inside was nothing like I would have imagined. It was crazy packed, and there are so many tables really close together (a little too close). The walls are also hilarious... I kind of don't want to give it away because I loved being surprised.  Our server was very knowledgable with his wine, but I was a little disappointed he didn't know the wine the restaurant was out of before the fiancé and I got pumped one the one that was not available.I know this is a burger and wine joint, and those are definitely two things I love, but I do think it's a tad pricey, especially since you have to purchase any sides separately from the burgers. But that's okay sometimes because I really did enjoy the food. It was delicious. I had the Zinburger, which was cooked how I wanted and had a lot of flavor. The zucchini fries are also sooo good, and the house-made ranch was even better. Again, $6 is a more than I think the price point should be, but on occasion, I'll be okay with spending that much.... especially if I go back on the specials nights. I think it was $5 plain burgers on Thursday.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,4/19/2014,68,214,2,7,3>I have eaten at Second Empire on five different occasions on everything from celebration dinners to restaurant week so I now feel fully qualified to rate it. We had our most recent dinner here to celebrate a big work accomplishment and I was thrilled with my BF surprised me with this reservation.This dinner was a big blow out with cocktails (try the Pear Martini, creamy deliciousness- more of a dessert martini actually), three types of cheeses, a shrimp appetizer, steak and pork entrées, and the chocolate bread pudding, all paired with wine and a liquor coffee drink at the end with amazing whip cream.  (Yes, we ate all of it. Can you say...party on my hips?) You will get great consistency at Second Empire, from the food, to the atmosphere, to the service. It's a wonderful place to have a romantic date night, be a foodie for the night, or celebrate something special. I can't say that it consistently earns a 5/5...maybe the atmosphere leaves a little something to be desired- but overall I am a big fan of the ole Empire and consider it a Raleigh staple.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,4/18/2014,36,110,2,6,5>Recently I have discovered that all of my favorite beers were from other states (Virginia and Florida). With me being so North Carolina proud I decided that I had to fix this situation so I have set out on a Triangle Brewery Tour throughout the rest of the summer to discover some new favorites. If the rest of the tour goes as well as my first stop I am in for a great summer.Now I currently live in Raleigh, but my sister had brought to my attention some of the more interesting choices that Fullsteam offered, and because of that I figured it would be a good first choice. Getting there was not hard at all, plus anytime I get to drive past the old Durham Bulls park I consider it a plus (still love that place). Parking was easy on this day, but I could imagine it might be a problem on busier days, especially if they closed the street like they sometimes do. I kept wanting to give Fullsteam a 4 star review, but every time I "found" a problem with it I found a solution that was so much better. For example: I was kind of bummed that they did not have any food on site, oh what's that, they have food trucks. They didn't have A/C, who cares, they have ping pong as well as other cool games. They had a limited selection of beers available in growlers, no worries, there are Fullsteam growlers for sale at Beer Revolution right around the corner from where I work.I love what Fullsteam is doing with trying to keep as much as possible in the state of NC. Sure some things that do might seem a bit hippieish but who cares, their beer taste great. My top two winners are the Working Man's Lunch (seriously a beer based off of Moonpie and RC Cola) and the Cackalacky Ginger Pale Ale (and it is a real Ginger taste, like Northern Neck Ginger Ale not Canada Dry Ginger Ale)
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,4/17/2014,401,126,6,13,6>Looking for a fun, inexpensive way to shed a few winter hibernation pounds? Try the Pullen Park Pool. It's open year round with plenty of convenient times to swim. You don't even have to know how to swim since you can stay in shallow water with your feet on the ground and even signal the lifeguard if needed. There are also plenty of swimming accessories like kick-boards available for your use. The Olympic-sized pool (temp = 83 degrees F) is split into two separate areas for competition or lessons, and lap swimming. There is an additional, smaller therapy pool which is kept at 89 degrees F. No membership fee. You can pay per visit, or buy a monthly or annual pass. Another option is to buy a 15-visit punch pass which is valid for one year. Check out the rates here:raleighnc.gov/arts/conte…Your swimsuit may be disappointed to find that it can't go for a post-swim ride in a spin-dryer which you won't find in the locker room. No worries, it will still love you for jumping into the tropical Pullen Pool water.You won't even miss a hand-held hair dryer if you bring your own. However, there are plenty of hand dryers positioned high enough for use as dual-duty hair dryers. They'll do the trick if you just want to avoid frozen hair when you step outside. Pretty sure you don't have to worry about that in Raleigh, even in the dead of winter.It's not a spa, it's a community pool and is a great benefit to local residents. As such, it rates a solid 4+ stars for value. Go ahead, get your swim on.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,4/16/2014,73,177,1,7,3>So glad this gem is only .5 miles away from me!!! It's truly life saving.The vegetables are really fresh, and the store has such and EXTENSIVE collection of everything. It looks like a tiny store from the outside, but it is actually huge and just goes on forever and ever.My favorite is the HUGE (i'd say about 1.5 footlong) aloe vera stalks they sell, because I am huge on aloe vera, and I was afraid that I wouldn't be able to get any here due to circumstances.I also feel that their packaged snacks are a lot more fresh--I've purchased extremely stale biscuits and snacks from other indian stores, but that isn't the case with ATW.They also have a great point system--you earn points every time you shop and can exchange the points for really useful items/food.The people are friendly, and you can get anything from steel cups to dry daal, and even desi soda like Thums up! I feel right at home :)
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,4/15/2014,29,143,1,7,2>Service 5 stars, food 4 stars, margarita 2 stars. We had heard good things about Gonzo but just assumed it was your typical Mexican restaurant...quick, cheap, and good. When we walked in I realized it wasn't this, it was "upscale" Mexican. Love the atmosphere inside. The menu is pretty small, especially for Mexican (2 pages). About 10 types of tacos, 3 burritos,  2  or 3 Colombian dishes, and about 4 Mexican comfort dishes, along with some apps, salad and soups. They have a very nice selection of tequila as well. Our waitress came over promptly and asked us if we have ever dined here before, and we said no. She then went on to explain the entire menu in depth. This was extremely helpful. She asked us if we wanted to start with chips and queso or chips and guacamole (each $5), and I was under the assumption that this meant we did not get free chips and salsa, so we went with the queso. However, as soon as she left, someone brought over chips and salsa. I kind of felt duped by this. I wouldn't have ordered the $5 queso if I knew I was getting salsa for free. Seemed like one of those things the manager told the wait staff to do to try and upsell. I know $5 isn't a lot, but this also isn't cheap mexican ($12 average for your meal). I went  with the Mexican Flag, which was one steak, one chicken, and one bean rolled in a corn tortilla, each with a different sauce - cream, tomatillo, and spicy cheese. I also ordered a Hibiscus margarita.  Jeff got the chicken tacos with a side of refried beans. The chips, salsa and queso were good. My margarita was not good. It wasn't BAD, but I was very disappointed. It came in a small rocks glass (I think it cost $7), and the Hibiscus flavor totally overpowered any margarita flavor (sour and tequila). Our food came out very fast, and the presentation was beautiful. Jeff's tacos came on small flour tortilla rounds, and were loaded with fresh ingredients. i liked this method, as the small tortilla really allowed for the chicken and other ingredients to shine. My meal was awesome. I did not love the green sauce (tomatillo), but I don't love this normally, so I wasn't surprised. The cream and the spicy cheese sauces were to die for. The cream was rich and worked well with the beans, and the spicy cheese worked perfectly with the steak. I loved how everything had a very distinct taste, unlike some Mexican you get where it all kind of tastes the same. Our server was very attentive, and again, extremely knowledgeable. I can't wait to go back to try more of the food. I will just stick with a beer the go at it.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,4/14/2014,152,347,4,16,6>I was so excited when I heard a actually good Cantonese restaurant has opened in the triangle. It did not take me long to go try it out. Being from canton and spending most of the U.S days in Maryland, it was really hard to rate what we had in the triangle as good canto food. Now, I can finally say that we have a Cantonese food restaurant in the neighborhood folks!We came here for an early weekend lunch. We ordered the Peking duck, sautéed pea tips, a whole steamed fish. Peking duck isn't Cantonese, and it is very difficult to make good Peking duck. Their Peking duck came in two dishes. One with wraps, and one sautéed dish. The "wraps" course was served with the steamed bun bread, not the actual wraps you get in Beijing. I am not complaining though because it was delicious. It was mostly crispy skin that they sliced up for that course. The second course was a very simple sautéed duck dish with bean sprouts. The pea tips were perfect. The right amt of salt, garlic and not too oily. Some restaurants' sautéed vegetables end up being soaked in a big puddle of oil. Not here. The steamed fish is not on the menu. You have to ask for it, and it is in very limited quantity. They buy the live fish from Grand Asia the day of. The fish we got was huge, I am not sure if they price it by the pound because ours came out to $18.99. Besides the fact that it could have used some more ginger, the sweet soy sauce with the scallions and garlic was perfect. We killed it. Not only the food was fantastic, the service was impeccable. Like Asian mom food service. One of the greatest thing about having an Asian mom is the food. Now what are you waiting for?!
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,4/13/2014,75,120,3,8,5>Did I really not yet write a review for Lilly's??This is hands down the best pizza place I have ever been to. The flavor combos on their specialty pizzas (the vegetarian ones) are perfectly made for my taste buds. Even their crust is soft and chewy and good enough that I don't mind eating it. Basically, I love Lilly's Pizza, and I just don't come here enough. (Wish they had friendlier workers though...)
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2013,4/12/2014,12,33,5,9,3>I came here earlier today for lunch with some coworkers and was pleasantly surprised. After going though the menu, I instantly knew I was getting the goat curry. Until I read some of the reviews after I came here, I realized that this was apparently a favorite amongst the yelpers. The goat curry was awesome. Super tender and I was able to simply suck it off the bone. I also had to get a jerk patty. I love Caribbean patties so I had to try one. They were out of spicy beef, which made my decision easy because I was torn between jerk and beef. The jerk chicken patty was delicious as well. Be careful though, they are HOT. I am definitely coming back here, to try the other patties and perhaps the other dishes as well, I just don't know if I can not do goat curry, I guess we shall see.Cheers.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,4/11/2014,40,97,,5,3>One of the best performing arts venues anywhere. I feel lucky to live in the Triangle every time I walk in. The decor is modern yet feels like a theater - kind of like a winning architectural project where they asked the designer to update the Classic Theater look for the new century, with lots of glass walled city views, red carpet that you, too, can walk on, but Starbucks coffee bar for intermission (and it's pay first, pour-your-own so that the line moves fast - brilliant!!)I've been to ZZ Top, a standup comedy performance, Flashdance, and The Grinch here, and all types of show look and sound great. Seats are comfortable enough, there are cupholders for your beverage (clearly coffee), and the staff are superb. The bathrooms are also excellent - high-capacity, bright, and make you feel elegant as you anticipate stepping back onto that red carpet when you step out.Go, go, go to a show at the DPAC!
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,9/7/2014,50,100,3,3,5>Wow step aside Ben & Jerry's. What is not to like great ice cream great flavors and of course being greeted by r2d2 as you enter. I really loved that the ingredients were from local farms as well as the rather whimsical names they give to their flavors. Instead of saying rum raisin they say wom waisin it just makes one smile. Add to that for the topping you have a very energetically happy person to serve you your wonderful treat. Finally a place that makes their own waffle cones hits the top of my list. The cones were just right in both texture as well as flavor. The only down side is the location affords a bit of a challenge to get in and out. Not to mention the building is slightly dated. If one can look past these two thing they are surely in for a great treat. And who knows if Lumpy's is a success we may see a better location in the near future.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,9/6/2014,85,151,2,5,5>Out of all the places that boast of all natural flavors and craft burgers, this is by far the best place with the worst location.  I did the build your own burger and added sweet potato fries and a drink.  It is a little pricey, but not something I'm not used to when I want to go to these fancy burger joints.The food is really good here and always made fresh.  However, if you don't know where this place is (which I'm sure you don't) then you are missing out.  So if you find yourself over by Southpointe go across the street to where the Auldi is and pick up a burger.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,9/5/2014,90,125,1,8,5>Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day and I was so completely satisfied and happy leaving Rise.The blueberry cake donut is the perfect donut option if you're looking for something that's not too sweet. The cronut of the day had raspberry filling inside and was a bit sweet and overwhelming in flavor for breakfast, but great nonetheless. I've never had a cronut from NYC (where I heard they run out in the first 3 hours), but I can imagine that it's a great morning treat based on Rise's.For the main portion: country fried egg and ham biscuit. It was one of the best breakfast biscuits I've had--mostly because the biscuit alone was DELICIOUS. I would go back just to eat a pure biscuit.The only beef I have about this place is the 50 cents for a cup of water... but because their biscuits are so good, Rise has earned the five stars that it so frequently receives.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,9/4/2014,3,25,3,8,3>We came in for a Sunday lunch and were pleasantly surprised in both the renovations which have completely transformed the look and feel into a modernized old-world southern eatery, and by the professionalism and politeness of the staff (Nina waited on us). We weren't too sure what to expect as far as the food goes. If you read the menu you'll see it sounds rather interesting, technical, and adventurous - but hey we'll give anything a shot. And then this review gets even better. The burger topped w pork n pimento had so much flavor pop, perfect seasoning, tender house ground beef cooked perfectly rare (guessing organic grass fed according to my trained burger tastebuds) and served on a wooded cutting board vs a boring plate. Wow. It's in my burger too 10 for sure. We also had the beef brisket and a side of Mac n cheese also served up on a wooden board (Mac n cheese in its own covered pot) which was tender, flavorful (but came out cold - but I'm being forgiving for that). The brisket was fork tender and shredded apart nicely. We are looking forward to trying out everything else on the menu. Rumor has it this kitchen has been created by former Paparazzi Chef Nunzio. The only obvious thing here is whoever created the kitchen and menu is very well trained and prepared to become the next popular eatery at Lafayette. Well done.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,9/3/2014,26,330,1,3,6>If you like soda, particularly old timey hard to find soda pop, this is the place!  Tucked into a little strip mall where the Big Lots is, this place is like a step back to my childhood when having a bottle cap collection was one of my favorite pastimes.The 250 plus sodas are separated in coolers by flavors and the root beers have their own cooler - natch!  If you can't find a flavor to suit you then there aren't any that will.  Some of my favorites they stock from way back when are Green River (a Limey concoction) Kick-A-Poo Joy Juice (think Mtn Dew), Dad's Root Beer, and several flavors of Nehi & Fanta.  Heaven!  You can even fill up a carton and take home any flavors you like.  Sweet!Lots of burgers, hot dogs and more to munch on while downing all the soda too!  I had the BBQ Soda Dog, which is a bacon-wrapped Nathan's hot dog with A&W Root Beer BBQ Sauce, Grilled Onions, and Cheddar Cheese. Delish!  I also had a giant pickle on the side that came in a little paper bag with a cute cuke logo.  My dining partner had a burger that looked great, but she thought the meat didn't have much flavor.  I tried a bite and unfortunately had to agree.  She also had the house-made Buttermilk Coleslaw, which honestly didn't taste much better than KFC's.  I decided I'd just stick to the hot dogs on my next visit.All kinds of soda decorations everywhere, including a soda bottle soap dispenser in the bathroom.  Even the stools at the "bar" look like they're topped with bottle caps!We happened in on a Saturday and ordered our food just before the rush hit and it stayed steady till we left.  Super efficient friendly employees.  Of course, it is a great place to bring kids, but some got pretty unruly.  Guess it's all the sugar in the soda!!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,9/2/2014,36,57,2,7,6>I searched Yelp with my sister for a restaurant to check out in the area with our dad for dinner. We picked Glenwood Grill based on the Yelp reviews and menu items (I love seafood!) and we definitely didn't regret it! I didn't read the reviews in depth so I didn't realize it was located in a strip mall but although that was a bit discouraging, our anxiety was put at ease once we were inside. We were greeted and asked if we made a reservation and told that they were busy so there'd be a wait. Luckily, after a few minutes at the bar, a reservation was a no-show so we had a table within 5 minutes! Yay!The restaurant itself is small so it makes sense they rely on reservation, the bar was tucked away in the corner with a TV. It's nice that there's a slight wall partition between the bar and dining area though. This place is a great restaurant for a date or with family. The decor and candles everywhere give it a nice romantic and intimate vibe. The lighting is dim which is nice to keep the mood set although it does get loud. The service was very hands off and laid back which is fine with me since they checked in on the food and if we needed more drinks. Onto the food! We started off with a half order of crab cakes as an appetizer. It was $10 for one large crab cake on creamed corn with a side of an arugula salad with bleu cheese, pecans and granny smith apples. I was a bit sad the crab cakes aren't good on their own, but with the creamed corn they're delicious! The arugula salad was good and the apples were a nice touch. Although it was small, it was a good starter for the three of us since they also gave us bread rolls and butter before the meal. I ordered the seafood and grits (has scallops and shrimp--my favorites!) and was pleasantly surprised by how delicious it was! Mainly because when it came out, it looked like there was too much sauce in the dish (see my picture). However, it complimented the grits and seafood and vegetables VERY well. The added gorgonzola was a very nice touch. The scallops were nicely cooked but the shrimp was only okay, still good but a bit bland for me. The vegetables and bacon were a nice addition as well; definitely a lot of flavors! I would definitely recommend this dish and will order it again!My dad ordered the Carpet-Bagger and literally licked the plate clean... I think that says enough about it. I'll probably order that nice time although I'm not a huge fan of oysters, but they're fried so it'll be tasty, right? My sister ordered the Flat Iron Steak and said it was good but wasn't as into the parmesan potatoes. Overall, I will definitely go back to this restaurant (with a reservation). The seafood is from the outer banks (NC local, yay) and the food is delicious and decadent.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,9/1/2014,21,132,2,8,7>I absolutely LOVE this place and have loved the food and experience both times that I came here (first time back in February with my husband and last night with my friend).  I love Spanish food and this was definitely on par with the food that I had in Spain.  I would even say it's better than my favorite Spanish restaurant in San Francisco!   It's rare to find such an authentic, good, non-chain restaurant in the Raleigh area.  I will DEFINITELY be coming back.  Great for a date or evening with good friends. Food that I've tried:1. Pan de queso -- ABSOLUTELY delicious.  You have to try this for an appetizer.  Piping hot and it's gluten-free2. Soup of the day - last night we had the tortilla soup with goat cheese.  Yum.3. Paella Valencia - Was able to order it to be made without shrimp since I am allergic to shellfish.  I love this dish and it definitely reminds me of paella that I had in Barcelona.4. Fruta al ajillo - we had the plum with goat cheese on top and was very pleasantly surprised.  (*This was one that he strongly recommended to us, and we savored every last bite.)5. Crema catalana - One of my favorite desserts6. Chocolates - Instantly melts in your mouth, then somewhere in the middle you get the slight kick from the hot pepper, and finally the roasted almond is leftover. Wow, what a great home-made dessert! 7. Wine - Have not been disappointed with the white wine that the owner recommended both times. He asked what type of wine that we typically liked, and provided his suggestion.  I always appreciate a waiter / staff who has an opinion. Definitely order an entire bottle since in European / Spanish cultures, the going out to dinner with your significant other or friends is "THE evening activity."  You aren't rushed to finish dinner so they can turn over your table. It's actually considered rude in European cultures to do that...so consider yourself lucky that you can get a taste of a culture with an evening here!   I've studied abroad in Europe, traveled to Spain several times, lived in San Francisco and Chicago and really love mom-and-pop authentic, ethnic restaurants. After moving to Raleigh, I don't eat out as much since the restaurants here are just nothing compared to what I'm used to.  So, it makes me sad to read through some of the negative reviews here, especially since I really want to see this place succeed.  It's such a rare find to have a cook / owner who is so passionate about his food and delivers such amazing dishes and experience.  Ambiance of the house / restaurant is cute and love that they have a small parking lot so we didn't have to deal with finding street parking.If you want a fast food /chain-like experience, are not willing to try new foods, and only eat dinner to rush off to go drinking elsewhere, then by all means skip it. But if you appreciate good, AUTHENTIC Spanish food, are willing to take suggestions from the owner who can spout out the food and ingredients with such passion that you're willing to try anything he says is delicious and authentic, then definitely try this place!!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,8/31/2014,23,132,7,17,6>Sometimes you have to take a chance and step into a world perhaps you know nothing about. I have to admit that I know nothing about Indian culture or food. I decided to create an Indian dish from scratch. This is when I had to find a good Indian market. Around the World Market seems like its on the other side of the world between Raleigh and Cary. Plenty of parking and more parking around back. Very friendly staff. The store takes a while to find what you are looking for. But ask any employee and they will be willing to help. In fact, one employee gave me recipe improvements. (the dish turned out perfect). Prices are very reasonable. In fact, a quick price comparison was much better than Whole Foods - and better variety if you are looking exclusively for Indian products. Don't expect "muzak" over the loudspeaker. I had no idea what was playing, but enjoyable and perhaps educational in sound. I felt like i was overseas already. The store is very clean and the vegetable section is good quality and fresh. If you don't plan on cooking anything, please check out the chips and sweets section. Its worth looking at and perhaps trying.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,8/30/2014,77,189,1,7,5>I've been here a few times and while the food has been good each time, the service can be a little hit or miss. We went for lunch during the week once and it took forever plus at least one of our orders wasn't right. That was balanced out, though, by getting a free refill on our noodles the next time we were there. I've only had the Pho, but it is very good. I like that they offer it in different sizes.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,8/29/2014,152,347,4,7,9>WOW this place is amazing. I came here during a post-brunch walk with a friend and I must say this is the coolest shop in downtown cary! Everything in there prompted a oohh!! or aaahh!! from the both of us. Everything is put together so well, and there are really unique seating in the coffee shop. I had their caffe au lait, and my friend had their salted caramel hot chocolate. Both were delicious. Their co-working concept is also very cool and they host a lot of very interesting classes. I am glad that we have this in downtown Cary!If you want to experience a pinterest board in real life, this is a must visit.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,9/3/2012,238,80,4,4,5>A little oasis hidden just behind the Duke hospital complex.  That's how I'd best describe Duke Gardens.  Garden lined paths, water displays, terraced displays... it has it all.  There's also a large bowl shaped field area that is perfect for tossing a blanket down and enjoying a beautiful day.I think Spring shows it off at it's most beautiful, especially the tulips, but it is well worth a visit at anytime of the year.  The park is free and open daily, but parking is via a pay lot near the visitors center.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2012,9/2/2012,346,337,1,15,4>Upscale Tapas Lounge On GlenwoodVisit: June 7R-Line Stop: R5It was a lovely evening last night perfect for dining al fresco. We decided to see if Krave was open and were delighted to find that they were indeed open for business. I love sparkling, shiny things and I have to say the modern crystal chandelier in the foyer is absolutely gorgeous and is just a portent of the marvelous interior. Krave has an upscale, classy décor with black leather seats, lots of shiny chrome, beautiful lighting, and water features on the walls. My husband, Andy, commented that he would like one of those sleek, streaming waterfalls on a wall in our home. Oh yes! The friendly hostess walked us through the restaurant to bring us to a tiny table on the covered outdoor patio. Walking us to a separate entrance to the patio instead of through the main entrance/exit of the restaurant is a very smart idea...1.) we had a quick preview of the restaurant and 2.) it helped with the flow of traffic which will be very beneficial on a busy night. We were given paper menus which I was surprised about because I previously read that Krave was going to offer their menu on iPads. Hmm. Brett, our server, asked if we had any questions and I asked for more info on the Ahi Tuna Duo. She offered to show me a photo on the iPad she had tucked under her arm. I asked her about what I read and she said that the wait staff would have the iPads to help customers but the iPads would not be left at the tables. She also mentioned that they are setting it up so they will be able to process your credit card with the iPad. Aaah, the conveniences of technology! Well, we all know a picture is worth a thousand words. I liked what I saw and ordered the tuna small plate. I also was excited about trying one of their flavored mojitos. I picked the Blood Orange Ginger mojito. Andy ordered a glass of wine: sauvignon blanc from Loire Valley. Krave offers a short list of wines by the glass but the choices looked relatively good. He ordered the Caprese Salad and the Greek Flatbread.The Blood Orange Ginger mojito was perfect...not sweet, a little tart from the lime and a splash of blood orange juice. There was a subtle hint of ginger. It was obvious the mint was actually muddled because the leaves had the shredded look resulting from a little elbow grease and a muddler. Very refreshing! I dislike weak mixed drinks and I'm happy to report that a decent quantity of rum was added...it wasn't strong but it wasn't weak either. Andy's French sauv blanc was really good too...bright, crisp, light citrus notes, which actually paired very well with my tuna. I was very pleased with the Ahi Tuna Duo. Thin tuna slices encrusted with sesame and pepper were lightly seared and drizzled with a white sauce and a brown sauce that were delicious. The tuna was so tender and melted in my mouth. The seared tuna was on a bed of fresh spinach and not flatbread as described in the menu. There was ginger marinated tuna tar tar, which was tasty but I didn't detect any ginger flavor. The duo was also served with small seaweed salad that tasted great with the seared tuna. Andy enjoyed the Caprese salad. He shared with me that the mozzarella was very creamy and the balsamic drizzle was slightly sweet with a nice tangy zing. He said the tomatoes were not quite ripe and would be better in the height of tomato season. I was still had room for something else and was contemplating ordering another small plate but Andy's flatbread was served and it was huge. The flatbread had a thin, crispy crust with a little tomato sauce topped with roasted red and green peppers, feta, kalamata olives, and deli thin sliced pieces of chicken. When I first saw the thin slices of chicken, I expected the chicken to be dried out but it wasn't. Yeah! A very yummy pizza. Since the portion was quite large, we ended up bringing a little bit home. Brett provided prompt and friendly service. The mojito, wine, and food were delicious. I look forward to future visits.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,9/1/2012,31,312,,4,3>Love Dain's! I come here once a week on average for trivia, but may bump up that average because of Saturday's brunch... Have two friends who religiously go to Dain's multiple times a week and they invited me to the Saturday morning special. I was blown away! The whole menu looks amazing, but we only got to try three things. I got the yummy sandwich...there is no better word to describe it! Butter toasted sourdough hugging prosciutto, fig jam, goat cheese and arugula. Perfect blends of salty and sweet! One of my friends got the cake doughnut french toast with chocolate syrup and poached pears, also fantastic! The other friend got the breakfast burger II, and normally I don't like hamburgers, but this one was open faced on a homemade sweet potato roll with cheese and bacon. Mmm.....The servers are awesome, the beer selection great, the best (extra crispy tots), and now amazing breakfast to boot. Where will Dain's awesomeness end?!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,8/31/2012,66,61,1,8,4>My new favorite lunch find in the Chapel Hill area! I'm stunned that I had no idea this sister-to-the-original existed until a few short days ago.Hidden on the bottom floor of the Europa Center (across from the Sheraton off 15-501), Crook's Cafe definitely caters to the weekday business professional crowd from the building. It's a total gem. Order at the counter, sit down with your number, and wait for delicious small-portion favorites from Crook's to arrive at your table.On a beautiful Carolina spring day - you can even sit outside at one of the tables, next to the fountain. It's definitely a professional environment - but makes for a lovely weekday lunch break. The menu offers most of the highlights from the Crook's menu - hoppin' john, jalepeno-cheddar hushpuppies, shrimp and grits, and the Carolina sampler. They also have a host of make-your-own-sandwich options, salads, and other goodies. Oh, by the way, they serve breakfast too.I got the hoppin' john with a fried egg and biscuit - with hushpuppies to start. Both were every bit as good (maybe better...is that possible?!) as I've eaten at the Franklin Street fave.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,8/30/2012,12,337,,7,5>The wife thought I had lost my mind when I suggested a drive from Durham to Apex for dinner when we picked our grandson up from a visit to his cousins in Cary; but, "mamma mia"....this was a religious experience....a "field trip with PaPa, says my grandson"  We had a Sicilian neighbor for 18 years who was an amazing cook; we lived in Boston, Dallas, Tampa Bay, and Virginia; visited or worked in LA, San Fran, DC, and NYC; traveled Europe, the orient & Australia....and this was the best Italian dinner I've EVER had at a restaurant outside Boston's North End.  The salads were crisp; the bread was heavenly; the sausage & penne was excellent; the cannoli was one of the better you can get anywhere; but, the eggplant Parmigiana was the best I've ever had from a restaurant.  Will we be back?  We might have to move in permanently! You folks who Yelped this place deserve adoration & thanks....you led me here!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,8/29/2012,11,54,1,7,7>Brie, camembert, roast beef, oh my!  In short, Reliable Cheese is reliably awesome! I've been here QUITE a few times after my very recent discovery of this awesome shop. They have a great selection of cheeses and meats, and their sandwiches are superb for that quick lunch-to-go.  My favorite sandwiches are the roast beef, salami, and country ham.  They also have a great pate sandwich that isn't on the menu, but they usually have the stuff to make it.  Mmmm, I'm getting hungry just writing this review!Reliable Cheese also makes cheese plates and party platters.  While I've never ordered one myself, I've seen them, and they look fantastic.  Heck, I'd have a party just as an excuse to order one.Also, for that quick dessert, don't forget to pick up a Locopop or two (or three).
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,8/28/2012,61,185,,5,4>What's not to love about an über huge movie screen, a booming sound system, and a location right in the heart of downtown Raleigh?! They have an extremely convenient website where you can buy tickets in advance and see if shows are already sold out. I highly recommend this when seeing mainstream movies. I saw The Dark Knight Rises recently and did just that. I also recommend getting there early (as expected for an IMAX) because watching a movie from the front row is pointless. Seat location is law here! Just like any IMAX. I fell prey to this once and every time a character walked, I felt like I was getting stepped on, lol!There is a parking garage right next to Marbles, so parking is pretty easy actually. I personally think this IMAX beats the one in Cary Crossroads. Seems like a larger screen, BETTER sound system, and better seat arrangement. It doesn't hurt too that Marbles is WAY closer to my house. They have a pretty decent snack stand inside. Not as much options as a normal theatre, but it does the trick. The Power Pass is awesome for hardcore movie goers. I didn't get it this year for some odd reason, but will next year. It's best when they play a number of the big mainstream movies throughout the year. It actually can pay for itself in the long run. So enjoy!!!
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,8/27/2012,290,175,2,5,4>I'm kind of in love with this place. It's simple and straightforward:1. Food is yummy. - The fried green tomatoes and sweet potato soup were yummy in my tummy. the wings are also pretty decent.2. Good selection of brews - well, at least they had a selection that i like! they also have some pretty good cocktails on their menu.3. Location - i love me some downtown durham! and there are some other nice things nearby, like motorco and full steam, etc. but my favorite thing about this place is the patio! my dogs love it too :D
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,8/26/2012,59,219,3,9,4>A great local resource that we frequently bike/walk to with our dog and lil' toddler in tow! It's super conveniently located across Estes from U-mall and the USPS and has great access to adjoining trails. This is definitely a 4.75 star review with a few small nit picky points which just builds upon what others have already mentioned....Pros:+ Convenient access and centrally located for those just north of/near UNC and Coker Hills.+ Large playground that doesn't seem to get too crowded most days of the week and but when it does, it can be a chore to score a coveted infant baby swing.+ A humongous hill that seems to be perfect for bigger kids to roll down+ Awesome access to Bolin Creek (takes you up to MLK near Foster's and Flyleaf) and Battle Branch Trails (takes you right up to UNC).+ Plenty of community programs and activities including a small but useful climbing gym on select nights.+ A small swimming pool with lanes (for better swimming options, look into the Homestead Aquatic Center).Cons:- Can be a bit crowded on weekends.- Parking can be a mess as well when it gets crowded.- Bathrooms are a bit unclean and can be missing some TP!- Be prepared to deal with some sassy kids (& their parents) on the playground sometimes.Tips:+ If you're interested in using the climbing gym, but aren't sure you want to commit for months at a time, get a punch pass.+ If you sign up/pay for activities and you're a CH resident, don't forget to mention it so you get the resident pricing.+ Check out the board at the front for the monthly schedule.+ Free wifi courtesy of the Town of Chapel Hill, but it's a bit dodgy and slow as all heck.+ If you can bike here, do so - you'll save yourself the hassle of having to maneuver around in the crowded parking lot.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,8/25/2012,152,421,,5,1>Legit NY style pizza! I was in today and had the 2 slice combo deal - 1 with mushroom, 1 with extra cheese. Huge slices but the crust is thin and meant for folding. Don't try to overload your pizza with toppings - keep it simple. Staff were friendly and kept things moving along smoothly. Nice neighborhood spot. Parking in the back.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2010,8/13/2011,17,83,,5,4>Raleigh is very fortunate to have a tea shop of this quality.  In fact, there look to be only 5 TeaGschwendner stores in the U.S. (according to their website).It's a very mellow/relaxed place. They typically have two different teas to sample (usually one hot and one iced).  TG offers a phenomenal selection of  different teas available to suit any palate.  I saw a sign in the tea shop today that they will ship to anywhere in NC for $5.They also offer a great selection of tea accessories if you are just getting started or if you're looking to add to your collection.The staff is very friendly and patient. You won't be hassled so feel free to take your time, browse, and enjoy.   Definitely check this place out.For those new to drinking loose leaf teas:A few words of caution to prepare those of you who might be new to loose leaf teas: There is a bit of a cost of entry if you are looking to get into the habit. Although you can get by with an $8 infuser and your favorite coffee mug, you'll see that you can go crazy with your new hobby and it can get quite expensive.  It doesn't have to be, but there's a lot of cool stuff out there.Also expect to pay about $7 to$9 (and it can go much higher... think wine) for 100 grams / 4 ounces of tea.  Don't fret at the appearance that it's going to cost you more than your coffee habit.  It only takes 1 teaspoon (typically) per cup of tea. So you'll get about 20-22 cups of tea for that price.Make sure and read and observe the instructions on preparing your tea.  The water temperature and the amount of time you steep can _really_ affect your cup of tea.  For example, going more than 1 minute on green teas (steep time) or using boiling hot water (vs. cooled) will leave you with some really nasty tasting stuff!  Luckily the TG packaging on the tea does a great job of explaining things in detail and I'm sure the staff will be more than happy to help you out!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2010,8/12/2011,45,521,7,18,7>I'd normally knock at least one star off a restaurant's rating for not taking credit cards, and I'd knock one more star off for having one of those privately owned ATM machines in the lobby (the ones with the exorbitant fee). But in the case of Pam's Farm House, it's just part of the charm.You see, Pam's is the kind of place where high-dollar executives and blue-collar workers can rub shoulders over plates of some of the best southern cooking you could ever hope to find. The decor is straight out of your crazy Aunt Millie's kitchen (you know - the one that hasn't decorated since 1974), and the menu is so charmingly down-home that all concerns about caloric intake and cholesterol vaporize instantly.Fare at Pam's is entirely down-home. My favorite is the hamburger steak with onion gravy (and what other restaurant could even get away with having that on the menu?).Pam's gets 5 stars because it does perfectly what it sets out to do; plate fulls of hearty, down-home fare that'll stick to your bones and put meat on your ribs.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,8/11/2011,26,102,3,9,6>All hail to the Queen of Sheba! Your food is splendidly regal, though your bright lighting is wretched and your cluttered bar can be a bit off-putting on entry. Here's how it unfolded:Knowing my husband would never knowingly say yes to a dish involving cottage cheese curds and collard greens, I took the liberty of ordering our appetizer when he wasn't listening. We then split the meat feast for two. Everything was really, really good. The app disappeared in a trice (Joel even had the last bite). The entree consisted of a spicy ground beef curry; chicken drumsticks and a hard boiled egg (yes, really) served in a hot brown sauce; and a lamb/rosemary dish with injera mixed into it. All were good, though our mutual favorite was that lamb. It was incredibly flavorful, and the addition of the Ethiopian bread to it worked very well indeed. Meanwhile, the chicken was so tender it almost fell off the bone. Both the chicken and the beef packed quite a bit of heat. There were dollops of veg curry on the side - carrot, potato, beans, cauliflower - to cool us down a bit.  In the end, Your Highness, you wowed us with your flavors, along with your gentle and gracious service. Please dim the lights a little and ditch half of those cluttered bar stools to create an atmosphere more befitting your standard of cuisine.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,8/10/2011,86,140,2,6,6>I love this place. From it's deep fried sweet potato fritter appetizers to it's homemade vanilla ice cream. It's always delivered Asian inspired flavor goodness for me.The restaurant itself has warm modern atmosphere. The design is clean and Asian inspired. They've got a nice patio area where we ate for the first time. It was very nice out there. The entrees are all very reasonably priced, and the appetizers are priced so you can get a few of those too. I've had their duck entree recently and it was really good. Crispy skin, nicely finished meat, infused flavors.I've been a bunch of times and kept meaning to write a review. It's easily one of my top restaurants in Chapel Hill and one I've got no hesitation to recommend.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,8/9/2011,84,91,4,6,8>Dear McKay's,I like your style.As Donna B. pointed out, "THIS is a used book store!!".Wall to wall, crate to crate, row by row, book by book this place reeks of amazingness!After what felt like 5 minutes I checked my watch to see that an entire hour had passed -- that's my kind of bookstore. While they don't have EVERYTHING (based on their current inventory and what people are selling at that time), they do have a lot! With a friendly staff to boot I've got to give this store props!I had been meaning to stop in for months and one day, whilst driving up Capital, I pulled over and took a gander.After rummaging through crate after crate of books and shelf after shelf of DVDs I walked out with a used DVD and a free copy of Wally Lamb's "I Know This Much Is True" (my favorite book, I picked up the extra copy for loaning out).I highly recommend checking out the "Free Books" in the back, right hand side of the store. There was surprisingly a good amount of decent book back there up for grabs!!I also recommend the rare finds up on the front right of the store by the DVDs -- some real doozies up there.As a side note, they run a promotion on Tuesdays if you wear an Edward McKay's shirt you get 10% off your purchase. Clever advertising and great savings, oh McKay's....
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,8/8/2011,67,240,,6,5>Keeping it simple, and that is alright!Local 506 is the place to see your favorite local, regional, national, and sometimes even international acts up close and personal. And I do mean up close and personal.The venue itself is pretty small, which is excellent, and it does have somewhat of a dive-bar feel (which is even more excellent). As mentioned in some prior reviews, where you situate yourself is obviously key (as it is at any music event). If the club is crowded, it can get pretty hot and loud up front (which isn't necessarily a bad thing) whereas it can be difficult to see in the back where the club narrows from the main room towards the bar. So somewhere towards the back of the front area or into the middle area is probably your best bet for purposes of seeing the band and being comfortable overall.  There is also a small amount of bench type seating on either side of the main hall and in the back, which can be an excellent option if you are not on the tall side (and I am not!). The staff is super nice as whoever is manning the door or working the bar is usually up for striking a conversation pretty readily. The beer selection isn't the best in the world, but it's decent enough. Plus since it's a membership bar, you can get your choice of mixed drinks as well. Important Points:1) It is a membership bar, which means you pay a once in a lifetime fee of $3 to obtain a membership card    -I've heard that people have gotten a hard time if they've shown up without their membership card, but my girlfriend actually had her wallet (and membership card) stolen before a show and the staff was more than willing to let her in without her card2) Cash only bar (but there is an ATM)3) Street parking or Chapel Hill lot parking
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,8/7/2011,109,358,,4,4>LOVE. Such character!! I have been here twice now and am looking forward to visiting as soon as the next movie opens up. I saw Black Swan here which was such a treat to be in such a beautiful theater it really transformed the moving going experience for me. They show a wide range of movies and also have wonderful film festivals which I cannot wait to attend. The history contained in this place is amazing and I really love and appreciate it. The staff here are also wonderful and super. It is a must visit in Durham and a place that really makes Durham for me.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,8/6/2011,96,25,7,5,4>Definitely a friendly little dive bar right in our backyard!  I was expecting bar food but ended up with a really good Turkey and Avocado wrap.  Stacy had the sandwich version of the same thing I order...as she is known to do.Me: "Yes, I'll have the turkey and avocado wrap"Stacy: "Yes, I'll have the turkey and avocado wrap....oh, but make it a sandwich."   Because she wants to be different.  That being said, I am very happy that I found a bar with healthy food and a friendly wait staff!  Here is a picture of my abs...from space.[  ] [  ][  ] [  ][  ] [  ]Stay healthy my friends
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2010,8/5/2011,55,264,4,7,5>It's an airport.  Who really LOVES an airport?  Eh, it gets the job done and if you learn a few tricks it's not really bad at all.Terminal 2 is the new terminal.  Flying on Southwest is a pain, because not only is it in Terminal 1 but it is in the far, far corner of terminal 1.  It's pretty far from the daily parking garage.  There's no wi-fi, but honestly, it's a fine airport.  And security isn't a total nightmare.Let's talk parking for a bit though.  The parking garage is reasonably priced when you compare to other cities.  However my BIG pet peeve, and I'm talking a HUGE pet peeve, is the Parking Express pay option.  The idea is to pay before you leave the terminal and supposedly save time on the exit.  But if you pay in the terminal and then have a hard time finding your car, or trying to herd your crotch spawn, or you have a dead battery... you will have to pay again as you leave the parking garage.  The timer starts ticking as soon as you pay in the terminal and even if you've already paid for your hour or your day, you get shaken down for another $2 when you try to leave.Bottom line - don't pay for parking until you are ready to go through the toll booth.  Each toll booth thingie accepts credit cards.And if you know the proper name for the toll booth thingie let me know so I can update my review.  :)
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2011,8/4/2011,43,197,2,5,4>Q: "What are you going to do today, Aviator?" A: "Try and take over the world!" (In Pinky and the Brain voices).  Okay, so maybe "the world" is an exaggeration, but taking over Fuquay is not at a stretch at all.  With the actual brewery just a few minutes down the street and the Tap House directly across the street, The Aviator Smokehouse is the latest addition to Aviator's takeover.  And a welcome takeover it is! I was impressed when I walked in and saw the sheer footage of this place!  They've done a nice job of opening the space up by not overcrowding it with too many tables and having a nice size bar in the back.  Although I'm not a huge fan of all of the Aviator microbrews, they really have something for everyone.  Couple the beer variety with great food and what do you get? The perfect neighborhood restaurant.  I tried the Turkey sandwich with bacon, fried pickles and Cilantro Lime Ranch Mayo. It was Deeeeee-lish-ous! My husband got the pulled pork BBQ sandwich and wings.  I had a bite of each and although I'm not much of a wing eater, they were decent.  The BBQ sandwich was Memphis style (red sauce) and was also good.  I have to say, I was a little disappointed to learn (after looking at the menu online, after our trip) that we were not given the full menu.  They were running low on menus (the waiter said they're printing more), so we were given the bar menu.  I'm still happy with my choice, but would have liked to look at all of the offerings.  Understandably though, it's a new place that's still getting it's legs, so I'm convinced to go back.Definitely giving this one a thumbs up.  Aviator, what don't you have?*Brewery with Tours, Tunes (just recently added bands on Sat nights) and BREWS....CHECK.*Tap House with BREWS and an outdoor deck that is both kid and pet friendly...CHECK.*Smokehouse with delicious BBQ, Wings and BREWS (I'm seeing a trend)....CHECK.You go Aviator!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2011,10/24/2011,67,240,8,13,6>After Starbucks coffee and Orlando Bloom, moving may indeed be my least favorite thing in the world. So why have I moved three years in a row? (moving once=shame on you, moving twice=shame on me, moving thrice=maybe it's time to take a deeper look at things) Well, I don't know but I do know that hiring TROSA moving made this most recent relocation much more bearable (whereas watching a good portion of "Troy" will always be painful thanks to Mr. Bloom).We completed the over the phone estimate (very efficient!) and opted to have four guys help us move (given the fact that rates are hourly and four associates did not cost a great deal more than three associates). The TROSA residents that did our move were kind, courteous, and very professional.  Plus they were super fast! Unlike some fellow Yelpers and other friends of mine that have used the service, I don't really own anything nice so I may not have been as concerned with my belongings as some others. I can say, however, that my crappy furniture was no more crappy after the move. In all seriousness, though, the movers were quite particular with wrapping and securing items to the highest degree.  Like Stephanie B., I really hope that I never move again (but I inevitably will) but if I do move locally again, I would not hesitate to hire TROSA moving to help out!Helpful Tips:1) The moving gents are undergoing rehabilitation via a community model at TROSA to target substance abuse difficulties. Thus, it is clearly not a good idea to offer a bottle of liquor as a thanks (not that any of the TROSA residents would accept it)---yup, I know someone who unknowingly did that (and was then politely educated)2) Donations are tax deductible3) The residents working for the moving company are actually not allowed to accept any sort of food or drink from the clients that they serve
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2011,10/23/2011,109,358,,7,4>I was very impressed with my visit to the vet hospital. The staff were all very kind and really walked me through what was going on with my cat. I was referred here from my regular vet because my cat has a murmur. She was actually able to be entered into a research study which made the visit free which was incredible. It is clear that they are doing good work here and this vet and really care about the animals. The only thing that was not so great was the waiting room. I was trying not to stress my cat out and there were many dogs in the waiting room in both areas which was a bummer. I am unsure what services they offer exactly but I would highly recommend checking it out.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,10/22/2011,43,197,4,7,2>I've been here a couple of times for dinner.  Although on the pricey side, the menu is fresh, food delicious and atmosphere very upscale.  The bottom floor is where you will find the restaurant, then move up to the second or third floors for more of a club feel.  Floor two has a nice sized bar, VIP booths and separate areas and a glass dance floor, which you can see from the 1st floor.  The third floor is similar, with another bar, VIP areas and dance floor.  In the warmer month, the top floor is a rooftop, open air destination.  The whole place reminds me of something you would find in a bigger city like Miami or NY.  Online they claim to have a dress code, but the way I saw some people dressed (girl in Puma T-Shirt?), I'm not sure how well it's enforced.  You will likely get turned away if you are wearing a hat, sneakers, sweatpants, etc.  There's a mix of young and middle agers, jeans and nice shirts to cocktail dresses and even a few "What was she thinking?" outfits.For a nice, special occasion dinner or an upscale night on the town, this is your place.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2011,10/21/2011,55,264,15,5,5>I realized today I needed a sandwich, oil sprayer, purse, thai basil, greeting card, candy, wine, bright orange silicone spatula, and a cookie in the shape of a tarheel.  Thank heaven for Southern Season.  I think this place was designed by someone who built rat mazes in a previous life.  None of the aisles make sense, leading you to wander and toss more "essentials" into your basket as you go along.  Ahhh, I see what you did there. But it makes me cringe a little when the cashier hits the total button.  I seriously spent SO long in this store that as I was emptying my basket at the register I had already forgotten some of the things I put in along the way.I'm not a gourmet chef but I play one every day at 6pm.  This store gives me all the tools and ingredients for me to play the part ... right up until I put the burned roast on the table.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2011,10/20/2011,42,116,,6,4>Great little cafe with yummy food. Service was attentive and well informed. I didn't have any trouble with ordering logistics, but it wasn't very busy when we dropped in. I love the Raleigh decor and the use of the windows in front for seating. We ordered the Wilmoore sammy, the Pork banh mi, and the hearty soup for the day. They did not have a "green" soup (that's what the menu calls it), so I was a little bummed, but I got over it. We also had the homemade chips, because I love a potato sliced and fried. The WIlmoore was great. The pork was tender and juicy, the bread was just right. For some inexplicable reason, I've never had a banh mi. How in the world have I not? So I can't compare with "authentic" tastes or not. I really enjoyed it though, and I will be craving these sandwiches now. The pork, again, super tender, the cilantro and carrots, etc fresh and delicious. The sauce, very tasty (although it could have been more fish saucey for me).  Joe loved the cheesy pork cauliflower soup. We are definitely putting this in the lunch rotation.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2011,10/19/2011,223,633,2,5,6>Every now and then one needs a Crystal Palace fix, ya know?  We don't do many buffets, but when we do get the urge for one (figure we've already been bad this weekend, why not keep going?), it might as well be a good one, and Crystal Palace is very good.     There's always a great variety of freshly prepared dishes that are replenished regularly.  Nice mixture of mild and spicy.  Personally, I love that they're not afraid of heat.  Although be careful of the jalapeno beef...they somehow manage to find "jalapenos" that are more of a habanero heat level.  Plenty to cool off with though.  I also love that there's never a problem loading up on fresh veggies (albeit cooked in plenty of oil).     They even have a grilled section with grilled meats, veggies and fish. You'll find all the traditional dishes, plus occasional surprises like fabulous roast duck that appeared at one point today (and quickly vanished, especially after one gal grabbed nothing but a whole plate of it, and no it wasn't me!)  Everything seems to be very good quality.      My memory might be wrong, but I believe their prices might have actually gone down since the last time we ate there. Today (Sunday), their all-day dinner price was just $11.99 per person, but that didn't include a drink. Tea and soft drinks were less than $2.00 each and were kept refilled. Dirty plates were promptly removed.   If you're a dessert person, they seemed to have more now than they have in the past. I'm happy to report that the one dessert I've always wanted them to have, but they didn't use to have it, has now been added!  They are now doing the fried dough in sugar. So until the next time we need a Crystal Palace fix, this one will last for awhile, as I am so FULL.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2011,10/18/2011,147,238,1,8,4>Humble Pie's brunch made me desperately wish I was still a member of the Clean Plate Club.  Everything I tasted made me go, "Mmm!" and all of the dishes the group ordered looked fantastic.The biscuits that came out were fresh, flaky, and crumbly - my favorite combination of properties when it comes to bread.  Throw on a little butter and/or honey on them, and they are definitely something that could threaten the integrity of the rest of your meal. ;)I ordered the Juevos Rancheros, which was described as beans, eggs, cheese and chorizo topped with tortilla chips (and available in a vegetarian version sans chorizo).  Now, ordering chroizo in most restaurants out of the Southwest can be hit or miss - sometimes you get authentic chorizo, and sometimes you get a sliced up spicy sausage - so you can imagine my delight when it came out with the real thing!  Not only was it the real thing, but it wasn't soaked in grease!  I didn't make it through the full dish, but boy did I try! The service was attentive and fun, and our waitress did a great job tending to us while we waited. We got a couple of extras at the table, were brought out a fan to keep us cool, and always had a full glass of water.  Good times in my book!
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,10/17/2011,85,119,10,6,6>It had been a long time since a strong black man had touched me.    I should remember the name of the masseuse who sent me into  Ashiatsu bliss.    I promise to edit this review later  and add the masseuse's name.  My husband booked a 90 minute Ashiatsu massage for my birthday.  I like deep tissue massages and places like massage envy and random massage bars just don't do it for me.   The  Ashiatsu massage I received at Synergy  hit the spot.   I basically had someone massage me with their feet instead of their hands.  " Ewwww their feet?! "  you say. Yes and it was soooo goood!  Expand your horizons and live a little.  Get an ashiatsu massage!   If you have tired muscles and Swedish deep tissue type massages don't seem to penetrate to that ache, give Ashiatsu a try.  At the end of the session the masseuse writes what s/he recommends the next service at Synergy should be and I was offered 15% off if I booked it.  Not bad!Hands down one of the best massages I've ever received was here at this spa.   From the person receiving you at the front door to their massage services, everything was top notch here.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,10/16/2011,289,148,23,8,15>Last night I watched a man nearly get hit by a car as he raced to Only Burger for his fix, his long ponytail swinging back as the car nearly sliced him in half. Our eyes locked as I pointed up and said "the spirits are looking out for you". Then I stepped off of the curb and almost got hit by a bus. Thank goodness for my handsome mister who grabbed my arm, the delicious peppery fries already making a grease stain on the precious paper bag he held.After two near death experiences, I met the goddess and she was in the shape of an Only Burger with cheese and bacon. I tasted of her and I wanted for nothing else in life except another stomach so that I might eat another Only Burger.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2010,10/15/2011,46,40,5,7,7>Wow, my birthday dinner was perfect...Rick and his family made me feel like I was one of their own.  We had great food, great conversation, and some good laughs.I've had pizza all over the United States and this is as good as it gets.  They get it, I get it, and we are all better off for it.  If you're looking for NY style pizza, this isn't it.  If you're looking for Chicago style pizza, keep on looking.  If you're looking for "2 pizzas for $9.99"...that's your own problem.This is the real deal Artisan or Neo-Neopolitan pizza.  The quality of ingredients are top notch, the combination of toppings are first class, and the food is made with care.  Try the wings, try the pizza, and try the "special" espresso...I'll bet you won't be disappointed.I'm already looking forward to my return visit.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2012,4/18/2013,294,288,1,11,10>I found The Mecca Restaurant with my good ol' trusty Yelp app. I love a good diner breakfast and I've been in DTR a few times recently around breakfast. I have made a few trips to here and I have to say I'm a fan.First, you gotta love the fact it's been around since 1930! What staying power. Nice. And yes it does reflect that atmosphere on the inside. Old booths and counter seating, still kept nice but still reflecting that it is old school. Even a portrait of FDR still up on the wall. I like the way they have kept it traditional but just as functional as ever.Service has always been great. Very attentive staff when I have been there for breakfast. My last trip I had a great waitress, swear she was a Lisa Loeb look-alike, glasses and all, and had the greatest positive attitude. She was a pleasure to be waited on by, saying what was good that day (she was right) and always making sure I had everything I need/beverages topped off. Thumbs up on service and staff.Food, good old school diner fare. That's my favorite. Last trip included scrambled eggs and what I was told was a great choice of the day, biscuits and gravy. Absolutely correct, great gravy with scratch biscuits, omnomnom! Good coffee as well.I see they have a fully stocked bar as well, and I would love to come by on a late night and see the place in that sort of mode. It would be a great place for a whiskey or bourbon and chill out at the counter, it feels like.Bottom line: Good diner food (at least my breakfast trips), great service/staff, nice old school diner atmosphere. Thumbs up!
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,4/17/2013,152,347,6,13,9>YAY! A vietnamese joint right by my house! I love not having to drive 30 minutes to North Raleigh for some decent authentic vietnamese food!I came here on a date with myself and had a great time! I think I will go on a second date with this one. The price is great. $8 for all vermicelli bowls, $8 for small pho, $9 for large pho, $4 for banh mi, $8 for rice platters, $4 for smoothies, $4-6 for appetizers, and around $10-12 for their specials. I got their seafood spring rolls ($4), comes in 3. It was delicious and just what I expected. I  also got a vermicelli plate with grilled pork and shrimp. The portion was decent and everything tasted great. The shrimp was grilled and charred to perfection. The pork was tender and seasoned right. One complaint I had was that the shrimp was a little over-cooked, so it didn't have that fresh shrimp "crisp" to it.The avocado smoothie was made with fresh avocados, and came in your standard bubble tea around 16oz to go cup. All of their smoothies are made with fresh fruit, not powder. WIN WIN WIN!The service was also good and the food wasn't super fast nor slow. I very much enjoyed the experience here and will frequent this place!I'm from DC, so I do recognize that there are $5-6 large bowls of great pho in existence. However, this is NC and unfortunately bowls of pho do run up to $10-12. I have come to accept this fact and made peace with it.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,4/16/2013,69,194,8,12,7>Succumbing to pangs of hunger on Saturday morning, my boyfriend and I ventured out into the cold wind to wait in line for Durham's most beloved donuts. After twenty minutes of slowly inching around the block to the small, heated interior, we finally made it to the counter. Absolutely famished, I ordered two toasted Everything Bagel Sandwiches with egg, bacon, cheese, greens, and maple sriracha sauce (mine had red onion and an over-easy egg, rather than a fried).After ordering, I took a seat at what one of the long, gorgeous, wooden tables and waited for my boyfriend to return with his dozen donuts (yes, ALL flavors + one double). Ten minutes later, we were out the door with the sandwiches, escaping to a nearby sidewalk bench to indulge. Ravenously, I tore open my foiled sandwich and chomped down, sending a splurge of egg yolk all over my hand. Pause, I did not. The combination of crunchy bacon (two slices!), red onion, mixed greens, cheese, and Sriracha sauce, all enclosed in a toasted Everything bagel, made my toes curl. With each bite, the sauce commingled with yolk, oozing onto my jeans, shirt, and hands. The maple sriracha sauce wasn't too thick -- it had a smooth, liquidy consistency. When all was said and done, I unabashedly met my boyfriend's quizzical face. "Want me to get some napkins?" He laughed. "Uh...." I paused, licking my caked fingers, "...sure." When my boyfriend returned, I succumbed to cleaning myself, merely thankful to not have had anyone recognize me in my state of disarray.As for donuts, I thoroughly enjoyed the Caramel Delight donut the most -- rich, sweet, and cakey! *swoon* Space-wise, this place is SO tiny and can barely meet the overflowing volume of hungry customers. There's no where to really wait for your to-go orders, unless you're lucky to score a seat... One thing that surprised me is that they serve beer AND wine, so you can swig your booze as you nom on artery-clogging deliciousness! Prices are cheap: $2 for a donut, $1.50 for bagel, $1 toppings (for bagel sandwiches). Toppings include: cheese, egg (any style), bacon, jam. Free toppings include: red onion, greens, maple sriracha*Go early, you WILL wait.  Don't come expecting to dine in, unless you arrive shortly after they open -- many customers are locals and will snag tables faster than you can say, "Monuts".**If you see someone "cutting" in front of you to enter inside (assuming you're outside), they're 99% of the time meeting their significant other. I made this mistake, long story.***Don't get take-out donuts unless you're eating them immediately. They don't keep well and lost their flavor/consistency same-day.****Ask for NAPKINS with your breakfast sandwiches (we got zero). They are also extremely necessary if you order an over-easy egg.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,4/15/2013,139,155,1,16,3>I hardly ever eat out for lunch, but the chicken wing special posted on Moustache Cafe's Facebook page convinced me drive across the street with a craving for Persian food.  Located in the old Quizno's spot, the Moustache crew has done an awesome job of transforming the space. Think dark, sleek interior freckled with photos of famous 'staches (Burt Reynolds, Charlie Chaplin, Clark Gable, etc), fresh flowers and a gorgeous new covered outdoor patio. Upon arrival I was greeted by friendly faces and delicious smells--a winning combination. I placed my order of pomegranate-habenero grilled chicken wings to-go, along with a side green salad and cucumber salad. All of that, plus a drink, was only $8! When I reached to sign the receipt, the pen came attached to a photo-booth style moustache prop-- love it! After barely ten minutes and multiple assurances that my food was on its way, the cashier brought my meal to me and I rushed back to the office to try it out. I opened the box to find a humongous serving of jumbo wings, gorgeously charred, tangy and sweet with a bite at the end. Seriously good. My side salad was topped with generous slices of ripe avocado and tomatoes (ripe tomatoes make such a difference!) and was perfectly dressed with a tangy lime dressing. The cucumber salad was also great, although a little heavy on the onion.  I've definitely found my go-to spot on days I feel like treating myself to lunch! Go on and check this brand new spot out!
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,4/14/2013,67,201,4,6,3>Decided to get an impromptu haircut at the Hair Cuttery on Kildaire only to see the place had closed, boo.So I fired up the Yelp! mobile app and found this place. I saw in the reviews they could get busy with walk-ins having to wait a good bit so I called. Receptionist said to run over as they currently had only about a  10 minute wait. She lied.I walked in, signed my name, and they sat me right away. So I missed out on the leather chair, peanuts, and coffee treatment they have available in the waiting area.The stylist asked me what I wanted and spent a good 20 minutes on my hair. This is a LONG time for the amount of hair I have. But it came out very neat looking, and she stopped multiple times to blow dry off the clippings.I have never gone for the shampoo, but I wasn't given the option. She whirled me around, put the hot towel on my face, washed my hair, massaged my temples, and had me up and dried before I knew what had really happened.This was followed up by a nice back and shoulder massage - with a handheld machine - that felt pretty good for what it was.$11.50 b/c I wasn't paying in cash.I'd definitely come back here again, but next time I won't chance the wait and will make an appt in advance. As I was walking out there were already 6 guys sitting waiting and more walking in.One last nice touch, HD TV's with DirecTV and remotes in each of the stations. I didn't change the channel as I was too lazy to reach up for the remote, but they had already turned on closed captioning so you could tell what was going on. A minor detail, but something I picked up on and appreciated.I'll amend to a 5-star after a 2nd visit and if the Missus approves of the haircut!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,4/13/2013,168,723,,4,5>Finsky is located in the building that housed a Pizza Inn for many years.  Having dined at the Pizza Inn many times, I was impressed at the new decor, which is much brighter and inviting then the dark tones from the past.The wall leading to the order counter is covered with large prints of the menu, plus current specials.  The main offerings are hot dogs with quite an array of toppings, cutlets of veal, chicken, and burgers.I ordered the Chicken Parmigiana Cutlet and my guest had two hot dogs.  Both meals came with fries and soft drink.  If you order take out, there is a window for pickup, dine in orders are brought to the table.My cutlet had the right amount of crisp coating, and the fries were a good portion and cooked to my liking.  Hot dogs do not come in a tradition hot dog bun, but in a deli style bread.Prices are quite reasonable.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,4/12/2013,32,398,3,9,2>This is yet another one of those awesome Yelp finds. Though I've driven by it dozens of times, I'd never heard about it until I checked Yelp. And I'm glad I did.I was by myself, and had a craving for sushi, yet really wanted to try the Korean food. Deciding that I didn't care what the staff thought about me, I ordered both. The Korean BBQ comes out on this huge hot dish. Three types of marinated meats with a bunch of veggies, rice, and lettuce leaves. The food here was extremely well flavored, hot, and had a gorgeous presentation. I was able to keep mixing flavors in a different way (there was a sauce that came with the dish, too), in that I kept having new flavor profiles every few bites. And, there was enough left over that I was able to take some home and have even more new flavors the next day.I ordered one sushi roll, and it was a little disappointing. Not bad, just not as flavorful as I tried to order. It seemed to rely too much on "subtle" and not enough on "awesome." Would certainly cure a sushi craving, but I would not make this restaurant my destination for sushi. Service was fine. Not great, but perfectly adequate. I had three different people helping me at different points, and I never went wanting for anything for more than a minute or two. Definitely a place I will return to. I would recommend that people try to Korean dishes.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,4/11/2013,41,58,,7,2>2 Words:  Great Date.  My wife and I came in on a Saturday before heading to a movie.  The ambiance was intimate, just what we were looking for on a Saturday night date.  I had the Ribeye (medium).  One a scale of 1 - 10 (10 being excellent) I give it a 9.  For my side I had the blue cheese macaroni.  I give it a 8.5.  My wife had the shirmp tacos.  She said, "They weren't blow your mind good, but they were good."  She gave them 7.5.  I didn't get any pictures because I SWORE to leave my phone in the car on date night.  We will definitely return.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,4/10/2013,170,196,1,4,9>I can't believe I have lived in Raleigh for over a year and have just recently visited this place for the first time! I've really been missing out!! I wish I lived in downtown Raleigh and could walk here everyday. Unfortunately I will have to settle for when I am in the area. We walked in on a late Sunday morning and were met with superb customer service. Everyone behind the counter was friendly and welcoming. I ordered a hot chocolate with whipped cream as it was very cold out that particular morning, and the boy got the morning blend coffee. I also ordered a breakfast sandwich which was fresh and very tasty. We both enjoyed our drinks as we sat upstairs in the spacious, artsy room that had plenty of chairs and tables to go around. I loved everything about this place, and felt like I could hang out there for hours. I need to go back soon and try one of the spiked coffee drinks. They sound absolutely fabulous. See you soon Morning Times!
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,4/9/2013,70,246,2,9,5>I think I've found a new favorite restaurant in the Triangle area. Not only does the Second Empire restaurant feature fantastic service and a super fancy atmosphere, but the food is absolutely wonderful.I made reservations well in advance for our Friday evening out, as I knew it was a popular restaurant in the area. Not only did I get a call, but I got quite a few emails about the reservation, making sure I was asking for the main floor (not the tavern) and that it wasn't for a special event of any kind. We ended up arriving about 20 minutes ahead of our reservation because I tried to plan for traffic, which was abnormally good on this evening. I couldn't find any parking in their tiny private lot, but at least street parking could be found within a half block. Our table wasn't ready, so we were directed down to the tavern area for a few minutes while our table was prepared.The tavern area seemed nice enough, but a bit more crowded than the upper level.  I hear they have  a separate, slightly cheaper menu for this area, and I suppose one day we might try it. The bar area featured a nice variety of hard alcohols, though I wanted to be able to decide on a main dish before ordering a drink. So in the meantime, I snacked on pretzels and drank ice water while waiting for our table.The maitre d came down to the tavern to get us once our table was ready. He took our coats, and led us into small room with about 4-5 other tables in it, and seated us at a table for two. There was fine art on the walls and fuzzy, warmly-colored wallpaper, giving the room a hushed atmosphere like a museum. The lighting was low, but not so low you couldn't see your menu or food. Just low enough so my pictures didn't turn out.We were advised to order of the first course menu, and then the entree menu, but I decided instead to order a cheese sampling off the cheese menu. They offered a 3 cheese plate for $16 and this was enough for my husband and I to split. Unfortunately I don't remember the names of the cheeses, but one was a Camembert, and two were Gouda-like. They were served with some onion, berries, bread and pressed date/almond cake. I wasn't familiar with their wine list, so they suggested the Artesa chardonnay to go with the cheeses. I thought it complimented them very well, and I was really happy with the cheese plate.For entrees, I ordered the Pennsylvania duck leg and my husband ordered the special of the day, which was Filet Mignon. His entree was supposed to come with potatoes and other carbs, but they were able to make it with sauteed vegetables on his request to accommodate his diet.The duck was absolutely divine, and the sauce was perfect. It was served with an amazing little pastry that seemed to be chopped wild rice and vegetables baked in phyllo dough, and was also served with white asparagus, something I hadn't seen since I lived in Germany. Everything about the dish was perfect, and I was really impressed with the size of the entree. Compared to restaurants like An or Heron's, they actually do give you a full plate of food for your money. Again, I didn't know what kind of wine to get with duck, since it's not something I often order. They recommended the J. Lohr petit sirah, which paired with it perfectly.My husband's steak looked beautiful, and the sauce on his was almost more delicious than the sauce on my duck. I was amazed how perfectly the sauces were paired with the meats. It came with a nice selection of perfectly sauteed vegetables.As full as I was, I couldn't pass up ordering dessert. I got the vanilla bean creme brulee, and it was really good. I'm not sure if it was $9 good, as that's a bit expensive for a dessert. But I'd still get one again next time, probably the souffle.My husband's entree ended up being $44, something they don't tell you about when they're listing off the specials. When most of the other entrees are about $30 that's a bit of a jump. However since we so rarely get a nice, romantic evening out, and since the food was so very delicious, I still think it all was worth it. Since they don't really serve children, and it's a bit pricey, I don't think we'll be coming back here more than once a year or so. However I think out of all the places I would want to celebrate my 10th anniversary, this restaurant tops the list. It's far and away the best "special occasion" restaurant in the triangle area.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2010,11/8/2010,74,201,3,7,4>I was pleasantly surprised by this place.  Anytime I go to an ethnic restaurant in RTP, I usually come in expecting an Americanized version.  Aside from the salad and the soup, the main dishes were fairly authentic.  I went there with my "lunch bunch" and between the three of us, we got the chicken curry w/ roti, coconut curry laksa noodles and char kway teow.  ALL delicious and VERY well priced for the amount you get.  Their M-F lunch menu ranges from $7-$10 and all dishes come with soup and salad.  However, a Thai iced tea for $3.50?  NOT cool.   Christina G. got us an awesome sampler platter.  The presentation was pretty sparse.  My favorite of the sampler were the curry samosa and coconut shrimp.  It wasn't crowded during lunch, so no need for reservations.  Merlion is located in the Market Street Southern Village Plaza, so parking can be bad sometimes.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.  Decent ethnic restaurants are hard to find around here!
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2010,11/7/2010,15,58,3,6,4>I first found Cameron's (bizarrely located in University Mall, beside... Hungate's) when I was in college and my roommate took me there to look for stuff to decorate our dorm room. This is, hands down, one of the best gift stores I have ever been in. If you want to peruse cool and sometimes locally made jewelry, picture frames, unusual books, eclectic decorations, stuff you never thought you needed, tons of refrigerator magnets and pins, hard to find and hilarious cards and stationery, and more, check this place out. Expect to possibly find profanity, politically polarizing, and some risque items mixed in amongst the kitsch, just as an FYI. You can spend hours in here just looking at the weird stuff they have.The only downside is that it's a bit pricey, but I can't complain too much since it's a local store with hard-to-find cool things. Go give it a looksee. Oh, and also, take a look at the shrine upstairs. Yes, shrine. I don't know what it is either.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,11/6/2010,73,67,,5,4>Super cool! A bespoke tile studio. Concealed in a tiny cul-de-sac at the end of Lenoir St in Boylan Heights, this is the place to go to get high-quality, custom-made tiles for backsplashes, showers, or simply art pieces. The owner, Marina, and her timid-yet-enormous poodle are very friendly, and can usually be found in the studio in the back part of the building.The business specializes in custom glazed tile work, but also offers classes to students interested in learning how to make their own tiles. My friend came into town all the way from Seattle specifically for these classes (well, these and the Lemur Center), and having witnessed some of the studio instruction today, I can verify that potential students will quickly learn to create beautiful works of art of their very own.Check out the business's website for further details about the owner, her style (I saw a lot of Indian-influenced pieces hanging in the current gallery), and the availability of the classes. SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL ARTISTS!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2010,11/5/2010,147,238,3,5,3>My dog has a record.  She was the runt of her litter, so she has had quite the laundry list of issues over her short six years. Luxating Patellas, Epilepsy, Bladder Stones.. PLUS, Chihuahuas are generally stressed out, so picking a vet that we are both comfortable at is never an easy task.We tried this place out on recommendation from our house's previous homeowners, and since they had good taste on the house, I decided to give them a try.  I came in prepared with a pre-printed patient sheet and all of the medical history I could get my hands on, and the staff was awesome about it.  They ran off copies and made sure I got my originals back, and the techs and vet spent lots of time informing me about what they were doing and why they were doing it.  Since she has epilepsy, she is on drugs on a regular basis - they made sure to get me a list of pharmacies near my home so I could get the right dosage at a reliable place. :)I got a call the NEXT DAY on her test results!  Seriously, that was awesome. Not only because they were good results, but because that's faster than I get a call back for MY test results! :)The only downers - its a little smelly, and a little pricey.  I paid $15 to get my dog's nails trimmed?!  That's almost as much as getting MY nails trimmed (and polished!).
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2010,11/3/2010,42,96,2,6,5>So I get this email from my co worker.  Dude.  There's a place that was on Man vs. Food and we need to do a tour of it.I work from home, and live in Wake Forest.  So this was a 45m drive for me to get to the area.  We set up a friday meeting and headed that way.I stared at their monster burger that comes with 1/2 lb patty, chili, and a hot dog on it.   I debated it and almost went for it but I just wasn't that hungry.So instead I got the 'Dain's Burger', and I was not disappointed.   There are very few 'good burger' places that are local down near Wake Forest.  DOn't know why, but this was worth the drive.   I'm now trying to figure out how to work this into business lunches as it's not that far from the Triangle.We got in at 11:30 and it appears we beat the rush, as we walked out about 12:15 Duke must have broke for lunch because it went from being empty to full really, really fast.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2010,11/2/2010,4,99,2,4,4>If you like nachos at all, get the pork nachos! Vegetarians will equally enjoy the nachos without pork. Seriously. I don't know if the chips are handmade or made by a magic chip goddess, but they are the prefect crunchiness & saltiness. The fresh jalapenos also make me happy. I love the pork nachos!Also, I kinda wish whoever Ladell is would adopt me as her granddaughter. Her chocolate cake is amazing!The atmosphere and decor of Raleigh Times are just my style. I like old buildings being put to good use, and I like big windows, and I like being around interesting people. This is what I find at Raleigh Times Bar.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2010,11/1/2010,59,219,5,10,6>Night and day....that's the difference between our last visit and yesterday's visit. While already good, I felt the attention to details (e.g., service, presentation, food) really elevated our dining experience here to 4.5 - 5 stars from my last (lunch) visit. I'll set the goal high and and err on generous, giving them them the 5 stars for the dinner experience and I'm definitely looking forward to venturing out here again in the near future.The details....DECOR/LOCALE: I still love the decor inside...much more intimate and cozy than the Morrisville location. Almost luxurious and reeking of a date night with the dark wood interiors, black tablecloths and mirrors all over. The location itself is perfectly suited to us as we can just walk on over to this newly developed part of 54. The welcome addition of Saffron here fits a much needed niche for an upscale Indian resto in our area. Although on a Thursday night summer eve, the secret still isn't out...yet.SERVICE: Our server was amazing - friendly, courteous and knowledgeable. He was neither too "in your face" nor lax. Even with our conversations going on, I never once felt interrupted nor imposed upon. Our guy went through all the options, explained a lot of the details and made recommendations that were spot on - both food and drink-wise. And splitting a table bill three ways didn't impose any great challenge on him either unlike some *other* restos in the area. FOOD: The dinner menu seems more extensive than the lunch and there are nice options for the vegetarian as well as the pescatarians - lots of seafood options (fish, scallops, prawns, etc) that we didn't try on this particular visit, but are looking forward to on our next visit. Don't worry carnivores...there's plenty of meat options as well (lamb and chicken).On this particular visit we sampled an app (Aloo Tikki Channa Chaat) and 2 vegetarian entrees (Gobi Musslam and Paneer Makhanwala). We shared the refreshing and beautifully presented app - a moderately spicy huge potato patty covered in fresh chickpeas, cabbage, red onions, yogurt, chutney and tamarind sauce.The crispiness of the veggies offered a nice counterpoint to the softer textured potato, while the sweet tanginess of the tamarind piqued the tastes buds. The cool refreshing yogurt added a nice richness to the dish. Overall, really good - so much so I couldn't stop eating it! The Gobi was taken under the recommendation of our server...and the nice complexities of flavors he promised did not disappoint! I love cauliflower, so the Gobi (described as "Baked cauliflower seasoned with ginger and black cardamom served with our tomato and onion Masala sauce") was right up my alley. There was so much flavour and depth in that dish and I really liked the ginger/cardamom combination quite a bit. The second entree (Paneer Makhanwala) was just gorgeously creamy and rich - something that I crave for and can never quite perfect in my own cooking! I ate the dish secretly begrudging the skills of the chef. These dishes were so tasty that both my wife and I woke several times during the night still talking about the food - seriously, that's how good our dinner experience was!Spice-wise, none of the dishes presented a challenge to either of us, but we were informed at the time of ordering that they could accommodate us at any spice-level we wanted. In fact, they even brought out a bowl of their house made chili sauce. It wasn't terribly spicy at first, but had one of these slow insidious burns that just lingers deliciously on your taste buds....I'm kicking myself in the butt for not requesting that sauce to go home with me!Size/portion for dinner items seemed much larger than the lunch servings we had earlier, but I can't really verify this. This time, we still had leftovers to take with us. In fact...at the time of this writing, I've just had a bite of the Gobi and the Paneer dish...still richly and amazingly delicious esp. after all of that salivating we did waking up in the middle of the night!My one critique is the naan...I still found it a bit on the dry side...but maybe that's a personal preference issue. We *did* only order the plain naan basket. The rice was better (less dried out) this visit and the papadams were crisp (not stale like the last visit). Seasoning was spot on as well. Where I felt dishes may have been a bit over seasoned (salted) on the last visit....not so on this experience. Everything was perfectly seasoned to my taste. Having a few bites of the Lamb Vindaloo and the Subz Galouti Kebab also confirmed that.Just an FYI, they do have drink specials for each day of the week. On a Thursday night, that meant $5 martini nights for us. I think I also saw a $3 draft beer night - maybe on Monday? Eitherway, it was nice little bonus - not knowing this beforehand.OVERALL: Great service, presentation, food quality and drink specials make this a worthy dinner option for those in the vicinity and beyond. 5 enthusiastic stars!
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2010,10/31/2010,39,60,3,4,4>Oh the Pit! or @ThePittBBQ as I know them so well on twitter and am one of their craft beer followers. I have been to the Pit 7 or 8 times and well before they got Bobby Flay-famous.The atmosphere and setting will be unlike any BBQ joint you have ever stepped foot in, as it displays a modern-approach to old-style bbq decor.The food is great, the ribs are slide of the bone good, but what brings me back is their attention to local craft beer and hard to find US craft beers. I am a major craft beer advocate and although the Pit does not have hundreds of taps, they have an elite select few, that deliver no matter what your preferred style is.I can't say I am a connoisseur of BBQ because I grew up in Boston and up until 8 years ago, BBQ was a verb and not a noun, but I know good Caroline BBQ.  The food prices are reasonable and the portions are nice.  I always bring out of town guests to the Pit as a starting point and then tour downtown.  I usually get the beef brisket or the chopped pork and both are very tasty and juicy.  The sides are good too. A must-do.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2010,10/30/2010,53,148,1,12,4>REAL chinese food in the Triangle!!!  As a chinese person who has spent my whole life eating home cooked chinese food, and in chinese restaurants in China, Taiwan, Toronto, San Francisco, and New York I can say that this place is legit.  It's one of the few in the Triangle area that is legit though.1) You need to get the Sichuan menu - the regular menu is full of the americanized crap with all the sweet and sour blah blah blah your heart desires.2) If you're not familiar with Sichuan food here's a hint - the more chilis on the menu the better the dish.3) Don't be afraid to experimentMy first visit we had the eggplant clay pot, tea smoked duck, beef noodle soap, lamb with cilantro, and a combination cold plate with beef and other assorted cow parts in a sichuan sauce.  It was all pretty darn good.  Will definitely be going back.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2010,10/29/2010,19,73,2,6,4>I like the Raleigh Tobacco Road, but the Durham version is AMAZING!  It could have been that it was the most gorgeous summer-ish day and that it was Monday and I wasn't working and that NC's requirement that all "happy hours" be all day made beer 1/3 of the price as in the ballpark, but this Tobacco Rd hits on everything that a sports bar should be...though a terrace looking out over the 3rd baseline is a tough act to follow!  The beer was an excellent list of locals and good drafts from elsewhere, and the food is pretty good for a sports bar.  The guacamole on top of the tower of nachos that we housed was excellent, and my peanut noodle "salad" (but really just peanut noodles) was ok.  I wish it had been more of a salad.  But, I really can't complain...the atmosphere trumps any tiny shortcoming the restaurant could have!Hopefully I'll make it back there before the winter...as I just can't go to a sports bar within 5 miles of Coach K's evil empire!  When basketball season is over and baseball starts again, i'll be at Tobacco Rd as much as possible!  (and side note, I was totally enamored with the baseball atmosphere...and I don't really like baseball)
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2013,2/16/2014,174,1518,3,6,4>I wanted to hate on this place, probably because it's a wine bar and I have biases, alright people!? But I came here last weekend for Couples Night! and boy did I have to check my biases at the door. Or should I say I had to check them at the open space seating area? because it was so nice that evening that everything was outside and quite lovely. So while we were waxing clever and witty on Couples Night! I could also catch some glimpses at what is truly important: muted sports updates on ESPN. Gotcha.Also, this place serves sandwiches. And I'm not talking about dainty little fancy things with figs and other weird ingredients you wouldn't put on a sandwich, but things like: MEAT. Order as many slices as you like. Oh, you want FOUR slices of pepperjack. There is a box to check for that. Dump all the toppings and veggies you want on this guy cause you are going to eat it. Great sandwiches, although the kitchen closes at 10pm, heads up.This would be a five-star place if it weren't for my darn biases. Make it a beer bar and you've got five stars. Regardless, bravo, Tru.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,2/15/2014,169,170,,11,7>This place is a good demonstration of how the owner and staff make all of the difference. The space is small and quaint which adds a lot of charm. Similar to their sister bar (Peccadillo), the place is inconspicuous which undoubtedly adds to the "cool factor". They focus on beer and wine and they do it really well.My wife and I first met their main bartender/manager Dean at Peccadillo in Chapel Hill and got along with him very well. We were excited to hear that they were opening new business in Durham. We've been a couple of times so far and have had a mix of beer and wine and they were top-notch. Dean and the owner do their research and they find the most interesting and best tasting products. With the expert advice from the staff, we are never disappointed.The space does fill up quickly because it is long and narrow but if you're patient you'll get a seat at one of the larger tables. Because of the small size, it does get a little loud. I do wish that the music wasn't so loud but maybe that's just me being an old man :) They have a little outdoor patio and they are adding more outdoor seating which will make this place even better.Overall, nice bar and good place for trying new drinks and becoming a little more sophisticated.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,2/14/2014,69,760,4,6,3>I'm not a buffet kind of person, so I asked for a menu when I came here for the first time.  While one can get out of here for under $10 if they choose the buffet for lunch, I prefer the menu... and thus, pay accordingly.  The decor is low key, and the lunch-time clientele is mostly blue collar hard working guys - guys I have a lot of respect for because I used to do it, and that was the driving force behind me going back to school 22 years ago - I do not want their jobs.Back to Sal's:  I'm willing to try new "to me" dishes, as a result I find out what I do and don't like.  For instance, I loved the Lobster ravioli, the sauce is very VERY rich and topping the dish off with a healthy portion of crabmeat makes it stand out as a favorite, but the seafood risotto... I could live without that.  The seafood fettucine -love it!  The Italian wedding soup - not as good as Vincent's in Raleigh, but still very very good.The service is attentive and friendly - need I say more?The buffet is pizza - a few varieties, pasta - a couple varieties with red sauce (the meatballs seem to be hiding way in the back of the steam table pan), and a somewhat generic salad bar.  It would be nice to see some pepperoncinis on the salad bar.What I don't like about buffets and salad bars and why I typically avoid them:  --When the cottage cheese tastes like someone dropped a handful of cheddar and onions in it.  Sal's is occasionally guilty of this, although it's more like someone who's made a trip to the buffet is just being careless as they try to pile everything onto their plate, and it thus spills over into whatever they're holding their plate over at that moment.--Making the bleu cheese dressing taste like mayonaisse like the stable hands at GC do. Sal's is NOT guilty of this (whew!).--Serving spoons and tongs that get handled by everyone who goes up there. Okay, my bride will attest to the fact that I'm not necessarily OCD about  cleanliness, I don't go around carrying lysol wipes with me everywhere I go, but this does get to me if I'm given the opportunity to think about whether or not those who went before me have a cold; especially if I'm hearing sneezing or coughing somewhere in the restaurant.So far, this has been a go-to RTP lunch spot for me.  While I still can't bring myself to try the buffet (which would save me a small fortune), I find it difficult to leave without feeling like I'm going to burst at the seams.**Quick update on 9/5/13.  I did go try the "buffet" last week.  Very underwhelming.  Soggy pizza crust, dried out meatballs.  I will be sticking to the menu items.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,2/13/2014,154,244,5,10,5>I'm really struggling with the number of stars to give Zayka. On one hand, I was really, really happy with my wine, appetizer, and entree. On the other hand, the poppadom was stale and the service was...weird.I would say that when my boo and I walked in, we were *greeted* by a host/server, but even though a young lady walked up to us, she just stared. We were eventually seated, and served the soggy poppadom.A different server approached the table and stared at us again. (It reminded me of that Seinfeld episode at the Chinese restaurant when Elaine is dared to steal food from a table but she just ends up staring at them, frozen.)After asking if she recommended the mutter paneer or the paneer makani and being told that they were basically the same thing (um, okay), I got the mutter paneer and it was DELICIOUS. I was very happy to take half of it home. The samosa chat was also excellent.The quality of the food really saves this place (and their star rating) because the service alone does not make me want to go back.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,2/12/2014,27,49,6,10,6>Without many Asian options in the triangle area, this place is definitely the place to go if you're looking for Asian groceries in Durham.  Their prices aren't amazing, and their selection isn't like that of an Asian market in San Francisco, but it's the best there is for a few miles.  My usual things to get here are the veggies and mushrooms.  Don't think you'll be finding enoki mushrooms in Kroger any time soon.  Another staple here are the frozen bags of dumplings, they were 4 for $10, or at least they used to be.  Super cheap.  The best part about this place is that they have real food.  The lunch is flavorful, cheap, and enough for two! I pass up the other chinese food options in favor of this place.  The bakery options are tasty, steamed and baked buns, pineapple buns, custard buns, etc.  If I lived closer, I think I'd go here everyday.  It's close to Chuck E Cheese, though.  (not sure if that's relevant)
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,2/11/2014,135,254,3,7,5>"A highlight of the Durham Farmer's Market with amazing, inexpensive desserts"I always LOVE stopping at Emma's Desserts-- they have a wonderful selection of full-size or single-serving sized pies, cakes, muffins, everything!  This place has it all-- super-friendly people, absolutely delicious products, and very low prices.  I bought a small banana muffin there today for literally 50 cents, and a large one for $1.50!  I also LOVE their sweet potato pies (kind of like a sweet empanada)-- small ones for $1.50 or big ones for $3.  Check it out and see for yourself!
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,2/10/2014,167,179,5,9,5>So the "lounge" part was misleading. What you see when you pull up is a largish cinder block room sitting on a gravel driveway with cars scattered around (parking spaces aren't outlined here).I got a slightly sketchy vibe when we pulled up, my husband got it to. But it was 8 o'clock on a Friday night and we figured we should at least have one beer to give it a fair shake. 2 beers later I realized that I had completely misjudged the place! Sure it's is a little rough around the edges and it looks like the setting for a Dateline Murder Mystery but the people are friendly, the beer is cold and they serve hard alcohol! The night we were there was a karaoke night and what everyone lacked in talent they more than made up for in spirit. We had our beers, played some pool, met some folks and had an awesome night overall. It's worth mentioning though, this bar is not for everyone. This is a quintessential neighborhood dive-bar, there are no bells and whistles there are no frills and thrills. So if you're looking for a bare knuckles kind of place look no further!
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,2/9/2014,45,521,,5,3>I'm not a big fan of chicken, and I generally judge chicken by the standards of the Canadian chain Swiss Chalet -- which, judge as ye may, is mighty tasty (even for a chain restaurant).But there was not a single molecule of chicken left on the bone after my quarter chicken dinner from Mami Nora's last night. This is juicy, flavorful chicken the way it's meant to be, with a wonderful seasoning on the skin that left me prowling around for more.I had the fried plantains and the black beans as well, and these were the perfect sides.I don't often get the hankering for chicken ... but I can see that tide changing. And I'll be headed to Moni Nora's when it does!
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,2/8/2014,44,284,4,9,4>Someone's taking over downtown.  All in favor of renaming S. Wilmington St. to A. Christensen Ave, say "Aye."  Now I'm no coffee connoisseur, but I do enjoy the occasional coffee; not to wake me up or keep me going, just for taste.  We came for brunch on their first Saturday, and it was packed the whole time.  For an opening weekend and the packed house, things ran pretty smoothly.  A few expected hiccups, but nothing out of the ordinary.  We had the Australian Iced Latte, which is almost like an affogato (espresso and gelato), Kilimanjaro pour over, Hangover, and the Peach hotcake.  I would just come back for the Australian iced latte, though it was a touch pricey at $6.50.  The brunch items were pretty standard though they tasted good and were perfect for the menu.The coffee being the main draw, I half-expected a little more lounge space, and less of a restaurant.  Maybe they re-arrange for non-brunch hours.  The space itself is cool and theme typical of her other restaurants - exposed brick all around, topped off with antique copper ceiling tiles.  The coffee counter is open and spacious, complete with open shelving and littered with coffee paraphernalia that would make any java addict drool.  Coffee hounds will like the coffee listed out on the menu, and the rookies (like me) will appreciate the description of the coffees and brewing methods best suited for the beans.  There isn't much in the way of customization listed on the menu, though if you wanted it a certain way, they will likely accommodate it.  Just don't ask for a frappuccino-no-water-sugar-free-fat-free-soy-milk-­chai-tea-latte in a to-go cup with a green straw.4 stars for the completely open space and great brunch items, and, of course, great coffee.  Some chill space would be great, though there is some non-table space.  This is a place that will generate plenty of buzz.  Check it out for yourself.Future stuff apparently will include more light cafe fare, as well as cocktails
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,2/7/2014,79,87,2,6,2>I've been following this Brewery since it's inception on Kickstarter, and after they successfully funded their brewery, I was excited about how this place would end up.I can say I was pleasantly surprised when I first walked through the large garage-style entrance. The location is a bit out of the way since I live near Peace College, so I usually never go near this area of downtown Raleigh, but this brewery makes it worth it. Be careful where you park and read all of the signs along the street - every time I've been to the brewery the parking cop is out in full force ticketing cars. The front of the bar has plenty of seating inside and outside. They also have their brewery equipment in full-view which makes you fully aware that you are inside an actual brewery. Crank Arm is centered around bicycling (and beer, of course) and features really cool wall art inside. The beer prices are a little steep but I think they are trying to pull a profit while attracting a good group of people, so I won't knock off a start for it. Right now, they offer many of their own beer but only a couple of beers from other breweries. My favorite beer so far is their single IPA "Unicycle". Mmm...hops.  Overall it's a great addition to an otherwise unworthy area of downtown and I'm excited about their future.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,7/1/2013,39,118,,6,2>I've lived in Hillsborough nearly my entire life. Except for a brief five year stint in Charlotte, but since Panciuto had opened I had wanted to try it. Finally I make it in. It was nearly empty when I arrived, so my mom and I were seated immediately. Our drink orders were taken, I got the Carolina Zip. North Carolina gin, ginger ale with a muddled lemon. I never drink gin but it was local, had to try it. This drink was ridiculously good. Not very boozy, not very sweet a great combination. For an appetizer we ordered the Meat and Cheese plate. Which came with way to much for me to list but I will say the fried goat cheese with fig jam was very nice. My favorite was the potted rabbit, which could be a strong contender for one of the best things I eat this year. Extremely rich, creamy with a bit of light spice. I wanted to eat every last drop of it. We both ended up ordering pasta as our entrees. Turkey ragu and pork bolognese ravioli. Both were outstanding and the pasta was cooked perfectly. I am glad I finally got to eat at Panciuto. I love the rustic feel of the restaurant, yes the prices might be high for some Hillsboroughites but this is in no way a pretentious restaurant. Yes there were many things on the menu that are impossible to pronounce, but none of it was intimidating. The fact that all the ingredients come from within 50 miles is another plus, a true LOCAL restaurant. I can not wait to come back again, it is a restaurant everyone can enjoy. From foodies to well, people who eat.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,6/30/2013,22,92,,6,5>Our first trip to the Angus Barn was this past Autumn when we considering it as a potential wedding venue. It is so beautiful and we could easily see our wedding there, but there was a big problem - the venue and food cost would eat up our entire budget and then some!We decided that since we couldn't afford an Angus Barn Pavilion wedding, then we would do the next best thing - celebrate 7 years together and have our anniversary dinner there. I am so glad that I made a reservation because even at 6:30 the whole place was packed! The parking lot was very tights, but we didn't want to park valet. The seating hostess greeted us, congratulated us on our anniversary and then we were seated right away. I was hoping for a tour around the dining rooms and lounges, but on such a busy night that was not available. Based on the menu prices, I was expecting more upscale decor and atmosphere, but it is close to an upscale Cracker Barrel. Our waiter started us with drinks, crackers with two different cheese spreads and a plate of olives/celery/peppers. Next was the salad and soup course. I had the spinach salad and Aaron had the sweet potato bisque. Both were delicious as was the bacon wrapped filet Oscar that I ordered and the short ribs that Aaron ordered for dinner.After we finished the main course our waiter brought over a petite pound cake topped with cream, strawberries with candles on behalf of the Angus Barn. This was such a nice touch! There is a full dessert menu, but we were delighted with our complimentary celebratory cake. It helped to make the evening even more special. After we finished our cake and coffee we walked around the tiny country store in search of a memento, but didn't find anything that stood out to us.The website says, "The Angus Barn Experience goes far beyond serving meals...We are in the memory business - making and creating unforgettable memories for you - our guest." For us, this was true and we are so glad that we celebrated our anniversary there this year!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,6/29/2013,60,146,2,3,2>This place was good and chill. Their hummus is really good! We ordered a few items... Chicken shawarma -- Really goodSpicy T Wrap --- The best out of these itemsLamb gyro - Pretty good but liked the others betterFalafel gyro -- I asked them to add hummus in the pita with the falafel and it was good. I have had better falafel but it was not bad. They do have combos with a side and drink for a few bucks more. Will go back! The staff was really nice.They do have lunch specials, during the week. Check it out!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2013,6/28/2013,13,101,,4,2>I love the concept of Coglin's, which is all 80s and 90s music, all the time. (They did throw in a few early 2000s songs, but the crowd was happy, so I guess the DJ is entitled to do that.) I arrived at 9:30 on a Friday and it was already heading toward packed. By 11, people were everywhere. The bar has two main areas: the front area with the big bar, which is kept dark and strobey, and the back area, which is more lit up and contains some extra seating and the cash bar. The booths, seats, and couches are very nice and look new. I find this ambiance with one light and one dark room to be a little strange because it makes it seem a bit like they can't pick a concept.Drink prices are solidly average. Three mixed drinks (two wells and one name brand) came to $22. One weird thing that might be some building related aspect I don't get is that an employee carrying recycling pushed past us and other patrons at least 3 or 4 times in the course of the night to take the recycling out the back door (this requires going from that front room to the back one, so it affected a lot of people there). Since I've never seen this at another bar, there has to be a better system for it... I assume? I don't know. But I thought it warranted a mention because I did notice it as a customer.The music, while GREAT for dancing, is SUPER LOUD. Yelling in your neighbor's ear loud. Hoarse the next day in your vocal cords loud. Don't take a date here for a quiet evening. But, you know, after you've wined and dined and gotten to know each other, do bring them here for some nostalgia-tinged booty shaking, and you won't regret it.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,6/27/2013,57,63,,4,2>This place is great.  The staff is incredibly knowledgeable and has always steered me in the right direction when buying wine.  I've never had a bad bottle that was recommended by their staff.  The red-tag discounts are awesome too!  You can save $$$ by utilizing the 25% off Red-Tag dicount on the case, including mix-n-match with other red tag items.   All-in-all, if you like wine and want to try new wines, check out this place; the staff will help you pick out a good bottle in the price range you want .I've recently moved to Durham and I am hoping they will open a store out here :)
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,6/26/2013,109,358,,5,3>As a Durham resident I stumbled upon Capital Creations by accident. I work off Capital in Raleigh and was desperate for good pizza. I happily located the website through Yelp and put in a custom small pizza and  house salad order.  I just need to say right away they clearly use very fresh ingredients here. I was really impressed by the use of fresh spinach, mushroom and garlic on the pizza. I clearly tasted the difference. The salad was amazing and also bursting with flavor.I just discovered that they do have delivery which I was unaware of and am very excited about. I look forward to trying the different menu items. I would also love if they had an actual restaurant but love the offerings. Thanks Yelp for turning me on to this great find!
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,6/25/2013,56,201,,5,3>Easy access to parking - even if you're running a tad late...Plentiful ushers to assist you, although the seating is very well marked...Comfortable seating...Excellent acoustics...Easy egress after the show.What's not to love?
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,6/24/2013,174,1518,,5,4>I've been looking forward to this spot opening for months, pining from across the street at Open Eye. The day has arrived! I came here on a Tuesday evening with some friends. There was trivia happening. The place was pretty packed--not a seat available. Once trivia ended, people left, and there were more places to sit, but on a beautiful spring evening, everyone wanted to be outside. That might be a consideration for the future: more outdoor space. It was also nice when the brewer turned down the lights later in the evening. It was kind of bright for 10pm. Talked to the brewer, and he was a nice guy. He mentioned there will be some pretty sweet bluegrass music on various nights.The beer here was very good, superior to others in the area. I'm just happy it's so close to home! I enjoyed the IPA most. Evidently you can take your own food here because they don't serve anything.Overall, the place is hoppin right now with new business. I'm not sure they have found their identity yet, but that will come. I hope Steel String stays around for a long time!
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,6/23/2013,89,190,3,5,6>Aladdin's has never let us down in the 2 years we've been eating there. From the veggie platters, to shwarma, to hot pitas, everything is absolutely delicious. I recommend also leaving room for desert as they have so many amazing cakes to choose from!Go at lunch for a lite crowd with fast serve and immediate seating!
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2012,6/22/2013,223,633,,6,4>It's interesting to me that the slogan here is "Not a Trend.  An institution".  Because I would define Irregardless as both.  They were so much a trend before trends were trends.  Especially where vegetarian/vegan is concerned.  It's hard to conceive when you look at Raleigh today, but some of us remember a time when the only pasta you could buy in town was spaghetti...and vegetarian (let alone vegan) was not only abnormal, but hippy-central.  And Irregardless was not afraid of that.  They led the pack.  Tahini?  Red tea?  Bean Sprouts?  Things like that were way beyond Raleigh-times when Irregardless served them up.    Today, this old building has been comfortably updated (note that at one point this building suffered a serious fire that closed it down for awhile...owners were kind enough to make sure their employees got paid even when they weren't working)  Personally, I've always felt extra fond of them for having that kind of integrity.  The other thing Irregardless has always been known for is an everyday changing menu depending on what was fresh at the Farmer's Market.  (again, way before their time where local and fresh is concerned).  Which meant the menu changed daily.  Now there are daily specials, but the fixed menu is full of wonderfully refined dishes.  We thoroughly enjoyed every one that we shared on a recent Friday night.  Three of us shared the Vidalia Onion Pizza appetizer (YUM!)...Sorry that the pic posted doesn't do this justice.  All of us LOVED it.  We also shared the Shepherd's Pie, Chile Relleno and the Cauliflower Trio.  All Vegetarian.  All so original and very very good.  Probably the biggest hit for all three of us was the relleno...bursting with flavor!   For dessert we shared Bourbon Pecan Pie and Grand Marnier Creme Brulee.  The only mild disappointment was a lack of Grand Marier flavor.  We couldn't detect any.  Tasted like a vanilla one to us. Certainly good, yet lacking in orange flavor.  The pie was amazing.   With reasonable prices and excellent service, I can highly recommend a meal here!  Oh, and ours came complete with live music...an extra perk!
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,10/14/2012,199,740,,8,4>Yippee!!! Fig is finally open!Fig is a new wine bar and cafe in Wake Forest where The Well used to be located on Main Street. It is such a great locale in an old, refinished house with wood finishing. The floors are old and creeky which just adds to the charm.When you walk in, it may be a bit confusing as it looks just like The Well where you can order your coffee at the door. The staff was pleasant and helped us figure out how to work the wine situation. The wine situation is you, placing money on a card, using that card to enter a machine where you pick your wine by size, a taste or 3 oz, or 6 oz glass, each a different cost. They have a decent selection of wines although while I have been there twice, they have had problems with the bottles either dropping from service in the machine or running out so you have to go and let someone know that it is out so they can change it. Not a terrible experience but for the price you are paying per glass, you want to have it with more ease.You can also get coffee and espresso drinks here, and I noticed when leaving they have a drive thru for coffee which I will def be hitting up in the mornings! The second time I went, my friends both got paninis and said they were great. They have a tapas menu which looks yummy!I cannot wait to continue hitting up Fig in Wake Forest for wine, coffee, scrumptious tapas, and pastries! I'm sure as they are open longer the kinks will all get worked out.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,10/13/2012,22,56,1,9,5>This place is "DA BOM".  It's cheap, incredibly delicious, and if you order the right things can actually be not too bad for you.  I typically go with one or two other people and get the whole chicken with two sides for $13.50.  That is cheap for two people but can easily feed three for less than $5 per person.  Some tricks are that you can order rice with beans on them as one side and sometimes they will make hot wings if you ask for them.  Also, it is great cheap way to bring someone or a family dinner that everyone will enjoy.  As for sides I go fries, rice with beans on top, sweet plantains or the coleslaw (best coleslaw ever surprisingly).   Also mix the sauces.  The white and green mixed or the white sauce with hot sauce mixed in are both awesome.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,10/12/2012,160,383,,5,2>Wow! Amazing! Perfect! I cannot use enough describing words to encourage anyone who reads this to try this restaurant. This is the closest thing to Italian food I have had yet in Raleigh...It is delicious! This gem was a find only because a friend told me about it - it is in a not-so-happy shopping plaza on Capital blvd. If my friend had not referred me I would have never tried it!Being that I went for lunch buffet I was able to sample many different dishes, and sample I did! Probably a little too much sampling! Everything from the pizza to the lasagna to the cold salad bar was incredible. I cannot believe the selection that they had - around 10 hot dishes, three types of pizza, two different calzones, cold salad bar with cold pastas, lettuce, fresh tomatoes and cucumbers. The hot dishes are something to write about - sausage and peppers, tortellini Alfredo, sausage and beef meatballs, and some of the best lasagna I have ever had. It truly was a treat to have such well made, and tasty Italian food! Wow! $9.99 for this weekday tasting extravaganza. Totally incredible!One of the things I truly like about this delicious spot is the fact that they have been in business 17 years and it is all word-of-mouth. I spoke with Josephine, an owner, when I was there and briefly explained that they do not advertise and focus directly on customers being happy. In addition, her cuisine is 95% Sicilian influence, some of the best Italian-type of dishes I have had! In addition, Josephine talked about her wine tasting that I may take part in as well - five courses with a glass of wine paired with each meal. I will be a life-long customer from now on - a Sicilian family just trying to get their piece of the American dream. Truly a find and an absolute recommendation
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2012,10/11/2012,8,68,,5,2>Located in the original North Hills shopping square off of Lassiter, Midtown Grille looks upscale but relatively unassuming. In muted gray the interior has accents of glass, blackened woods, and white linen table clothes at dinner. What sets the restaurant apart is the presentation and quality of the food. I had a crab cake appetizer that had sweet corn, red pepper, and a rioli garnish, and swordfish with risotto for my main entree. Both were prepared with meticulous attention to detail and tasted great. (The pictures shown below are not a good representation of their fare at all!) As to service, we were very impressed by our waiter. He had a warm outgoing manner. Our drinks and meal was delivered by two other servers that were equally professional and courteous. I'd definitely go back.Here are somethings that I will mention just so that you're "in the know":If you're tall, don't sit at a table in the center section of the restaurant, one of the banquette tables is probably be most preferable. The table I sat at didn't allow my legs to be positioned perpendicular to the floor. The table tops are thick and make the distance too short for a man over 6 feet to sit at comfortably. It also seemed that the three booths they had were designed to be fairly tight in the space provided, so if you're a bigger person you'd likely feel cramped. (I'm not huge, 6-2 200#, so perhaps I watch for these things more than others) Although it seemed too warm for us to sit outside, there is seating on the front sidewalk that is covered, and looks very inviting. On a cool evening this might be a great place to sit.By the way. Why isn't Midtowne Grille listed among the restaurants at North Hills? They have a directory at northhillsraleigh.com/in…, but it isn't shown among the choices. I would think the developer would be happy to have this tenant as part of their offering.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,10/10/2012,69,194,,5,3>I dropped in the other morning with a couple of friends. We were pleasantly surprised with the availability of parking in front of the restaurant. Once we all entered, we were greeted by a store employee with menus, but you had to order & pay at the front. We took our seats at the long, wavy table in the middle of the restaurant.I ordered the "California Omelette". I was given the option of choosing grits or hash browns, but I chose the latter. I'm always iffy about trying grits, since there is a 50/50 chance that they will be awesome (aka full of butter) OR grainy. I also got a coffee -- which you self-serve at the dispensers at the left side of the restaurant. It was weird that the cups were already next to the coffee & tea dispensers -- since you normally have to pay first to get a cup. I guess the place is easier to monitor if anyone decides to sneak a cup of coffee/tea without paying.We all got our food pretty fast! My omelette was awesome and full of veggies! I was SO full after eating this massive dish -- no doggie bag this time! The hash browns were average -- they didn't have any seasoning. Next time, I'll be sure to order the "cheddar & onion" grits! I was a bit jealous of the "Hearty Breakfast" my boyfriend ordered -- since it had a ton of turkey sausage in it, and I had no meat in mine (a travesty!). The employees were all really nice and attentive -- asking us if we were enjoying our food and quickly swiping away our dirty dishes. The ambiance inside was great -- a lot of space and interesting, original paintings for sale on the walls. I had my eye on the "squirrel with a nut" painting in a corner. Hehe. If the communal table wasn't available, I'm not sure where a large group would sit. It would be great if there was another big table for groups.I'll definitely be back to try the Sunday brunch menu, as well as try the "Thanksgiving" sandwich!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,10/9/2012,77,189,2,5,5>Mrs. B and I hit up Calavera after a night of the Hopscotch Festival for a late night bite. The food were so good we went back the next night and between the two of us we tried all the empanadas they offer with the exception of the key lime. They were all delicious!At $3 I was expecting something small, but as we were waiting for ours on the first night I saw them bring some out to another table and was surprised by the size of them. A touch smaller than your average croissant, they are large enough to give you a few good bites of the tasty goodness inside.The staff were all very friendly. The atmosphere is modern, but still warm and inviting. I was pretty enthralled by the lucha libre dvd they had playing on one of the TVs in the dining room upstairs.We will definitely be hitting up Calavera again. My biggest regret is that it took me this long to get there in the first place.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2012,10/8/2012,170,196,4,5,6>Went here on 80s night during their Wednesday night open skate. I have not been roller skating since the mid 90s, and I was really brought back to my youth with the old four wheel skates.  The prices were reasonable, $7 for the night, including rental. If you wanted inline skates it was $1 more.This place was a little run down and dirty but that was kind of part of the charm. You can tell it's just as old as the activity.  Skating is a thing of the past and you were literally brought back in time at this place. They played great 80s music, and dimmed the lights down low to intensify the vibe. The demographic of the crowd was all over the place, a lot of elementary aged kids, families, young adults and some middle agers. There were a lot of regulars and it was easy to tell who those people were, and I actually found it slightly humorous that there were so many.  The thought of going to 80s skate every Wednesday over and over again is quite frankly a little bizarre to me.  However, if you are looking for a great place to hang out every once in a while Jellybeans is a good time!Just a warning ladies, the bathrooms are beyond gross, hold it if you can! Snack bar is super cheap, again a little dirty, but they have snow cones!! May be back here again next time I want to pretend I'm in middle school again!
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,10/7/2012,71,255,,3,3>My husband and I had dinner here before seeing a show at Cat's Cradle. Veggies and omnivores alike will love this place for it's expansive menu and awesome drink specials! They had $2.95 wells on Friday.  Woo!I got the sweet potato and black bean chimichangas and they were delicious! The dish has 2 large chimichangas and I really wanted to finish them both, but I had to stop at one and a half! The service was friendly and quick as well. I will definitely come here again next time I am in Carrboro!One thing I would warn patrons about is that the building has an odd shape and seating is a little tight. Seating could be difficult if you use a wheelchair or if you have a large stroller with you. There are only a few tables near the front that have wider spaces in between them.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,10/6/2012,56,90,,2,4>This is THE place to go if you're looking for craft/crazy/off-the-wall beers ... their beer selection is almost overwhelming, in the best of ways! It's a tiny little spot located right off 9th Street, and if you didn't know any better, you'd have no clue this place was jammed pack full of all kinds of beer.The staff is always helpful if you're looking for something in particular, and everyone you see in the store is super friendly.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2012,10/5/2012,185,276,,4,3>This seems to be the better cook-out of the three I've been to. I do love the one on Western Blvd in Raleigh--- but that's just because I went to NC State and there's manyyyy memories of late nights at cook-out. My friends even brought their cat to cook out one night after going to the bar. Ha ha ha.Anyway- cook out in Durham on Hillsborough Rd always gets my order right. Their grilled chicken sandwiches are juicy and never too dry or anything. Their cheese fries are OMG good. Their milkshakes are freaking delicious. I don't even like ice cream all that much.. but their chocolate malt and banana pudding one is incredible! For like $5 a tray.. you cannot beat that. No where can you get a meal around $5. We love you cook-out. You are so cool.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2013,11/19/2013,264,1065,3,8,5>Mei Asian is the best Chinese food in Chapel Hill.  This might be the equivalent of BATE Borisov being the best soccer team in Belarus, but BATE is pretty good at what they do.  So is Mei Asian.  Neither can help the fact that everything around them isn't as good.   So they continue to do what they do.  BATE makes it to the group stages of the UEFA Champions League, and Mei Asian makes good lunch food. So let's talk about that lunch food.  Mei Asian offers lunch.  For $7.95, you can get some good food, like chicken and broccoli.  It's yummy too, not too filling, and you can choose your rice, and for a little extra get things like salad or soup.  So you should go to Mei Asian.  If you want the BATE Borisov (or Sheriff Tiraspol if you're more a fan of Moldovan soccer) of Chapel Hill Chinese places, this is the place to go.  In terms of location, Mei Asian is located in the place where Front Porch used to be, near that door where you can get to R&R (there was a bank there, but it's gone now).
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,11/18/2013,24,82,,10,4>Produce from local farms, goods from local vendors and artisans, and food trucks galore.  If you've read my review of the City of Durham, you know I love (really, really LOVE) this city, and the Durham Farmers Market is the perfect mix of everything that makes Durham, well, Durham.Locals supporting locals (even if they aren't from Durham, proper) and a party atmosphere that had everyone is sight grinning, in spite of the rain, is what we saw on our first trip to the Market.But atmosphere is only half of what makes a trip to the Durham Farmers Market worth it.  The other half is what makes you want to go back, the quality of the produce is amazing.  Anymore, buying a tomato at a supermarket means you have a perfectly shaped, red-skinned, pink fleshed water bomb that most folks wouldn't be able to identify by taste alone.  All of the tomatoes we saw were kind of oddly shaped, with no uniformity to be had, but the flavor, oh sweet produce-salvation, the flavor!!  Sure, it made a perfect BLT, but the remaining slices, with a just touch of salt were exactly what summer in the South should taste like.And it doesn't end at tomatoes; peppers, both sweet and hot, corn, squash and zucchini, potatoes, including varieties I'd never heard of, and so much fruit; peaches, berries, plums, and anything else in season.  The selection really was staggering.  The only thing the State Farmers Market has over Durham is quantity.  Really, that's it.Whether you want great produce, or just want a glimpse of how we do it in Durham, and why we love it, get down to the Durham Farmers Market, you'll wonder why you didn't go sooner...
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,11/17/2013,32,168,3,8,7>I've been the biscuit-seeking Goldilocks searching for the perfect one in the Triangle, but none seemed quite right.  The biscuits at Rise?  Too firm and slightly bland.  The biscuits at Watt's/Hummingbird?  Too salty/buttery/Ritz cracker.  The biscuits at Sunrise?  Just right.  Warm, melt-in-your-mouth, buttery (but not to a Ritz cracker extreme), heavenly.  Get the chicken biscuit and it will haunt your dreams.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,11/16/2013,346,337,1,10,5>"Small Urban Sustainable Farm"An errand in Apex had me driving by LL Urban Farms. One the way home, I decided to stop in to check out their produce since I was low on berries. I'm so glad I did. LL Urban Farm was a very pleasant surprise that exceeded by expectations. First of all, the guys working at the small roadside 'stand' where very friendly making me feel welcome like an old family friend. They were also helpful and they exuded a genuine excitement about their business and offerings. I only wanted some strawberries but I left with bags of veggies, strawberries, and fish fresh from the coast. The produce is organic. Yay! The strawberries were sweet and juicy. I made a delicious salad from the hydroponically grown butter head lettuce, which LL Urban Farm grows on their property. I'm not a fan of hydroponic lettuce since I have found them either bland or bitter but not in this case. This lettuce was great. I was interested in the fish selection and the older congenial 'farmer' walked me over to this large white freezer and gave me the rundown on all the fish they had in stock. I bought some tuna, scallops, and shrimp. My husband and I ate the seafood over the next few days and we extremely satisfied with the taste and quality of the fish. The tuna was especially good. I'm guessing because of its freshness and never have been frozen. In addition to veggies, fruit, and fish, they offer cheese, meat, honey, and flour and grits. Also they have a couple dozen chickens providing eggs.I joined their mailing list to receive periodic updates on their fresh Bounty from land and sea. LL Urban Farm is an amazing small farm located across the street from Fairview Greenhouse & Garden Center. If you live near by or are in the area, you have to check out this new up and coming cornucopia of organic, local crops and goods.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,11/15/2013,136,284,4,4,5>I shone the Cupcake Signal into the sky and GoodyBox heeded my call. I'm a dessert junkie and I'm so glad this adorable little shop is in my neck of the woods. No more driving 20 minutes for a fix.We stopped into GoodyBox on their 2nd day open, and tried 2 cupcakes out on the sidewalk while we took a much-needed break from moving apartments. I went for the Assaulted Brunette (Dark chocolate cake filled with caramel topped with a caramel buttercream, drizzled with caramel and fleur de sel) and Jay ordered a Cookie Monster (Brown sugar chocolate chip cake topped with a chocolate chip cookie dough buttercream and a chocolate chip cookie). There are few things better in life than caramel and brown sugar, so we were incredibly satisfied with our choices. Owner/baker/designer Crystal definitely knows her way around an icing; her toppings are truly the stand out of this new spot. Swiss meringue buttercream could probably create world peace, if we'd let it.About 3 days later, my ever-understanding man brought home three more GoodyBox treats (because Tuesdays are hard!) We tried:+Pretty in Pink: Strawberry cake filled with strawberry filling topped with a strawberry buttercream and pink pearls+Devil in Disguise: Red Velvet cake topped with cream cheese buttercream+Darth Cookie Monster:  Chocolate cake, caramel filling, cookie dough buttercream, dipped in crushed cookies.Pretty in Pink and Devil in Disguise were phenomenal, and while delicious, the Darth was a bit over the top for my tastes. Every cake we've tried has been moist perfection, even when picked up later in the day! Crystal's icing is so light, flavorful and every bite makes you wish there was more of it.Check out GoodyBox's website for the daily menu and their Facebook page for pics good enough to make you text your significant other for an emergency cupcake pickup. Welcome to the neighborhood GB Cupcakes; so glad you're here!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,11/14/2013,49,212,5,5,9>last night was my first time visiting C-Grace ever, and I was throughly impressed from the door to the back parlour room...when I think of words to describe this place whimsey, enchantment, passions, sexy, warm, intimate, are all words that come to mind but they somehow still dont feel like enough.Theres an adult feeling I get when I have my whiskey sour in hand my midnight blue cocktail dress and pearl adorned but I still look around and think to myself 'gosh, how wonderful all these peoples lives must be' as the cran their neck in close together.  Their words hanging from sexy lips to sexy ears, woman lips twisted, always striking just right displaying the essences of coyness, Charm, and Mystic.  I theme I believe throughly enbodies the mood and allure of C-Grace.To Drink: (I was a busy girl last night)Whiskey Sour - Warm, and lingering, I like a nice whiskey flavor with out to much sour they mastered it.Her Revenge - The Absinthe in this totally makes the diffrence and the lavender is a perky addition to a usuall bland flavorEarls Tea- dreamy, kinda bitter and sweet and totally relaxing like a real cup of teaPlanters Punch - Very refreshing and MUCH sweeter than the others on this list if you like sweeter.  Very tropical and you get an umbrella :DHavana Special - spicy, heavy of the booze flavor which I like my date not so much but we both still enjoyed it.Silver Gin Fizz - This had a much lighter flavor, very refreshing and sweet
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,11/13/2013,92,132,,4,3>Ye Olde Waffle Shoppe is an institution for the folks from UNC wanting to get a nice dose of breakfast before the big games.  It has been serving the area for well over 25 years and both times I have been here I had to wait for a table but it wasn't terrible, about 10 minutes both times.  The turnover at the tables is quick enough that the line shouldn't deter you.The food is above average for the genre and is far more expansive than just waffles, my personal favorite are the sausage biscuits although I really don't have a point of comparison here since I didn't have them in NYC.  The waffles here are classier and a bit better put together than Waffle House, but come at a slightly more expensive cost. You can easily squeeze out $15 for breakfast for 2 on a budget though, not bad considering you will be full until dinner.  Worth hitting up if you are in the area.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,11/12/2013,184,182,,3,2>Started off rocky with no service for 10 minutes.  Notified the manager and they could not find the person who was supposed to be our server.  Another server took over - Ugo, from Capri, Italy.  He already had 5 tables, so I was skeptical. Service and food were both outstanding! Started off with the charcuterie and cheese (very nice), and had a pizza app, Quattro Stagione. Fooled by main courses, NY Strip - very tender, and the special, which was pork loin with mascarpone polenta, both delicious.  Free profiteroles for checking in on Yelp. Espresso macchiatos.  Very good meal.  Moderately busy for a Monday night.  Prices are in line with the quality of the food.  We will be back to this place.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,11/11/2013,75,120,,4,2>My friend and I arrived after the lunch rush so it was pretty dead, but I really liked the decor and ambiance of what seemed (since I've never actually been to Ireland) like an actual Irish pub.The menu is a pretty green color (my favorite) and easy-to-read. I had the veggie reuben which was actually really good. Since I stopped eating meat, that means no real reubens, but this "fake" reuben satisfied me instead. What's really cool about this restaurant is that they really and truly cook. Their recipes and creations are unique, they bake some of their own bread, AND grind their own meat for burgers. The quality of their food is great, and, for lunch, it'll get you full for a reasonable price. After skimming through a few other reviews, I guess TIr Na Nog has some fun events going on at night, so I'm definitely coming back for dinner!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,11/10/2013,13,101,3,5,3>Hey, I'm a regular! And I've only lived in Durham for three weeks! Impressive.I live within walking distance of Cocoa Cinnamon and I'm going to be a frequent visitor. I love the space, the outdoor seating, the drinks, and the baristas. So far, I've tried the Kallari hot chocolate (awesome) and two of the teas, both iced. Usually, I've been there in the evening, and there has never been a line of more than two people. Maybe I'm just going at the wrong times to experience this packed atmosphere?If you want a grab-it-and-go experience, you're not in the right shop! This isn't for when you have five minutes to get to work and need caffeine. It's when you want to hang out in a great cafe and savor your experience--and it's perfect for that!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,6/1/2013,43,194,,7,3>I finally got a chance to try Beasley's this weekend with my husband. It was a really good meal and lived up to my high expectations.We went on a Friday night and only had a five minute wait. The restaurant was very crowded. We both went for the quarter fried chicken (white meat) and ordered the pimento mac and cheese custard and the pinto beans. My husband ordered a Stroh's to go with his meal. I am a huge fan of the Beasley's honey white from Fullsteam, but did not feel like a beer.The fried chicken was good and very unique with the honey poured over the top. I would not say the best fried chicken I've ever had (can't beat my Grandma's!) but still very good. The Mac and cheese was possibly my favorite Mac and cheese I have ever eaten, tasted very strongly of pimento cheese, which I love. The pinto beans were also delicious, with a very smokey flavor.Our server was very friendly and the food came out only about five minutes after we ordered. This seems like a place that can get people in and out very quickly. My husband and I both found the price a little high ($11 for the chicken and one side) for what it was. One small thing that bothers me is their lack of sweet tea since all of their food is Southern food. That's just a minor complaint though and definitely not something that will stop me from coming back again.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,5/31/2013,2,6,5,12,7>Edgy. Cool. Quiet. All words I'd use to describe the Indy coffee shop Caffè Driade.The atmosphere (the most important part of a coffee shop) is palpable, in a good way. The light, airy feel and dark lighting made it easy for me to retreat into my own head and write this. The smell of coffee and the outside air mixing is uber relaxing after my long weekend with the family. The hip Euro pop playing in the background is delightful and I feel myself swaying back and forth to the beat. Soft voices makes sure silence is never achieved and I welcome it. No one wants total silence I think. This place walks a fine line between ambient and distracting noise, but never crosses it. The indoor space is small but not cramped allowing you to find a little nook to plug in and enjoy a latte. The real magic is outside though. I arrived around twilight and grabbed a table outdoors. It was absolutely magical to watch the sunlight fade to dark around me. The string lights on the lower patio give enough light to see clearly, but still remain dim and muted. It's pure serenity down here, I'm all alone. The upper patio has better lighting and it's more alive up there. I moved to the upper one because I like the noise. I can't comment on the alcohol because sadly, I'm not of legal drinking age. My latte however, is heavenly. It's just right. ^_^ I hate the burnt taste of Starbucks. This tastes like real coffee, but has a creamy, rich quality about it. It goes down smooth, leaving a pleasant aftertaste and warms me from the inside-out. It was gone before the first paragraph was written haha. I'm left wanting more.The staff is friendly and efficient. Greeting each guest enthusiastically, moving skillfully on autopilot. There were three people ahead of me and I had my coffee in under 10 minutes! Wow, that's what I call service!The only issue I had is that wifi isn't free. It's 4 bucks an hour! If you plan on coming in to get some work done online, be prepared to really shell out or pay 6 bucks for the day. It's not a huge issue, but I don't get 3G inside so it makes it hard for me to do much of anything. :pOn a final note, I could spend hours here. The coffee is so so, but time seems to slip by faster than I can blink. I love it here and I'm definitely coming back at least once a week. This is your best bet for a place to unwind or get some work done without the distractions of the workplace. I'd give it a 4.7, but I'll round up. :)
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,5/30/2013,339,140,1,7,2>While I've never had a hankering to head to Philadelphia, I can definitely appreciate a Philly cheesesteak. What's that? Do I want mushrooms on it as well? Yes sir I do! Despite being located in a strip mall in the nether region between Cary and Raleigh over off Tryon Road, this place has that mom & pop/juke joint feel to it. I'm a bread, beef & cheese kind of guy so if you can't make a cheesesteak I like, we need to talk. Perfectly grilled, and the bread was melting in my mouth along with the cheese. I didn't even mind the onions which I would have usually requested none of. After all, I didn't want to mess around with the recipe right? I got it quick and the staff were friendly enough without being evasive. You know what I am talking about. Definitely on my to do again list.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,5/29/2013,46,129,2,3,4>There are so many trails on the Eno. I have found trails perfect for the difficulty level I want on the particular day. This is a great place to take your dog but don't forget the bag (yuck!). Venturing into this state park and discovering the wooded trails has made living in Durham a treat. Being so close to such a great park is amazing! I would recommend anyone in the area to pick up a trail map and poke around a bit.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,5/28/2013,29,143,2,7,4>Went here last night for the first time to see one of my favorite bands who made their first appearance in Raleigh, NC. I was not sure what to expect, but Jeff assured me it was very nice, and there would be plenty of seating for me when I felt I needed it (36 weeks preggo). The show was not crowded, so we just walked right in, handed over our tix, and showed our IDs. I was surprised how small it was inside. Pretty tiny, but also, REALLY clean. I am not sure how long they have been open, but this place looks pretty new for a music venue. There are 2 huge booths in the back, and 3-4 bar tables with bar stools as well. The bar is a nice size for how small the place is as well. They have a great beer list (your local favs, your microbrew favs, and your domestics), liquor, and wine. $2 for a bottle of water, but they will give you tap if you ask for it (I know this sounds silly, but some places won't!). Now on to the important part - the sound. I have to say, their sound is the best of all of music venues I have been to in the area. Really crisp sound and anywhere you were standing it sounded wonderful. I looked at the list of shows, and it seems they book a lot of tribute/cover bands. I will absolutely be back for a show when they book someone to my liking. Even the bathrooms were really clean!!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,5/27/2013,78,106,,8,3>I have to give this market 5 stars because of 2 specific items that keep me coming back and that I can no longer live without:1. Nancy's Candles.  Her little booth is tucked away in a far corner of the market past the seafood restaurant, and it is so very worth a visit.  Nancy hand makes all her candles.  I completed my holiday shopping in one quick swoop once I discovered this place.  Some scents that my roommate and I have purchased are the pumpkin soufflé (seasonal), sweet cranberries (seasonal), apple pie (seasonal), and rose.  All are amazing.  Nancy takes personal requests for scents.  I told her my grandmother was allergic to scented things so she made me an unscented candle in the color of my choosing for her.  She will also ship your candle for you for an additional $5.  Please note: Nancy isn't there on Sundays so you must stop by on Saturday.2. Annelore's German Bakery.  (Reviewed separately)I have been particularly impressed with the variety of apples that have been available at the market during the winter season.  This farmer's market is not large, but the quality is superb.  I visit probably every 2-3 weekends!
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,5/26/2013,67,56,10,6,4>You know a meal has achieved crazy-hallelujah-chuck-norris-soothing-a-crying-­baby status when you find yourself with your eyes closed and repeatedly shaking your head "no no no no" whilst refusing to drink your water lest you lose one iota of flavor.What did this to me?A salad.A freakin salad.Yes.ENSALADA de TRUCHA AHUMADA nc smoked trout, almonds, local honey crisp apple, beets, pickled redonion, bibb lettuce, manchego, sherry vinaigrettaOk.  So the description really just doesn't do this entity of fabulosity justice.The almonds are bbq-ed, as in smoked. The trout is perfection, the apples and beets are bursting with flavor and the sherry vinaigrette is the best I've ever had.  Hell, the whole salad was the best I've ever had.I LOVE the tapas here.  The deviled egg makes me want to slap my momma...but this salad...lunch time. no wait. fantastic service. beautiful place.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,5/21/2013,81,225,,6,3>Big Mike's is one of the few food trucks that comes near my workplace every now and then. I wish more would come into Wake County! Luckily, I was able to get away from work before they called it a day. You can find out where they'll be on their website--they have a Google calendar widget, so it's easy! I kind of like it better than following someone on twitter (but that's probably more of a personal thing). Since it was my first time going there, I asked Mike if I could get a tray that had a little bit of everything they offered, so I could get a taste of it all. He most graciously obliged and I went back to my office with a nice heavy tray of goods. I have to say that my favorite was the pork and the blue cheese cole slaw. Delicious! Also, they have a "stupid hot" sauce, and if you know me at all, you know I'm pretty stupid about my hot sauce =P It was great. Of course, I had leftovers, so my husband was able to try out Big Mike's goods as well and loved his beans and all the bbq with the sweet and tangy sauce.If you get a chance, chase down this truck and try out some local wares! You won't be disappointed!
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,5/20/2013,65,90,,10,2>This restaurant just opened 1 week ago today so we decided we would give it a try! When you walk in you are given a choice of where to sit. Your options include: The sushi Bar area (a very large separate area), a booth in another separate area of the restaurant or at the grill area where the cook the food in front of you! We choose a booth! Service was attentive and our waiter was very friendly and extremely helpful! After your drink order is taken the waiter brings out 'chips'. These "Chips" are hard to describe so I won't try...but they were really good! The waiter even asked if I wanted some to take home with me! :-) My friend ordered the Vegetable Fried Rice and the portion was HUGE! I got to grab a bite and it had a lot of flavor!!! I took advantage of the sushi menu which is BOGO! I ordered the Dynamite Role (deep fired roll with white tuna, cream cheese, and crab stick) and the Crunchy Roll (Kani, tempura flakes, tobiko and spicy mayo topped with shrimp and crab). The presentation was beautiful and the taste and flavors were REALLY GOOD! I recommend to get a side of Spicy Mayo to dip your sushi in! After the meal the waiter brought us the cutest sliced orange (presentation was also amazing) for dessert! When we left he brought us a to go menu and coupons for our next visit!!! I think we will try to grill area next time, it sounded like they were having a pretty good time  back there!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,5/19/2013,136,284,,7,5>I surprised my beloved with a birthday dinner out this year and Oro delivered. We're big fans of the small plates concept at Buku, and I liked the slightly Southern twist to Oro's menu. I started with an Endless Summer, a delicious adult beverage featuring citrus vodka, pear puree and passion fruit juice. Please sir, may I have another? Jay liked the draft beer offerings and we quickly moved on to selecting as many delicious bites as we could stomach.We opted for the:Shrimp & Grits- Andouille Sausage and Green OnionFish Tacos- White Fish with Cucumber, Mango Salsa, and Wasabi GuacamoleVeal Ravioli- Crispy Spinach and ParmCaramelized Pork Belly Skewers x2- Pork Demi, Thai ChiliYou'll notice that I said Pork Belly Skewers x2. Yes, they were good enough to order again. These little meaty lollipops were a marriage of bacon-crispiness and pulledpork-tenderness. Oh jeez - delicious. The chef came out to speak to us and heard that it was Jay's birthday. He presented us with the very beautiful, and complimentary, Campfire dessert (which is totally what we were going to order anyway!) The middle of the plate was ablaze and we were able to roast marshmallows, dip them in chocolate, roll them in graham cracker crumbs and pop fresh blackberries, strawberries and bananas after eat s'moresy bite (that makes it healthy!)Our wonderful time at Oro was only dampened by a financial snafu the next morning. Apparently if you charge your bill to a debit card, depending on your bank, you may be charged the amount of your bill, as well as a second charge for the bill + tip on your statement. I called Oro to inquire and they've heard of this issue in the past with debit cards, but that it's the bank's fault (Wells Fargo, in my case) not the restaurant's. The additional charge was gone in 24 hours, but it was still not something I'd love to happen again.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,8/4/2012,295,331,2,5,4>I love you, DaisyCakes, I really do / I love you, DaisyCakes, and I'll be true / When you're not near me, I'm blue / Oh, DaisyCakes, I love you!Because I have been on a strict diet for ten years, I haven't in all that time allowed myself very many cupcakes.  It's just been recently, where I decided, screw it, I'm destined to be a chubbette for life, so I might as well enjoy a danged cupcake every now and then.  Enter DaisyCakes.I don't go out of my way to seek DaisyCakes, mainly because of that lingering part of my conscience that reminds me that I'll never be a supermodel while eating cupcakes---hell, I won't be a supermodel anyway, so whatevs!---but I will pop by if I'm in the neighborhood.I've sampled their red velvet, vanilla, and strawberry cupcakes.  I prefer their cream cheese frosting to buttercream (buttercream in general is always a tad too, well, butter-tasting for me).  On May 8, they offered a rainbow-decorated cupcake in honor of those who voted against Amendment One, and a free coffee to everyone wearing their I Voted sticker.I've also had their Daisy Cake, which is a small cake with layers of chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry decadence, and decorated to look like a teeny-tiny wedding cake.  My only regret here is that they don't sell their Daisy Cake by the slice; you have to buy the whole damn cake!  Granted, it's only, like $10, but not something I would get unless I was expecting cake-loving company because, let's face it, my will is only so great, and easily defeated by cake.I tried a smidge of my friends' brownie and raspberry bar, both of which were pretty danged heavenly.I'd like to sample some of their savory items as well, but have yet been able to get past all the delicious sweet treats lining the display case.  They have great options, though, and plenty of vegetarian items.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2012,8/3/2012,53,110,3,8,2>Look, if you've read my reviews, you know that my palate is not overly picky or snobbish.  Even when it comes to sushi, I'll fill my plate up with substandard buffet fare and I will wolf it down to my heart's content dammit!  Don't get me wrong, I'll splurge every now and then, but if you're gonna bury a hole in my wallet, you better give me a good product.  I like Yuri (for lunch specifically) because it appeals to both aspects of my foodie persona.  You're gonna get some quality fresh sushi for a reasonable price if you take advantage of their lunch specials.My gf and I have our go-to order of 3 bento boxes between the two of us.  You know my stomach isn't going to be happy on 1 measly box, but splitting those 3 hits the spot perfectly.  They come with either 2 rolls or a hot item with some sushi.  She gets tonkatsu, I get the scallop teriyaki, and we split two rolls.  I really like their lousiana roll (crawfish and crab), and the california roll that comes with the teriyaki is a great spin on the classic as well.  Their teriyaki sauce is pretty potent stuff, which I like, and my gf seems happy with the tonkatsu, although I find the texture a bit tough.  There's also salad, white rice, miso soup and 3 pieces of nigiri in each box.  I told you my appetite was satisfied, right?  Each box is $9 something, so like I said, totally reasonable for some good sushi.  Overall Yuri does sushi (and non-sushi) well without being too pretentious or robbing you blind, and for that, they get my stamp of approval.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,8/2/2012,108,135,2,9,4>I've only been once, but that cold winter evening spent at Mitch's has got me eager to go back! Behind an unassuming door on Hillsborough street, and up a loooooong wooden staircase, Mitch's is dimly lit and heavy on the wood. The Whole place has a slightly cobbled-together feel about it, but in a good way...for example, check out the paintings if you want some conversation fuel.They have 2 back-to-front sheets worth of cheap, surprisingly varied dishes and local beers on tap. I'm generally wary of places that do Mexican, Italian and Cajun all in one kitchen, but the gumbo and the burrito were both fine, so don't be shy!There's also a very small, but functional patio that provides a unique view of the bustling college thoroughfare down below... that is, if you can snag it.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,8/1/2012,109,358,2,6,4>Obsession. You are my obsession.I do not even have the words to describe how much I love it here. Okay, good tip go for the prix fixe menu 5:30- 6:30pm Tue-Thurs and Sunday, 3 courses, $25. Order the salad, salmon and chocolate mousse. You will not be disappointed. I literally dream of this meal. Along with the olive tapenade and the bread.Having been here many times I know the service is consistent and so is the food. The atmosphere is great very relaxed and can be dressed up or down and still fit in. Its french so some of the tables are a bit close together and it can get a bit loud but it works. I am also a huge fan of open kitchens.This is my favorite restaurant in Durham. Hopefully, I have described my love to the best of my ability.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2012,7/30/2012,19,97,,4,3>OMG! There's Lilly's Pizza in Durham! We were planning to grab some dinner somewhere in downtown Durham tonight before heading over to DPAC. We had a few places in mind, but then I read a tweet from Bull City Yoga that Lilly's had opened a location in Durham. Dinner plans made!This location seems to be a bit different from the Raleigh location--they have waiter service to take orders at the tables and we were seated at the table by a greeter (rather than ordering at the counter and then choosing a table). There seemed to be a bit of confusion still amongst the greeter and servers, but I think that is to be expected given that they just opened a couple days ago.Despite the confusion, the food totally meets the Lilly's standard that I have come to know and love. Delicious crust, fresh veggies and local meat and produce when possible. Plenty of veggie and vegan options too! There is lots of seating: downstairs, upstairs, outside. I will definitely be a regular here.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,7/29/2012,236,354,4,8,1>Oh seafood, how I love thee.  This Oyster Bar is a hidden gem at MacGregor Village in Cary.  After purchasing an online deal a friend and I headed over there for dinner on Monday, March 5th and surprisingly the restaurant wasn't too busy.  We were the only ones at the Oyster Bar, but we weren't disappointed!  After each ordering an Abita Purple Haze beer we focused on the menu with great excitement.  So many seafood offerings!  The Oyster Bar was what enticed us though so we went straight to the Oyster Bar part of the menu.  We selected a Choice of Two combo of a 1/2 peck steamed oysters and a 1/2 lb peel & eat shrimp for $23.  I had a cup of the She Crab Bisque and my friend had a cup of the New England Clam Chowder.  Each were creamy with just the right amount of seasoning and a side of oyster crackers.  We tried each other's soups and weren't disappointed!  Yummmm.  Out came our oysters and shrimp with sides of drawn butter and cocktail sauce.  The shrimp was seasoned perfectly with an Old Bay cajun type seasoning and the oysters were steamed just right.  We pounded through them and after sipping down our soups and steamers were quite content.  The restaurant itself has wooden floors and bay windows so you would think it overlooks a bay or a sound, but really it's just a field out back.  It's got a very authentic coastal cajun feel and all the staff were quite friendly.  I heard that they have live music and a good crowd comes out on the weekends.  As someone from the the coast I can say that for a seafood restaurant and oyster bar, it's priced very well too.  If I'm in Cary craving seafood I'll most definitely be back.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,7/28/2012,64,208,2,6,3>There is nothing better on a blistering hot North Carolina summer day than a Pelican Snoball.  The soft, flaky ice drenched with one of over 100 unique flavors is absolute bliss and offers a whole body cool-down in less than 2 seconds!The price is right: a medium snoball in a big ol' styrafoam cup is only two bucks.  The location is great for Garner residents: just a few miles down 401!  And you might find yourself inclined to putt around a few golf balls at 401 Par Golf while you're there.Kids can enter a contest to try all 100 flavors for a special t-shirt.  Just ask at the window: they'll write up a special sheet that can be crossed off every time you visit.  You can also get twenty-five $1.00 Pelican Snoballs coins for $20... perfect for the frequent snoballer.Did I mention the fun flavors?  Try the Dill Pickle: sort of sour/sweet/salty - delish!  Others? Wedding Cake, Mojito, Fruity Pebbles, Peanut Butter and Toothpaste (yes, seriously!)Additionally, Pelican's is available for events and frequently shows up at my daughter's school and other kids summertime happenings.Two thumbs up for Pelican Snoballs!
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2012,7/27/2012,55,264,4,5,2>We went here as a second choice after failing to remember that Orchid is closed on Mondays.  :-)  What a pleasant surprise.  To get to that bread and dipping oil, I'd knock old people and children out of the way.  (I'm not normally a fan of dipping oil but whatever they are doing, they're doing it right!  Really right!)  I had deep fried artichokes as an app - absolutely heavenly!  My entree was calzone which was really good but a bit well-done for my taste, and much better as cold leftovers the next day.  Husband had an entree with a salad that looked gorgeous and by his account, it was.  He also had a seafood dish that he described as the best he'd had in a very long time.  Service was spectacular but we were the only ones in the dining room.  I'm not sure how it would be if it were busier.  It's a very convenient stop for us Butner-ites on the way to a Canes game.  We'll definitely be returning!
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,7/26/2012,114,375,3,4,2>One of my friends is a "high roller" and he has a membership to the "private area" upstairs, which is insanely awesome. Old-time clubby with leather chairs and wood and rugs and all that.Anthony the bartender made me a pre-prohibition Old Fashioned with rye, and it was money.There's a walk-in humidor that I didn't partake in, but if you like that then there you go.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,7/25/2012,22,56,6,6,2>I know I should explore the menu of a place more before I give it 5 stars but the double BLT on sour dough will haunt your dreams.  I wake up in cold sweats nightly having nightmares of never eating another one or it changing somehow.  Yes, I know it's not conveniently located, I know nothing about the menu except the BLT and that it is an old gas stations.  I don't care. This BLT is essential to my welfare and I think about it almost on a daily basis.  They start with really good fresh bread from the Pittsboro bread company.  You can choose from around 6 different types of bread but you must choose sour dough.  I know, I know...  You eat whole wheat bread because it has more fiber and is better for you.  Listen closely, You are about to eat a double BLT and live through one of the greatest experiences of your life.  It is smothered with what I assume to be homemade mayo and at least 10 pieces of bacon.  Those whole grains that will void the experience completely are irrelevant and idiotic.  It is one of the few actions left that call for an immediate violent intervention.  Just trust me, get the sour dough double BLT.  Don't think about going single or triple either.  The double is the perfect size.  The single is not close to enough and the triple takes away from the bread and homemade mayo.  Grab a canned gatorade or some fresh orangeade and go sit outside to dive in.  Have plenty of napkins on hand for your tears of joy.  Somehow they have great tomatoes year-round, too.  They are definitely better in the summer but they are still great year-round.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,7/9/2014,188,240,,8,6>Got the chicken and waffles and it was very different from dames. It was super light and not heavy even with the syrup! I love this place! Friends had steak and eggs, quiche, and salmon Benedict and everyone loved their dishes!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,7/8/2014,40,108,3,5,3>This is a wonderful thrift store! It's clean including the bathroom and they have a large selection of items. Every time I go I leave with at least 1 thing. I got a very nice entertainment stand for $15 bucks. It's in my living room now and looks great. Wonderful prices. The only bad thing about the place is there is not many carts. If they do have carts they are very old and don't work well so you are forced to use a laundry basket. I will be back! Love the place!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,7/7/2014,42,63,3,6,2>Seeing as I'm not Chinese, I don't think I can reliably tell anyone what "authentic" Chinese cuisine tastes like but I can tell you that the food here tastes very different from your run-of-the mill Chinese place that seems to cater to an American crowd.  The food is absolutely delicious and some of the vegetables they serve are unfamiliar to me.  And when you order a spicy dish, it is ACTUALLY spicy unlike the Americanized Chinese places.I was told to order off the Szechuan menu here (the authentic menu I was told) and we were not disappointed at all; The bok choy and shitake mushroom dish was fantastic and the Kung Pao was very spicy and delicious, and the spring rolls were very tasty as well.  Also, this place was packed with many Asian customers who I'm sure know top notch Asian cuisine better than I do which I took to be a good sign.  This is a great place for a delicious office lunch- a spicy delightful break in the day.  I can't wait to go back!
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2013,7/6/2014,35,180,,5,2>I'm a Durham County resident and I adopted a small dog within the past few months. Durham requires membership and a fee to use their parks and I wasn't sure as to how well he would do at a dog park or if he would enjoy it; so I've made two visits to this free dog park for test runs.I haven't checked out any of the features other than the dog park; but there are some nice looking trails and an aquatic center. I like the dog park and how there are separate areas for large and small dogs. The dog parks seem pretty well maintained, but when I came on a Saturday, the park was empty...and today, a Friday morning, there was only one other little dog. I expected the park to be busier, but maybe having a fenced in yard isn't an obstacle for Chapel Hill residents?I'd recommend the dog park for sure, my only complaint was that my GPS wasn't able to find the park's entrance.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,7/5/2014,73,128,,5,2>I've only participated in the prenatal yoga classes and I've been extremely happy.  The teacher is very sensitive to everyone's needs and always provides alternative poses for those that are not that advanced.  This class in particular has allowed me to enough yoga; in the past I haven't been to fond of other classes elsewhere.  They are expensive but your first class is free and if you purchase a 5 or 10 session package your first day they give you 25% off.  Class offerings are extensive and there is definitely something for anyone here, whether you are a beginner or advanced.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,7/4/2014,86,100,6,18,8>I'd heard rumblings about a new pizza place in the shabby Willow Creek shopping center on Jones Ferry Rd., about a mile from my house.  A quick check of their website revealed a carryout special: $6.99 for a one topping large pizza.  Yes, please.  I didn't call ahead because I planned to grab a few things from that godawful Food Lion next door, so I went in and placed an order with a super friendly guy and was told it would be five minutes. Awesome.  I went to the Lion, got my bananas and Sprite Zero, and went back to pick up my spinach-topped cheese pizza.  I got home and was thrilled to find they'd used ample FRESH spinach, exactly the right amount of sauce (not too much, pizza people!), and a bubbly, doughy in places and crunchy in places crust.  Super. Yum.  If they keep up this level of quality, value, and service, I might never eat another Amante pizza again.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,7/3/2014,32,67,1,6,3>FINALLY!  A place, nearby, with a great location, a well-maintained interior, and a GREAT selection of clothes for the young professional at low prices.  Seriously, I'm a big fan of consignment stores because the MSRP prices and even the sales prices just don't make sense to me.  Here's a place with everything I wear for under $20.For those of you familiar with the area's Plato's Closets, that was my initiation to great consignment shopping.  Plenty of jeans, skirts, shirts, shoes and accessories at cheap prices.  But when I aged out of Plato's:  "I'm sorry ma'am, but these aren't in the last year's styles" because I'm not dressing like an 18-year-old anymore, I thought all was lost.  Instead, I found this place!  The ENTIRE store is dedicated to young women's style. Bonus: not NEARLY so crowded as Plato's, nothing in the disarray, and plenty of dressing room slots.  There was even someone staffing the dressing room taking clothes I was finished with!  Practically a boutique!But where this place really shines is the selection.  They've got plenty of dress slacks for work, cute blazers and professional blouses.  Also racks of billowy dresses, and even dedicated petite sections in each size!  For someone with very specific sizing requirements, this is a godsend.  My favorite is that they have low-cost jewelry NEW, not just used items.  If I recall correctly, most items were $5.If you've never been to a consignment store, here's the other reason they're amazing: you can try on cuts of clothes from EVERY designer store in one place.  It's stores like this that help you find the perfect cut of pant, or the blouses that fit your bust the best.  Everything's always in style, but with huge variety.In short, if you're a cost-conscious shopper like me, and you aren't cut like the average mannequin in each store, this is the place for you.  There are no cons, and you can find everything you need.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,7/2/2014,44,50,,9,3>Alter Ego has an amazing space with comfortable stations. They sell hair products for extremely reasonable prices and have a lot of great stylists from what I can tell. I have only seen Shawna, and my 5 stars are solely based on my experiences with her -- she is amazing! Reasons to go see Shawna: She is amazing with color.- Fixing my once color corrected, multitoned, brassy hair was no easy task. She turned it into a healthy deep, natural brown color that is simple and inexpensive to maintain - exactly what I wanted! (I have been anti-color for 3 years now and I'm considering playing with some highlights again and doing more fun things with my hair because I've finally found someone I trust.)She can fix your bad haircut.- She took my all one length, not been cut in 4 months long hair style and transformed it into a hairstyle that I absolutely love and has saved me time and peace of mind.On long hair, she never takes away too much length.- She has preserved the length of my hair every time I've seen her - she never cuts too much off which is really important to me.She has hair empathy. You know, she gets it.- By that, I mean she has had all types of cuts and colors herself and can relate her own experiences to what you're looking for. She knows what sucks about hairstyles and colors, and she is careful not to impose those mistakes on her clients. She is very experienced and skilled - and most worthy of your full trust when in her chair!She rocks.- Shawna is extremely personable and a super awesome person. I haven't had a hair stylist I loved since I lived in Southern California over 5 years ago, and I'm so happy to have finally found one here in Raleigh.(I actually found Alter Ego based off of Brittany F.'s recommendation. Yay for Yelp!)
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,7/1/2014,37,166,,5,3>I can't believe I haven't written a review after coming here so often. Bad me. Anyway - I'm a big fan of SSP. I think the staff are friendly, the vibe is fun, and the food never lets me down. Our first time in was right when we moved to the area. I ordered the sliders and my fiancé ordered the "my wife said it wouldn't sell" burger. Both were delicious and now we get those same orders every time we stop in. You really can't go wrong with the burgers here, and I can't recommend anything other than the sliders and burger, because they are so delicious. Stop in, you won't be mad that you did.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,6/30/2014,44,91,2,5,4>Cozy bakery with beautiful wooden tables (remind me of a French farmhouse). The cupcakes and desserts are nicely displayed and the specials written on the chalk board. The staff is very friendly and we enjoyed the sandwiches and ambience. A great little place to check out when at Lafayette Village.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,11/27/2014,315,293,4,4,4>Yes, the exterior and interior are outdated, and a little grungy and it is kind of awkward the way the ordering counter is right in your face when you walk in, but hey, it's old school inexpensive junk food which is pretty cool every once in a while!I like their chili dogs. In fact, that is all I have tried at Circus. I also like their fries and onion rings. Their milk shakes and ice cream desserts look awesome too. Will have to indulge in that sinfulness soon!
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2014,11/26/2014,567,250,4,6,6>Finally! A delicious sushi place near my office. When a colleague of mine suggested a possibility of sushi in the area, I was ecstatic but a bit pessimistic. Other places have failed to impress. But, this place is great because the sushi is delicious and the fish is fresh. Gotta love that!Another plus is you don't get these small little wimpy sushi rolls that makes you wish you would've ordered the terriyaki beef or chicken bento box. You are served these good size rolls that fill you up and keep you satisfied.I've tried the 911 roll, Crunch Salmon roll, Hungry roll, and the Twisted Mango roll. All, very yummy! I definitely need to come back to try more from their selection.Overall: Delicious sushi and pleasant and hospitable service. What more can you ask for? :-)
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,11/25/2014,84,35,2,7,6>This little craft beer shop is walking distance from my house.  It is located at the end of Fayetteville St. near the Capitol.  It is a great little beer nook that has everything a "craft-head" would love.  Paddy O has a spacious bar for sampling and tasting the most recent craft beers on tap.  There is also a great selection of can/bottle local offerings as well as regional and imported treasures.Dog Friendly.  This is a big plus.  I was able to walk down to Paddy Os during Out Raleigh to grab a delightful stout with my dog(Oliver).  He was welcomed with open arms and air conditioner.  Josh(the bar tender) gave Oliver extra love and a bowl full of the finest water.  In addition to the bar inside there is plenty of extra seating outside(picnic tables and outdoor furniture) for when the crowd spills over.  Another plus to this already wonderful establishment is the clean bathroom.I love the staff and have become a regular.  They are always welcoming and super knowledgeable about the beers they have on tap and in stock.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2014,11/24/2014,10,296,1,11,5>We visited Belle for lunch on opening weekend.  It was busy but we did not have to wait.  For lunch they offer a small menu with a couple of salad options and 5-6 sandwiches ( broiled fish, chicken salad, southern BLT, caprese, pulled pork, and more).  They also have a kids menu.  We ordered the Southern BLT (fried green tomato, bacon, chipotle mayo) and chicken salad (toasted pecans, grapes) which cost $8 and $9 and includes choice of salad, coleslaw, or homemade fries.  Everything tasted great - the bread is from a local bakery and incredibly fresh.  The coleslaw was served room temperature and I think includes some red pepper seasoning - it was unique and I would get it again.  The homemade fries are handcut and served with a homemade ketchup.We decided to get dessert - there was a choice of 6 incredibly delicious sounding desserts - we shared the lemon basil creme brûlée topped with blueberries - get it!  It was exactly as described and tasted heavenly.  Loved the blueberries with the lemon creme brûlée - it's an excellent combination.2 lunches, a beer (Mother Earth Wit), iced tea, and dessert came to a little less than $35 which we felt was reasonable as a treat of a lunch.The house is comfortable - we loved the rustic tables with the simple floral arrangements, the warm light shining through the glass windows, and all of the art and photography on display.  Air conditioner works great.  Service may be a little slow but it's opening weekend.  They have a cute little bar in the house - this seems like a great place to get an evening coffee/treat or drinks - love that they are open till 11pm (at least on Fridays and Saturdays). We are excited to have Belle Jones in downtown Cary and will be back!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,11/23/2014,14,89,4,6,5>This is the one I've been waiting for.The most authentic Mexican food in Johnston (and probably Southern Wake county).  Eat here if you want to feel like you just skipped the border to Tijuana or Piedras Negras. Please keep that in mind, as it's not always the N. American definition of "spotless".It used to be another restaurant ( I think. ) or they've just majorly upgraded the furnishings inside.Amazing, to say the least. The meats for your taco/burrito/anything else are encyclopaedic.I ordered a taco suadero (brisket), asada (beef) and al pastor (pork). The regular tacos are $1.79 each. It's $.50 extra for authentic specialties like tripe or tongue. My apologies, but I'm not quite there yet.Because my wife is in love with fish tacos, I ordered a 3-pack of the tacos pescado. $9.99 for 3 fish-filled, incredible tacos, beans and rice. I'll hit the food first, and then the atmosphere.The food is 5* delicious. My wife claims the fish (thinly sliced whitefish with corn breading) is the best she's tasted. Not being a huge fish fan, I was still compelled to taste.Delicious. I mean really delicious.My food was even better. It seems they smoke or charcoal grill their meats here. My asada had the nicest hint of wood smoke. And tender. You ain't seen nothin' yet.The brisket was cubed and crunchy. The only thing that really surprised me in a "hmmm" way was the pork. A little more subtle on the seasoning than I am used to, with a hint of oregano. Good. Just not what I am used to.But my favorite part is the condiment bar. How I love escabache (carrots, jalapenos and onions cut thick and marinated with oregano, oil, vinegar and salt), and the pickled onions with dried hot peppers.Tons of white onion and cilantro are available along with lemon, salsa roja and verde.If you're not Latino, you're definitely an outsider here. The staff speaks some English, but I always find it helpful to speak a bit of Spanish. Clientele tends to be working class and mostly male. The interior is a slice of Mexico with murals, Corona buckets (with bottle openers) as overhead lighting, and afternoon futbol on Univision in the back corner.Every table has a pony bottle of Corona that doubles as a salt shaker, and a bottle of Valentina hot sauce to give the meal some kick.If you're drinking (I was not), they keep beer on ice near the register, and a huge selection of Jarritos and Mexican Coke (cane sugar, $1.99 for a half-liter bottle) in a display case at checkout.It's as real as it gets...and the menu is huge (pictures are posted).I can't wait to go back. My new favorite Mexican restaurant, period.Notes:They do not believe in air conditioning here. If that is a requirement, you may want to place a takeout order.There is a very good possibility that you will be the only non-hispanic person here. If you're uncomfortable with that, you're going to have a bad time. People are nice here, and service is fairly quick.The place is a little hard to find, as it behind the Long Island Express. The entrance is around back, after you park.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2014,11/22/2014,108,135,,4,5>All these five star reviews are no lie! Mediterranean Grill & Grocery has earned every star! The food is spectacular and the service is amazing.We were starving after a full day of packing moving boxes from the old home to new one and needed some serious grub. I'd had my eye on Mediterranean Grill & Grocery (since I always use Yelp to check out the highest rated places when I move or travel) and was super-excited to finally try it. Mediterranean Grill & Grocery is located in a shabby little strip next to a ball field. But don't let the exterior deter you - inside awaits huge portions of hot, fresh food that tastes like it was made with love. The two gentlemen behind the counter are very cool and friendly. They asked if it was my first time in the store (it was) and gave me tiny samples of everything in the case!!! It was ALL good. I ordered the chicken kabob platter and the falafel sandwich (for hubby). And even despite our 'moving munchies', we each got two meals out of it.I also appreciate the Lebanese dry goods and frozen section. Lots of bags of beans, spices, pickled oddities, henna, cheese and sweets. I grabbed some dates and some orange blossom water and rose water to experiment with (cookies? face steaming? cocktails?).I am thrilled to have such a great spot so close to home! I will definitely be a repeat customer.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,11/21/2014,184,182,4,6,4>Friendly staff, comfortable atmosphere, and utterly delicious freshly made food. The Fatoush with grilled chicken is some of the best I've had. Great place for an affordable healthful lunch or a relaxing dinner. They also have yummy desserts! You know, to balance out the healthy.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,11/20/2014,62,39,3,6,7>Have you been to Jose & Sons yet?  If not, cancel your future dinner plans and go check this place out immediately!  I have been twice in the last couple of months and continue to recommend it to anyone looking for something new to try.  The atmosphere, the service, the food and the drinks all combine to make this by far the best southern Mexican cuisine in town!  If it is your first time in then you have to order the Chicharron and Waffles.  The combination of flavors and texture in this dish is guaranteed to please even the most finicky of palates.  Oh, and don't forget to order up a fresh made to order margarita to wash it all down.  They have some great combinations to choose from but I always go with the classic house margarita.Next time you are in downtown Raleigh looking for that one place that stands out from the crowd, consider Jose & Sons in the Warehouse District and you will not be disappointed.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2014,11/19/2014,49,212,6,8,7>I had the whole week off last week so Julia David and I drove to Angier for ice cream.......my oh my was this a mistake, not only did I rekindle my love for lemon but all of a sudden driving an angier is a great idea for ice cream! Dont get me wrong Fresh and Quail Corners also great but theres something about the woodsey back roads and the gravel parking lot that instantly brings me back to Eastern North Carolina and growing up in a town there everyone knew you and you knew everyone.  They of course have the lovely basics Strawberry Vanilla and Chocolate, but then theres huckleberry, Lemon, Pina Colda, Praline, Watermelon, Banana Pudding.....The list could literally go on for at least another page of Bizzare, Spicy and Sweet which is really the hook you know you appreciate them going out on that limb to bring us a high quality homemade product.xoxo
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,11/18/2014,41,76,2,7,6>Classy -- Beautiful -- Extraordinary StyleThis restaurant went above and beyond my expectations. My girlfriend had made reservations at Mandolin weeks ago for my birthday celebration and I was blown away how everything was beginning with just walking in the front door. The decor is fabulous. A little modern, a little chic but very warm and inviting all at the same time. We were quickly seated and the set up of all the tables is cute and inviting. Our server wasn't ready immediately but two other servers came and introduced themselves, gave us water and bread, not long before our server came to our table and offered us drinks and told us the specials. I ordered the trigger fish with vegetable quinoa and pan seared avocado and my girlfriend ordered the chicken and dumplings. Both were fantastic meals. Since I have to be aware of gluten in my meals, it was definitely a question we asked the server. They didn't have a separate menu but he quickly could point out specifically how they prepare every dish which ones included gluten and which did not. I'd have to say about 50/50 on the options that I was able to order from on the menu that did not include gluten. We both ordered a glass of wine as well. Our server had great knowledge of various wines that would pair up nicely with our meals. Before we knew it, we had been there 3 hours and had just been talking away! We ordered a decaf and regular coffee which they brew specifically for you in a French Press (they use Larry's Beans coffee, FYI). Also, we ordered the lavender cheesecake that was phenomenal. We had some trepidation about ordering food that actually had pieces of lavender in it, but after one bite (and it looks like a scoop of vanilla ice cream) we were hooked! It was the most delicious and refreshing dessert we've had in a very long time. All in all, we were more than pleased with our service, the food options, presentation, decor, and ambiance. Our visit to Mandolin will definitely go down in the memory books for us and we've each spoken about our visit to various people and most definitely want to go back again soon! If you want a nice, calm visit to a nice restaurant where it's nice to actually dress up a little bit without going all out (financially), then Mandolin is the place for you!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,5/30/2014,44,284,1,7,4>One of the smoothest run newly opened restaurants I've seen in a while.  These guys were barely open two weeks before we showed up and everything went well.  After converting the Cafe Caturra space, the makeover looks really successful.  Not that I was complaining about it before, but the new decor is much more rustic/modern and really jives with the menu.  It has this cool wine country feel to it.The menu reads pretty well.  I always do like it when the ingredients are transparent.  We ordered the spicy fingerlings, cod, garganelli pasta & fennel sausage, and gelato & cake.  The potatoes were standard fare, but the spicy jalapeno sauce was a nice touch to a typically boring plate of potatoes.  I don't normally like it when my fish has been broken up, unless it's being served in different preparations, but this cod, lentil, salsa verde, and picked fresnos combo worked just fine.  A touch on the too well-done side, but it tasted good enough to not care too much.  I'm a sucker for great pasta, and what this one lacked in a rich gravy was all made up for in the sausage and garganelli.   You can taste the fennel, which wouldn't have been possible with an overpowering sauce.  The garganelli, which I haven't seen used around these parts, is about a cool of a pasta as there is; sauce can really get in there unlike some of those other tube-shaped pastas.  Lastly, the dessert could have really done without the overly sweet gelato.  That almond and orange cake could stand on it's own.Some of the dimly lit tables feel cozy, though the restaurant is bustling with so much energy, you might feel a little left out.  Still, the staff's menu knowledge is great and they are excited to be open.  The menu is really quite short and unless they put out some specials, I could easily see myself eating through this menu quickly.  4 1/2 stars for this great start.  I know I nitpicked, but the experience really was great. They were slammed for dinner on a Friday night, which bodes well for their staying power.  I haven't wanted to come back to a restaurant so much in a while.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,5/29/2014,24,82,1,13,2>This is going to be a SHORT review, since there isn't much that needs to be said.Price, flavor, portions.  If you can get these three right, atmosphere and location don't even matter, anymore.  Curry Point got them right.  Seriously, well done, guys, you've got something great brewing!!Highly recommended.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,5/28/2014,154,244,1,8,4>Dain's truly is my neighborhood bar and grill; my local watering hole; the place I  go when I'm feeling happy and want to celebrate, or sad and want to turn things around.The beer selection is righteous, but the brownie points don't end there. The burgers are 100% crave-able. And while the beef burger is a solid choice, my vegetarian husband raves about the veggie burger, and I actually prefer the chicken. I usually get it with Swiss cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomato, onion, jalapenos, and guac. It comes with a bag of Miss Vickie's chips, a baby pickle, and a mini pepper, and for about $10, it is worth every penny.The service is friendly, but a little laid-back, which I think suits the place. I mean, a quote from Eisenhower, "Some people wanted champagne and caviar when they should have had beer and hot dogs," is prominently displayed. This is a beer and hot dogs kind of place. And I love it.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,5/27/2014,57,204,1,6,4>I've been back here a few times since my last review and it was time for an update.Since the mac and cheese is so popular here, I thought I'd give it another try in case I got a "bad batch" the first. This time it just confirmed that I really hate their mac and cheese. I did discover their Mean Greens, which are their collards with a mean kick and they're delicious. Classy Hen is still my favorite. We tried the shrimp and grits one time and that was a bad idea, nothing special about them, so I recommend to stick with their specialty. The service seems to get slower everytime, but the crayons at the table keep me entertained.The chicken and waffles are so good that they outweigh the negatives for me.  I've had chicken and waffles in other places, but they just don't come close to Dame's.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,5/26/2014,48,89,,6,1>The first thing that comes to mind when I think of Another Broken Egg Cafe? YUMMY! Another Broken Egg held preview events before the official opening in which people could come in and try the food, and didn't have to pay, but were asked to donate money to an on-site charity. So they clearly care about the community as well. I was lucky enough to attend one of these events, and after perusing ABE's extensive menu, decided on the gluten-free pancake with berries. The pancake was bigger than my head (and almost bigger than the huge plate!) and was so delicious. You'd never be able to tell it's gluten free. I spoke with some of the staff who told me they tested several different gluten free mixes, and ended up purchasing this one from a small mother/daughter enterprise. It was nice to see a chain restaurant doing some research to find the best product and supporting a small business. And speaking of chains, a lot is made of this sometimes, but I never felt like I was in a chain. Yes the restaurant is new, but the decor is very homey. The staff is extremely knowledgeable and friendly. I brought a friend back the very next week after ABE officially opened and she loved it. Just be warned, it's in the same building as a hotel, and gets extremely busy on weekend mornings. So plan on an hour to hour and a half wait during peak times. They also have outdoor seating, which might help to lessen the wait time when the weather gets nicer. I've been searching for a great breakfast/brunch place since I moved to Raleigh almost three years ago, and I think I've finally found it!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,5/25/2014,22,92,,12,4>With sunglasses on and a cup of coffee in hand, I always enjoy a trip to the Flea Market when we have a free weekend morning. Even if I don't buy anything, there has never been a time that I haven't enjoyed looking through tables, booths and bins full of treasures. There is an inside area that is open daily. It features great Raleigh staples like the family who owns Rustic Restoration as well as a few rotating booths. There is also an outdoor section with tables set up in a garage/yard sale style. This is where you can score finds like vintage glassware, local produce, handmade soaps, dollar store deals and yard decorations. I hope to go back more often when we have a house to furnish/decorate. Recommendations: - Wear very comfortable shoes. If you want to peruse everything, it will take you at least 2 hours.  - Have tools handy just incase you buy something big that needs to be disassembled to fit into your car. - Don't be afraid to negotiate, but don't get carried away. I have found that buying multiple items from a vendor will usually get you a better price on both.  - Check the State Fair Grounds website before you go to see if there are any events or shows going on in the exhibition halls.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,5/24/2014,163,368,,5,5>I really do like shopping at Sweet Bottoms for my 'crunchy' mom stuff.  I don't cloth diaper, but I do love everything on the right side of the store - they have great wooden toys, blankets, amber teething necklaces, natural bath products... pretty much everything I could want for my little guy. Their merchandise can be pricey, but I don't believe they price it any higher than you would get it at another boutique baby store - it's the nature of their products.  I haven't had a chance to attend any of their classes or baby-wearing meetings, but I did attend the Great Latch On there and it was a very welcoming environment.Sometimes service can be a little spotty. Mainly because they can get pretty busy depending on when you go in, and the wait can be a while. But their online ordering with in-store pickup and even local delivery is really great. They also have a great selection of products that can be limited elsewhere, like Aden and Anais blankets. They usually have some prints that may be sold out or HTF... so I always like to check their display wall.I also wish they had a little more variety of wraps and carriers for sale, but again, I haven't been to their baby wearing meetings so maybe the bulk of those items are sold/exchanged via that group.Overall, a great, local store that I'm happy to shop over Babies R Us, any day!
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,5/23/2014,18,237,,11,3>I have mixed feelings about the food here. Some of it is outstanding, like the items that I tried in the "platillo typico", which came as a huge dish of several different appetizer-like foods. The yucca fries, fried plantains, and pupusas were the best I've tasted so far, and the small fried chicken empanada was equally delicious. However, the tamale combo that I ordered was not so good. The rice and refried beans that came with it were somewhat bland, and the chicken inside the tamale was dry and flavorless. The dish was also slightly oversalted IMO. With these prices though, you can't really complain. Same goes for the horchata - overly sweet and watery. Definitely had better, but it was pretty cheap.I think it really depends on what you order here, but I found myself loving half the meal and being disappointed by the other half. 3.5 stars, rounding up because the first half of the meal was very delicious. The service is also fairly quick.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,5/22/2014,20,86,3,14,7>"Damn Good Pizza"Lilly's has it as the motto on their shirts, and they are not kidding!I absolutely LOVE Lilly's Pizza. Very fresh ingredients and toppings... but let me take some time to address the true star: the crusttttttt.I've always been a fan of Mellow Mushroom pizza because they have that great, doughy, chewy, slightly sweet crust that any  avid bread lover salivates over. Well, Lilly's pizza dough one-ups that. By far the best crust I've had in the area.You can make your own slice / pie, or they have a lot of specialties you can choose from. I have had and would highly recommend:The AristocratMr. Green JeansThe BuddhaThe GusTheir salads are also really delicious. High marks for the Spinach salad and Roasted Veggie Salad (this is a truly bomb salad)Lots of seating for dine in (including outdoor) or get it for take out!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,5/21/2014,145,72,1,6,5>I know how hard it is when you are on the lookout for a new stylist to trust with your beloved hair. Do not fear, Cleo is here!Cleo is adorable! She is super friendly and is an amazing stylist! I highly recommend her services.I came to Cleo with maroon hair down to my belly button. I wanted to donate my hair to Locks of Love and I wanted to dye my hair back to my natural, dark brown color. I donated 11 inches which was a big change! Cleo made me feel comfortable and did a great job transforming my look.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2010,3/12/2011,4,99,7,5,4>I had a great time drinking caipirinhas and overhearing relationship advise at the Crunkleton last night. Our bartender was an absolute gem of a man. He was probably Gary, but I cannot be sure because I do not remember hearing his name. Either way, he was hilarious and my drink was delicious. When I first walked into The Crunkleton I was actually a little creeped out by the dark entrance way and the lack of patrons, but the place packed up as the night went on and I began to appreciate its gothic feel. Advice from the bartender to a guy having lady troubles:"If you are upset over her, you will probably feel that way for half the amount of time that you two were together. But,... you can shorten that feeling by having one-night-stands.....Let's say one one-night-stand equals three months. So, how long were you two together? One and a half years? So, it could take you a year and a quarter to get over her, or you could have 4 or 5 one-night-stands and you'll be fine."The Crunkleton is a classic.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,3/11/2011,113,521,3,9,4>My dearly beloved Grandma Rachel has long since gone on, but I could have sworn she was hiding in the kitchen doing some cooking at Pam's Farm House. WOW...YUM.  This place is as Southern as it gets, from the menu, the food, the building, and the very friendly staff that could only be from the American South. Pam's has pork chops, BBQ, fried chicken, homemade bisuits, homemade mashed potatoes, homemade sauce for pork and chicken, sweet tea, homemade banana pudding...you get the idea.  I had the BBQ which was very moist and delicious, topped with their homemade BBQ sauce, and mashed potatoes and okra. I can't wait to go back and try something else! TIPS:...Pam's only accepts cash and checks, but who writes checks anymore, right? So bring cash...no cards. ...Parking for lunch was nearly nonexistent - this place is obviously very popular!Like Grandma's!
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2010,3/10/2011,42,96,,5,4>This is my favorite place in the area for subs/sandwidges.  I've been coming off and on for a few years whenever I can and they offer great variety an some heat custom creations. My two favorites are the Carolina crusher and the death wish. The first is a combo of pastrami and corned beef with a Russian dressing and the second is a toast beef and bacon with garlic butter. Bit are served hot. They also have traditional pick  your meet and they'll make it. Everything is made to order in front of you. They cut their roast beef right of a freshly roasted huge piece  The husband and wife team that make the sandwidges and own the place are very friendly and remember you if you are a regular.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,3/9/2011,45,521,,12,5>Margaux's is a fantastic French-esque restaurant in North Raleigh. Set in an inconspicuous strip mall (with an O2 fitness and some other less-appealing culinary establishments), this could easily be written as one of North Raleigh's hidden gems.If I could give Margaux's a four point five, I would. The food was excellent, but not quite at the five star level. But the menu shows creativity, seasonality and some daring, and it also includes the typical staple items like steak frites (steak, french fries and bearnaise sauce).Service is excellent, but if you're going on a bust night I'd recommend reservations; this place can really fill up!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2010,3/8/2011,53,148,2,5,2>I don't know what we'd do without the Sportplex.  We work out there, skate there, swim there, use their after school care.  It's great for the entire family and the staff is generally very friendly and helpful.  In particular, I think they have really great kids programming with lots of classes and activities.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2010,3/7/2011,26,102,4,9,5>We hit up Vespa for an impromptu date night. School was out, so the place was super-quiet and the atmosphere a little muted. But I liked the jolly decor - giant posters of classic movies in italiano, Frankie Sinatra playing, good lighting. We were served by possibly the most eager waiter I've ever met. He was super-attentive without being annoying (just) and steered us quite well on the menu choices. A cheeky bottle of Barbera in the $40 range got the party started very nicely. On the food front, first we split an app that was all kinds of delicious - involving prosciutto, homemade mozzarella and roasted red pepper, from what I recall. Many of my favorite things in a single bite, in other words. For main I had a special homemade pasta which involved both veal and pork. Do I need to say any more? All I remember is sitting there and saying, 'This is really good' multiple times, like a skipping CD.Only negatives - it really was very quiet. I hate to be the lone table in a restaurant, which we were for stretches of the evening. And as much as I love eager service, I'd tone it down just a tiny notch. We'll definitely be back though - so I'm urging the rest of Chapel Hill to join us at Vespa next time so there's a bit more of a scene!
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2010,3/6/2011,49,185,,8,4>I love this place. It's my new go to place for authentic Chinese at a great price. I went here for the first time this weekend with my wife and a friend and sampled many of their offerings. I had pork dumplings and they were great...just like my dad used to make them. The spring rolls were average but then again I've only ever been to one place that makes anything better than an average fried spring roll. The egg drop soup had an odd taste and was probably the only thing I didn't like that we ordered. The wonton soup was good though. For entrees we ordered peking duck, spicy garlic eggplant, tri pepper chicken, and chicken with brocoli. The peking duck was very good with crispy skin and not too oily. The spicy garlic eggplant was awesome....great flavor but coulda been a hair more spicy. The best thing I had was the tri pepper chicken. PERFECT. Many places don't serve this and half the places that do don't do it well. Super Wok makes it perfectly with the right balance of pepper oil, peppers, and bits of chicken with a perfect taste.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2010,3/5/2011,41,63,6,8,7>I really really really love Phydeaux.  I have rabbits, which means, as a rabbit conscientious owner, I realize Walmart does NOT carry food I can feed my buns, they need a healthy diet, just like any living creature.  Phydeaux carries Oxbow rabbit food for all stages of a buns life.  They have a great selection of hays, and a great selection of ways you can get that hay and the food(I have 3 buns, I can't wait until I live in a place where I can get a bale ^.^).  They have a really decent selection of GOOD small animal toys, which they are constantly expanding, and that makes me a happy camper.  They sell small animal SAFE bedding, which is another plus. When one of my rabbits got sick, I was able to go to Phydeaux and get Benebac to help her recover.  They have a great selection of treats and even small animal shampoo that is safe to use when your rabbit does something dumb like knock over Gatorade and then proceed to run through it until she's covered... Yeah... silly rabbit! Gatorade is for humans! :DLove you Phydeaux for having a great selection of small animal products.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,3/4/2011,73,112,3,10,7>The test of any good restaurant is how soon you go back after trying it out. Living north of Raleigh in Creedmoor, there is a shortage of Asian cuisine any near, where I usually drive into Wake Forest. The great thing about Chai's is you have food which usually is not found in the same place, such as Thai curry and sushi. Over the course of 3 take out orders (yes, you can pick up), I've had the following:Green CurryRed CurryPanang CurryPad ThaiI usually focus on Green Curry, and I've found each place does their's differently. Here you have egg plant and a generous including of bamboo shoots in additional to coconut milk, onions, and basil. The flavor is very good, without being crazy spicy. Overall, all have been very good, and that's considering that I am eating them about 20 minutes after they've been boxed up. I look forward to being able to try out the sushi, because if the Thai dishes are a good indicationI'm guessing I'll be back in a few days.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2010,3/2/2011,84,91,6,6,3>I had been told of Nofo months ago but did not make my way there until today (usually distracted by Lilly's Pizza next door :drool:).I must say, I am disappointed in myself for waiting so long to visit this place!It's a quaint little shindig that specializes in sandwiches, piggys and great service.My waiter, Matt, was an absolute sweetheart and recommended the Spinach burger. As an avid fan of spinach I couldn't resist. And I'm glad I didn't --the "burger" was a spinach and chopped onion patty that had been grilled similar to a burger and my, oh my was it tasty!I will warn you, it can get a bit messy, but totally worth it. I didn't mind looking like the slob in the corner with spinach in my teeth for this meal! In fact, half way through the burger I was full, but forced myself to finish it since I couldn't take it with me and didn't want any to go to waste. The side potato salad was great too (and I'm picky about my potato salad).Overall the ambiance was great; it just felt like a cozy little neighborhood hot spot.When you go (not IF you go, but WHEN) be sure to browse the upstairs store. While pricey you can find some real cute items and knick knacks up there.Big fan; two thumbs up! ::Smiles:: -- spinach teeth and all.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2014,10/18/2014,120,20,11,13,8>Full review at:fathungrypanda.blogspot.…I'll admit it, I was one of the few people that loved India Mahal. Yes, it was a dive, but that gave it character, and its character gave it a local-hole-in-the-wall feel. So I was a bit crushed when I saw that it had closed and changed ownership. Seriously, India Mahal had chicken and lamb saag that I'd offer up a few newborns for--it was that good.First impressions are hard to shake. Last Friday, my partners and I drove by, saw that it had reopened under its new name, and stopped in. No sooner had we walked in, we were told the Friday buffet was no longer going on. I turned around and walked out...then fumed as I thought about a "plan B" buffet for the night.I'm a fat man. I'm an emotional man. I love food. I own these parts of my person with no shame. So I may have gotten a bit emotional that Friday night...or it may have been my negative-number blood sugar and need for a virtual troth to correct it. Either way, I thought today that I'd make another attempt at Wild Cook's, to see if they at least had a lunch buffet.Look, India Mahal was a dive. We all know that. As I learned, it was a repurposed filling and service station, so it was never designed to be a dining space. Lawn sheds housed most of the food. The interior had....character--if by "character" you mean christmas lights, a fusebox marked "ELECTRICAL ROOM," and an AC so poor it complimented the food by providing a humid, toasty Indian climate. Free sense-o-rama dining!The big change was the badly-needed facelift on the property. No details were left unnoticed here. Obviously, the dining area got the most attention--no more christmas lights, no more "ELECTRICAL ROOM" door, no more darkened, humid, hot room. The new paint is bright, and the new AC unit was keeping the hot Raleigh summer at bay. But even smaller things brought a new gaze to an old space. The front windows are now bare, and it's very easy to see where the door of the old filling station was. The hallway leading to the bathrooms is now lit, and has a huge mirror at the end, opening up the formerly claustrophobic space. The bathrooms could still use some work, but the new owner has at least started to tidy and clean it up. The booths in the rear were converted into a cushioned, open seating area. In spite of the changes, there are still little touches of India Mahal there, like the art sandwiched between the table and glass covering it.Though the kitchen was open for orders, it seems that the buffet was the main draw for lunch, and I had no problem with that. The old hot tables have been replaced with new, elegant-looking clamshell style servers--with new tags replacing the old, hastily-written ones. The cold line, with the salads and chutneys, is gone, though it appears that most of the hot line has remained the same in terms of offerings.Of course, my big concern was the food. I saw some new offerings (like a kidney bean curry), but I also saw a lot of the old India Mahal standbys...including lamb saag. To my surprise, most of the food was almost the same, though with a bit more heat in the spices. Then I looked up to see a familiar face--one of the old India Mahal cooks. We smiled and exchanged nods.But while the staple dishes were there, a few things had changed. The meal began with a small salad (with premade, restaurant-grade dressing) brought out from the kitchen, and as I sat down, my waitress brought out a complimentary fruit sampler and chutney. The chef had been experimenting with the chutney and wanted feedback from customers.Now, I was impressed. In years of dining out, I'd never had a chef get hands-on like that. The chutney (a creation he was calling "Wild Chutney") was amazing--solid heat with a playful touch of mint. As I hit the buffet a second time, to sample what I couldn't the first time, the chef came out and introduced himself. Again, I was impressed. He did acknowledge that he wanted to try bringing even more flavor into the restaurant--like salad dressings. It was really refreshing to see a chef engage diners as an artist, and not just a shrouded figure in the kitchen, lording over the stove. That personal engagement really made an impression! He also mentioned that most of the old India Mahal recipes had stuck around, but he was turning up the spice on a few. With the cold bar gone, desserts came out of the kitchen--free with the buffet.  The rice pudding and gulab jamun were still offered. I figured that since Wild Cook's was using most of the India Mahal recipes, these hadn't changed. Instead, I opted for kulfi, which I had never had before. For a fat man, the portion was small--I'll admit it. But w
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,10/17/2014,133,156,3,8,7>There has got to be a reason why this Chinese Hole-in-the-Wall is so highly rated. Do yourself a favor and stop in and see. Besides being the nicest young man you could ever hope to run across; the Owner/Chef is one hell of a cook. I'm slowly working my way through the menu and the freshness and quality of the food keeps coming through. The pricing is reasonable and though the wait time might be a bit long on occassion it is worth every minute. IMHO you can't do any better Chinese in the Triangle.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2014,10/16/2014,9,88,5,8,7>My neighbors had us over for a cookout a few weeks back and we've been looking for an opportunity to repay them ever since.  As a weirdo who hates feeling like he owes anybody anything, a huge fan of Dain's Place, and an even bigger fan of beer and wings, Heavenly Buffaloes seemed like just the right way to pay off a neighborly debt.I had done my research and had a vague idea of the menu offerings: tall boys, bone in wings, boneless wings, vegan wings, waffle fries, and a ton of sauces.  When we stood around the kitchen counter looking at the menu, though, the wealth of possibilities truly became apparent.First, you choose your wing: bone in, boneless, or vegan.  Then, dry rubbed or wet.  Finally, your sauce.  With 19 sauces and six dry rubs to choose from, you can really go all out here.  We went with 25 vegan wings, seven bone in wings, a half pound of boneless wings, an order of Idaho potato waffle fries, an order of sweet potato waffle fries, and a bunch of different sauces.  Honey BBQ, Teriyaki, Sweet Thai Coconut Chili, and Ranch, among others.  Everything was killer.The bone in wings were the cheapest at roughly $1/each, vegan brought up the rear at about $1.30/each, and boneless fell somwehre in the middle.  The vegan wings taste like they're made by Delight Soy out of Morrisville, NC and, for those who haven't had their products yet, run, don't walk, to try them.  Final note:  As is the case with Dain's Place, the grub is delicious but you get what your pay for.  These ain't the wings from your dumpster college bar's 10 cent wings/25 cent beer nights.Stoked to have another delicious dining option in the 'hood and slightly worried about the integrity of my waist line now that I know they deliver direct to my door.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2014,10/15/2014,290,175,1,4,6>What's not to love about this place? They have great brews, there is something for every mood and taste. They carry some decent IPAs which is usually my mood. You can bring your dog to hang out with you. Just make sure you clean up after them. Seriously, I've seen and had to yell at some a-holes who think it's ok to leave their dogs crap around this place. Before you do that, just know that it's a privilege to bring our dogs, don't ruin it for everyone cause you suck.There are some yummy food trucks that swing by. So you can grab a bite with you brew.I do have two pieces of advice here. If you don't like kids, it's not the best place before 9. Some parents treat this place like a playground and let their annoying kids do annoying things - like go through someone else's purse... TRUE STORY. also, parking is not the best in the area. just be careful where you're parking so you dont' get towed.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2014,10/14/2014,43,165,2,7,6>I'm giving this five stars to counter some of the stupid reviews.  I mean really, how can soup be "soggy".  Anyway, definitely awesome Chinese and has very authentic flair.  They have the usual suspects of course but also have an extensive list of traditional Classic Chinese dishes. No need to drive up to C&T Wok anymore :)
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2014,10/13/2014,33,68,5,3,3>Need a good dentist? I did. Dr. Le is a tooth Nazi..in a good way. Her hygienists are tighter than James Brown's band. They will make your teeth clean enough to eat off of. The office is always spotless and well-organized. They work appointments around your schedule and are do their best to get you in and out asap. The staff remembers all faces and where you went for your last vacation. Dr. Le will tell you what you really need and will not try to sell you what you don't. It's everything I look for in a dentist. I wish she was also a mechanic. I have tried other dentists. They are not for you and me. And if you need a good doctor, her husband is on the other side!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,10/12/2014,73,266,1,5,4>Yummy yum yum. Had a wonderful meal with hubby, we shared the meal for two for $30.00. You get your choice of soups, the best tom yum soup I've ever had. My husband commented that my bowl was bone dry when I was finished, I drank it up in an unladylike fashion when he wasn't looking. We also shared a seafood salad. The squid, shrimp and salad in a spicy sauce, it was another one that I drank up. I had the Pad Thai and hubby had the basil chicken. I added a nice amount of hot sauce to my pad thai and it was the bomb. Hubby's basil chicken had a delicate delicious flavor. I love this restaurant and it is a meal for two that is healthy and won't break the bank.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,10/11/2014,73,177,4,4,5>I was surprised to walk into this place to find that it was actually a nice sit down restaurant, fully equipped with even a bar! I was expecting more of a fast food type of place as is the norm with most Banh-mi/Vietnamese places I've been to.All I have to say is Mission Banh-Mi accomplished.After calling many places in the triangle area about a vegetarian banh-mi option, and being disappointed, having Dalat across the street from NCSU's campus is near magic. Pros-The tofu in their sandwiches have whole cubes of tofu as opposed to the shredded tofu. I've only been to one other place that does that!Perfect level of spicy-ness (even if you dont add sriracha sauce which I did)Inexpensive* ($6.50 for a small, which fills you up just fine)Delicious fresh baguette!Cons-They add tomatoes in the sandwich, which added too much moisture and made the top of my bread soggy, weird, and unenjoyable.The sandwich was overflowing and impossible to eat in an elegant manner. Fillings kept falling out of the sandwich, taking away from the Banh-mi experience.Anyways, I will definitely be back here for the convenience and comforting flavors!*Their banh-mi are inexpensive. Entrees are pricier, ranging from 8.99-12.99
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,10/10/2014,45,521,1,8,4>Many reviewers have noted that this Mo's is NOT the same as the fast fodo Mo's. The two could not possibly be more different.Our Mo's Diner (the subject of this review, NOT the fast food junk) is a delicious little spot tucked on the northeast corner of Moore Square. Cozy and friendly and full of local color, Mo's has a uniquely creative menu that is a pleasant break from the formulaic menus of so many surrounding restaurants.My pan roasted sea scallops were perfect. Absolutely perfect. Not overcooked, not undercooked, and the sides were a perfect compliment. My wife and I split a dessert (I wish I remembered what it was) and it, too, was done to perfection.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,10/9/2014,179,270,,6,3>Upon suggestion of my friend to have a girl's night, we decided to try out The Big Easy. I didn't realize there was one in Cary. This one has a much different vibe from the one in Cary. For one, it's clean, and the menu is far more extensive than the po' boys and fried dishes of it's sibling in Raleigh.I was surprised it was completely dead on a Saturday night and I mean like...how will they survive like this dead. She said she had been before and it was packed. I think some live music would have helped. Their menu offered a good selection and I picked a seafood combo and learned I could get it broiled and not fried. It was prepared perfectly and was heaping with food. Everything was delicious and a definite value. I can't remember the price, but I remember thinking this is really reasonable and a lot of food. Also, they have outdoor seating and you can bring your dog. Who can ask for anything more really?
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,10/28/2014,36,76,2,7,4>I spent a couple of hours here on a Sunday morning a few weeks ago and it was wonderful.  At 10 AM, it was still a little bit cool, and parking was still free.   Even with a wedding party starting to arrive, there was plenty of overflow parking.The gardens themselves are stunning.  They are immaculately maintained and the labels are extremely helpful.   The gazebos are gorgeous.   The place is large enough that it never felt too crowded for me anyway.  I wish I could comment on the tea room, but it was closed when I was there.  Don't make the mistake I did.  Go ahead and wear your tennis shoes or other good, sturdy shoes.  You can cover a lot more ground without getting little pebbles/dirt underneath your feet because you decided to wear those cute flats instead.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,10/27/2014,154,244,11,15,13>While I'm not incredibly picky about my hair, I know a good thing when I see one. And Lucas is a very good thing.He cut my hair when he was at Rock Paper Scissors and while I've never had a bad experience there, I was smart enough to follow him when he left. After a hop, skip, and a jump, he opened Spruce, which is just lovely.Spruce is comfortable, bright, and private. You really get VIP treatment when you're the only one there (which is always). And Lucas is skilled at his craft, easy to talk to, and reasonably-priced for the quality of his work. He also sells some really nice products like DevaCurl and Arrojo.I grew my hair out to avoid having to go to the salon so often, but Spruce has made me consider chopping it all off just so I have an excuse to go back again and again!
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,10/26/2014,188,240,2,5,4>Definitely one of the best ice cream places in the area! Everyone gets two samples just FYI!I tried the blueberry and banana pudding and loved both because they didn't taste super artificial like the other places in the area (dulce in durham, for example)Also had some of my friend's spicy praline w cayenne which was unique... It definitely had a little kick at the end which was cool but I don't think I would enjoy an entire cup of it lol. Tried some coconut almond crunch too which was ok but too coconuty for my tasteOverall, love all the choices!! I wanted them all! Can't wait to go back!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2014,10/25/2014,557,607,3,6,4>Came here Saturday morning for brunch in the rainy weather and really liked it!The decor has an antique/old school feel to it, and there were plenty of seats around 11AM. Ordered a plate of beignets and a croque madame. I was surprised the food was good since I've recently been disappointed with a slew of restaurants I've tried in Durham. The croque madame came out piping hot..and the sauce was just the right amount.We stayed for 1.5 hours and the waiter was extremely attentive, filling our coffee/water when we didn't even notice.Would definitely come back again.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2014,10/24/2014,6,18,3,5,8>This is a dive bar for creative geniuses, social pariahs, villains, scallawags, lawyers, strippers, hookers, pimps, queers, and even people who post too many cat memes online (you know who you are).It's adjacent to Glenwood Ave, but without of the pretentiousness of VIP Uberlounges that come and go there. There is a private parking lot attached to the property (but they definitely will tow you if you park here to go somewhere else, so be warned). This place is genuine. When you walk in, you can tell... the owner loves this place. Most of the furniture and sculptures you see where built by the owner, by hand, or by friends of the bar. And there is art everywhere. It all follows a sort of Victorian/Steampunk-meets-Mario Bros. sort of vibe. The dim but warm lighting comes from tastefully hung Edison bulbs. There's no draught beer, but an amazing selection of cans & bottles for such a tiny hole in the wall joint. But the real magic here is in the house special cocktails. Check out the chalkboard hanging above the bar for a menu. These are recreations of 19th century cocktails, sometimes customized for practicality and the modern palate. My favorite? Try the Royal Berry Fizz.There are two private bathrooms, thankfully genderless. Just pick the first open door you see. They are usually clean and well appointed.The patio is what really nails this place. There are lots of nooks outside, set up for comfort and small groups of friends to lounge all night and chill. On Sunday nights, when the weather is nice, the owner and the regulars can often be found grilling burgers and hotdogs for everyone. The patio is surrounded by high walls, lined with tiki torches.This place is also dog friendly (for friendly dogs). Tie-outs are both inside and out, but most people just let their dogs walk around inside... if you're outside, there's a gate nearby to close off the patio and keep your pooch contained if you want to let her walk around free. There are also water bowls available for the dogs, and sometimes treats.The bartenders here don't have a lot of turnover, and they tend to be pretty cool people. They are attentive, even for people outside.Definitely check it out. This is one of the best of Raleigh.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2014,10/23/2014,57,204,1,5,4>The Glass Jug had it's soft opening last night and grand opening today. I'm excited about it, looks like it might bring new life to the usually unappealing Greenwood Commons Shopping Center (since Papa Mojo's closed, the only exciting thing to me about it is the farmer's market). The Glass Jug is a hip new craft beer store that features beer on tap, seating, and growlers to go. They have a large variety of beers and also sell wines. You can have a seat indoors or outdoors and enjoy you beer there or have it to go. They're offering  flight of 4 beers for $5 for you to sample and have daily events for their opening week. Today is the first day and it was very busy and lively, hope that energy continues. Great addition to South Durham!
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,10/22/2014,26,95,1,11,3>Here's my issue with reading bike shop reviews: You either see people that just wanted to buy a bike, but don't really care.. or you see people that talk about parts of the bike that you didn't know existed (If you used the term "LBS" instead of "local bike shop" in your review, you are in the latter. no exceptions). But what if you're in-between? You care about your bike, but don't know much (and don't have time to know much) about it, and you just want some honest work done on it? This is me.I went to Durham Cycles needing a tune up and some general work. I say "general work" because it wasn't shifting super smoothly, but that's the extent of my understanding. I'm going to go ahead and say it right now: I was not expecting to like Durham Cycles. I walked in the door, and was greeted relatively rapidly. There's nothing like walking into a store of hip-looking people, knowing you are not hip. Durham Cycles was not like this. It was friendly and open.Criterion #1how I rate bike stores: If you try to sell me a new bike, I will not come back. I have this bike, I like it, and importantly, if I could afford a new bike I would have brought it up already. I love that Durham Cycles at no point tried to get me to spend more than I needed to. There was zero "you should buy this" or "you should upgrade that", and this is the kind of honesty I need in a bike shop. They outlined exactly what *needed* to be done, and no more.Everything took about a week and a half, so definitely chat with them BEFORE you need your bike to be finished, and give them some time (the tune-up ran about $60, I don't think you can find that on their website).  There were, of course, other expenses that came up. They called each time and left a voicemail explaining things. Overall the repairs (tune-up, new chain and new cassette, new back tire, new back break pads) were about $160. This is literally half of what I paid for the bike in the first place, so a relatively expensive repair, but I felt like it all was justified.Criterion #2 how I rate bike stores: Don't be a dick to me because I'm not obsessed with my bike. I was a little concerned this was going to be the vibe at Durham Cycles, but it 100% was not. I worked with Greg when I dropped it off (no idea who did the actual work, don't care) and he was really patient with me. Greg very nicely explained to me what needed to be fixed, how this was general wear and tear, and what I should be doing in the future. Did not make me feel guilty for waiting forever to get a tune-up, and did not make me feel like an idiot for not knowing I was supposed to get said tune-up. THESE are the types of people that you want working for you. They get other people excited about biking, and make them excited about coming back.Overall, definitely a great place to take your bike!
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,10/21/2014,19,161,1,4,4>Finally! Authentic Mexican in Cary! Not sure why it took us so long to find this place...but I'm sure glad we did.In a strip mall. Nothing to get overly excited about when it comes to the restaurant itself. Lots of seating. The menu is large with lots of authentic choices. Lots of sweets, including tres leches. Order at the counter and they bring your food to your table for you.Large bar with taco toppings and salsas. We ordered a  serving of chips. Not your typical paper thin Tostidos chips, but rather thick and crunchy homemade chips.I ordered tacos. I had the pollo, asada and carnitas. Asadas were my faves. Very flavorful steak. All of the meats were moist, flavorful and cooked well. The tortillas were soft, supple and tasty. Toppings from the bar were fresh. Everything mingled together for some very tasty tacos!We've found our go-to place for a taco fix and I look forward to trying more from their menu. We'll definitely be back!
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,10/20/2014,6,36,9,9,7>[Now what starts with the letter C,   Cocktails & coffee starts with the letter C.Now what starts with the letter D,   Dessert starts with the letter D.]Let's think of other things that start with...OH, who cares about other things.  Let's talk about Bittersweet.A definite new feature for downtown Raleigh and a nice change of pace.  Bittersweet is a solid place to relax in the evening while avoiding the usual crowd of sot's and rummy's that Raleigh is filled with.The décor is a little funky, but there are a few hidden items that you should look for.  (If I tell you it isn't hidden now is it).  They may provide insight into possible upcoming events or menu items. On my first visit I had The Derby Pie.  Pecans, chocolate, flakey Phyllo crust drizzled in caramel, it was legendary.  With my other visits I managed (forced) myself to try the caramel corn, chocolate mousse, and cupcakes, all were good, not Derby Pie good, but absolutely not disappointing and worth trying.  My associate HAD to have the cookies; which also start with the letter C.  He prefers chocolate chip, but was very pleased with this excellent variation.The cocktails were solid, considering I'm not a fan of sweet drinks.  They also serve a few rotating drinks that are worth checking out.  Coffee is from Counter Culture in Durham and hits the spot.With each visit service has been relaxed and inviting.  Staff is willing to talk about the menu and provide recommendations. A special thanks to my associate and cookie aficionado, Cookie Monster, for assisting with this review.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,10/19/2014,30,43,3,10,4>So i've been stopping into this place just for the vegetarian samosas togo and i've learned that they are quite addictive. Tonight we decided to sit down and actually enjoy dinner there. We were seated promptly and they were quite busy for 8:30 on a Tuesday night. As the rest of our party arrived we tried to narrow down what we were going to try on the menu. We ordered what seemed like too much food based on the way the server kept thinking we were done ordering but we were just hungry and wanted to try too many things. We got the samosas and the samosas chaat first and the chaat was absolutely wonderful. We also got a type of lentil cracker with a slightly spicy red chutney. My girlfriend and I shared the vegetarian platter and my cousin got the goat platter. We got the naan bread, the naan bread with the cherries and our platter came with rice pudding, something similar to tzatziki, the best lentals i've ever had, rice, and then curried vegetables. We finished our meal with the himalayan coffee and everyone should experience the beauty that coffee is. Almost naturally has a chocolatey flavor. So that is what we got and this is what we thought. The vegetable samosas were crunchy and flavorful, and the samosas chaat are almost like a chickpea samosa salad and it is almost refreshing. The lentil cracker was probably the least favorite thing but the chutney with it was very tasty and well done. Both the goat and the vegetarian platter were something to rave about. I like the fact that comes as a balanced meal with dessert and everything. Everything was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The cilantro sauce along the side of the platter doesn't taste like you think it would and is a nice clean flavor.All said and done our total bill for 3 people was $35 not including tip and we left with enough food for another meal for two. Before this restaurant I had never tried napalese food but i'm starting to crave it on a regular basis.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2012,7/3/2012,70,246,4,7,2>After reading some reviews prior to visiting Komo Komo, I was a bit apprehensive.  I've never really liked the order-at-the-counter type of restaurant.  I figure if I'm going to go out for a meal, I should be getting full table service.  Plus, the idea of Korean mixed with French sounded really odd to me.  I wasn't sure it would work at all.When we entered the restaurant, we were seated by a waiter and brought menus.  I'm not sure if something changed between the initial reviews and our visit, or perhaps the order-at-the-counter thing is just for lunchtime, but I was pleasantly surprised that we would actually get table service after all.I ordered a pomegranate white tea and my husband ordered a coke to drink.  I think the tea is a bit expensive at $3, but at least it's refillable.  It's Trader Joe's, so it's decent quality too.We each ordered an appetizer at $6 a piece so we could try more things.  I got the sweet potato soup and my husband got the chicken dumplings.  $6 is a bit expensive for an appetizer, but they were really, really good.  I loved my soup.  My husband tried it too, and thought it was fantastic.  It was so creamy and flavorful. The chicken dumplings were pretty amazing too.  I had one, and it was the perfect texture, the perfect flavor.The entrees weren't quite as good as the appetizers.  We both ordered the bibimbop.  I got the vegetarian and my husband got the pork. The sauce is served on the side, which is a bit odd.  It also appeared to be missing an egg.  Still, it was a good flavor, with a good amount of variety in it.  I tried a bit of my husband's pork and it was amazingly soft and moist.  At $10 each for the entrees though, they weren't as expensive as some of the other things on the menu. My husband really thought this was the weakest part of the meal though.I decided to get a dessert, since they had such a delicious sounding selection.  I ordered the creme brulee with ginger and lemongrass.  It sounded like a really odd combination, but I love creme brulee.  It was served with blackberry and 2 blueberries, which looked rather phallic in its presentation, however the dish tasted awesome.  By the end of it, I was sorry I had to share it with my husband.  I wish I would have ordered one all for myself.  At $5, it wasn't too terribly priced either.The tea service in the afternoon sounds like a pretty cool experience, I just don't know when I'd be able to stop by for food between 2:30 and 3:30pm. It'd be nice if they offered it as a lunch option.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,7/2/2012,89,410,,13,3>From the moment you walk into this strip center restaurant, you are treated like royalty. Hubby made a reservation for us to try this place after Valentine's Day. We were greeted at the door, and they offered to take our coats and we were seated promptly. Our server was friendly and very efficient. We were also greeted by the owner/manager and our water glasses were filled promptly. The bread was good and they are always ready to offer you more of it, therefore we asked they remove it so we wouldn't be tempted to fill up on it. I will say the only downside was that the service was wonderful, however felt intrusive to a point as they were always at our table. I would have liked a bit less of that.As our appetizer, we chose the Gnocchi "From My Dear Friend Jen"Homemade sweet potato and spice gnocchi, sauteed in a sage and brown butter sauce. Topped with a quenelle of Maple and roasted walnut scented ricotta cheese 13.95. It was Delicious!Afterward they gave us sherbet to cleanse our palette, and I believe the chef had prepared something small for us that was excellent as well, but escapes me as to what it was.For my main course I chose the Scallops on Their Crispy Seafood PillowsPan-seared wild caught scallops, laid atop homemade crispy lobster and shrimp ravioli, finished with our lemon and tarragon béchamel cream sauce, roasted asparagus 29.95. It was so wonderful I didn't want it to end.Hubby went  with the special, which was bouillabaisse. He found it to be wonderful as well.Dessert was All ChocolateBittersweet chocolate marquise topped with our chocolate mousse, served on a bed of coffee mocha cream sauce, drizzled with a white chocolate raspberry sauce 9.95Hubby had the Cherry Clafoutis A warm dessert presentation, Cognac and sugar coated dark cherries baked in a classic Clafoutis batter served with a homemade brown sugar and whiskey ice cream 8.95They also provided me with a wrapped solid heart chocolate to take home.Our dinner was exceptional, very pricey  and definitely a special occasion place that I wouldn't hesitate to recommend.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2012,7/1/2012,62,93,4,7,8>I can't help but giggle at the name of this pizzeria, although it's clear they take their pizza seriously. I've only had one experience so far: delivery on a Sunday evening. It came quickly, was exactly what we ordered - well, almost, they added unwanted onions - and was hot, fresh and delicious. I loved the thin, crispy crust. I'm not a pizza fanatic but you can't argue with Hotbox's (*giggle*) convenience and flavor. Perhaps a bit pricey, but it sure beats the days when Gumby's was the only game in town.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,6/30/2012,125,100,2,9,3>Prior to moving to Durham to attend a blue school, I'd lived in a small town in Ohio for the past twenty-four-ish years.  In that small town, fast food was still a relatively new invasion, with most of the typical McDonald's, Burger King, Subway, and places of their ilk being confined to one main street.  Some of the more quality (or at least memorable) places to eat were off the beaten path, tucked away into unassuming plazas and on forgotten back roads.  One of these places, Kelly's Deli, was your basic greasy spoon - cheap-as-heck breakfasts, salads the size of a small city, and American cheese as a staple of the dairy world.  Essentially, comfort.  Cheap, easy comfort.Benetis isn't Kelly's Deli.  In fact, it's like Kelly's on Greek steroids.  I don't know if those affect muscle groups the others don't, but at least here, something's in the water when it comes to kind, genuine friendliness.  The waiters and waitresses are constantly grinning their faces off, hugging & getting hugged by repeat customers, or making you feel like you're an old-time regular there as soon as you walk in the door. I'm terrible with names, but I assume that the lady who's remembered my family in the two visits we've had after our initial visit appears to be in charge.  She's super-awesome, consistently spending time checking in with us, asking about our girls, and ensuring that our needs are met.  There's never a sense of pushy socialization here, so I assume that if you're of the schizoid or paranoid personality disorder realm and desire nothing to do with other human beings, you'd probably be treated just as kindly (but given ample space).  Basically, this place is comfort.Not cheap comfort, mind you... not on the level of Kelly's.  A breakfast for my wife, two girls, and I still cost us just over $20, but then again, most of the world doesn't really believe that a place exists where three eggs, two sides, toast, bacon, coffee, etc. will really only run you $5.00 or so.  That place does exist, but it's in Ohio.  I'd describe Benetis as fairly priced for the quality and taste of the meal you're getting - as noted elsewhere, their pancakes function as a blanket of delicious love for your stomach.  Their egg scrambles are crazy-good, too.  We've yet to get there for their Greek buffet, which goes on only during the week, but from everything I've heard/read/been told by random people walking by me on the street throughout Durham, Benetis' Greek buffet rules hard.  We recently purchased a Yelp Deal for Benetis, which (I think) essentially gave us $10.00 worth of tasty for $5.00 - always a good move in my book.This place is a regular go-to for us.  Not a weekly go-to like a place in Ohio was (after all, I'm a freaking graduate student, which translates into small expenditures), but definitely an at-least-once-a-month place.  Great breakfast, kind people, reasonable prices, fast service.Comfort.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,6/29/2012,35,136,,6,2>Yummy and healthy sandwiches! I had a black bean burger and it was delicious. The black bean burger is not like the typical kind you buy from the frozen section at a grocery store. The burger tasted very fresh. The staff is friendly and they bring your order out pretty fast.Just wish they were open for dinner too.Would go there again for sure.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2011,6/28/2012,15,79,2,6,3>I had my first Sunrise Biscuit this morning. Apparently if you go at 7:45am on a Friday, there is no line! It was tasty and buttery and oh-so-satisfying.I got the country ham, egg, and cheese biscuit. I added a hash brown (McDonald's style hash brown patty) to give it extra crunch. I would've liked some ketchup though.My friend got the fried chicken biscuit, with a slice of tomato. The chicken was PERFECT -- crunchy, moist, fresh. I think I'll get that next time.We also ordered a cinnamon roll. Not that we could eat more than 1 bite each, of course. It was warm and a little crispy on the outside, but so gooey and soft on the inside. Mmmmmmmm...Service was crazy fast, and the meal wasn't that expensive at all!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,6/27/2012,23,38,5,10,3>OK...I'm going to try and remain calm. Its important that I do, because otherwise I may come off as a raving lunatic. Weinberg's Deli is open in a Harris Teeter shopping center on Falls of the Neuse (just below Spring Forest Rd.), and its really REALLY great!Let me start by saying Weinberg's only opened officially today...11/14/11. This is an important note because they don't yet entirely have their acts together. This is to be expected and forgiven of any new business, and I will not hold it against them in this review.My wife and I have been watching for Weinberg's to open for a while. Being from NY, and both of us growing up in and around Jewish delis, it's really the thing that Raleigh has been missing for us. The opening of Weinberg's finally fills that hole and it does it admirably. So we arrived, sat, and ordered...Me: fried kreplach (think of them as jewish wontons, filled with beef, not pork). These were flavorful and crispy. A definite order-again. Then a corned beef on rye. The thing is, there are fundamentals. If a deli can't manage a corned beef sandwich, the more involved stuff almost doesn't matter. This corned beef? Really good...solid flavor, and fall apart texture (that's a good thing). Is it Katz's in NY? No...not yet. But Katz's has been open since the late 1800's. Weinberg's has been open since 10am. I'm giving them time.Wifey: brisket platter, which came with steamed carrots and kasha on the side. If you're unfamiliar with kasha, its cracked buckwheat. Its earthy and a very good side dish to meat of all kinds, especially beef. Generally, bowtie pasta is added, thus changing the name to kasha varnishkes. Unfortunately, they didn't yet have any bowtie pasta. But they will. She said the beef was fantastic. Juicy and flavorful. And the kasha was yummy, she said, without being dry. Our friend: chicken soup with matzoh balls (I tried the matzoh ball...its light and airy...no lead bombs here!) and a bagel and nova (that's lox) platter. All very good.Alright, so here's where I swoon...The owner came over and offered us each a slice of the cheese pie. Cheesecake is normally cream cheese and sour cream mixed together to make a batter. But what he brought to the table was a cream cheese base with a separate layer of sweetened sour cream on top, in a graham cracker crust. A true and honest cheese pie. The thing is, my grandmother used to make the EXACT SAME PIE...I still have the recipe! Friends, this pie is not to be missed. No, you won't have the memory of eating it at my grandmother's kitchen table, but you'll enjoy it anyway. Just...not as much as I will. Its fantastic and every bit as good as my memory. I don't think I can go to Weinberg's, know that its there, and not have a slice.Yes...I'm frothing a bit. But I promise that if the food was bad, I'd say so. This is the food of my youth, and its special to me...to do it badly would draw my ire, regardless of how well intentioned. In Weinberg's case, what glitches there were...service was a little slow, but again, we went in expecting glitches...are hopefully temporary and far outweighed by the very VERY good food. They have food available nowhere else here...including smoked whitefish (a personal fave). The food may be new to a lot of people here, but I promise you'll like it. And if you don't wash your sandwich down with a Dr. Brown's, you're doing it wrong.  ;-)
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2011,6/26/2012,53,92,3,15,6>This place is amazing. The outside is sketch, so most people probably don't go in.It is served cafeteria style and is "southern cooking." The mac-and-cheese is out of this world.The menu changes daily, but they always have fried chicken and fried fish with a variety of desserts. My fellow students and I love this place and consider it a treat to go here. PLUS, it is around 5 bucks for an awesome meal.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,6/25/2012,43,376,2,5,2>Here I was, thinking Fullsteam was just a brewery.  How was I wrong! Admittingly I'm not a beer fan, but I fully support everything that Fullsteam does.  Spacious bar, game room and outdoor patio.  Bar staff is very friendly, the beers (from what I hear are great) and they have a decent selection of other drinks (wine).  What I really think is cool is their snack selection: Reliable cheese plate, bags of chips and water-blanched peanuts from Rocky Mount (a jar for $5. double triple bonus points for this!).  They also have a game room with a number of arcade games and a ping-pong table (just need to leave your license at the bar for the paddles).  Fullsteam is a great place to meet up with friends for a drink and especially so when they have visiting food trucks!  Trucks typically park outside, making a great excuse to try enjoy some food and brews.  Will definitely visit again soon, and support this local, cool business anytime I can.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,6/24/2012,37,5,3,14,12>I walked into Looking Glass Café last night around 9ish with a bit of a bad attitude. I had just gotten off of work, was still dressed in the wrinkled, sour-mix splashed dress shirt that is my bar backing uniform, and was thoroughly disappointed that I had missed most of Looking Glass's weekly trivia night. Five minutes of taking in the warm, laughter-filled room and I had completely forgotten about the day's stress.I argued with myself for a moment, weighing my options of alcohol verses caffeine, and settled on a hot cup of coffee (though the bottle of Alagash White looked incredibly appealing). I took a seat on a plush couch near the front of the café and watched with amused interest as groups of four huddled together deep in whispered debate.  The topic: Idiot Celebrities. The question: Which idiot celebrity said, "So, where's the Cannes Film Festival being help this year?" LOL. The music was off, a rarity here, and those who were not participants in the game sat with laptops open, earplugs in, hard at work (or play).  Even the baristas were enjoying the festivities, being contestants themselves. I wonder if they were the Slumpbusters or Koalas?I eyed the pastries behind the glass: muffins, brownies, lemon squares... but decided that coffee would suffice. On a side note, I have snacked and had full meals at Looking Glass and am rarely disappointed. They get their pastries from a variety of local establishments, Local Cookie and Kelly G. Cupcakes to name a few, and make a damn good grilled cheese and bruschetta bagel. The burritos are just meh. I do believe you can find tastier, cheaper options elsewhere. The quesadillas, however, are pretty bangin'. They would get bonus points if they offered something other than potato chips to accompany their sandwiches, but considering what their competitors offer by way of meals, they're a 5-star notch above the rest.The inside of the café is fantastic - spacious, plenty of seating at clean, brushed steel tables, an abundance of outlets, and beautiful chalkboard art lining the wall. That said, it's saying a lot when I tell you that the patio is where this place shines. I went outside for some fresh air, and couldn't help but be impressed with my surroundings. I guess I had never really noticed before how serene the outside seating is. A fan was softly rotating, blowing cool air, a welcome addition to the very warm night. I imagine non-smokers are very grateful for this perk when it wafts cancer-inducing smoke away. Tiny white lights and giant red paper lanterns line the roof and create a soft, romantically lit setting. The seating over pours onto the front and sides of the patio, offering over-sized umbrellas or trees to provide shade during hot afternoons. Did I mention the hammock? Yeah, they have a hammock.Overall, an awesome, relaxing evening at Looking Glass. They have won me over, time and again, with their generous selection of beverages (Italian sodas, beer & wine, espresso creations), tasty treats, ample seating, and their come all, welcoming, neighborhood vibe. I promise you won't be disappointed.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,12/3/2012,49,8,8,17,8>I have been driving by this place on my way to work everyday, watching, waiting for it to open. What the heck is a Moustache Cafe, anyway? I expected something incredibly hipsterish, with overpriced crap deli food.I convinced a group of coworkers to go experiment and try the place out with me. Everyone was of the impression that it would be a terrible experience, since the place was new. However, what I found was delightfully the contrary. The first thing I noticed as I walked in was the cashier's smile. He was so happy to see all of us and immediately explained everything on the menu. My coworkers and I all ordered different things (Ground Chuck Kabob, Lamb Kabob, Chicken Kabob) with the different spices. Let me tell you this - they were AMAZING. The meat is so tender, you can tell it's been marinating for hours. It's cooked with amazing care. To be honest, Mediterranean/Persian/Iranian food is my favorite type, and this might be the best meat I've ever tasted. Plus, it's local, free-range, organic meat. It is protein nirvana! Tangent: I really think their portrait of Tom Selleck should be much larger, as he is the Godfather of Moustaches. You have to wait a little bit for your meal to cook. It's not long, but if you're expecting something like Greek Fiesta, this ain't it. The meals come with rice/salad/bread and a free side, but don't let the menu confuse you. It's essentially 2 sides with the meal. If you get the special, you get TONS of food for $8. It's well worth the price, for sure. I have not tasted something I did not like from this place. I want to try the Chicken Liver Pate and hummus plate when I return. I am trying really hard to not eat here every day for lunch, but my willpower is weakening!EDIT: So I did return for lunch this week. Second impressions live up to the first! I ate the lamb kabob. IT IS THE BEST THING EVAAAA. The cook, Michael, made sure I was trying the lamb (I think it's his specialty). The wait staff was so attentive. And they have free hot Persian tea that I didn't know about until now. Delicious! Also, the sauces they have by the silverware are some great house made sauces. The basil cream on the chicken thigh? I'm getting the vapors! Also, I tried the eggplant appetizer and the hummus plate. Why did no one tell me tasty things tasted so good? I am making this place a regular spot and will go at least once a week.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,12/2/2012,230,281,2,8,5>I'm a big fan of all the retro-looking ballparks that were built in the 90s and 00s. The Durham Bulls Athletic Park (DBAP) is one of the best. Since it opened in 1995, continuous renovations have made it an archetype for the perfect minor league ballpark.While I wish we had a minor league team in the City of Raleigh, I can never complain once I get to the American Tobacco Historic District in Durham. Parking is a breeze and inexpensive (especially if you find one on the streets nearby!). If you arrive early for a game, head to Tyler's Taproom to grab a brew at one of their three bars. You can buy tickets online, or outside the park. Most seats in the park are under $10.The DBAP, like my favorite park--Fenway Park, feels like a living museum. Inside and outside you will find artifacts of year's past. I think part of that was because the previous park (the Durham Athletic Park) was loved so much by fans that they needed to go a little extra to make the DBAP feel like home. The DBAP did so well attracting more fans, that the Bulls were promoted from Class A Advanced to AAA (the highest minor league class) in 1998.Like the trend in Major League Baseball parks, you will find an assortment of non-standard concession food at the DBAP, like Chic-fil-A, The Pit, Papa John's and Moe's Southwest Grill. Personally, I stick to the hot dogs and beer. Hot dogs are $1 each on Thursday nights!While I am a Red Sox fan, I will root for the Bulls every game, except when they're playing the Pawtucket Red Sox! The Blue Monster, the cousin of Fenway Park's Green Monster, in left field makes me feel like home. Plus, once upon a time, the Bulls were an affiliate for the Red Sox (in the 40s).
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,12/1/2012,69,760,,6,4>Q:  Where do I take my bride to celebrate 12 years of wedded bliss, on a Sunday evening where we can enjoy a glass of Kir Royale and some simple French Quisine?A: Kitchen in Chapel Hill.  I told her we were going to "powder blue country" and she didn't need to know any more than that.  I wanted it to be a surprise.  A few weeks earlier she had talked about wanting to go to a French Restaurant for dinner and I did some homework on local French Restaurants, but the one I really wanted to take her to was closed on Sundays.  Not Good!  I went round and round and Kitchen seemed to be the logical choice every time I went around.The exterior gives the place a bit of a "hole in the wall" look to it - the building is obviously aged and outdated architecture.  When we arrived and found our way to the door, we were quickly ushered to a small table near the kitchen.  The setting is a little dark - with what seemed like a burlap curtain hanging around the entrance-way so as not to disturb the ambiance inside whenever the door opened.  The interior is a bit aged, dark wood paneling up to a point, then a yellowish background from there to the ceiling, and light colored wooden tables.  There are cooks aprons hung on the walls with signatures from various people, representing various places, wishing luck and success with "Kitchen"  There aren't any booths here.The Good: it's not on Franklin Street so parking isn't a big issueIt's very small - very cozy, very intimate (this could also prove to be not so good depending on the company one is keeping)The service is superb!  Whitney wasn't perfect (not that I expect perfection), but she did a terrific job in making sure we were well taken care of.The duck confit was served with grilled peaches - that truly made the dish excellent!Kir Royale!  Need I say more?Lemon crepe with blueberries and cream for dessert!The Bad:Limited selection of French dishes on the menu.  It seemed like there were only about 5 entrees to choose from, and one of those appeared to be a burger.Unless I missed it, I didn't see duck pate' on the menu.Limited Sunday Hours - 5-8:30pm combined with they don't take reservations, luckily there was a single table available as we walked in the door, just as though it was indeed reserved for us.Noise levels - when the place is full, there's a lot of background noise - the low drone of people talking, making it difficult to have a conversation of our own.The ugly:Nothing to report here.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,11/30/2012,12,337,,11,4>Saw the opening of The Refectory nearby in and morning newspaper and we  hit it for lunch today. It was excellent. A nicely decorated interior and lots of nice outdoor dining, plus great food choices. We tried the chicken salad & the tuna salad wraps, the veggie chili and the lentil soup. Everything was really good; service was friendly and fast; the crowd was jumping; the prices were very reasonable.  The Refectory Cafe is a wonderful addition to the area.  This is becoming a "miracle mile" along Route 15-501, with Biscuitville, The Refectory, Gugelhupf, Fosters', Nana Taco, Q-Shack, Nana's, Thai Cafe, Shrimp Boats and Happy China all within a mile....wow....good place to go for a variety of quality fare. Give it a try!
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2012,11/29/2012,32,398,3,4,5>Beer.I came here for beer. Burgers were just an excuse - something to justify lunch. Which, in turn, justified drinking at noon. *high five*I really appreciated the fact that they made all the food from scratch in house. And the food was pretty high quality. I would have liked it more if it was a bit more explicit about how it could have been customized, but it was good. A little overpriced for what you get, but not by a wide margin.Beer was generally good. I didn't like all the brews, but that's because I'm not a huge fan of all the styles. The fiance and I definitely, collectively, like all the beer, so it wasn't a problem to finish a flight. I did find a couple brews I REALLY liked and would gladly order when I go back. And I will be back.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,11/28/2012,39,145,2,8,10>You know the place you go to once, and it just feels like home? The servers are friendly, the patrons are decent, the atmosphere is mellow and the food is great? Well thats Dain's Place, our neighborhood bar.The burgers here are great, and the even have oreos and milk for desert! Full bar and the beer selection is more than adequate.One more thing that really speaks a ton about this place and the kind of establishment they are running. If you are familiar with this area, and spend enough time on ninth street, or the Durham Farmers Market, you will know the man with the longish grey hair who happily plays his guitar for all the passers by. Well he came in and sat down next to us at the bar didn't speak a word and was served oreos and milk. I got the attention of the bartender and asked him if I could cover his meal. I was surprised to find out that my offer was unnecessary because Dain's Place already takes care of him. I wont lie, this brought a tear to my eye, and made me really appreciate where I live and the wonderful people we have around us.Sometimes it is more than the food, drinks, deserts, or service. This is a top notch business who cares about their neighborhood and the people who reside within. It is a bonus that their food is awesome!Well done Dain's Place, well done!PS, Try the Dainer with tots, you wont be disappointed.PSs, Opened for Saturday morning breakfast.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,11/27/2012,238,80,3,13,8>Jordan Lake is a excellent park to explore.  There's alot of different access points, but a lesser known one is the New Hope Overlook and it's amazing.  It's pretty much the southern most access point and you get to by heading south at Wilsonville / HWY 64.Drive all the way in and you'll find a small lot near the restrooms.  If you want a great walk / hike in the woods with wonderful views of the lake in spots, this is for you.  You enter the trail to the left of the parking lot.  You'll have two options... a hike of about 2.5 miles and an extension to that were you go hike that will give you a full 5 mile trek.  Be sure to stop at the places that rub along the edge of the lake and don't be afraid to leave the trail to explore the shore.  It's gorgeous.Tip for people not use to hiking this area... if you don't like the occasional cobweb, carry a stick or arrive after you're sure someone else has probably been on the trail.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,11/26/2012,346,337,4,12,8>A True Neighborhood BarVisits: manyR-Line Stop: R9Don't you want to go to a place where everyone knows your name? For those folks old enough to remember the sitcom Cheers, The Borough is that place. My husband and I rented a condo in The Dawson when we first moved to downtown Raleigh about 4 years ago. The Borough, which is located in a prime spot in the first floor of The Dawson, quickly became our local hangout. Only after two visits, the owner, Liz, knew our name and many of the wait staff, bartenders, and other patrons recognized us. Since The Dawson doesn't have any 'common spaces', The Borough acts as a gathering place for many of the residents of The Dawson. We met some of our neighbors at The Borough and became friends. One of the first things that comes to mind besides the easy-going, friendly atmosphere, is the drinks are well made at The Borough. I dislike weak and syrupy sweet drinks and you won't get one at The Borough....thankfully! Some of my favorite drinks are mojitos, margaritas, and Cosmos. I've had each of them many times at The Borough and they always taste great. For the mojitos, they use fresh mint and actually muddle it with slices of lime to get a minty and citrus tangy flavor with a decent aliquot of rum. They also offer a list of 'house' cocktails that are unique and truly inspired. One I remember in particularly was a drink featured for Obama having a splash of Hawaiian pineapple juice and was served with a cigarette. Fun! (I don't smoke but I thought the presentation was fun and made me laugh and my friends who smoke said the flavors of the drink combined exceptionally well with the cig.)I've had the majority of the items on the menu. When I used to eat meat, I enjoyed the "Brute Squad", a delicious cheeseburger made with high quality ground beef (a half pound to fill up the big boys!) with fried onions on a big toasted bun minus the mushrooms. The "Brute Squad" was and still is my Mom's favorite. When I want something lighter, I go for one of the salads. I favor the "Dizzy's Bent Trumpet" consisting of a bed of fresh greens topped with slices of pear, bleu cheese, red onions with a balsamic vinaigrette. I don't like bleu cheese and request a sub of Monterey jack cheese instead which is never problem. The pistachio nuts really make this salad special. For their salads, The Borough offers a whole list of tasty dressings. Now that I follow a pescatarian diet, I'm able to find lots of options on the menu. I really like the "Blackbeard" which is the same as the "Brute Squad" except the beef is replaced with a moist, flavorful bean patty. If you're into veggie patties, you should try the "It's Easier Than You Think", which is a mouth water, savory spinach burger. The sandwiches come with a side of fries which are excellent but if you wish for a 'healthier' side companion try steamed broccoli. My favorite appetizer is the "What's In A Name", which is a black bean based salsa. It has a little heat, hearty, and great to share. Plus The Borough has half price apps M-F from 4-7pm. Lastly, I have to mention the chocolate cake. The Borough has a rotating list of desserts and all I have tried are good but the 7 layer chocolate cake is the best! I love the moist layers of chocolate cake and the rich, super creamy, dark chocolate frosting. It will definitely satisfy your chocolate craving!The Borough has an outdoor patio on the corner of Dawson (Route 70) and Morgan Streets that is shaded in the late afternoon. It's fun to watch the traffic go speeding by. Once in a while on a weekend night, some of the 'performers' from Legends may stop by for a pre-performance beverage. So you may get a sneak peek of the fun to be had around the corner. The servers are laid back and helpful. This is a place where rushing is not the norm. So chill and enjoy a good meal and a good drink with amicable people in your neighborhood (or your neighborhood for the night).
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,11/25/2012,611,755,4,14,6>Ok, I finally get this place!  I bought 20 cupcakes from Sugarland but had yet to actually try one, they went out as office gifts over the last month or so.  I had been in to visit this new Sugarland in Cameron Village for a couple of gelato hits which were pretty good.  However, the cupcakes are where it's at, baby!  Just yesterday I dropped off a dozen for my Marketing services group and at the end of the day, there were two lonely cupcakes left.  I grabbed what I think was an almond cupcake, the monkey kisses, mango tango and vanilla-chocolate flavors had already been devoured.  Sugarland doesn't do behemoth sized treats, they are about average but whoa-so-good!  The frosting was a light buttercream with just the right amount of density and sweetness.  The cake was moist without being spongy, more like real cake and then the jackpot, cream center!  Wow, great stuff.  Yeah, I'm a guy but still enjoy a cupcake every now and then.  Don't miss Sugarland's cupcake special on Tuesday: 1/2 price on eat-in, 4 for $10 on carry-out.  Because yeah, Sugarland is oh so sweet...
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2012,11/24/2012,53,110,3,5,3>Hooray for a UYE brunch buffet!  It's always exciting to try a new buffet and Geer St. did not let me down.  From the biscuits and gravy to the bacon hash and the hand-made sausage patties, I enjoyed just about everything on my plate. It's not a gigantic selection, but it's got enough of your classic breakfast items, including french toast, grits, eggs, bacon and quiche. I remember seeing someone make their own sausage biscuit, and having already cleaned about 4 plates, I cursed myself for not thinking of that before.  $11 covers the buffet and includes coffee, sweet tea, and/or soda, which is a pretty solid deal.For dessert I finished things up with some banana pudding and plenty of fresh fruit, also part of the buffet.  I really don't have any complaints.  There wasn't anything too imaginative or particularly mind blowing, which is the main thing putting it short of 5 stars for me, but Geer St. Garden has discovered the cure for the hangover and it's on display every Sunday on their brunch buffet.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2010,9/24/2011,81,795,,8,3>Having a consignment store in a turn of the (last) century house makes browsing like opening lots of presents. Leaving one room and entering another brings with it the anticipation of a new find of the perfect shirt, pants, sweater, dress, scarf, etc. As you walk down the hallway, you'll see luggage sets in the most eye-catching patterns (one set was pink with big polka dots) and some unusual jewelry and bags. My Girlfriend's Closet is a cute store where a surprise exists in every room. There's a selection of good quality clothing for nearly every taste, from the casual to the semi-formal, and even accessories to complete the look. I couldn't quite figure out how the clothes were separated, although it appears each room has a different range of sizes. One room was nothing but shoes. It's cozy in here, in the back rooms, so if you're really claustrophobic, stopping here will require a few deep breaths. The prices, a tad higher than other, similar consignment stores in the area, are still well below retail; but even then, MGC comes with a promise of finding that perfect wardrobe filler. You can't say that about many places and particularly in a setting that carries with it that promise.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,9/23/2011,70,246,3,12,3>Today I was invited to lunch with some co-workers at Bistro at the Park in Cary.   I hadn't heard of the restaurant and asked it was new, and they said no, it's been around for a while and it's one of the best lunch buffets in the area.  I was sent a pdf of today's menu which included pork loin with pommery sauce and fish fillets, and thought it didn't sound too bad.  I usually don't eat too much plain American food but if the food is done well, I'm game.The Bistro In The Park is actually the restaurant in the Embassy Suites in Cary, on Harrison Oaks Blvd.  I don't think it has a separate entrance or a sign that states "Bistro In The Park", so I imagine they don't get much drive-by business.They serve food from a menu and a lunch buffet, and we all took the lunch buffet.  At $8.95 it's actually cheaper than many of the lunch buffets in the area.  They offer 2 main entrees, a vegetable, and a "starch", a salad bar, and a selection of desserts.  Even though there's not a whole lot of selection, the buffet changes each day so you can always try something new.I started with a small salad with ranch dressing and chicken/chickpea soup.  The salad wasn't fabulous, but the soup was amazing.  I don't know what the spices were in the soup, but they were just great.The buffet selection today was pork with pommery (mustard) sauce, fish fillets, red potato slices and vegetable medly.  The vegetables weren't overcooked at all, but squash wouldn't be my preferred choice.  The red potatoes were good.  The pork was just amazing.  It tasted like they had done a real emulsion with the sauce, and the pork was so very tender I could cut it easily with my fork.  The fish wasn't nearly as good as the pork, but it was still pretty good.  I ate everything and wasn't disappointed.The desserts looked so pretty, each with their own sauce and garnish.  I picked both the chocolate cake and the thing that looked like chocolate cheesecake.  The chocolate cake was good, though not the best I've ever had.  But the chocolate cheesecake turned out to be the biggest surprise of the lunch.  It was not cheesecake, and it may have had chocolate, but that wasn't the dominant flavor.  I'm going to just call it a coffee French Silk Pie, because I don't know how else to describe it.  It had a very strong coffee flavor, but was incredibly light and fluffy.  It was so good, I could have eaten 5 slices of it.  I would love to get the recipe for it.I was really impressed with the high quality of the buffet, for such a reasonable price.  The restaurant was spacious and open with the soothing sound of the waterfall in the background.  The buffet was clean and well-stocked.  The atmosphere was gorgeous, especially if you get to sit near the koi pond.  They have the biggest koi there!   They must be 20+ years old.I was surprised to find such high quality in a buffet with this restaurant and I hope it starts pulling in more outside business.  It'd be a shame if this restaurant stayed a secret. The buffet is available between 11am and 2pm, and I believe the rest of the day until 10pm they just serve food off the menu.  I did check out the menu too, and they serve a lot of traditional American entrees at reasonable prices.I'm going back again today, they're serving grilled chicken w/ herb sundried cream (??) and sliced flank with mushroom sauce.  I just really hope they've got more of that awesome coffee French silk pie!
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2011,9/22/2011,236,354,5,11,8>I've heard raves about this place from several folks so tonight when a friend and I were talking about dinner I went ahead and suggested his apparent favorite place, "why not Serena?"  He replied, "hell yeah!"  So we met at the patio and sat underneath a gondola / gazebo type set up on lawn furniture and relaxed like we had not in quite some time.  My friend is somewhat of a Serena regular so he was telling me how inside they have the full array of liquor from regular on to the TOP shelf good stuff.  They also have TVs, and Nintendo...okay well, I call all video games, but yeah.  They have those too.  Alright, fine by me.  All I cared about was the chill (and what appeared to be) classy environment although I admittedly wondered how adding video games to a restaurant and bar creates class.  Whatever.  Mario just doesn't light my fire as much as it used to.  But good wine does...Their motto is "Where RTP Professionals Meet to Eat & Drink."  They have the goods at that bar.  They really do.  My friend got a beer although I don't remember which one.  I asked about the wines and our server could tell me quite a bit about the ones I was interested in.  I went with a Riesling and never loved a Riesling quite so much.  It was the perfect marriage of calm, sweet, and relaxing finesse.  I enjoyed a couple of them...There are complaints in other reviews about the menu. I agree with them. It's a large piece of paper stuffed in a plastic sheet with really small text and a little confusing the way it's organized. Please don't ruin my already-scarred-from-too-much- reading vision Serena. Despite this, their menu's got some really good stuff on it! I picked a pasta dish for my dinner. Went with Rigatoni with Babystone Cherry Clam Sauce. Let me just say that my favorite dish hands down is my Mom's linguine with white wine clam sauce and most places, like myself, are incapable of replicating it. Serena did a damn good job! Bravo! The dish came out with the perfect blend of white wine clam sauce, minced clams, and mini clams (in the shell). My friend got the Rigatoni Garlic EVOO dish and loved that too.Delicious Sicilian Style Food for sure!  Again, I complain about my vision though because we sat there for a few hours, as it got darker and darker and they did not seem to have much lighting on the patio area for us which would have been nice.  It's a great location literally right off Exit 282 from I-40 and not far from 540 either.  If I end up working in Durham, I'll def be one of those RTP Professionals meeting at Serena.  If not, I'll just pop by for another relaxing feel good evening anyway.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,9/21/2011,89,301,3,6,3>Living in Carrboro, this has become a staple for me to shop in.  I don't get all of my groceries here but it is quick and easy though construction right now is a bit of a hassle.For me it is a bit like, a closer to home, Trader Joe's in that I can get different items than I couldn't find at a regular grocery store with enough that I could get basics as well.I love their deli/take out service.  We ordered a lot of our sides for Thanksgiving and Christmas from here and the whole process from ordering on line and picking it up was a snap.  The food was delicious and tasted home made.  Very reasonable prices as well.My main love for WSM is for the Macaroni and Cheese you can take out.  Seriously, that stuff is the real deal and I have been known to put away 3-4 containers of that a week.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2011,9/19/2011,42,129,2,5,3>Definitely a fan of Toreros.  They have my FAVORITE salsa in the area.  I know salsa can be a lot about personal preference but this one manages to be chunky and liquidy at the same time.  With A LOT of cilantro!I usually opt for veggies at most Mexican places but you can't miss the picadillo here.  A mix of beef and pork that is the tops!  You definitely need to try it!  I opt to put it in a taco but I'm sure it would be good in any fashion. (Be careful though, picadillo does NOT mean that same thing at all restaurants.)The only thing that sometimes disappoints at Toreros (and you can call me crazy after this) are the refried beans.  Sometimes, to me, they taste like peanut butter.  I know...crazy.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2011,9/18/2011,64,257,,10,5>Disclaimer: My address used to be in France. So yeah, I'll admit I'm a little picky when it comes to food that claims to be French!The spouse and I had lunch at Coquette with some friends for Triangle Restaurant Week, and while it wasn't a weekend jaunt back to Louveciennes, it was pleasant. The decor reminded me less of an actual French brasserie and more of a favourite French restaurant in Charleston, SC, but that wasn't a bad thing. Upon being seated, our drink orders were taken and in short order, bread arrived. I didn't have a cocktail myself (nothing says 'lunchtime tipple' like having the Harris Teeter next on your list, right?), but I hear the cocktail with the cassis is the one to choose if you do.Escargot was a must; though the snails were tender and nicely cooked, a little more fresh garlic wouldn't have been out of order. The oil made an excellent excuse to finish off the bread, too. We all opted for the TRW menu; two of us had the watermelon and heirloom tomato salad and two had the chilled bisque. There were exactly two pieces of tomato in among the generous serving of watermelon in my salad and one in my friend's, but that was fine because we both like watermelon! The feta and herb dressing provided just enough tang to tame the sweetness and point up the refreshing qualities of the melon. The bisque was pronounced 'very good', and its tartness praised. I tried a spoonful, and agree that the tartness cut through the richness of the bisque.All of us got the BLTs, two with no 'B' -- we joked that they should put our unwanted bacon on our friends' sandwiches, and when they came out we wondered if they had! There was so much bacon all we needed was a squeal and a tail and we'd have had a pig. Also in heavy presence were the fries. LOTS of fries. I mean LOTS. Easily four servings apiece were piled alongside the sandwiches, and I will say that about 90% were boxed up to be taken home to make cheese fries for a late-night snack. My B-LessLT was enhanced by the addition of tangy mustard, which balanced the egg and cheese. The bread, while not exactly Paris-standard, was neither too chewy nor too crisp, the tomato had a good flavour and the lettuce was tender and fresh the way non-iceberg should be. For desserts, I opted for the creme caramel while everyone else went for the frozen mango concoction that was a hit on a sultry summer day. Fruity and cool, it was meant to be slowly shaved away with a spoon and enjoyed. The mango flavour was full, and presentation was lovely. The creme caramel was lusciously silky and had the intensity of burnt sugar that I adore without any overwhelming sweetness, and the varied blackberries, red raspberries and golden raspberries provided a nice counterpoint to the almost whiskylike depth of the caramel.While I noticed other tables being served briskly, our server made note of our lack of business attire and faint sense of hurry, as well as the presence of cocktails, and tailored his approach to be a little more languid, which suited our mood well. While the food and the lingering lunch didn't transport me back, it was still an enjoyable experience and I'm interested to return and see how the rest of the food stacks up to my memories!
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2010,9/17/2011,179,270,,6,4>I would fly to Key West to have Jack Mullins cut/color my hair. He has been cutting my hair since I was a Freshman @ NCSU....(give or take 16 yrs folks) this man is a genius!!! HIs close friend, and salon owner, Audrey, is also fantastic! I've known her for nearly the same period of time.These people listen to what you want, execute, and are willing to give you the honest feedback you need if you require a change. Just ask them, they will give it to you... honest feedback your friends won't...w/no charge. The salon is beautiful and clean! You won't be disappointed. These people love to help you look your best.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,9/16/2011,290,175,6,10,7>I'm always looking for an excuse to go here. It's my fave bar to sit at and snack around on the appetizers. Apparently, it's also a late night stop for me to do the same thing.I love the bartenders here. They think my jokes are funny, and sometimes pour me a little extra wine... to keep the jokes rolling is my guess...A bit on the expensive side, so my wine and oyster visits aren't as frequent as I'd like but totally worth it on a special occasion. Like say, 5:00 Friday? When I do sit down at the bar for this special occasion, it's hard for me to decide - a nice cocktail? Perhaps a lychee martini??? Or maybe a nice red wine? I've never been disappointed in either!When it's time to move onto food, I have to recommend the ceviche. It's one of the best and most fresh that I've had. The oysters are also fabulous to go along with wine too. I wish I could talk more about the food, beyond the apps list. But we never seem to make it that far! Maybe one day! Until then, all you need to know that other people think the food is great, I think the bar is great and it's a wonderful place to sit down with your beau and share some laughs!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,9/15/2011,42,93,,15,8>I must say I hit a home run when I took my family here for dinner Saturday night. My dad and his family immigrated from Argentina when he was small so eating here was like a homecoming for them. I had gone to Oakwood Cafe before and tried their empanadas and couldn't believe how close they were to my grandmother's recipe, I just had to bring the family back when my uncle was in town. As we're of Argentine background, we naturally stuck to that portion of the menu. We started the meal with a sampling of the empanadas (beef and spinach and cheese) and an order of the Provoletta. Seriously, you MUST order the Provoletta. It doesn't get more simple and delicious than provolone cheese grilled with olive oil and some spices! Most of us ordered the Baby Churrasco steak with different sides - if you want some pink in your meat, order it medium-rare. I tried the rice with spinach (you wouldn't expect this much flavor out of just spinach and rice) and the Tostones for my sides. Tostones are fried yuca - much like fried plantains, they were very starchy, much like a potato, but they were accompanied with a vinegar-based sauce at the bottom of the bowl for dipping. My aunt did try one of the fish entrees (Tilapia maybe?) and raved over it as well. I refrained from dessert so I wouldn't be rolling out of the restaurant overstuffed, but my family tried the Flan, Tres Leches, and Tiramisu, raving over everything. The flan and tres leches are both accompanied by a dollop of dulce de leche (sweetened condensed milk that is reduced down to a carmel colored topping). The highlight of the evening was when the owner came out and my grandfather, dad, and uncle got to speak with him. Definitely made the experience that much more authentic when they realized he was also from Argentina. I highly recommend trying Oakwood Cafe - you won't be disappointed!
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2011,9/14/2011,97,336,2,10,7>This is one of my favorite movie theaters to go to.  They have a nice size theater that can seat 460 people or so.  Do you want to know what makes this theater so great?  Are you listening?  Well here is my opinion.1)  You can bring your own snacks, popcorn, drinks, Bojangles, or Wendy's and they are not going to kick you out.2)  They sell concessions dirt cheap.  You are actually willing to buy stuff. You can get a drink and popcorn for under $3.  Doesn't that beat a $12.50 combo at other theaters.3)  The ticket price.  $2.50 for non students, and $1.50 for students.  I am not sure if that price is just for NCSU students, or all students.4)  If the above mentioned price is too much, then check the website.  They show entire series of films for FREE.  If they show a never been released advanced screening of a movie, it will always be free.  And many times they will have the director, actor or somebody from the film there.  Zach Galifianakis showed up for one of his screenings, after all he did go to NCSU.5)  You can take your kids to the movies there for all of the family friendly movies.6)  All the movies are free during the summer.  You know where I will be.Grab a pillow and blanket, head to NCSU and get comfy for your movie.  Really, I have seen people walk into the theater with pillows before.  I check out their schedule at least once a week, since they do add stuff at the last minute some times.  If I am in the area, I will walk in, and check their table in the front lobby.  They often place free goodies and promotional items on it.  Even free passes to other movies will be placed on the table, so it is worth checking out.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,2/3/2013,67,258,,9,3>After my first visit to the recently opened Swoon Boutique today, I'm definitely excited to have this place 5 minutes from home.  It's located in Main Street Square in Holly Springs (a mixed-use community with apartments & retail) across from the Wal Mart shopping center on Hwy 55.  It was pretty busy for a Tuesday afternoon, mainly with teens, some shopping while their moms picked up the tab (lucky girls).  I loved the clothes & accessories & thought most of the prices were reasonable (most expensive piece I saw maxed out around $100 but most of the tops were under $40), however, the style is definitely geared more towards young 20 somethings (& apparently teens based on the customers I saw today).  I only ended up buying a really cute pair of earrings for $12 but I'm sure I'll be back given it's close proximity to home & my frequent need for retail therapy. Also worth mentioning, the 2 ladies working were really friendly- and if you sign up for their email list you'll get a coupon for your birthday.  Maybe I'll update my review when I get mine in a couple weeks. :)
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,2/2/2013,22,92,,8,3>PieBird! I adore you! I was treated to a birthday lunch by my boss this afternoon. I ordered the Chicken Pot Pie hand pie and a cup of Tomato Basil Soup. It was the perfect size for lunch and everything was delicious. The pie crust (with an adorable little pie heart on the side) was perfection and there were BIG chunks of white meat chicken in my pie. My friends know that I hate peas, but I ate every single pea that was in that pie. Yum.The restaurant atmosphere is light and airy. There was plenty of seating and everything was clean. There is a full bar with a pie case on the end, which is the first thing you see when you walk in. The prices are amazing, $6.50 for 1 hand pie and a side makes for a wallet friendly and filling meal.The only reason I gave PieBird 4 stars instead of 5 is because easy parking is non-existent and we had terrible service, which makes me sad. We waited at the front to be seated, waited for drinks and menus, waited a while to order and the Pomme Frites that we ordered as an appetizer came out after we had already finished out lunch pies. Do not go there for lunch if you have to be somewhere after because the service is sloooowwww. I hope it is better in the future.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,2/1/2013,43,194,,5,2>I had seen Parker & Otis many times when headed somewhere downtown, but never stopped here until last Saturday morning when we decided to stop in for brunch before heading to World Beer Festival nearby at the Durham Bulls Athletic Park.It wasn't too hard to find nearby street parking and the first thing that was really appealing about this place was their large, covered outdoor patio. This spot was crowded, so we ended up eating inside where there were plenty of empty tables.The place itself was not at all what I expected - I had no idea about all of the food, gifts and drinks inside. If we had more time, I definitely would have spent some time browsing and I plan to come back sometime this fall to look for some unique Christmas gifts. They also had a good selection of wines from around the world.It took us a couple of minutes to figure out how ordering worked here, we were unsure of there was waiter service or you were supposed to order at the counter. It turns out, you order at the counter and they bring your food out to you. There is a seperate area for ordering coffee and other drinks.I ordered the BLT (your normal BLT w/ two eggs any style + cheese). Husband got the breakfast platter with two eggs any style with bacon and a cheese biscuit. My sister got the same and her boyfriend got the open-faced egg sandwich. Many of the lunch items seen in cases by the cashier looked really good - particularly the pesto pasta salad and the pimento cheese! I found the prices for brunch to be reasonable and the lunch menu looked reasonable as well.It took awhile for our food to arrive, which would probably be my only negative thing to say about Parker & Otis. However, it was worth the wait because the food was very good! My BLT was huge and I probably ate too much of it because it was so good. Everyone else liked their choices as well.I will definitely be back for lunch (many of the sandwiches sounded very good) and for browsing the cute shopping area when I have more time!
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,1/31/2013,97,192,1,12,5>I'll start bringing out of town folks here for breakfasts.  It was great!  The style here is very Southern and casual (although it IS in the historic area of DTR so some folks do tend to put on airs a bit).  The decor is cool, consisting of lots of old historic pictures, cigarette packs (yes that's what I wrote), Farm Equipment, and just really cool old things to look at.  It takes you back to a simpler time.  The menu was big but not overwhelming, and we took some time to peruse it and wonder what some things were (I didn't know about Red Eye Gravy or Sawmill Gravy, and then there was some kind of Brains on the menu too... we passed on that).  The Waitresses were very attentive, quick, and friendly, even though the place was packed on a Sunday. A huge crowd came in in front of us, and we were taking our time looking at the menu and the waitress let us know that she wanted to get our order in before the table of 15, or else our order would be behind theirs.  That was nice of her!  And very thoughtful, and shows her experience.  We took her up on it and placed our order, and had absolutely no regrets.I do recommend the spiced apples.  Its like hot applesauce x 100 in sweet, spicy comfort.  It was a great counter flavor to the saltiness of the sausage, gravy, and country ham.  Genius.  The biscuits were WONDERFUL.  They have everything you could ask for, and more.  I can't wait to go back!  My total bill was $10 something and my honey's was $11 something.  Really not bad for a full day's worth of awesome satisfaction!
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,1/30/2013,39,212,,9,4>It was love at first bite.I had been hearing much praise for this place. On my first day off in a while, I decided to drive down to Raleigh and try it. It was tough deciding on what to order, so I willingly selected more food that what I could eat, to take the rest home. I will never be able to eat store-bought pita again after trying Sitti's. Bubbles of bread, hot to the touch; pita that seems to melt in your mouth, not chewy at all. Yet not too thin either. One of the best breads I've ever had. Simply magnificent. That pita was also the best way to eat the best hummus I've ever had. I've been to the Middle East; not only is the hummus authentic, it's beyond outstanding. Smooth, creamy, with a pleasant lemon flavor. I ordered mine with ground beef and lamb. Beautifully presented. So good, in fact, I ordered a second hummus to indulge in the next day. The grape leaves were also fantastic, very well seasoned. Went great with the diced tomatoes on the side.I wasn't thrilled with the chicken shwarma, though. It was tender but under seasoned and bland. With the trimmings (onions, grilled tomato) it was ok. The rice was also not something to write home about. But with so many excellent things on the table, it was easy to forgive. Service was phenomenal, very attentive. My waitress was very nice and helpful in providing suggestions. Sitti, you've become one of my favorite restaurants. I told the waitress I intended to come back from my graduation dinner; I plan to keep that promise. This was a very special meal, well worth the trip down to Raleigh.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,1/29/2013,67,240,1,8,6>I used to visit Hemlock Bluffs pretty regularly while living in Cary for a quick mid day hike or to walk our pup. The park is ideal for a quick trip given its easy accessibility (right off of Kildaire Farm Road) and ample parking. The nature preserve itself is a little oasis in the middle of the ever increasing hustle and bustle of Cary. Though the preserve is by no means huge or expansive, it does offer three loop trails (Chestnut Oak, Swift Creek, and Beach Tree Cove) which are all mild in terms of intensity and range from 0.8 to 1.2 miles in total loop distance. Some portions of the trail are boardwalk (which is always awesome) and all are well-maintained. There are also numerous observation decks that allow you to look down into valleys or off into fields of wildflowers. Don't be surprised should you run into a few of nature's critters such as chipmunks, foxes, rabbits, snakes, or skinks as you traipse through the preserve. While you won't be doing any cross country hiking here, you definitely can get in a few good miles. There is also a small education center and gift shop for your perusal. Plus there are some volunteer opportunities here, and I believe Hemlock Bluffs is one of the local spots that REI has funded for preservation and maintenance activities (nice!). Hemlock Bluffs is one of those gems that are all so important to preserve in the face of ever increasing industrialization. Kudos to the Friends of Hemlock Bluffs group for doing what they do to ensure that preservation!
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,1/28/2013,152,347,5,10,8>i literally just walked out of the door of this place. I am so excited about this, I am yelping in the car!!Before I start raving about the food, I really need to make a big thank you out to the owners. They were sooo nice that they stayed open for us 50 minutes after their closing time. They didn't give us any attitude at all! The guy owner even came out to make sure our food was good. Ok, the food. This is the first and only place in the triangle that has korean fried chicken. They are double fried with minimal fried coating. The crunchyness of the crust mainly comes from the skin and it is very light, not heavily battered. You get to choose from 3 sauces;  garlic soy, sweet and spicy. The owner said that they will have a ginseng sauce next year. Talk about health in a piece of fried chicken. It tasted like perfection. The soy garlic sauce had a hint of sweetness to it with a load of garlic. I am not kissing anyone tonight that's for sure. The meat was so juicy and tender, which is hard to do with double fried chicken. They serve the chicken in a half or a whole, that means you get both the dark and white meat pieces. The fried chicken is a must.We also got the bibimbap that was only $6.50, and it was a very generous portion with 5 types of toppings. My bf said that the sauce was a little more spicy than what he is used to, so take a taste test first.We also got miso soup to start, which was a nice surprise. You best believe I'll be back here. Heck, I might even organize an fried chicken UYE out of it!
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,1/27/2013,167,179,2,6,4>Relocating to Raleigh from LA is a pretty heady task. Trying to find a place to live in a single weekend is even more daunting. After driving around a bit aimlessly for a while we spotted the HUE and pulled over. What initially drew us in was its proximity  to the downtown area.  The look of the place was also a plus since it was newer and on the modern side ( in an open airy way, not pretentiously). Another huge draw: they accept dogs!  There is a $300 nonrefundable pet fee but for your pup, that's truly a small price to pay. So we hopped out, took a look around and met Kristen the leasing agent. She was incredibly helpful and took her time answering all of our questions without the pushy salesy attitude. Overall she was purely refreshing. Long story short, we took a quick tour of the place, left with some info, came home to LA and proceeded to begin the leasing process. It's been exactly a week since our visit and we now officially have a place to live! Hooray! The whole application and rental process took place over the phone and internet  from opposite ends of the country and it was seamless. So far it's been an easy 5-Star experience.  After living there a while I'll be sure to update with a more accurate rating.. Wish us luck!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,1/26/2013,198,565,6,9,8>Okay, if I can be that limber, I will have to give myself a boot kick square on my own butt, for not coming to El Toro until now! What am I doing?! And I claim I'm the Taco King around this part? Shame shame on me!The only thing that can make authentic tacos better, is an amazing rainbow selection of salsa from a free-flowing buffet bar. The pepper green, the tomato red, the onion white, the verde, the roja, pico de gallo, and the roasted Anaheim, which is always fun because you wouldn't know if you got a sweet one or a spicy one until you are half way bitten into it!Even so, I don't think anything can make El Toro's tacos any better! These things are like those fresh off taco trucks, serving from a brick & mortar kitchen. The menu might be in English, but you can get the good stuff if you speak a little native. Good thing is, I speak fluent Taconese! A little lengua, a little tripa, and a little asada, and my triple (maiz) crown is complete. These things are already loaded with meat, and once you added your favorite salsa and whatnot, the tacos suddenly became the size of burrito in any other restaurants. Oh, and the burritos here? I ordered two for my friends, and these burritos are the size of fire logs, you can defend yourself against perps, or you can use them in emergency as flotation device.I will be back El Toro, and I will take down that largest burrito of yours. Be warn.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,1/25/2013,174,1518,7,8,4>I found it. I found New York pizza in the Triangle. Dear GOD I found it!!!First, this may not be the best pizza in the area. And I also acknowledge that NY-style pizza isn't everyone's favorite. But THIS place reminded me more of NY than any other. Oh, I am so happy!Why: the crust and the cheese. The crust was FOLDABLE, NY style. Every other slice I've had in the triangle has fallen apart in my hands :( The cheese was creamy-tasting, like so many by-the-slice joints. The slices had been clearly sitting out all day, but even after a few minutes of reheating, it hit the damn spot.Now on to the rest: The toppings weren't anything special. Despite the crust's integrity, it was rather bland-tasting. The sauce was sweet to the point of cloying. However, if you've read a few of my 4-star ratings lately because I'm so fabulous, darling, you'll notice that I'm unusually harsh on these places. Maybe it's because they are SO close to being 5 stars in my book that I'm vexed at the idea that they aren't going the extra mile (imho).But don't don't don't get me wrong. So far, from what I've tried in the Triangle, I don't think you can get anything close to what it's like to eat pizza in the big city, unless you go here. Still searching and keeping and open mind (and mouth). BRAVO Anna Maria's!
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,10/24/2012,179,270,4,7,6>I'mmmm Back!!! To review the Times yet again. I had to check out the expanded seating and menu. This place has hype, but does the hype hold up?First off, this is where guys go to drink beer. And they have food. Ok, the food is hands down better than The Saucer, who should close their kitchen all together in my opinion. I wouldn't serve that to dogs, but I digress.New on the scene is a tacos section. My friend and I each tried the shrimp and fish tacos respectively. Man, can they flash fry some stuff at The Times. Grilled is not an option there. It was flavorful and a build your own kind of variety, but healthy...not so much. They have a shredded chicken and carne asada as additional options. The waiters seemed less than knowledgeable or enthused about the menu. Now, beer, they knew a bit about that. I was disappointed that while they had gluten-free beer, they had gotten rid of their gluten-free vodka. Still. The atmosphere rules and I'm sure we'll be back to people watch.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,10/23/2012,114,375,,6,4>Everything* on this list was excellent:**House made wurst & sausages**Pierogi's**Baked oysters**Smoked pork shoulder special**Hanger steak**Schnitzel**Pork chop**Some cake**Flourless chocolate thing with baconAlso, they have what is considered to be the world's best Hefe-Weizen, *Schneider Weiss*, on draft, as well as a few other German standards.BTW, this place is German and POLISH, not Belgian. ("Aristotle was not Belgian!")* (my wife only hates 2 things: dill, and pickles; one of her sides had dill, another had pickles)
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2012,10/22/2012,50,138,2,4,4>Art gallery and frame shop. Pricey art, but it's local and cute. So if you like a drawing of an octopus on a thick mug, you can probably find that here. Mostly I'd like to mention as Andrew W. said, The lovely Saturday Market. "Raleigh's weekly, local, food and craft market featuring garden and oven-fresh goodies, handmade uniquities and more. Every Saturday from 9-2 pm May-Nov"It's really worth getting up early for cheap, local, delicious pastries, coffee, and a rad craft selection to browse. Plus it's an excuse to be in that historically beautiful hood.*BREAKING NEWS!* I read that the Sat Market is year round now! Woweezowee!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,10/21/2012,139,155,3,9,5>Busy Bee Cafe is always one of those places I peg away as a bar that just happens to serve food. And every time I go, I always take one look at their menu and think "pickled blueberry bruschetta? where did this come from?!" I've had blah experiences here for dinner and brunch before (had the grilled chicken sandwich with pears which I didn't love and then the short rib hash browns which were fairly delish), but it was my most recent visit with Kelly M. and Caroline S. that really wowed me. If this Yelp review means anything to you, order the Spinach "Burger."  Holy effing hell, this unique veggie burger was absolutely incredible. A house-made blend of spinach, artichoke hearts, feta and essence of deliciousness, I savored every bite of this sandwich and almost shed a tear when it was all gone. Paired with crunchy tots and two well-made house gin & tonics, I was an incredible happy camper. Our meal was also really cheap-- two dinners and four drinks came out to below $40.Follow Busy Bee on Facebook for notices on special beers on draft--they have an incredible list available, and are totally worth visiting for the beer and tots alone. Okay, the beer, tots AND the veggie burger ;)
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2012,10/20/2012,136,284,4,8,5>Are we at all surprised that I'm giving 4 stars to yet another Asian-style restaurant? (I have never turned down the opportunity to eat Chinese, Japanese, Thai, fusion and now...sushi, ever in my life. Not once.)I was incredibly pleased that on my first day at my brand new job (about 2 months ago, June 18) that the bosses wanted to take me and the other new hire out to lunch at Tasu. Free lunch? Rice? Call me, maybe?Tasu offers lots of favorites, including gyoza, tempura appetizers, as well as hibachi-style items for folks who like their food cooked. Our group shared the chicken lettuce wraps, which were nice. Hard to argue with BOGO sushi, so I tried the Florida roll and the Sweet Dragon roll. Both were very tasty, but I preferred the Florida (I think it was spicy tuna with avocado on top, though don't quote me.) About a month later (actually, a month to the day, though I didn't realize it at the time), a craving for sushi hit me hard at 11am during work. I made plans to head on over to Tasu and pick up a Florida roll to bring back to my desk. I ordered, paid and waited in the front of the restaurant, before the hostess brought me my single roll (no BOGO for take-out. Sorry folks.) in about 10 min. She offered me both regular and low-sodium soy sauce, and I was on my way. I hope to make this a special work-week treat every 18th of the month, and I plan on trying Tasu for dinner at some point.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,10/19/2012,108,135,,6,8>Wow! I haven't reviewed Foundation yet?!?! This Raleigh gem is a 'must' for out-of-towners, locals and anyone else with a pulse.From the street, you'll notice a few tables and chairs that don't really seem to belong to any specific place...you ask yourself 'what's this all about?'. What it's about, my friends, is tasty, high-quality, house-made speciality cocktails and ambiance out the wazoo.Head down the stairs and into the bar.  At first, the sheer variety of choice beverage might flumox you, but take your time. And when in doubt, ask the friendly staff what they recommend. I've always gotten an honest and thoughtful response. You can always get something tailor-made or if you're lucky you might get something off the 'secret menu' depending on who's tending bar that night. The cool, charmingly lit cellar and the original brick and concrete foundation walls, lend a sense of days-gone-by speakeasy romance.  It will get crowded though, so head in early if you want to have a conversation.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,10/18/2012,43,376,1,12,7>A new sophisticated bar in Downtown Durham.  Serving high-end cocktails in a sleek new space, Alley Twenty Six is a great addition to the downtown scene.  With a required membership ($10), Alley Twenty Six is keeping it classy.  A beautiful non-ostantious bar greets you while hip music plays and you're served a bottle of water and glasses to get you started.  In addition to the long bar there is a high table along the back wall, a handful of tables and several couches in the front. Take in the atmosphere as you try and decipher the menu of well-thought out drinks such as the Southern Gin Cocktail ($11) that features gin from Kings Mountain, NC.  It was perfectly iced down and served in an elegant glass.  Or try the Fourth Regiment Cocktail ($11), Alley Twenty Six's take on the manhattan or the Corpse Reviver No. 26 ($12) a mix of apple brandy topped with brut rose.  When your appetite hits, they have several Reliable Cheese plates or you could go for a cup of house-marinated olives ($5) or the NC Cheese and Crackers Plate ($5) - with home-made pimento cheese and local goat cheese.  A cheap, dive bar this is not.  It's classy and refined.  The bar staff were all wearing vests, were super helpful and attentive - they let us try some house-made okra and a lovely punch they concocted.  If you like peccadillo in Chapel Hill - this is your place, in fact we noticed one of the staff from peccadillo.  Looking for a nice night cap in downtown Durham?  Avoid the crowds, sit back and enjoy the music and the cocktails at Alley Twenty Six.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,10/17/2012,294,288,,9,3>If you are looking for one of those hidden gems to have a good sammich at, this place is your spot. Not sure how I found out about this cafe, but while doing errands around Raleigh I decided to duck in and find it. It is way back in an office complex building on Wade Park Blvd off Edwards Mill Rd, near Cardinal Gibbons High School area. If you didn't know it was there, you'd never look for it!There is a corner entrance so you don't have to go into the (very very nice) office building itself. It is a very modest, simple place but decorated nicely, see the pics I managed to nab. You order at the counter and the staff bring it out with your name as the identifer on the order. Their goods range from sandwiches and paninis, salads and soups, and even breakfast if you catch them early enough.  There are daily specials as well. As I stopped in on a Wednesday, I chose the Super Reuben daily special with corned beef and turkey with a side of chips. It was great, it is rarely that a sandwich satisfies me for a meal but this one did the trick, and pretty tasty to boot. They have a large assortment of drink options, from self serve fountain drinks to a self serve fridge of fruit juices and drinks and other assorted beverages. I got a Berkley & Jensen Mandarin Orange Sparking Water Beverage in a 20 oz bottle, delish...I'm going to remember that one. The staff were busy with their duties but nice and attentive on my visit. Catch 'em early though, because they are only open until 230pm. Nice for the office staff in this complex to get a good lunch.Bottom line: Great hidden gem for a good sammich. Lots of choices. Modest cafe but clean and nice, with good staff. There is even a nice park opposite the building so if you want to go outside and eat, you can enjoy (water fountain, sculpture art, benches, and all). I think these guys are going to see me again.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,10/16/2012,64,257,2,4,6>So Taqueria el Toro is in the corner of a tiny strip mall off the side of Tryon, with very little 'atmosphere' other than two taxidermied bull heads judging you silently while you eat. Unassuming? Yes. But who needs atmosphere when you have Food? Yes, capital-F Food; this place might look like nothing but it doesn't mess around. From simple tacos to sopes to big bowls of seafood soup loaded with crab claws and shrimp that I wish I spoke enough Spanish to figure out to order, the food is the star here and it shines.Tip: While the Taqueria's menu features English, knowing some Spanish will help you order if you have questions, like I did. My Spanish is almost all guesswork. I speak French, which has some similar words, but I understand even less Spanish than I speak unless I'm reading it. Fortunately a mix of a hasty lookup of Google Translate on my phone (mushrooms = hongos, FYI), my own childlike Spanish with a lot of please-and-thank-you mixed in, and a patient employee who seemed entertained by my terrible grammar resulted in two plates of delicious food and two glasses of milky-cool horchata. There are dine-in refills on that horchata, by the way, and that is magical.I ordered two mushroom tacos, which came loaded with sauteed mushrooms, onions and peppers on tender, soft corn tortillas. The spouse opted for the mushroom burrito, which was maybe a few ounces lighter than our youngest cat and which took up 95% of the plate. Then, on to the salsa bar! While it lacked the usual radish slices, there was a crisp, fresh cabbage slaw to be had that made up for the absence; it was delicious on the tacos and by itself. The various salsas don't indicate their levels of heat and there aren't any cups - you just pour over the food and go - so if you're not a fan of spice I'd recommend dabbing a little on the plate to taste before you do what I did and pour random spoonfuls of whatever looked good all over the food. I like spicy things, though, and this worked out well for me. There was also a container of roasted whole jalapenos, which is pretty much the spouse's dream condiment.The tacos were really, really good. Simple, but all the flavours shone through and everything tasted fresh. The spouse said that while his burrito might be smaller than the one at Chubby's, the tortilla was also thinner and there was a much more even ratio of rice to other filling, something he doesn't always get at Chubby's. His burrito came with cheese on top; my tacos appeared to be entirely dairy-free, which, if they're as vegetarian as claimed, might bump them up to vegan status. But everyone out there who can't live without meat for every meal, fear not! You have your choice of every part of the animal but the squeal, moo or cluck, prepared in a variety of ways and stuffed into your choice of a taco, burrito, quesadilla and more. Save a little room for some of the flan at the small grocery store next door, too, because it's a silken bite of burnt-sugar heaven.If you're looking for a slick, modern, haute cuisine kind of meal, go somewhere else. If you want honest, traditional food prepared simply and deliciously, come to Taqueria el Toro and prepare to enjoy yourself.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,10/15/2012,236,354,,10,6>I am absolutely in love with this place!  It is hands down my favorite place to get lunch from during the workweek.  I've had lunch there 6 times now -- sat outside on the patio twice, inside three times, and the other time we ordered in for lunch for an office meeting.  It is all hustle and bustle if you go during the regular lunch block hours so plan your visit well since this spot is so popular.  The last time I went was a few weeks ago.  I took my Dad there for lunch when he was passing through town.  He loved it just as much as I did and even declared that it was the best chicken sandwich he'd ever had!  They have great lunch specials in terms of sandwich, soup, and other offerings, but I stick with the "perfect pair" which lets you choose from half a sandwich, a cup of soup, or half salad and a drink for $7.99.    My fave is the Honey Ham Sandwich which is made up of Honey Ham with Swiss cheese, honey dijon mustard, lettuce, tomato & onion on thick-cut sourdough bread.  I always get mine without the LTO and it suits me quite well since ham sandwiches have always been my favorite.  That bread is so fresh too!  I get it with the Strawberry Pecan Salad which is made with mixed greens, onions, cucumbers, strawberries, blue cheese crumbles, craisins & candied pecans and your choice of dressing.  I always get raspberry vinaigrette with it and it's sooo good.  When we ordered in for a working lunch my coworkers each got salads and they were huge!  Everyone was very happy that I convinced them to order from William's.  I also ordered two Red Velvet cupcakes as a treat for my coworker's birthday.  Amazingly enough they were only $2 apiece.  And oh so tasty with that cream cheese icing...Once you place your order you take a number and sit down wherever you like.  Then someone brings your food out, but the service doesn't end there.  Someone is always floating around checking on tables to ask how everything is or if you need anything.  I've never been in a place that looks like a chain, but is not.  They have funky art on the walls and it's a very low-key atmosphere perfect to get a breath of fresh air from your workday.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,9/27/2010,44,135,,5,5>I have been an Ashley Christensen fan since my first visit to Raleigh back in 2000 when she was the chef of Enoteca Vin. At Vin it was normal to have Ashely come out of the kitchen to serve up one of the courses or come by to ask how the meal was going - a personal touch of customer service that during my three visits to Poole's over the past year is nice to see is still her style.Poole's Downtown Diner is upscale comfort food heaven for me served in a way that makes eating food so much fun: at Poole's you share your food. Last night we sampled pimento cheese, short ribs, fried green tomatoes, chocolate pudding, sole, fingerling potatoes wrapped in prosciutto coated with panko then fried and some cheesecake - not necessarily in that order. There was beer, drinks and wine. The pace was slow and we spent about two and a half hours grazing. There were four of us at the counter and we ordered our food two plates at a time as we chatted. This is how all of my Poole's visits have been: a slow-paced, pleasant experience of food and conversation.Ashley and crew: thanks for another memorable dinner! I look forward to my next visit.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2010,9/26/2010,49,185,,4,3>I went back here the other day and had a great meal. I actually tried their red curry and Tom Kha soup. I prefer the Tom Kha at Neo-Asia (formerly Neo-China) but otherwise this place is better IMO. The main thing I wanted to add was that I had an order of their daily special Tuna sashimi and it was INSANELY good. The best I'd ever had. It was cut very thick (almost like a 2 inch cube) and it just melted in my mouth like butter. I've lived in 3 port cities and have consumed copious amounts of raw fish and nothing compared to this. I fear that I'll now live my days searching for another piece of tuna as good without any chance of ever finding it.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,9/25/2010,81,795,,5,6>Oh yes. Chocolate ice cream soda!  Made with real seltzer, chocolate syrup and good humor vanilla ice cream.  Get that with a grilled cheese sandwich and life's good.  Ashworth Drugs is a throwback to a simpler time.  It's a small drug store with a sprinkling of sundry items including some not-often-seen things.  And the prices are very reasonable.   I really enjoy walking down the small aisles of this store just to see what they have.  Everytime I do there's always an eager employee asking if I need help finding something.  No mega-store here, just a small corner drug store the way they used to be.But that's not the only thing that makes Ashworth fun.  What does that is the lunch counter that has been waiting-line busy each time I've been there. With only a couple of tables and maybe 8 to 10 seats at the counter, you'll be treated to classic american diner food.  The lemonade is fresh-squeezed and tastes so much better than what you get at the store.  I think the orange-ade is also good, but the two older gentlemen sitting next to me one day were bemoaning the fact the diner did not use fresh-squeezed oranges but instead "ordinary" orange juice.   The non-ice cream food isn't anything spectacular, but it's the atmosphere and the americana feel to it that makes Ashworth a must-stop.  If you time it right during the day, you can hear stories from the long-time locals regaling each other with tales of their time on the tobacco farms. Classic.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2010,9/24/2010,18,171,2,4,3>Cooper's catered the meal for our wedding's rehearsal dinner.  We ordered food for the minimum delivery of 50 people.  They arrived on-time, and were very patient when our meal was delayed due to standard wedding challenges!  The food was delightfully tasty- pulled pork, fried chicken, slaw, potato salad, collard greens, hush puppies, pork skins, tea, lemonade, and water.  Delish!  We provided our own cake for dessert, but they do offer dessert options.  The price was extremely reasonable for the quantity of food, especially relative to other BBQ catering options in the area.Best of all, we had several guests unable to join us, due to traveling snafus.  Cooper's packed up the rest of the food in to-go containers, so we could enjoy more tastiness at home.We'd definitely use Cooper's for events in the future!!
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2010,9/23/2010,31,129,2,7,4>I'd been missing some good frozen yogurt since moving here from Vegas.  In Vegas, there are TONS of fro-yo shops where you can pick and choose flavors and toppings.  Local Yogurt is the only place like it that I've found in Durham so far.I just have to say that I am IN LOVE with their peanut butter frozen yogurt.  It's not too sweet, and is so good just by itself (and even better topped with Reese's pieces).  One of my favorite things is the white-board list filled with staff members' favorite combinations.  I could definitely see myself going to that for inspiration on days when I can't decide what to order.  I also like their sizes -- petite, small (which is still a ton of yogurt), medium, and large.It can get a little pricey since you pay by the ounce, but they have a member punch card that you can use to earn a free small yogurt creation (I think the 10th is free after you buy 9).  Another bonus is that Monday is Double-Punch Day, so you get two punches on your card when you buy just one yogurt!  Woohooo!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2010,9/22/2010,73,112,6,10,8>I've been on a roll lately (pun intended), and Hayashi extended that winning streak.I went here for a birthday dinner on a Tuesday night, which is apparently perfect if you want a slow atmosphere (weekend nights get full, you may need to wait a few minutes). Located in a basic strip mall with blacked-out windows, you wouldn't know how warm and charming it is inside. When you come in, the staff shouts 'Welcome' in Japanese. I would spell out how this sounds, but I can't even pronounce it, so you will need to go for yourself. Once you get inside, as you can see from some of the pics posted here, it's nicely decorated with traditional private seating in the back, a large stone wall along the side, and a sushi bar as well. The staff, is awesome, very friendly and warm. The sushi.. oh my. I am a self-admitted sushi lover, but not a connoisseur (aka sushi snob). I can tell you what I like, and this is outstanding. Usually, you can tell a good sushi restaurant by either their dynamite, volcano, or California rolls. We had  the volcano, and it's one of the freshest I have tasted. Other highlights: Under the Sea Roll (topped with seaweed and special sauce giving a great texture and taste), Mt. Fuji, Midnight Sun, and Ah Sho. Last but not least, the banana and ice cream tempura is the perfect desert if you have room left over. It was great to find this desert as many sushi restaurants offer this, but rarely do you find it together as a single plate.I went twice within a week of first visiting, and guess where I am going tonight? Mmmmm.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2010,9/21/2010,567,250,18,19,17>I love cooking and my husband loves my cooking. Perfect situation, right? Well, sometimes I don't feel like cooking and want to be cooked for. Meaning, I have to get my husband on the same page.Husband: What's for dinner?Me: Well, we have ingredients for tuna casserole. (he's not a fan)Husband: Hmmmm...how about getting pizza?Me: Ohhhhh...yeah! I can just as easily say I don't feel like cooking and then we are off to dine out. But, sometimes when there is food in the fridge, I have to convince myself to eat out. I love Dominic's thin crust pizza. The pizza here is uber-greasy. But, so freakin' delicious.Normally, I am snooty about greasy stuff. If it's greasy then it better be tasty! The ingredients are fresh and yummy that the grease adds to the tastiness. Just like its supposed to!Overall: One of my favorite neighborhood pizza joints that has reasonable prices and yummy goodness. There's a pizza here for everyone from veg-heads to meat lovers. Dig in!
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2010,9/20/2010,65,186,,7,6>You're cruising through Morrisville and itching for premium snackage and tah dah! There's that spot that you've heard lots about to your right. You swing the car in and give it a go. You hope there's truth behind all the rumblings. You go in. The place is deserted and you wonder where are all the Neomonde devotees? You hop in line. No wait, so you step right up. You buy a coffee and an assortment of baklavas. You head to your family in the car. It was then that we, as a family, bowed down to the Neomonde snack gods. Yummy, lovely, crispy, buttery, ladyfinger goodness. Luscious walnut baklava- you pleased my picky hubby. Muddy Dog coffee- you impressed two coffee snobs despite the tiny little creamers that we had to open one by one to pour into you (ARGH). Mr. Server, you were friendly, courteous and quick. An impulsive right turn became a right decision. Thank you Neomonde. We'll be back to give you a full on trial.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2010,9/19/2010,62,275,,7,4>Morning Times doesn't need my review, they know they're awesome. Find me here nearly every weekday morning for my freshly brewed cup of Counter Culture. It's a little like walking through a magical portal transporting you to Berkeley except the baristas are actually nice. When I am in a particularly weakened state, I have been known to order one of their fantastic biscuit breakfast sandwiches.  The sandwiches, salads and desserts in the front case are all top rate, if you work downtown and have a busy day ahead of you, grab one and stow it away for a no-hassle but still delightful lunchie.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2010,9/18/2010,66,252,3,10,6>Hubs and I headed to Jibarra last night with some friends. We had a reservation and were promptly seated at a table for four in the far left dining room adjacent to a curtain divider. Patrons at tables behind us experienced some issues with the sunlight streaming in, but the manager worked quickly to make sure nobody was blinded by the setting sun. Our waitress quickly introduced herself and asked if we'd been in before. We told her no, and she told us a bit about the restaurant and the types of food we would find here. She was friendly and informative. We all decided on cocktails and ended up with four different beverages. Everyone liked the beverages they received, and they were all adorned with flowers, fruits, or veggies. I selected the cucumber margarita and it was light and refreshing. For appetizers we tried the chihuahua cheese with tortillas and the cebiche sampler platter. Everyone enjoyed the assortment of cebiches, and most liked the classic version best. The quality of the ingredients was high, and the food was consistently good. For dinner entrees I ordered the chile relleno. When the platter arrived it contained the largest pablano chile I had ever seen, accompanied by the largest slice of zucchini I'd ever laid eyes on. For a moment I thought I was on the set of "Honey I Shrunk the Kids". However, the flavor of the dish was just as good as the presentation. Others ordered the flank steak, carnitas tacos, and another steak entree. All were equally gorgeous on the plate, and everyone enjoyed the food. The drinks kept flowing throughout the night, and most commented that they LOVED their cocktails. The drinks paired nicely with the food, and tamed the heat of the chipotle sauce and the heat in the amuse bouche that we were given from the kitchen. We had a great time, and the dining room is warm and sexy. Good food, great drinks, and a great experience - what more could you need for a great date night?
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2010,2/16/2010,254,415,5,11,7>Phydeaux, you're a beautiful pet boutique(/warehouse/superstore), that brings me pet foods and toys and amazing litter boxes at prices that beat Amazon [insert record scratch].That's right, located in Chapel Hill, there is an amazing pet boutique that isn't making money by over-charging you, but by bringing you the best, quirky pet foods, toys, clothes, etc, at LOW PRICES. It's clean(er than PetSmart, PetCo) and the selection is really unreal. I know the cutesy name and Elliot Road location wouldn't lead you to believe this, but it's true!The staff is really helpful and if you're a new pet owner, they'll point you in the right direction, which is a huge bonus for me... that and the fact that you introduced me to the Clevercat box, the most awesome cat litter box ever.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2010,2/15/2010,43,4,,5,4>Had breakfast at Hibernian this morning, and was duly impressed. Awesome Irish breakfast, with black pudding, brown bread, tomatoes, baked beans, eggs, bangers. Delicious and authentic.The interior is amazing. Cozy, with plenty of fireplaces and warm, worn wood surfaces. There's even a wireless network. I could totally see myself hanging out here and writing all day long, with a Guinness or two keeping me company.The service was excellent--they even let us come inside early, as we arrived twenty minutes before opening. I'd recommend the Hibernian to anyone seeking out an authentic pub experience in Cary.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2010,2/14/2010,100,280,2,9,5>As the 40 previous reviews have established:  Guglhupf is awesome.I prefer Guglhupf over Foster's.  The environment is light & airy & clean, the food is delicious and usually nicely presented, and it's chill.  Well, as chill as a place as busy as Guglhupf can be.  I cannot vouch for dinner, I have never been and I'm actually not a fan of them offering dinner (for selfish reasons).I think the best time to go on weekends is after the brunch rush.  So like noon to 1pm.  They stop serving food at 2pm.  Grab a table upstairs, still enough time to get food, and just chill & tool around on your laptop or do "work".My idea of a good Sunday morning!
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2010,2/13/2010,2,11,6,5,4>Cook Out is DEFINITELY as good as it gets for fast food!  I am totally addicted.  Fact: Joined a structured weight loss program to "trim down" before my wedding and told them at our first meeting, "I can not and will not give up my Cook-Out habit!"  (I had been eating there 5 times a week).  I did seriously curtail it to meet my weight loss goal, but when I returned from my honeymoon, I went STRAIGHT to Cook-Out!  They recognize my voice over the intercom...I usually get 2 small cheese burgers for my dogs (who are often in my SUV with me).  In fact, the dogs jump right in when I say, "Let's get hamburglars!"  (They don't know that I stole that term from McDonalds).  When I travel, I make my dog sitter promise to make Hamburglar runs in my absence.  I am a BIG BIG fan.  (Sadly, my health conscious husband has yet to eat here!)
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2010,2/12/2010,42,93,,9,5>I have to say, a salad is usually just an obligatory starter to get in the vegetables...there are very few places where I go just for a salad and for that matter wouldn't write an entire paragraph about it. Metro 8 is one place I'd go just for a salad. The Caesar salad was amazing with huge slices of the creamiest Parmesan cheese and the best croutons ever. My entree was the 8oz Churrasco (skirt steak)...the seasoning was just right and they new exactly what medium meant. There were intentions of saving half of my meal to take home as leftovers (this being a Wellness Committee dinner for my company after all), but they were pushed to the wayside...steak that good doesn't deserve leftover status. My side of spinach Alfredo, made with real baby spinach leaves (not that chopped stuff you get at the big box chain restaurants) was a little on the bitter side, but the chimichurri accompaniment mixed in perfectly with the spinach and Alfredo sauce to balance out the bitterness of the spinach. Dessert, though, was what I was super excited about. I've made my grandmother's recipe for Dulce de Leche before, so the fact that they had it folded inside a crepe couldn't possibly be bad. Unless you have a super sweet tooth, though, I'd recommend sharing it (comes with 2 crepes and whipped cream)...Dulce de Leche is very rich, sweet and caramel-ly. Metro 8 would be perfect for a company function, an intimate date, or a group of friends...the atmosphere is beautiful, elegant, and fun. And make sure to eat your salad!
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,2/11/2010,230,281,6,6,5>My absolute favorite fast food. You can eat inside here too, but I much prefer to eat this comfort food on my couch with the sauces arranged around me. Put a good TV show on and it's heaven.I usually stick with burritos and tacos. I like things spicy, so I love that they offer the option to get them "hot", and they have a hot sauce in their sauce buffet. Speaking of the buffet, they have lots of options including my favorites: plenty of fresh peppers, Pico de gallo, and regular salsa sauce (which has some kick). The queso dip is good too, but you have to order it separately if you want some for your chips. The taco plate is one of my favorites, and they currently have a "fajita burrito" as a manager's special. Even though you're not eating healthy if you eat here, I'll tend to pass on the "enchilada style" option, but it is good.There seems to be a cop eating here every time I go, so that might be another reason why I tend to get take-out... not that I have committed any crimes, but I kind of feel like I'm stealing when I grab four cups of Pico de gallo. Om nom nom.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,2/10/2010,17,24,1,6,6>Really one of the best all around dining experiences I know of in the Raleigh. I asked the waitress to recommend a beer because I don't know anything about Italian beers and wanted something different. Apparently they were out of the one she recommended but when she came back she brought with her a different beer. She said it was the bartenders favorite and if I didn't like it she would bring something else. Great service considering she could have just told me they were out and had me wait longer.  I had the smoked duck pizza which was awesome. Also had tiramasu for dessert which you would expect to be awesome at this place. Finished off with a round of coffee that was quite good.Hats off to the service at vivace. They know what they're doing.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,2/9/2010,44,135,1,6,4>I last wrote about Bella Monica about a year ago but have been back several times since. It is every bit as good as it was last year but now I know more about the staff and menu so I am bumping up to 5 stars, there is nothing to suggest to make it any better.Tonight's dinner included tuna stuffed peppers and plain ole spaghetti with olive oil and roasted garlic. The appetizer consisted of five small, sweet red peppers that had just a hint of kick stuffed with tuna salad on a bed of arugula - a wonderful combination of flavors. The spaghetti was served in a large bowl with a light coat of olive oil, salt & pepper with some roasted garlic on top. Pure Italian comfort food. I had no room for dessert.As usual the staff was friendly, not over-bearing and informative. As you can tell, I love to come to Bella Monica...I hope you will love it too.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2010,2/8/2010,66,252,7,5,7>Barry intrigued me to try Which Wich. Not really knowing exactly where it was, we were visiting a friend at REX tonight and drove right past it. When husband asked what was for dinner, I exclaimed "Which Wich!" He said: "What Wich?" I said: "Which Wich, over there!" We pulled into the iceberg of a parking lot and made our way to the door. Upon opening the doors we were hit with the wonderful aroma of the freshly made sammies. We took our time reading and reviewing all of our options before making a commitment. What to choose? That's where the real issue begins. Well, you have to first narrow it down to a category. Here is how it rolls: The Wicked Ham & Pork Beef Chicken Seafood Vegetarian Italian Comforts Classics Breakfast Kidswich Then, within ALL of those categories are 5 individual sandwich types. Once you make a selection, like Barry said, you then have to decide what to add to the mix. To hot pepper relish, or not to relish? These are the questions. If you've ever been to Pot Belly, this place has very similar types of sandwich options. However, the setting really more resembles a Chipotle style more modern looking outfit. Anyways, you scribble out all of your choices on your brown paper bag and make sure to sign your John Hancock to the bottom. You fork it over to the cashier, while making sure you select your chip and beverage options to make it a combo. They then do something very neat-o! They take your scribbled up bag and place it on a zip wire and send it down the way! You can watch your little brown bag as it follows your sammy down the conveyor belt and when its all done, they call out your name and you go pick up your freshly prepared sammy! We tried the following: Italian Grinder - Added just about everything you can imagine. Found it deliciously wonderful! It was runny and messy, just like a fine Italian sandwich should be! Full of salami, pepperoni, and capicola! The Wicked - Husband thought his sandwich was the best. WARNING: This sandwich contains bacon. This is a true man's sandwich. House Chips - These chips are deliciously house cooked crinkle chips with salt and pepper. They are thick cut and had great flavor. Only problem, small serving size! We also tried chocolate chip cookies and an Oreo shake. Cookies, meh, not so good. Too cakey for my taste. However, they were freshly baked on the conveyor belt. The shake however, was really good and thick. Had great flavors and really hit the spot. Husband and I agreed we'd make a pact to come back. However, we will never repeat a sandwich - until we've tried them all. Hope you give it a try and write about your favs so we will know what to try next!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2010,2/7/2010,17,120,2,2,4>I have to give this place 5 stars because the bottom line is that my wife and I have eaten here at least once a month since they opened and never once have we had a bad experience or bad food.The menu is familiar......burgers, phillies, chicken sandwiches, buffalo chicken strips, patty melts, salads, etc.  I've eaten most things on the menu at least once and it's all good.  I really like the choice of fries.  While I'm partial to the skinny fries you can also get fat fries (my wife's favorite) or sweet potato fries.  The buffalo chicken strips are out of this world.  Big thick strips of chicken fried up nicely and then tossed in a perfect sauce that is just the right balance of heat and tangy.  My main meal here is the patty melt....you just can't go wrong with that choice and I like it because it still gives me my burger fix while not being just a regular old burger...the cheese, onions, dressing, and rye bread are always just the right balance.  Their grilled cheese is also out of this world.  I usually wouldn't think of getting grilled cheese at a restaurant but one visit had me not quite in the mood for a heavy burger or chicken strips and I went with the grilled cheese.  It was absolutely delicious and with the fries more than filling.For the non meat eaters they do have choices for you.  In addition to their salads they have a black bean patty you can substitute on your burger and this is what my wife gets every time and by all accounts it is very good as far as black bean burgers go.  I'm partial to burgers that used to breath and eat grass but I digress.The staff here are great.  We've eaten there so much that some people actually recognize us which makes it nice.  I also appreciate the fact that you don't have to queue up with a hostess....just sit where you like.  They've also got a handful of flat screen TV's so you can catch whatever sports is on TV at the time.  A plus for me is that they are a Pepsi establishment.......yay....don't ever get rid of the Pepsi!!!!!!!I just wish they were open later....usually around 8-9pm they close up shop which is a shame because I'd love to sit at the bar and watch hoops once in a while but they're closed after the first quarter.  Also they have this little dice game for the kiddies which is in a little wooden box with tiles to keep score.  They used to have one on every table and as you'd expect there was always some kid making a racket with those damn dice and tiles.....it was annoying as hell.  Thank goodness that it seems now they keep them behind the counter and only dole them out on request so the kids ruining everyone's dinner is a less frequent occurrence.  I'd really like to volunteer to turn all of those little games into kindling personally.All in all it's a great place....consistent food and service...that's all I can ask for.  The proximity to RTP means it's a great lunch spot....and gets full.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,8/3/2011,223,633,3,8,6>Thought we'd try this new restaurant for their first Sunday brunch, and we both came away feeling like there's much promise for this new place.       We arrived around 11:30 to an almost empty restaurant.  We were seated in one of the small comfy booths that we sat in many times when it was Bogart's.  Now here is where I must make a STRONG suggestion to the owners.  Remove the animal skull decoration from these tables. PLEASE.  The tables are small enough, there are other decorations, not only is it not needed, but unless you are trying to turn us all into vegetarians they should really go.    So, doing our best to ignore our unwanted table-mate, we checked out the menus.  I was confused by the high prices and lack of breakfast items, when it occurred to me that they'd given me the wrong menu.  Waitress quickly fixed that and brought us some nice strong unsweetened ice tea. We inquired about the tableside guacamole service we had heard about, and were told they don't do that at brunch, but they do have a traditional guacamole for $8.  Sold!   Out came a large, fresh & delicious mound of green goodness, with perfectly salted freshly fried chips to dip into it.  A great way to hold off starvation while choosing from all the terrific-sounding brunch options.  After ruling out chili rellenos due to my stupid dislike of mushrooms (the filling has some in it, I was told after asking), we decided to share two different tacos.  The Pescado (fish), and the Chicken one.    Both dishes were attractively served with stand up taco holders, making it really easy to share.  Each plate had a small bowl of beans and a scoop of rice.  It was all very fresh and good!  We both felt like the beans could have used a little more flavor.  The fish was our favorite.  It featured good size chunks of delicate delicious fish, with guacamole and a little slaw.  This was served with the HOTTEST habanero salsa I've ever tried.  I was sufficiently warned, and it comes looking very innocent on the side of the plate, just a small spoonful, but boy is it powerful!  I can take heat, but be careful with this...not kidding!  (maybe that's what had happened to our table-mate? :))     Husband was fine, because he didn't mess with it, but I was on fire, so when dessert was offered, despite being very full, I asked for lemon sorbet to cool off with.  Went to the restroom, and when I came back found out she had brought lime cheesecake which Husband had to explain I didn't want.  I hope it didn't go to waste, as he said it looked really good.  Turns out they were out of all ice creams.   We both agreed that 3 1/2 stars would be more of an accurate grading of our experience, but when faced with rounding up or rounding down, it's a definite hopeful up.       TIP:  Check out their website...the food & booze pics will get you drooling!
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,8/2/2011,17,76,3,5,5>mmm... cheesesteak.Thankfully, they were open! We got there and the doors were locked, but they quickly opened up and we got to taste this goodness!My husband and I both ordered a cheesesteak 'witout' and with American cheese. These are no Geno's or Pat's - but we would have to drive a lot further to get those and they are by far the best in the Raleigh area. The chip bags are very big for a "sandwich" place - more like a "grab bag" size instead of a school cafeteria size. Where do they get sour cream and onion Utz chips that aren't ripples? I need (want) to have those more often! The staff (owners?) were very friendly!
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2011,8/1/2011,147,238,1,7,5>Sugarland, what a nice little vacation into a sweets wonderland!  I took a couple of out-of-towners to this little shop, and we had a blast making our selections, taking in the decor, and sitting down to enjoy our desserts.I run past this shop every two weeks or so - and I have to say, their front display is one of the things that is really good at attracting customers.  They've always got a huge decorated cake in the shop window, that always reflects upon the season - graduation, fall, wedding season, etc.The decor in the shop gives you a taste of what candyland would look like - there are cakes on display (with lots of different themes - like Wizard of Oz, or Tarheel Football), and cupcake mosaics on the wall that truly reflect a love for all things sweet.  Its definitely a fun place to go and visit, and gawk at the beautifully decorated desserts in the display case. I tasted the gelato and creme brulee.  They were both pretty fantastic.  I'll have to go back and try out the cupcakes.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,7/31/2011,85,119,5,6,4>I love me some Panang Curry!  These guys make theirs pretty good.  If Chai's wasn't  around, I'd have to drive to Durham or Miami to get anything near to my liking.  Also, their Pad Thai is top notch.  It has the right mix of spices, eggs, noodles, tofu - everything that makes a pad thai delcious.  You can get it with only vegetables for about $8.95 (they add extra tofu)  or with Shrimp or Chicken for an extra couple of dollars.    The restaurant has an open kitchen with a very friendly staff.  They did open up recently so I'm pretty sure the staff is aiming to please in order to acquire a loyal clientele.  Every time I've been there, there are only a few tables occupied.  I don't think they will stay empty for too long considering everything they churn out in their menu tastes very good and as it should.   Chai's Miso soup is also outstanding.  They don't go cheap on the seaweed or tofu mixed in.  aaaand speaking of seaweed, they also offer a Seaweed Salad.  I'm a fan of this salad so I always find it yummy no matter where I go.  However, I do wish they would marinate it more in ginger and add more sesame.  It would make it perfect! So if you haven't guessed it already Chai's menus is a mix of Japanese and Thai cuisine.  In my house we've coined the phrase BC = Before Chai's.  BC we had to drive to wake forest for our favorite sushi rolls.  BC we took the hike up to Durham for some good curry or a decent Pad Thai.  That's what I get for living out in BFE!
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,7/30/2011,289,148,12,9,4>my handsome sweetie promised me that we would eat ribs naked in bed but instead we went to the pit. thank god because the pit is kind of the second best thing.i got the spare ribs with mac and cheese and fried okra. handsome got the duo platter with fried chicken and brisket with black eyed peas and greens. the plates were so huge we both had to take half home. y'all our food was amazing. every single piece of meat i ate was like biting into meat heaven. my ribs practically slid down my throat. the staff was friendly and attentive without being in yo face with a can of mace and seemed to really like their job. i like that.i also liked that they didn't mind me hollering about being from portland and how long it had been since i had good ribs. also, for nearly clapping my hands when the ribs arrived. i mean, i just fucking love ribs.the pit is airy and lovely, plenty of room for a whole mess of people. just excellent.p.s. thanks to the lady on the plane who suggested the pit.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2011,7/29/2011,114,291,3,7,3>We come here to get groceries probably every two weeks. They are one of the only asian grocery stores near central Durham. The store resides in the previous shell that was a Pizza Hut. You can still see the writing on the canvas with Pizza Hut's logo. The place isn't fancy - it's small and somewhat cramped particularly on Saturdays when it gets busy. However, it stocks the essentials.It's a nice place to get your ethnic sauces and spices. They have tofu and other ingredients to whip up a decent asian meal. The aunties that manage the store also greet you and welcome you to the store. They make me feel welcome each time we go. Definitely a great resource for asian cooks out there. BTW, you get a 10% discount if you have a student card.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2010,7/28/2011,77,107,,7,4>I have had the opportunity to try Dos Perros on two occasions, and both were for "events". Some day I will actually eat upstairs or have a drink at the actual bar, but for now my review is based on the Fullsteam beer dinner and a pharmaceutical co. sponsored dinner...... both of which were in the basement. The basement is far from "bad" decor, however it offers nothing special in terms of atmosphere. One of the best parts of Dos Perros is the creativity of the chef. The Fullsteam dinner was excellently paired and a creative mix of veggie/fish/meat options. My last dinner here included hors d'oeuvres of chili stuffed plantains, chicken tortas in a tomatillo sauce and, and a spicy shrimp bite. The plantain was my favorite, full of textures and flavors. The meal was three courses, and we had many choices. I decided on sweet potato, brown rice, chipotle empanadas as the first course. Seared tuna (nice and rare) served over a vegetable, green olive saute with grilled veggies and cilantro rice. Finally, dessert.... I wanted to lick the plate. Sweet, fresh cheese and golden raisin empanadas tossed in cinnamon sugar and drizzled with fresh caramel..... worth going back for.... If you are in Durham and looking for an inventive, veg and meat friendly dinner, then Dos Perros is a great choice. I do recommend their great beer selection or a margarita... the mojito was kind of licorice tasting to me.....
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,7/27/2011,114,375,6,7,2>I guess I really like Chinese food.Everything on this list was very good:**Steamed pork buns (but you already knew that)**Crispy Shrimp Ball**Chives Shrimp dumplingOne thing I will say is that the structural integrity of the dumplings was compromised with really just a slight touch of the chopstick.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,7/26/2011,62,167,,6,3>A few years have gone by, and I happened to see this review again today. I have to update it. Sometimes places fade as time goes on... not the case with OB; they keep getting better. If not THE best burger in the Triangle, it's certainly among my absolute favorites. I love a cheeseburger with their gooey, creamy American, roasted jalapenos, tomato, onion, and a wheat bun--perfection! They've even added a few new offerings: bacon-wrapped mac'n'cheese squares--OMG! I do wish I could eat here everyday.My Original ReviewI'd give Only Burger one more star, but it's just too expensive for me to eat there often... well, and it just wouldn't be healthy... I've eaten at their truck numerous times, but on a whim, my pals and I decided to dinner at the brick and mortar shop tonight. OMG! Better than the truck!I had the Carolina Burger, with their home-made chili and slaw, onions, and mustard... and I added their onion rings.Their onion rings are amazing. They remain crispy to the very end, and they're served with an intoxicating spicy ranch-like sauce... AWESOME!I was a fan, now I'm even more of one. At this moment, I'd have to award them best burger in the Triangle. Of course, that may be those foodie endorphins talking. I think that title may take a little more "research."
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2011,7/25/2011,10,81,2,7,5>I had lunch today at the Wilmoore Cafe (which used to be a pawn shop) after learning about the half-price special being offered as part of the restaurant's "soft opening."  Verdict: I will continue to check this place out as it matures.  The menu had interesting offerings (e.g., a portobello "PLT").  Everything I tasted was pretty good, and I expect the food will continue to improve.  Of special note was the complimentary chocolate chip cookie they handed out to people waiting in line--I REALLY hope they keep those around.  I had the soup Nancy Y. mentioned, and while I ate it all, I thought it could have used a little more flavor; it was just a tad on the dull side.  Also, the kale in my soup was one huge leaf, making it very hard to manage with just a spoon.The atmosphere and feel in here were outstanding, but some aspects of the layout could use some customer-friendly improvements.  There are two different outdoor seating areas: they have tables lining the Wilmington Street entrance area plus and more tables on the back patio that overlooks an alley behind the Moore Square transportation hub.  But the coolest seats in the house (at least for parties of two or less) are those perched inside the front windows.  Great spot for people watching.The logistics of ordering could use some work, however, as the chalkboard menu is a solid 15 yards from where you join the line of prospective lunch patrons.  This gives you no chance to mull over the selections while waiting to get to the cashier; as soon as the menu comes into view, you're at the cash register and someone is expecting your order.As one might expect of a place whose official "grand opening" is still a week away, the kitchen and other staff seemed overwhelmed and disorganized.  Consequently, I waited about 20-25 minutes for my very simple order.  But I can't count off points for that just yet; I'll reserve judgment on timeliness/organization for a later visit.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,10/8/2014,264,1065,7,5,6>ICE CREAM!!!You're tired after a long day.  You've been writing your dissertation, and it's kind-of okay, okay in that it could potentially lead to someone wanting to someday somehow confer the title of "Doctor" upon you.  And by doctor, I'm not talking about the type of doctor that travels around all the time in a police box.  You need a break though.  You want something yummy.  It's also summer.  You could get beer, but then you remember that you need to do more work (that's the life of an academic... IT NEVER ENDS).  What are you to do? MAKE AN EPIC JOURNEY TO MAPLE VIEW, that's what.  Maple View has ice cream.  Good ice cream.  Ice cream that is yummy and comes in lots of great flavors, like Carolina Crunch, and Cookie Dough, and Mint Chocolate Chip.  Doesn't that sound good?  It is. They also have those cool rocking chairs.  You can sit in them and hang out as the sun sets, whether you do this by yourselves, with your special someone, friends, or some random people who also had the same idea you did.  In summary, ice cream. OMNOMNOMNOM
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,10/7/2014,43,105,4,5,4>The North Raleigh location of Triangle Rock Club has a great facility, friendly staff, and a solid community. There's a lot more space overall and it's nice to have a full size bathroom compared to the single room at the Morrisville location, but I know they're working on an expansion over there as well. I've mostly been sticking to bouldering so far, and I generally find the climbs a little easier to spot at this location. The holds themselves are color coordinated, where as the Morrisville location uses colored tape to mark holds for different paths. I'm guessing this allows them to have more climbs on the same space, since you can use a hold for several routes, but it's a little easier for a beginner to see what's going on with the dedicated hold colors. I believe the boulder walls are 14' at Morrisville, 16' at North Raleigh, and both locations have different types of walls available. The Morrisville boulder is kind of cool in that it's basically a C-shape, and you can climb walls on either side. I enjoy climbing on the inside of the C sometimes because it's a little less visible if you mess up. I've also seen people on top of the boulder, although that may just be for classes.  Overall, I'd highly recommend checking out Triangle Rock Club at either location. The first visit is always free, and on top of that, members get a guest pass each month that includes entry as well as shoe and harness rental. You can also buy day passes as well as 10-use passbooks, but the membership is definitely the way to go if you think you're getting into it.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,10/6/2014,38,83,4,16,6>On a whim shopping trip, we wandered into this brand new shop on the advice of the wonderful ladies at Savory Spice Shop around the corner, and thank goodness we did!From the moment we walked in, it was like being in a European Cheese Market, except the staff was so friendly and welcoming that you know we were in the American South. The cheesemonger helping us would have let us try any cheese in there if we had wanted, and was enthusiastic about recommending cheeses. Although the selection may be a tiny bit limited, and the cheese itself is pretty pricey, there is definitely plenty to satisfy your curiosity in there, and I loved being able to "try before you buy".They have a great selection of other products to create your own cheese board such as sausages, crackers, fig cakes, NC based Cloister Honey, and they will soon introduce wines. I also appreciated the great selection of blue cheeses, and local cheese such as several Chapel Hill Creamery items. Heavy on the European cheeses, and lots of variety within those. The goat's milk gouda was amazing! I also heard one of the shopkeepers mention to a customer that they could order almost anything you were looking for.Although I'm not based in N. Raleigh, if I find myself in the area I will definitely pop in again.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,10/5/2014,109,169,5,9,11>Dear Taqueria El Toro, This CA girl would like to thank you VERY much for opening this establishment and pumping out the amazing food that you do. Cabeza, lengua, tripa, al pastor....I mean...thank you for giving this girl a little taste of home and ROCKING at it! Will I be coming back? That's a definite yes. Will I be bringing everyone who visits me from CA? I believe that's another solid yes! LOVE, HannahThis place is so legit - even down to the salsa bar - they had grilled jalapenos!!! I also tried their horchata and I have to say it was pretty good! I ordered a carne asada taco, lengua taco, suadero gordita, and al pastor sope. None of them disappointed! I definitely recommend the sopes here!! I really want to try their rice and beans next time because I think that's pivotal...if that doesn't disappoint - then this girl will be on cloud 9!! I can't explain how happy I am to have discovered this place! I will be coming back...frequently!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,10/4/2014,223,633,5,12,8>Chocolate at its best.  BEST.  First you have to find the place.  If you're unfamiliar with this area, GPS is your friend.  Just expect the unexpected as it is in the middle of a residential area near downtown.  Ignore the bad parking lot.  It is irrelevant, although annoying.  Doesn't matter.  Go in.  Breathe in the enticing chocolate aroma that immediately embraces you.    Now it's up to you to select from the amazing selection of artisan chocolates.  I found a perfect selection for Husband's birthday, plus one for me (which didn't even make it out the door).  Small box full plus my one blissful spicy lemon one was around $16.  Sooooo worth it.  Husband has only just now started enjoying his gift.  Tonight he ooh'd and ahh'd over the strawberry balsamic and the dulche du leche caramel.  Note:  They sell other chocolate things such as drinks and I saw a sign for ice cream.  Honestly though, I didn't pay much attention to what else they had.  I was pretty focused on those amazing chocolates.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,10/3/2014,198,565,6,14,8>I have been stalking the glass locked doors to Ed Mitchell's new restaurant FOREVER! I come here every week, expecting to sink my teeth into some delicious and juicy barbecue, but always retreated across the street to Cuban Rev for dinner.Not anymore!This week the "Que" has finally opened this week, and quickly it became a popular spot. The menu is simple yet covering the soul of his cooking, just as I remembered years ago when I first (and then repeatedly) visited the original "Pit."-The pulled pork is succulent, and also basted lightly in vinegar sauce.-Brisket is tender enough to eat without knife, although I wish they would serve it without sauce, or sauce on the side. I enjoy the smoke smell on the brisket.-Collards is cooked just right; not too soggy-Mac and cheese is well made; wished we had gotten two serving-Smoked veggie is great idea and feel like it just came off my own backyard grill-That tomato pie though! I never had of such a thing. It's like a mini quiche with slices of tomato at the bottom, with arugula, balsamic, E.V.O.O., you know, the works.-The pickled shrimp, well, was not what I imagined. It was almost like a fruity/salty cocktail with fruits, and a couple shrimps in it... It was interesting to see, but not much on taste-Great patio seating on a warm summer afternoon, and on game nights you might even catch a fly ball off third base (maybe not)Besides the great food, the great grill master himself will randomly drop by your table to make sure you enjoy his cooking. So make sure to add the QUE to your DPAC night dinner line-up!
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,10/2/2014,138,233,9,7,9>I remember the last time I was at Pelican's. Word had gotten out that I used my powers for good as long as the price was right. So when Giant Snake Man attacked the Family Dollar, I knew the mayor had a Snoball waiting with my name on it.That was two years ago today, so I celebrated Giant Snake Man's capture with a small Margherita Snoball for $1.50 - the "W" is left out for "Wicked savings!" It was bigger than I remembered (that's what she said) and green too - green like a dollar...for SAVINGS.The drive-thru - "o, g, h = savings" - moved pretty quickly and the menu is thorough, yet easy to understand. At first I wanted Tiger's Blood flavor but upon hearing that it's only strawberry and coconut, I declined. Sorry, but if it's not the life essence of a real wild animal, a name like that just screams cherry.Wonderfully friendly service and super quick too. I wanted to chill at their outside seating for awhile because it was a very nice day. But I can't let my guard down since Giant Snake Man is up for parole and the Family Dollar is right across the street. What the hell is that guy's problem with  Family Dollars??
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2014,10/1/2014,67,201,2,5,3>My wife and I did tons of laps here while she was pregnant with our first child. Lots of good memories. It's very family friendly, and favors walkers or folks of any activity/fitness level.After 4 or so years of NOT coming here, I drove by on a Saturday afternoon and decided to come back for a run. Runs get boring if you don't mix up the terrain and routes and this would be a familiar, yet new one for me.It's a 2 mile loop. I'd call it flat. Maybe 2 or 3 'hills' if you're not used to running on anything but at treadmill or track. The only downside to running here are the number of people. It's very popular. Some folks like to walk 4 people wide and aren't looking out for folks coming behind them. Not a big deal.I did 5 miles. It was nice. If you're going to do serious miles, probably go somewhere else as you'd probably get bored. But a real nice way to mix up your short runs. They have a few ways you can leave the paved paths if you want to vary it a bit.Parking can be a pain here. But you can park on the street if you need to, and it's not a big deal.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,9/30/2014,89,190,4,6,6>Umm, what can I say besides AWESOME?! Get whatever you want, because it is all amazing. But whatever you do, do NOT forget to order the guacamole and chips! I believe it is the best guacamole I have ever had while on Earth. Go before 12pm, by the way - the place has a line 20 deep by noon. And it is not like "Moe's" fast, so you will be waiting in line a bit.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,9/29/2014,104,463,5,5,7>There is a burgher here called the Pittsburgher. As a native of Pittsburgh I was compelled to try it. Presumably, it got its name because there are fries on the burgher. If you are unfortunate enough to have never visited the Steel City and tried Primanti Brothers, then you might not get the reference.Shoestring fries are not Primanti fresh cut style fries, though. Tsk.  Also, there was a "spicy garlic ketchup." I hope they make it with Heinz, because I can assure you that Heinz does not market a spicy garlic ketchup. Why is this important? Well, just look at a Heinz bottle next chance you get or take note of the name of the Steelers' stadium.Anyway, our waitress was fun and put up with my shenanigans. Also, there was some amazing beer special for domestic cans.To be honest, they earned the fourth star by referencing my hometown on the menu, but I'd come back.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2012,1/24/2013,289,148,7,9,6>Whoa man. WHOA. The dude that owns/is a chef at this place shows you a bloody fish like it's no big deal. I might have to admit that seeing said bloody fish made me politely say "no thank you" the first visit. Luckily, my hot dude with the much stronger stomach, went ahead back there and picked up take out before scooping me from work this week. Thank the baby jesus for it.We polished off in minutes flat: Fried shrimp and chips - Perfectly seasoned shrimp, not too heavy on the fried, and just amazing, tender, and fresh. The chips were handmade, some crispier than others. YUM.Fried Grouper Bites: So incredibly fresh, seasoned exactly right. Light and lemony good.Finally, Durham has good seafood at a reasonable price. Get thee here right this instant. Note: Sometimes he runs out of stuff, don't be deterred, try try again. It's worth it.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,1/23/2013,36,33,,9,5>The first time I found Neomonde was via Yelp; I was searching on the Yelp app for something different to try around the area where I work.  Behold - Neomonde was on the list and the reviews were 4+ so I decided to give them a try.The store was awesome (specifically talking about the one near Hillsborough, but the location in Cary is nice as well.)  They have a mini store inside the restaurant where you can buy snacks, pita bread and all sorts of Greek products.  The interior of the place was kind of a deli style atmosphere but with lots of warm colors on the walls.  I love that they have an outdoor patio as well as indoor seating.The food was awesome, I had tried grape leaves in the past and didn't really understand what all the fuss is about...but decided to try them again here for the heck of it.  Glad I did because they are now one of my favorite food items from there.I always get the 4 sampler platter because I like to try out new foods along with my trusty staples.  I love their grape leaves, eggplant (can't remember the exact name), grape leaves, chicken salad (omg yum) tzaziki (sp) on pita bread, grilled veggies and their black bean and corn salad.  I also love the fact that their food is fairly healthy.  I can go in and eat a fair amount of protein and veggies without the high caloric content.  Definite win and I am so happy that their are locations close to both my home and work.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,1/22/2013,236,354,,9,6>I've been to NoFo three times for brunch since my initial review two years ago.  Two of those occasions have been to host meetups for my group and one was with a girlfriend for Sunday brunch.  It's such an adorable little cafe and shop.  It's all around fun, festive, and friendly.  My fave thing to get for brunch is French toast and thankfully, Nofo serves it up consistently and fabulously!  It's two slices served with syrup, Bee Blessed Honey butter, bacon and fresh fruit.  Oh so good!  On my past two visits, I have also gotten a magnificent Mimosa and spent some time adoring the many local and unique items in their "gift" shop.  I'm not sure that I would call it your typical gift shop either.  It's got tons of local stuff, baked good, candies and chocolates, toys, eclectic gifts and knickknacks, plus other delightful things for holiday and home decor.  So much fun!  On the two occasions I've hosted meetup events there we've reserved the upstairs for a fun brunch and a book club meeting.  They used to do reservations on Sundays, but they no longer do this because they claim to have people lined up outside the front door when they're opening.  This means that I held my book club brunch on a Saturday this time around.  The tables upstairs are easily put together, overlook the cafe, and give you a view into the nearby gift shop.  It's nice that they're still connected, but also somewhat private.  Twenty percent grat was added on to our group bills.  We were glad we noticed this since we were not informed.  Parking is a pain so you're often wandering nearby streets scouting for spots.  Thankfully, the Wells Fargo next door doesn't seem to prohibit parking in their lot over the weekends so that's where I usually park.  Nofo really is at a fun location being right there in Five Points other than that.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,1/19/2013,109,187,,12,5>A strong addition to the Chapel Hill scene, best food of any sports bar in the Chapel Hill-Carrboro vicinity.  I had frequented the Durham location regularly (I worked in the same building) so have learned their strengths and weaknesses.  Thus, they probably got the 5 star review today because I gravitated to what I knew they did well, though my family also enjoyed their meal.I had the bison burger, which comes with caramelized onions and goat cheese, making it a very complete meal.  I normally like large portions and this burger was more than enough for dinner.  The bison has a nice flavor and works very well with the onions and goat cheese.  As a side, their sweet potato chips are great, as tasty as traditional potato chips but you can justify them as almost healthy.  I've had the bison burger several times at the Durham location and it is great.What really impressed me was my family's reaction to what they ordered.  My wife had the daily special, grilled wahoo with grit cakes.  She seemed to love it.  My kids, finicky eaters, really enjoyed their kid's meals.  My son ordered a hamburger and got two sliders, for some reason kids eat sliders much easier than a regular burger.  He also loved the fries.  My daughter had mac cheese, which she seemed to enjoy.For dessert, my son had the flourless chocolate cake, which he loved (and at $5 was quite reasonable).  My daughter had a banana split and it was done perfectly with some nice ice cream ($7).  Overall, very happy there is a Tobacco Road in Chapel Hill.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2012,1/18/2013,136,284,3,10,9>Hold me...I had a hard time believing that Chuck's burgers were as good as everyone says until I finally took the plunge. Are the toppings a little "odd" for the average burger fan? Absolutely. But these burgers are far from average. There's something wonderful about seeing a burger option where you don't feel like you have to take something off or substitute. It's a burger miracle! I've had The High and The Valley both times I've visited Chuck's, and I think I'd have a hard time ordering something else. The burger itself is like butter in your mouth, topped with crushed, smooth avocado; salty, savory, amazing BACON ONION JAM; and hidden beneath the patty are delicious blistered red peppers. *Drool*And the fries - oh the fries! I'll admit that I love all potatoes (fried, mashed, au gratin, sweet, roasted), but these are divine. The Belgian fries are thick cut, hot, salty, and beautifully sitting in a paper cone for you to devour. You get your choice of 2 dipping sauces - I highly recommend the sweet chili sauce (kind of a Asian-y option) and the malted vinegar. Jay loves vinegar on his fries and he said Chuck's version was reduced down and almost syrupy. It got an A+ from him.It wasn't too busy either time I visited Chuck's, but I think it's probably a pretty popular late-night spot. If you go into Chuck's with an open mind and an empty stomach  - you'll do just fine. Grab me some fries when you go.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,1/17/2013,139,155,4,16,10>Besides the fact that I'm super ecstatic to have a sushi place within walking distance, the fact that the fish was fresh, the rolls creative, and they offer sushi ON TOP of burgers (say wha??) earns this place a top rating in my book. Servers were also great--very attentive and when I noticed a slight hiccup in my check, it was fixed immediately. Price points range from $10 for a bento box to $13 for specialty rolls and beyond. Totally doable for a casual night out or a special date night.Although it was a tough decision, I ended up ordering the spicy tuna roll and the mixed veggie roll, both of which were totally delicious. Other people at the table got the downtown roll (tuna & mango = yumazing), chicken bento boxes and sweet potato roll, all of which got great reviews.  Just be careful--the wasabi really packs a punch here.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,1/16/2013,179,270,5,6,6>I can't believe I'm about to review a bowl of grits. It's true. Don't judge. There aren't a lot of late night food choices for the gluten-free sect, but my date needed a 2am cheeseburger and I wasn't about to get in the way of him and his greasy fix. Truth be told, I have drove by this diner more than a thousand times, given it's proximity to mi casa, but I haven't eaten there in nearly 10 yrs I suspect. When they first build the structure, it was quite the commotion in Cary. A graphiti wall on the back..unacceptable. Shiny chrome outside... tacky! I'm so glad they won. We need a little Americana around to mix it up a bit. Back to the food. So, you're probably thinking.... tell me how were the grits? They were pretty good. Needed more butter and salt in my opinion. The waittress suggested the big bowl, which turned out to be a stellar choice given the amount of bevies I had consumed. The food came quickly. Service decent. Price reasonable. It was clean and I didn't feel like I was going to get stabbed at 2am. Hey, at Denny's they have not 1, but count them 2 policemen on staff during the weekends. Say no more.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,1/15/2013,44,284,2,9,5>Every once in a while there's a new Asian restaurant popping up that thinks the traditional cuisine is too regular to serve.  They try usually try to class it up, turn it into a nightclub, call it a fusion restaurant, and lose all sense of tradition.  Fortunately, Bida Manda is all about family, tradition, and devoid of neon lights and club music.I really liked the interior, with its minimalist design and natural touch.  There are some crazy wood piping all around, but that's neither here nor there.  The wood tables could pose a problem in the long run as the wear and tear of constant use will likely cause replacement or they will just feel dirty.  The menu is quite short, but hit on many of your traditional southeast Asian fare.  We sampled the ceviche, summer rolls, pho, pork ribs, tempura bananas, and purple rice.  The ceviche, summer rolls, pork ribs, and purple rice were the highlights.  The pho was lacking a little in flavor, and the tempura bananas are just too cliche (but someone just had to order it).  On the front-end we had the Ginger Julep and the pina colada (the best in the world claim might be pushing it, although it was tasty).  These came from a great bar menu, which I recommend heavily.4 stars for what I believe to be a well-conceived restaurant.  My only issue is that, while a good meal was had, it felt a little expensive at the end.  I just hope they remember tradition and execution.  I'm sure we'll be back.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2012,1/14/2013,156,68,12,15,13>There's a tumescent fissure in my fish arepa. The girl behind the counter cut the pocket a tad off center, leaving the arepa thin on top and thick on the bottom. From this delectable ulcer flows a sweet and savory melange of tilapia, caramelized onion and plantain juices, which pools at the bottom of the arepa's wax wrapper. I'd fallen into some sort of a gastrorgasmic trance eating Guasaca's signature fish arepa, but this unwelcome crack temporarily broke me out of it. How to deal with this unceremonious disintegration of my dinner? Really, there is only one answer: face first.Arepas are not quite unique to Guasaca in the Triangle, but the corn pocket is a local rarity; Guasaca is also the only restaurant to make them the focus of their menu. Think of a soft flatbread or pita pocket made of corn, split behind the counter with a plastic knife and filled with all manner of savory goodness. The Chipotle-like assembly line method is cropping up with everything from Italian to Greek to Asian food as its focal point, yet applying this to arepas still seems like a terribly good idea. Individual arepas only cost from $3.90 to $4.40 each; two of these cost the same as a bowl or salad of the same meat.The signature menu is as good a place to start as any; the tilapia version I adore, dressed with caramelized onions, baked plantains and white cheese, is directly off this menu. Really, I'd guess any of the meats would taste terrific with this fearsome threesome of ingredients. My overall order, which lasted me a full day, featured one of these arepas, an avocado chicken bowl, chips and guasaca. Guasaca is a Venezuelan concoction that mixes small avocado chunks with oil, vinegar, and a mixture akin to pico de gallo into an acidic cousin to Mexican guacamole. It's a delicious flavor profile that can nonetheless surprise the unprepared and mostly relegates the avocado to texture, the fruit's delicate flavor mostly lost in the vinegar and other stronger flavors. The real winner of the sauce battle is the cilantro sauce, which should accompany your meal no matter what arepa you order. It's not a sauce that is wont to overwhelm the flavor profile of the rest of your meal. Guasaca unfortunately doesn't offer their sauces in a salsa bar type setup you might find elsewhere, which feels like a miss.The avocado chicken bowl, which I dressed with black eyed peas, pico, white cheese and brown rice, was a minor failure of my own doing, the pico and remainder of my guasacaca combining to diminish the flavor of the other ingredients. The avocado chicken arepa, or a bowl avoiding the pico, would have made a better choice for the main ingredient rather than my variation. The standard issue chips were decent and appropriately coated with coarse salt, but a number of them had softened from the oil.My first visit come and gone, these things I need to try next: the black beans; the carrot-heavy slaw; and the many other meats available on the menu. But a sweet, savory fish arepa is going to have to be on my order no matter what I try next.I'd love to see this place succeed. Its location, right next to Bottle Revolution, just makes things better (worse?) for me. A cold beer on tap to go with my arepa? Good god yes. Whether this one-two punch is good for my health is something else entirely.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,1/13/2013,50,138,7,9,10>I once came and tried to get a job here. The man behind the counter laughed and said, "Nah, there are no openings." He gestured to his older friend.  "We'll probably just work here til we die." Lucky dudes.They get to hang out  in a sweet environment of gently used knowledge, classical music, and $1 postcards. One of my favorite places in Raleigh, hands down.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2010,3/22/2011,567,250,14,21,20>The energy and eclectic vibe in this place makes it a hit. I've been here for brunch on several occasions. Including celebrating a friend's birthday and towing my out-of-town relatives here to show them some cajun goodness. Some of my favorite dishes: Open face w/andouille hash and cheddar cheese $10Grilled vegetables & goat cheese $8Roadhouse Poached Eggs with bacon, grilled tomatoes & mornaise $8I'm not a huge fan of beignets, but a couple of friends couldn't get enough of them. I have an eclectic taste in music and for me, the live music is definitely a draw. So far, each of the times that I've been here, there's been a different performer. Good food and entertainment, that's what I call an excellent brunch!Overall: The service is excellent and personable; the food is great. I love coming here because its a kick-back environment with a diverse crowd. The live music during brunch is an enjoyable bonus.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2010,3/21/2011,295,331,6,18,16>SYNCStudio is a cool concept: it's in a knockout space in the Renaissance Center, offering yoga and group cycling classes, along with personal training and wellness coaching (I don't know, but I'm guessing they help you with your diet and motivation and such).I purchased five classes for the unbelievable bargain price of just $10 via Groupon, and have so far used four of the five (sads).  I don't think I'll be extending my membership, if for no other reason than it costs $99 a month for, granted, unlimited classes, but, still, that's pricey, with the $60+ a month my husband and I pay for a couples' membership at Fitness World.So far I've been to two power flow (super-sweaty vinyasa) yoga classes with Christy, a cycling class with Christine, and another with Ashley.  Christy's got a fresh approach to vinyasa yoga and does a great job of getting us to enjoy ourselves: to smile, to laugh, even.  As aforementioned, prepare to sweat your ass off in this class.  They've got small space heaters that almost but don't quite make you feel like you're in a bikram class, but they've also got loads of water, Gatorade, towels, and mats, to help you replenish and keep dry.I'd already been a long-time Fitness World classmate of Christine's and had taken the yoga fusion class she taught there before moving to SYNC, so I already knew she'd deliver the goods.  I'm new to cycling and find the bikes at FW a tad easier to set up, but Christine was helpful (and patient) while guiding me through the set up here.  Her class, set to old-school hip hop, was a blast, although I found it difficult to understand some of the moves as she called them out, I imagine because I'm a newbie for starters, and the acoustics of the room seem a little off.  The classroom is almost big enough for the instructors to use a mic.  Christine is great at encouraging everyone, and makes a point to learn and remember our names, which makes you feel like you're one of the crew.Ashley has fantastic energy and does a superb job of projecting.  I had very little trouble understanding her instructions and, although I didn't always know what they meant, they were easy enough to figure out by watching the pros in the front row.  Ashley is also quite good about breaking the moves down for us in words, which makes it easier to know if we're doing things right.  Again, however, I think a mic would help prevent her from having to use her stage voice.  The music she uses in her class is a kick-ass blend of world dance, hip hop, and reggae, with a little Yeasayer thrown in at the end for good measure.One really cool function is that you can reserve your space in a class online so that you don't have to bust your butt to get there early and take a card like at FW (you're still my #1 gym, FW, and don't you forget it).  "Like" them on facebook for regular updates on class changes, as well as special classes (benefiting charities, etc.), offers, and events ('tis how I found out about last weekend's Lululemon trunk show).  They also have cubbies in both studios so you can stash your bag without cluttering up the room.All told, I wish I could keep going here, I really do.  But, as aforementioned, it would just be too great an expense to add to my existing gym membership and I just can't leave FW after seven years.  Le sigh.  I'll drop in occasionally, though; if not at $15 (!) a class, then I'll pray for more pay-what-you-can classes.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,3/20/2011,33,73,9,7,5>This is one of those places where you come out feeling like Ron Burgundy, looking at yourself in the mirror, saying "Mmmm...I look gooood. Hey everyone, come and see how good I look!"I've seen Jenean a handful of times, and every cut has been consistent, and exactly what I wanted. Guys may think $40 for a haircut is on the expensive side, but when someone schedules and spends one hour cutting and styling your hair, I'm happy to pay a premium. I for one am aware that my head is oddly shaped, with cowlicks here and there, and for a hairdresser who notices those flaws and cuts accordingly, is worth the trip to Durham from Chapel HillOh yes, the beer. All the other great reviews can delve into that. If you want a glass, just ask for it. No need to be bashful for something that's an option; all you need to do is ask.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2010,3/19/2011,15,45,2,3,4>I love the history and atmosphere of a place like Cooper's. Call me a purist, but I just can't wrap my head around having BBQ in an upscale eatery. I'm too used to butcher paper or red-checked tablecloth covered wooden tables and no frills. I'll be honest and say that I don't like the pork here quite as much as I love it at Allen and Son, but it's still tasty and it's where I go to get my fix when I don't have time to drive out to A&S. Hush puppies are delectable - probably the fluffiest hush puppies I've ever had. Decent fries, good coleslaw and collard greens. The sweet tea meets my high standards and service has always been friendly and attentive. Hey, if it's good enough for U2, it's good enough for me!
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,3/18/2011,43,376,,8,3>Classy, tucked away, exquisite - those are the words that come to mind in describing dining at PanciutoPanciuto's has been on my list of restaurants to try for about a year now.  Very glad that I checked it out, it's truly a tucked away gem in downtown Hillsborough.  Made reservations about a week in advance, options were 6pm or 8pm,  I confirmed 6pm for a Saturday night, not bad.  The morning of the reservation they called to confirm my reservation and also let me know that there was a chance they could only hold the table for 2 hours, turning it to another group at 8pm.  I can definitely understand the demand for reservations especially as their chef was recently named a semi-finalist for the James Beard award.  It was a little off putting, but I'm glad they at least wanted to give me heads up if I had any concerns that our dinner would last 2 hours or longer (which it didn't).  Arrived right at 6pm and the dining room (of about 15 tables) was nearly barren, only one other table had been sat.  As I had read previously, we were greeted with a small glass of prosecco, a nice touch. The dining room is intimate and a bit cozy.  I have to disagree with one reviewer that the Christmas lights need to be removed, they're white lights and do add a nice touch - but I see how they could be replaced with another variation of soft lighting behind most of the tables.  Our server was attentive, very quiet - almost like she was not trying to detract from the experience, only one miscue when she didn't refill my water for awhile, but that was only after she many more tables to attend to.Their wine/beer/liquor selection seems a bit sparse, but well thought out.  Kudos for very few liquors but ones with the most bang for the buck - Maker's Mark, Elderberry Liqueur, Glenlivet, etc. The menu is where Panciuto really shines.  Clearly printed on the menu is the source of all of their ingredients.  That's right, where Panciuto gets everything from the rosemary (chef's garden) to the duck eggs to seafood to the milk.  I really enjoyed reviewing their list, and commend them for doing such a great job to locally source their ingredients.  A nice touch is that in the entrance way they have pictures of some of their suppliers.  Options on the menu are less Italian and more slow food gourmet.  Had their brushetta with chicken liver pate, fried duck egg, and arugula with balsamic.  At $10 this was fine to share among two people, but no more.  Really enjoyed the rich taste that came with the egg and pate combination.  For dinner I tried their sweet potato ravoli, again felt like this was less an Italian dish and more a take on ravoli.  As I have a bit of sweet tooth, I was gravitated towards the combination of the sweet potato, honey butter, fried goat cheese and truffle oil aioli.  I was not disappointed as the meal was more of a dessert than an entree!  Loved this pairing.  My husband had their pork shoulder which was excellently cooked - tender meat with a crispy crust, paired with pimento mac and cheese, kale and a potato role. For the price, entrees ranging from $21-26 it's well worth it.  The portions don't seem large, but they are very filing.  Between sharing an appetizer and an entree, I left no room for desert.Really enjoyed Panciuto, the atmosphere, the food, the service all top notch.  Do yourself a favor and take a short drive to Hillsborough to check this gem out.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2011,3/17/2011,40,55,3,6,5>I'v been to the Casbah mainly for the Monti as well (Holla' fellow Monti lover Marisa M!).  I also recently attended the women's arm wrestling competition put on by LUEWWD (the league of upper extremity wrestling women of Durham), which was held at the Casbah.  No live music shows yet though so I can't review that aspect. The Monti shows are table seating and they really pack you in.  It's nice to get there early so you sit on the benches along the wall, then you aren't so cramped.  They normally arrange to have food brought in from Alivia's or the Joyce (and I have always been able to pay with credit/debit card) which is very convenient.  Also, I think they accept cards at the bar as well now.  I've always brought cash just in case but I'm pretty sure I saw a guy use a card at the bar last weekend.  Sorry to sound like a total nut but here's what I really care about in a venue: the bathrooms.  Yay for consistently clean bathrooms!  Good work Casbah!  They are clean, well-lit, and easily accessible!  Since there are only three stalls, it can lead to a line during the intermission of the Monti, but I really can't complain.  As to the ubiquitous NC club membership thingy:  I am not a member of the Casbah (yet).  If you go with someone who is already a member, then they can sign in two guests for free.  However, if none of you are members then you are out of luck.  You have to have been a member for 24 hours before you can sign in guests.  I'm not blaming the Casbah for this policy though.  I assume this is part of the law about private clubs and I place all blame on the NC legislature for this ridiculousness.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,3/16/2011,264,1065,7,4,4>I learned of this fascinating place one day from one of my professors.  Apparently it's something called a "library" and it has lots of "books and journals" in hard copy.  This confused me, because I thought all knowledge was now online, and we were about 10 years away from just jacking in a la Neuromancer/The Matrix/Futurama.  Now, considering the only other library I know in Chapel Hill also has Red Bulls and Vodkas for $5 (and weird dance nights), I was concerned.  How would I be able to find my way to the resources I needed when people were dancing all around them?   However, my fears were abated.  Apparently this place has a quiet policy, and are strict on no drinks.  What they do have is a lot of books, with reference books on the first floor and other resources well-placed upstairs.  There are multiple computer docks for your lappy, or if you do not have your computer with you, computers available whether you want to find out what book you need to find there, or if you need to check on your farm/restaurant/college town on Facebook.    There are lots of study areas also available if you don't want to work on a computer, or don't need to power your computer.  They also have printing, helpful when one needs to print out their papers for classes.  There are two printer sections:  the 1st floor and the 3rd floor.  If you happen to be a UNC grad student (Duck Fuke), then you too can print upstairs on the cheep at 5c per page (well, you already paid for it if you pay for the student fee).  Downstairs is pay (10 cents a page).So overall, the library has books and other wonderful things.  I have also heard rumors of a basement.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,3/15/2011,110,194,7,12,12>This is a fun one. I went on a first date here. And I know that my date uses Yelp to find new restaurants...so this is really a fun review.Awesome place. Awesome food. Great atmosphere. My date had the Groupon for this place. First off, awesome idea. Mainly, who knows what Ethiopian food really is? (Awesome, that's what it is.) And apparently lots of people took advantage of the Groupon deal. So they're ready for you when you come in. Don't worry about it.If you're a party of two and like to try something different, totally sit at the "basket tables." It makes the eating of food so much more fun. Plus, if you want to reach across the plate to grab your date's food, it's easier since the table is a little shorter. There's none of this "please pass the lamb" business.The hot tea is pretty tasty. I'm going to have to learn how to make it. You get one free refill on teas and coffee, and no free refills on their specialty soda. You also get free refills on the injera bread. And you get free refills on napkins.The waitress was annoyingly helpful :) She came back frequently to ask us how everything was and if we needed more injera. I don't think she was Ethiopian, but she can pronounce and describe almost every item on the menu. We ordered the meat sampler for two which comes with a lamb option, chicken option, and beef option. One of the items (I think it was the beef) was really spicy. But the tea calms down the spice really well, so obviously I recommend getting the tea.Plus, they like butter here. It's not really vegan friendly, but it is super veggie friendly. Also, make sure you really like the person you're with, or at least you want to like the person you're with. Everyone eats from the same plate, unlike The South's version of Family Style, where you can move food from a group plate to your own plate. There's one massive plate with all your food together. What a super fun new way to eat. Definitely worth a try at least once.PS: You can thank my date for the photo. He reminded me to take it before we completely devoured our food.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2011,3/14/2011,315,293,1,6,5>Ok, so I now know where all of the cool people in Durham hang out....at Fullsteam brewery! On a recent Saturday night went there after going out to dinner with a friend. Pretty interesting set up they have, almost garage like with a ping-pong table and pin ball machine in one part, another part with picnic tables to hang out with friends,  and then the bar area with stools to sit and imbibe. I wasn't crazy about the beers I tried which were the El Toro Cream ale and the Sweet Potato ale. However, I am no microbrew connoisseur so maybe they would taste wonderful to another person with a more discerning palate than I (I'm a regular Bud Light drinker). I must point out that you can get a half glass to check out a beer you have never had before and it only cost like $2 or $2.50 and a full glass was only $4. Pretty good deal these days!They don't serve regular pub food here only "snacks" (Scooby snacks?). There was a pizza food truck out front when I was there, and I assume that is often the case to take care of the hungry hipsters of Durham.I wasn't blown away by anything at Fullsteam, but do want to check it out again. I liked the concept and the vibe going on there. I am sure they probably have some beers there I would like so I am eager to check out some different brews,  and It looked like they had a stage for bands(?), This may be a good place to chill with a locally brewed beer,  while checking out a band.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,3/13/2011,59,110,4,10,4>I love Indian food.  Absolutely love it.  As far as Indian buffet's go, this place has one of the best.  The selection is great, the food is fresh, and the staff is attentive.  I suggest this place anytime one of my co-workers or a visitor comes in to town.Don't let the location fool you.  You might assume that any restaurant behind a gas station is suspect, but this is not at all the case!  There are a vast amount of vegetarian options (over half of the buffet) and the spice is just right.My only negative is that the saag paneer is weird.  It's not bad, but it's not the best either.  I don't know what it is about it, but I tend not to get it very often when I'm there.Forgot to mention!  My favorite part about Haveli is that I don't have that "ohhhh I'm going to regret this so hard" feeling after eating here.  The food is filling but not heavy!  Bonus.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2010,4/1/2010,19,33,,3,2>The car wash will usually steal your money, the parking lot is awkward, and the wine selection is mostly crappy and completely random. But the beer. Oh my lord, the beer. This is the only place I buy beer. And they have cool packages/boxed sets that make good gifts for your boozing buddies. AND you can buy singles in case you want to try something new and you have a fear of commitment.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2010,3/31/2010,16,22,2,3,3>Tucked away at the corner of Davis and Morrisville Carpenter, this sandwich shop is outside my usual stomping grounds and would have likely gone unnoticed had it not been for a spur of the moment google for "healthy restaurant"  just prior to lunch.  Peppers was one of the few restaurants that popped up on google maps.  So a friend and i decided to check it out.What i found was a great new place to grab a quick lunch, at least until more people find it!  While the exterior is relatively tame and brick clad, the interior is fairly modern and bright with a ton of natural light. And the food was excellent!  I ordered the Spicy Pepper and while it wasn't the spiciest sandwich i've eaten, it was very well done balanced flavor and heat.  I'll definitely order it again!  My friend ordered the club, which was also delicious and stacked high with turkey and ham.The service was top notch and they brought out complimentary fresh baked mini chocolate chip cookies about half way through the meal for everyone who was in the restaurant.  Now I don't know if that is a usual thing or not, but i just might have to go back just in case!I can't speak for their dinner options, but did notice they had some very tasty looking options on their dinner menu.If you're in the area and your stomach starts a growlin' then Peppers Sandwich Shop shouldn't be overlooked!
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2010,3/30/2010,85,119,5,5,5>Fried Green Tomatos.  Just remember that and you'll be good.  The pulled pork is outstanding and I order it everytime.   Their "specials" include the dessert.  I was shocked to find that these guys are closed on Sundays and only open on until 3pm.    Business must be good!When my S. FL family members visited, I took them here.  They got a kick out of the entire wait staff wearing overalls to serve them.  Don't know why they thought it was so hilarious (damn tourists).  The waitress was cool and allowed them to take pictures and even posed with them.  She was a good sport.    So now everytime they come to visit me, this is the restaurant they request to go to for lunch.    Bring the kids along - we spent no more than $50 for a family of 7
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2010,3/28/2010,8,5,,4,3>Village Kabob was a pleasant surprise when my husband and I dined in last month. I don't have a very sophisticated palate, but I know what I like. The food here is amazing. The chicken kabobs were juicy and spicy with a large portion. Their bread is fantastic and I suggest paying extra to get a side. I also got the "pumpkin stew" which was delicious with the bread. The rice was the perfect aromatic companion to the whole dish. I didn't give the place a full five stars because the ambiance is lacking. The food is served on styrofoam plates and the fluorescent lights reminded me too much of where I work (a hospital). But, despite the decor, I would definitely go back. Great find for dinner and I hear they have good lunch specials as well.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2010,3/27/2010,20,14,5,7,6>Nice Price is an area classic.  I remember trading my collection of Babysitter's Club books for an upgrade to their Goosebumps selection.  The staff is super nice and helpful.  You can find a bit of everything, including best sellers and obscure handbooks.  Everyone has already mentioned their cd/vinyl collection.  I like to thumb through them and pretend like I have good taste in old school music.Pick a plastic stool and spend a few hours browsing...
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2010,3/26/2010,104,463,,6,6>We ended up here for brunch because I turned into the wrong parking lot.  I meant to go to Guglhupf, but we passed it, I guess. Maybe next time!  But we were treated with a happy accident... Foster's Market was crowded, so we figured it would be good.  We were a little confused about the counter ordering situation but it didn't take too long to figure out.   The marketplace/country store feel is what Cracker Barrel tries to be, but Foster's is authentic.Our food was delicious. I had a ham & egg biscuit sandwich.  The biscuit was unique and perfect in texture.  My wife had the omelette special with roasted red pepper sauce and loved it.It was a nice day so the porch was buzzing and we enjoyed the sunshine.  The market inside is very cool with all kinds of sauces, dips, and the like.  There was plenty of Easter candy for sale too.  Their wine selection had some interesting selections I've not seen before and, judging by the few I was familiar with, the prices were fair.I'm interested to go back again for lunch or dinner.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2010,3/25/2010,15,58,2,6,4>Thai Palace is one of the best Thai places I've gotten food from. Everything I've ever ordered has been awesome, and so has what people I've gone with ordered. It's a bit pricey at dinner, but pretty inexpensive at lunch if you get something from the lunch menu. But the dinner portions are also large enough to make another meal or two out of (at least for me, as a girl). The staff is super polite and friendly, so I really have only one complaint - I hate hate hate the atmosphere inside, and therefore always get takeout now. It has this weird atmosphere like you're eating in the dining room of an upscale retirement center. The table cloths and chairs seem too fancy, not to mention uncomfortable, and the lighting always seems off (too bright?). The tables, especially for two, are too close together. But it's one main thing really, that makes the difference - I don't think they play music at all. If they do, it's super quiet, like something they'd play at the spa. Because of this, everyone talks in really hushed tones and it's SO quiet and creepy, even with a bunch of occupied tables. Furthermore, because it's in a shopping center, there are no windows except at the front, which you can't really see from the dining room. Anyway, it just strikes me as odd, and I'm always uncomfortable in there. My recommendation is to get takeout.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2010,3/24/2010,8,74,3,3,1>I've been a patient here for the past year and been very pleased. The practice is located at the end of a strip mall and is clean and tastefully decorated. The equipment is modern and the staff is genuinely friendly. My only complaint is the awkward design of the restroom. There are two doors that need to be locked when using the facilities; the one that I closed and locked when I entered and the door opposite which I didn't. Fortunate timing prevented me from exposing more than my gum line.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2010,3/22/2010,16,20,9,6,6>You're kidding, right? These kids are putting out baked goods this good and STILL no store front? I first tried them at the Raleigh coffee-shop experiment "ShotBox" and that pound-and-a-half cupcake (you know the one), with the dark chocolate, candied habanero, and (wait for it!) tequila(!) blew my FREAKING mind! I was on the sidewalk going bananas and a couple walked up, asked "What the hell???" and I just pointed, garbled through a mouthfull "tell 'em you want what he had." Surprisingly they did. NOT surprisingly they thanked me.  Google "Shotbox"...there's an adorable video of a child digging their sh**.  If you live in Raleigh would you PLEASE tell someone to start stocking their black&white cookies. I need a fix...bad.Damn those cupcakes!
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2010,3/21/2010,40,2,3,3,2>I came for Cajun brunch and fresh conversation.  Papa Mojo's and a big group of yelpers totally delivered. They're clearly doing something right because the strip mall location makes it a destination-only spot.  You'll never just stumble upon this joint yet it was packed at 1pm on a Sunday.  The vibe is festive, chatty, even intimate.  My first impression was it felt like a mini version of the House of Blues' gospel brunch.  The live music was just the right temperature.  And the service was like good umpiring in baseball - you didn't really notice because nothing was ever wrong.Finally, the food.  I went off-menu:  Jambalaya Patties, fried and topped with poached egg and a Cajun sauce of some sort.  It was spicy, dense, flavorful and quite unlike anything I've ever had before.  I would not have shared if asked - it was superb.  The beignets were great as well.I should also mention the generous pour on both the bloody mary and mimosa.  I had both.  What - it was after Noon and my homework was done.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,3/13/2012,77,189,4,5,5>I remember thinking it was kind of a random thing that someone would open up a store that sold only popsicles.  Maybe that was the "loco" part of it since it couldn't be that awesome.  Or it could.  The "loco" is more for how crazy good they are.  A mojito flavor?  Yes please.  Grapefruit basil?  Mmmmmm.  They have some seemingly bizarre flavors and I have yet to have a bad one.  They even make some specifically for your furry four legged friend.They break down like so:  cream or water based pops.  There are the regular flavors which they always have (4 of each base), and the guest star flavors (around 4 of each base) which rotate out.  The space isn't much to write home about, but you won't care after you get your first taste of these heavenly pops.  They're not super filling, so be ready to have at least 2...or 3.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,3/12/2012,140,409,2,4,3>I don't see how Pauly Dogs can deserve less than 5 stars. Seriously, these are the BEST hot dogs I've ever had. Pauly Dogs has completely revolutionized my schema of what a hot dog should be and can be. The owners are incredibly friendly and wonderful, and the whole concept is just fabulous. LOVE Pauly Dogs!!! You can basically get any and every topping you want on your dog for no additional charge. Yes, that's right. Read it again. Mac n cheese, potato salad, barbecue chips, spaghetti-o's, sweet thai chili sauce, bacon, pepperoni - if you want all this (and more) on your dog, you've got it. And it'd cost the same as a plain hot dog with ketchup and sauerkraut. This is cheaper than a hot dog at a baseball game, and if you're a Duke student, it's on FOOD POINTS. Seriously, why would you not have a Pauly Dog every day??
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,3/11/2012,48,78,2,4,3>Been missing the Whole fish in hot pepper sauce, so decided to take a visit here on a rainy Saturday. What better thing to do on a rainy day than eat a spicy Szechuan dish? Well we found another special there - Winter Pork. A dull name for an incredible rendition of a cured pork belly dish. The flavours where incredible, and I loved the different textures of the pork, fungus and pickled daikon. Yum!!! Our third dish was the venerable green onion tea smoked duck, which made for the perfect companion to the Winter Pork. A perfect rainy Saturday lunch.It may well be time to organize a UYE here.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2011,3/10/2012,179,270,4,4,3>I'm new to the Gluten-Free Gang and I awoke in the middle of the night craving their gluten-free turkey sandwich... it's amazing! Let's just say I haven't had bread in a few months. Thankfully, me and my vegetarian friend were able to scratch that itch asap this weekend. Our lunch was fantastical, as usual. She had some kind of nutella, banana sandwich number. It looked sick good. I wanted to lick her plate, but I held back. Seemed inappropriate. No? The potato salad was a miss... not sure what was going on there. But, the server was quirky fun and they have awesome drink specials for those who drink before and/after 12 pm. ;) See you soon Remedy!Oh, and that outdoor rock garden patio area is neat, but pile on the bug spray. I looked like I had small pox the last time I left there.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2011,3/9/2012,43,105,3,7,4>Ah, chicken and waffles. I'm surprised by how few restaurants in the area serve this dish. I've been to Dame's four or five times so far, and it's quickly becoming one of my favorite restaurants in Durham. The basic setup consists of chicken, a waffle, a side, and flavored butter called a "schmear". Each item varies based on what you order, but I've always been able to change out the type of the waffle or schmear. I generally try to order things that I can't make at home, so I always go for one of the special waffles.So far, my favorite dish is The Frizzled Fowl with the sweet potato waffle substituted in for the classic waffle.  This dish has the chicken coated in Panko bread crumbs, with plum sauce and almonds sprinkled over the plate and a blueberry schmear on the side. Absolutely delicious!I had heard that Dame's did vegan chicken replacements at some point (maybe for the Vegan challenge in Durham a while back?) and wish they would bring it back. It would be much easier to bring vegetarians here with a chicken substitute available, and I think Durham would have enough vegetarians to meet the supply once word got out that they could eat here. Other than that, my only two complaints would be the paper drinking cups and no options for real maple syrup. I understand that real maple syrup is too expensive to offer standard, but the option to add it for a small surcharge would be ideal. I'm often tempted to bring my own maple syrup, but generally don't have enough warning to pick it up. All of my servers have been friendly, and the service has usually been pretty quick. There can be a long wait time on busy nights, but they do have benches outside and there are plenty of shops nearby to browse in while you wait. Overall, a great restaurant, and highly recommended.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2011,3/8/2012,68,241,,5,4>Our first visit to Tony's was on Wednesday night which happened to be DJ Trivia Night. However, today we learned that they no longer have DJ Trivia Night to my 11yo's dismay.  Oh well.  It was kinda cheesy but good family fun.  Needless to say, Tony's is very family friendly (Read: go after 6:30-7:00 pm if you want to miss the little ones.  Not that I have anything against younger kids.  Been there, done that.  I'm just sayin'.)The staff is friendly, the pizza is good and the prices are decent. My husband who's from New York, says Tony's is the closest to New York pizza you'll find in the area.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2011,3/7/2012,53,92,,5,6>Come hungry! So much meat!We went with a party of six for my birthday dinner and they gave us a very nice table. The gauchos kept telling me happy birthday and they gave me a complimentary piece of cheesecake. The meat was wonderful. The lamb was nicely cooked and the yummy buffet had mint jelly for it. Our favorites were the garlic steak, lamb, and filet wrapped in bacon. The pork was a little dry.The buffet in itself could be a meal. Salad, soups, pasta, cheeses, etc. All high-end quality with explosive flavor. They also have a full bar. I started off with a cosmo, but they suggested I try a traditional Brazilian Lime drink (can't remember the name). It was sooo good--my cousin had to have one as well. We had a great time because of the combo of atmosphere, food, and family. Excellent choice.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2011,3/6/2012,43,376,2,4,4>You wowed me Humble Pie.I'm afraid I haven't visited much over the last years, I'm sorry about that.  But when it came to finding a place for a large party on a Saturday night you came to mind.. and came through.  You were able to accommodate a large reservation of 20+, you said it wouldn't be a problem to bring in some decorations for the table (for a birthday party), you let us bring in a cake (and supplied us with everything we needed to serve the party), and the icing on the proverbial cake you separated checks!  Joey Lawrence once said it best..."whoa!"  Okay, so already your service is stellar, the atmosphere is fantastic (why haven't I thought about your patio more often for an al fresco dining option, it looked so inviting and cool), and I haven't even talked about the food.  The bread is a nice start (with butter with chives), the sushi looked great, I heard great things about the fried green tomatoes and the white sangria was off the charts.  For dinner I had the ahi tuna, which for $15, was plenty for a meal - although I was easily tempted to try a starter or other small plate.I'm lucky I got a parking space close by, that's the one potential issue for guests.  But don't worry, Humble Pie is worth the walk!
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,3/5/2012,86,140,,7,3>This is my go-to mexican place. I've tried quite a few in town: Habanero's, La Hacienda, the place in White Cross, Torero's, Cinco de Mayo, but I always keep coming back here. The service is always friendly and prompt. The good is consistently good and the prices are really good.My recommendations are:- Chunky guacamole - $3.50 for fresh made guacamole, oh yeah. Usually needs a shake of salt on it though.- Tacos de carnitas - Pork tacos. Their shredded pork is really tasty. They have some homemade hot sauce that goes great on these. Usually you have to ask for the sauce.- Fajita quesadilla - sometimes fajitas are too much trouble to make. This one has lots of cheese on it too. Pretty large also.- Lunch fajitas - cheap and plentiful.They're always great with large groups too. I'm impressed that they seem to not get psyched out with the huge groups and ignore the regular tables. And when I've been in the group, my orders were still delivered as quick as at a regular table.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2011,3/4/2012,26,57,,6,2>I love this place.  I worked at a movie theatre for 5 years, and I 'm still obsessed with popcorn.  It's a small, local business (which I love).  The woman behind the counter was so nice and friendly. She let me have a taste of the different kinds of popcorn before my purchase.  They have sweet and savory flavors (carolina BBQ, sweet iced tea, strawberry, etc) and 1-2 flavors of the week.  My favorite was the Mad Popper blend: caramel and cheddar kernels mixed together.  It sounds weird, but it was a huge hit at the party I brought it to.  They have a frequent buyer card, but you have to buy $10 worth of popcorn to get it punched - that's actually harder than you'd think!  (They are going to change the program in the future).
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,2/13/2013,23,286,,6,2>W selected Bolt for dinner last night based on all of the rave reviews here and we were not disappointed! As others have said, yoiu would never know this is the same place as the old Mint. I love how it looks inside now, very Open and modern! Our waitress, Sarah was super sweet and very attentive. I loved that she was not shy about recommending her favorites on the menu. The menu has a wide variety of small palates, flat breads, salads and large plates. They have a fairly small but good wine list with reasonable prices. We sat at the bar for a drink before dinner and watched the bar tender hand stuff olives with blue cheese for a martini she was making. I thought that was pretty awesome. The owner, David came by to chat with us and was very anxious for our feedback and to make sure that we were enjoying ourselves. Between the 4 of us, we ordered the short rib slider, the shrimp tacos, a Caesar salad, a wedge, the caprese, onion soup, scallops and ahi tuna. Everything that we got was delicious, but the short rib sliders were definitely the star! Based on those sliders, my DH wants to go back and have the short rib entree. Even though they are called sliders, they are quite large and one order of 2 sliders could easily be enough for a dinner entree for me! The portions are a nice size and since we got the appetizers and soup/salad, splitting an entree was the perfect amount of food for us. The onion soup is served in a whole onion which was kind've cute. My only small complaints would be that although the Caesar salad was delicious, it had too much dressing on it, and I really would've liked some bread to go with the soups and salads. We will definitely be back often!
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,2/12/2013,18,61,6,3,5>I have some friends who are REALLY into brunch.  Like I think they live for it.  As hungover as they might be, they still wanna truck out to eat off special menus between 11am and 2pm on a weekend.Admittedly, I'm not huge on brunch.  I'm not huge on eating out, period, but brunch usually doesn't do it for me.  However, I do love a good pastry and excellent bread, and when I heard some friends were gathering here one Saturday early afternoon, I decided to join to check it out.Five words: sea salt and dark chocolate.  This happens to be like one of the all-time favorite combinations of sweet and salty.  So of course I snapped up some tart like thing that was in those flavors.  It was pretty good, but I couldn't eat the whole thing because the chocolate was almost TOO Much.Coffee was decent.  Can't complain.  I liked the mugs a lot.  Not sure what it was about them. For some reason, I picked up a baguette and took it to go, then man handled it in my car while driving to Target afterwards.  Holy sweet jesus.  I don't know where this piece of heaven came from, but it was one of the best baguettes I've had in a while.  It was crusty without being hurt/scratch your mouth hard.  I ate it straight up while cruising in my Honda and I was unashamed.  I even discovered a small piece I left in my purse later that evening and was thrilled for the snack.I love bread, and I'd definitely go back there for one of those again.  Oh yeah!  And the atmosphere... I expected craziness (since it was brunch o'clock) but it was totally chill.  It happened to be a beautiful late fall day, and warm so several people were gathered outside.  We were inside at a dope table in the window.  There were maybe two other tables seated in there at the time.  Perfect.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,2/11/2013,108,135,,7,6>It's a coffee shop, it's a meditative space, it's a place to gather with friends, it's a cool bar, it's a retro furnishings store and I am a fan of all of it.This seriously swank space is tucked away in a very unassuming spot. There's not a lot of warning for the quick turn off into the parking lot (the sign is hard to see at night), but as soon as you park the 'choose your own adventure' begins. The place is laid out a bit like a mountain retreat / maze...I find there's something vaguely 'Alice in Wonderland' about the whole thing. There are a a few different entrances (the main one and the one that leads to the bar-barn), and once inside you're following wood-worked signs to find a cozy spot in Sanderson House or grab a drink at the coffee bar. There's a sizeable patio area with luxe cabana lounges, bamboo groves and a buddha. The place screams for a fire dancing show. The cocktail / bar area is in a converted shed / barn - which may sound odd, but trust me. The lighting and presentation make it feel expensive, which actually could be said about the whole space.I haven't tried their coffee (not a fan in general), but their cocktails, wine and beer selection was great. I even got full-on flaming sugar cube service for my absinthe-based drink. Fun times!
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,2/10/2013,57,63,3,9,4>I looked up at Marcia (my fiance), with a sly smile as I pulled the barbacoa taco away from my mouth and waited for her reaction as she bit into her carnita tostada.  I was greeted with bright eyes and giant smile back.  I then said to her "This is why I love living in Durham..."  That pretty much sums up my experience at La Vaquita.  I had the barbacoa, carnita, and pastor tacos and all were delicious.  I'd say the carnita was my favorite.  The corn tortilla tasted as if it were made there recently. They came with rice and beans which were amazing.  The beans were honestly the most delicious refried beans I've aver had.  They were creamy, and mixed with a bit of queso fresco.  The rice was moist and flavorful.  We ordered a tamale that was probably one of the larger ones I've ever been served.  It tasted wonderful with the red sauce on top... :) That lovely little cow on the roof now moos at me to come back and try more.  I will soon, I will my Vaquita...
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,2/9/2013,175,190,,12,6>I can't believe I've never reviewed this place.  We started coming four years ago.  It's unbelieveable to know that a place sandwiched between a Jumbo china and a mastercuts can put out some of, if not THE best food in the area.  The wait staff is kind, cordial and has complete knowledge of the menu.  There's no peeking at the cheat sheet here - these guys and gals know what's up. The Sommelier better known as Lil the owner has an excellent wine list and his pairing choices have never been wrong.  I would like to state on the record that the napkin swap for individuals wearing dark clothing from a white to a black napkin is an awesome nuance that many a restaurant fails on.  Additionally  the fact that Lil picks up on peoples hand dominance is insane.  The first time we were there he picked up on the fact that B is a lefty.  It was a pretty interesting exchange and it through Brit for a loop.  He came up and asker her what hand she cut her meat with.  From that moment on all her dishes arrived and places were set with her dominance in mind. On to the food - I most recently had the sweet breads appetizer.  Excellently prepared bits of chewy, unctuous and crispy offal.  For my main I had rabbit three ways - Had I had the wallet depth I'd have probably ordered two or three of these dishes for sheer flavor enjoyment.  The sausage was well made, with a seasoning blend that heightened the tang and slight gaminess that rabbit exhibits.  The herb crusted ribs were delectable, and I picked every piece of flesh off the miniscule racks.  Lastly the leg and thigh were packed with flavor.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,2/8/2013,79,87,2,8,5>Big Boss means big taste. Their beers are great and I finally had the chance to check out their taproom. Brewery tours take place the second Saturday of each month at 2pm, but since I couldn't make the tour, I decided to at least have a couple of late night drinks.The location, as others have said, is not the best. However, if you live in the vicinity of downtown Raleigh, it's super easy to get to. It's literally a 3 minute drive for me, which makes up for the industrial/warehouse location. They have free bar games: pool, table tennis, darts, and shuffle board. They are lacking quality, but still for free I don't feel I have the right to complain. There's a few small tables and chairs scattered around at the bar and a cozy back room next to the pool table that would be great for a more private group night. What I liked most about this place was the friendly people. The bartender was friendly and fun, as were some of the workers hanging out after their shift.I also was given a bumper sticker. Sweet!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,2/7/2013,32,168,4,8,6>I got my car serviced in Cary recently, and once it was ready, my tummy rumbled--time for lunch!  Thanks to the handy-dandy Yelp app I looked up the nearby options, and found this place.  Highly rated Indian food in a gas station?  Wut?  I needed to check this out.  Besides, my tank was just about empty, so I saw 2 birds in my crosshairs, ready to get dead.So I drove along following the monotone voice of my gps and found the Citgo gas station with a humble "Indian food" sign.  Walked in--typical gas station convenience store (with a Confederate flag patterned bandana, no less) but with an Indian food station to the right, by the cash register.  There were some ready-made dishes to go (including things like fish, samosas, and curry) but also a large menu of things to order.  I was greeted by a very warm, friendly man with a baby sleeping in a pouch on his chest, who gave me a menu and encouraged me to take my time.  I perused the options, and decided to grab a saag paneer and tandoori chicken.  At first I was confused to see no section in the menu for sides (such as naan) but then realized that sides are included!  The saag came with both rice AND naan (no need to order the naan separately, as with most places), and the chicken came with rice and "Moroccan hummus" which is really a spicy chickpea dish with tomato sauce.  There was also a large list of vegetarian options for those so inclined.  The food took about 15 or so minutes, so I filled my tank, perused the candy, and sat at one of the two little tables by the coffee machines with my phone.  When the guy alerted me that the food was ready, I saw all the containers and realized that I had gotten a massive amount of food for $17.  Awesome.  He was exceedingly nice and encouraged me to let him know what I thought about the food.Once I got home I tore into the items.  The tandoori chicken?  Delicious!  (The meat was on the bone so it required messy hands, but I didn't care.)  The accompanying Moroccan hummus?  AMAZING.  I mixed some of that with rice and the spicy green sauce that came in a little plastic container, and...angels sang.  So, so good.  The saag was also wonderful and not at all too spicy.  My least favorite was the naan, but everything else was so awesome that I didn't care, and besides it was included with the saag.  Overall, it's definitely the best Indian food I've had in the Triangle, with the possible exception of Vimala's.Open daily 11 am to 5 pm except Sunday.  There are a couple little tables with a few chairs but given the lackluster ambience of a gas station convenience store, I recommend takeout.  The food is made to order (unless you get one of those pre-made dishes) so if you don't want to wait then call ahead.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,2/6/2013,169,170,,11,11>Peccadillo turned a great night into an unforgettable night! My wife and I came out to Chapel Hill for our 3 year anniversary. We first had dinner at Elaine's and then decided to visit Peccadillo for drinks.The space is small but very open with tall ceilings. It was dark inside and there was music playing from the early 1900's. When we arrived it was fairly early in the evening (around 8pm) and they weren't too busy. One of the bartenders came over and helped us select a couple drinks. My first impression was that the drink menu didn't have a lot of bells and whistles; Instead I learned that they offer more subtle complexities. I was leaning toward getting a Manhattan but the bartender recommended a variation of the Negroni with bourbon instead of gin. It was a great recommendation! The drink flavor was very bourbon-forward but it transitioned nicely into a sweet candy flavor.The drinks were great but most of the credit for the great evening goes to the Bartender (Dean) for his genuine niceness. When we first arrived, the bartender soon came over and provided the menus and two glasses of water (which is a nice touch for a bar like this). When he came back he helped us pick a drink and then chatted with us about our evening. Before he even knew that we were celebrating our anniversary he already impressed me with his friendliness. We had no expectation of getting special treatment, but Dean went out of his way to make our night extra special. He treated us to a platter of chocolate and cheese. The cheese was amazing!! It was very buttery and creamy and despite already being full from a 3-course dinner, I ate more than my fair share. My wife and I each received a complimentary glass of wine. We were glowing by the end of the evening and it was sad to have to leave.We will be back to Peccadillo, and I look forward to returning with my wife and our friends. I highly recommend this place. My wish for a closer location will also come true when they open a second location in Durham -- I can't wait to welcome them to my neighborhood!
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,2/5/2013,73,128,4,10,10>I'm as happy as a clam at high tide!  My dining experience at Mateo was one of ease and pure delight; there is nothing I love more than dining with a group of friends and having small, flavor packed dishes delivered throughout the duration of our meal.Small plates, huge flavor and many dishes to choose from!  Anyone can find something on this menu to love...I just happened to find everything I tried a true treat to the Durham food scene!Here's a breakdown of what we ordered:Chicharones (chicken fried chicken skin, piquillo chow chow)-extra crispy bites of fried chicken skin topped with a sweet pepper mixture on top of an aoili sauce.Escalivada-a beautifully presented and tasty blend of grilled red peppers, eggplant, squash, tomatoes and red onions.  This dish packed more flavor than we expected!Carpaccio de Pulpo (octopus carpaccio, smoked potato salad and pickled red onion)-delicately sliced octopus topped off with smokey paprika infused potatoes and onions.Pate de Higado de Pollo-an oh so creamy chicken liver mousse with onion jam and crostiniCostillas de Cerdo (pork ribs, espellette pepper jelly)-trust me, get this; the sauce is amazing!Albondigas (meatballs, chorizo, local field pea stew)Almejas Pequenas (manila clams, sherry, garlic, boiled peanuts and ham)-the boiled peanuts were a different touch but the clams and sauce were out of this world.  I could have ordered 3 more to hoard all for myself.Patatas y Morcilla (blood sausage, creamy potato, apple, hazelnuts)-never in my life have I had potatoes this creamy and the apple paired wonderfully with the flavorful blood sausage.For dessert we had the churros with a chocolate & coffee dipping sauce and some other chocolate pudding type dessert.  Both were amazing and not too sweet.I will dream about this meal every night!  It was perfect.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,2/4/2013,53,92,9,5,7>This is a perfect place to bring an over-weight dog. I know, funny, but it is really flat and easy to navigate. We have an older, "big-boned" dog and he handled this walk just fine and were still able to get outdoors without our pup foaming at the mouth from exhaustion. It is convenient to Durham or Raleigh; from either I-40 or 70. They also have public bathrooms, a luxury.The trees and scenery are lovely, and I have high outdoor standards coming from the mountains. The whole park is very well shaded. This would be an excellent park for a picnic and or to camp-out and still be close to home.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,12/9/2013,81,225,1,8,5>Came back here the other day and wow, things have changed! But good thing the food is still just as scrumptious! For one, they're calling themselves Cilantro now instead of just Regency Kitchen. Secondly, they've kinda blocked off a section within their store (yes, at the gas station still) with screens and placed nice looking glass tables and chairs if you want to stay and eat there. They've also added some tapestries to make it look more Middle Eastern. Very nice touch in my opinion. Otherwise, it's still the same setup, you can either call in your order or wait (usually takes 20-25 minutes for them to cook up your order) and you pay at the cash register. They make your meal to order and I've always asked for it "extra spicy" and I have not been disappointed. My favorite entree is still the Chicken Wing Tandoori!Oh, but they added lassi drinks to their menu too! (Yougurt, fruit drink/smoothie). I had the mango smoothie and it was quite delish! And they've extended their hours! I'll definitely be back =]
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,12/8/2013,22,106,,3,3>My fiancee and I have this thing.  Whenever we are having a hard time deciding where to eat, we'll go somewhere we both hate.  Which is how we ended up at Gravy for lunch last week.I ordered the meatball sub and he ordered the lasagna, and while we waited, we speculated on what would be wrong with our meals.  "The lasagna will be days old, and cold", we joked.  The meatballs would be too dense and overly salty, I said.  Not much longer,  our entrees arrived and we were not only pleasantly surprised, but happy with our food!I didn't have any complaints and was very happy to have a meatball sub that hit the spot.  Next time we go to Gravy, it will be because we want to go back, not because neither of us want to.:)
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,12/7/2013,64,257,3,4,5>Music still rocks, sweet tea is still delicious, mac and cheese is still the side to get, and service is still on the ball. More or less the same as every time I've gone before. So why the extra star now? MORE vegetarian options! Yes. MORE. Unlike most meat-centric restaurants where options are ever-declining, The Pig knows how to treat its non-meat-eating fans. The spouse and I split the tempeh sandwich and the country fried tofu plate and almost ended up in a food coma. Every bite was a 'How can this taste so good?!' moment. The pickles are too sweet for my taste, but their hushpuppies are The. Best. Hushpuppies. that I have ever had in North Carolina. Seriously, NC; this is how you do 'em.The staff may not bow and scrape when you enter but I prefer the casual, friendly manner in which they do engage; I feel comfortable asking the counter staff detailed questions or trading gentle jokes about not eating meat at a barbecue restaurant. It's not that much more expensive than most places are these days, and for what we ordered it was a lot less than a lower-quality, less satisfying meal would cost at the more famous, similarly-named 'The P--'. And top tip: Taps are coming! Draft beers will be yours for the enjoyment, with an emphasis (as always there) on local offerings. For food that leaves off the meat but packs on all the flavour in true Southern style, I'm sticking with The Pig.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,12/6/2013,32,398,4,3,2>Other folks are right - don't even bother attempting to come if there's anything going on at PNC or Carter-Finley. That said, if you come at an off time, this place is quite awesome. I mean, if you're even slightly into sports, you almost get an erection (or lady wood, if you're of the vaginal persuasion) when you see the TV setup.This is the first place I've been in quite a long time where you can actually get the TV sound broadcast at the table. Rather than suffering through no sound or vainly attempting to read closed captions, they have a speaker setup at every table (which you can tune to any of the five TVs they're displaying). Oh yeah.Food good (which still pisses me off that that phrase doesn't rhyme, but that's a separate story). Nice big portions, pretty decent quality, and quite tasty. And the truffle fries are good enough to cause a problem in your marriage (not that my wife and I fought over them or anything... *cough*). Service was pretty good. Not amazing, but perfectly adequate. And our waitress definitely earned a better tip when she patiently cleaned up after me after I turned full-moron and knocked over my leftovers.Beer was decent. Nice local selection, but they happened to be out of several of the local options when I was in there. Not too many craft options, but there was just enough variety to satisfy most non-beer geeks. Now I want more truffle fries. Stupid Yelp making me relive good food.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,12/5/2013,68,214,1,8,2>Ahhhhh....pure delight. The whole experience from walking around the house and grounds to sitting outside on the porch with cocktail in hand....was simply relaxing and indulgent. If you desire a dinner where you can take a deep breath and escape your daily worries and stress, the drive out to Fearrington, along with the excellent service and delicious food, will transport you to a vacation-like experience. We absolutely loved the evening. Our pre-dinner cocktails which came with complimentary snacks, were delicious. Our 4-course meal was imaginative and fresh. Some dishes were better than others (hence the 4 stars) and the portions were on the small size for the price point, but overall the experience was delightful. Highly recommend for a romantic celebratory evening out...Make sure you go early enough to sit on the rocking chairs and enjoy the view with a drink in hand.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,12/4/2013,175,190,1,9,4>First off whatever you do when heading to this restaurant do not follow Google Maps, Waze or Garmin.  You'll wind up on the backside of the building driving through a trailer park and winding up at the front steps of Starlight Meadery.  Upon first arriving at the building you'll go by their "pollen garden" and a pretty hipster-ish grocery store - Think Whole Foods with more granola. We were greeted quickly and since we made reservations we were seated promptly.  The buildings decor is quite simple yet elegant.  The age of the wood, the exposed beams and the old windows add a touch of nostalgia to the experience.  The first course was very well presented.  I had their tempura - a little heavy handed on the breading but my wife's salad was well prepared with a velvety vinaigrette.  My main was perfectly cooked to the temp I requested.  The Ribeye was well marbled and tender.  My wife's fish was flaky and dense, yielding and sweet. We wrapped up the evening with a chocolate cake with local made ice cream.  It's close enough to our new house to take the place of our beloved 18 seaboard, and in the same price range.We'll definitely be back.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,12/3/2013,9,88,4,8,5>I had been hearing great things about Benetis for awhile and, believe me, I wanted to try it but, really, how often am I in RTP?  As luck would have it, I was picking up a friend from the airport at an ungodly hour and 147 North was jammed up so I figured, "Why not?"Benetis is in the same shopping center as Thai Lanna, Papa Mojo's, Sarah's Empanadas, etc. and, as a result, might be easy to overlook.  Doing so, however, would be a mistake.  Pro tip:  At Benetis, omelettes will typically run you about eight dollars.  Between 7:00am-10:00am, they're on special for five dollars and change.  Naturally, I went for the Californian omelette with a side of fruit and an English muffin.  As expected, the food was great, the portions were large, and the staff friendly.  Oh, and my friend I picked up from the airport?  He's not an egg fan but ate his omelette like it was his last meal.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,12/2/2013,41,63,1,7,6>So I came before the "full menu" opening, so the choices weren't as wide as they will be. The place is really cute. The outside area is a bit parking lot-y, but their area is nice and there's not much they can do about the parking lot next to them. I decided on Sean's bacon cheddarburger. I figured why not start with the basic burger and see how tasty they are before getting all fancy(because trust me- I'm going to be going fancy here later). The wait was fair for how busy it was- I got to watch them make the burger from scratch and it was fantastic! The first thing I noticed was how colorful the veggies on my burger are. The tomatoes are real tomato red, the lettuce is better than iceberg green, and all together, it made for a tasty looking burger and a pretty presentation. My first bite was delicious! The meat was cooked perfectly and tasted fantastic. That's the main reason I started with a simple burger- so I could try the actual meat- and this burger passed. I can't wait to try it with some of the exciting things coming up on the menu. The bacon was crispy, the tomatoes tasted like tomatoes, the bun tasted great as well. You can tell the majority of the ingredients are local and legit. I got the crinkle fries because they were out of sweet potato this time :( BUT! Even these were fancied up with sea salt and rosemary and were tastier than normal. All and all, great first impression by Al's and I'll definitely be back for their full menu.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,12/1/2013,236,354,1,4,4>Excellent!  I've been twice now and always had a great experience there.  I really love this quaint sweet little bakery.  Last year I ordered a dozen cupcakes for my best friend's birthday.  We had strawberry lemonade and I believe the other half was a special margarita flavor.  Strawberry Lemonade was made with lemon cake infused with strawberry syrup and topped with vanilla buttercream and a candied lemon wedge.  They were DEE-liciUS!!!!  They were huge, moist, and not overly sweet.  Because of the size, we cut them in half and shared them and my friend had leftovers to enjoy later.  They have deals online, particularly with Groupon, so a few months ago, I ordered a dozen for a friend's surprise going away party.  They're really easy to order online.  I loved that Edible Art, again, let me order half dozen one flavor and a half dozen in another flavor.  We had a half dozen of their classic Vanilla Pearl: Delicious vanilla cake with real vanilla buttercream, garnished with sparkles and edible pearls!  Then we also had a half dozen of Chocolate Salted Caramel: Moist chocolate cake infused with homemade caramel and iced with a real chocolate buttercream and butterscotch chips.  See attached picture.  Pardon the forks on the side and smearing of icing.  A couple got a little unsettled in the car and I had to halt everyone from eating them until I got a picture!  This place is an absolute delight.  I've only had the cupcakes, but the other items they make look quite exciting so I'd love to try them another time.  Please note that they are a little pricey, but their work is original and pretty good so I imagine the unique elements of their business contribute to the pricing.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,11/30/2013,185,276,,6,3>This is a lovely restaurant in a historic house in downtown Raleigh. If you're trying to really impress someone or celebrate, this is a good choice. The wait staff is very observant and on top of things. Immediately filling up water, coming around with a bread basket, etc. My husband ordered a cocktail and I've never seen someone get their drink so fast. We ordered a cheese plate as our first course. We had the morbier, stack house, and ewephoria cheeses. They were DIVINE. So so good. A really big portion of each for $16.Our 2nd course, my husband ordered the ribeye and I had the filet mignon special entree. The ratatouille that accompanied mine was SO good. His ribeye was yummy too. I will say that my reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that this was not even close to the best filet mignon I've had. I felt like there was too much fat on mine and I had a hard time cutting it. Being in an environment I am not as accustomed to, I didn't say anything. :( I should have though and I read that one of my yelp friends had a similar experience. The dessert we ordered was the chocolate ganache tart. The sauce that came with it was sooooo good. The ganache was rich and perfect. I really loved the fact that when we got to the restaurant they gave my husband a personalized menu (they wrote Happy 27th Birthday...and his name) and the chef signed it. Very nice touch! It made him feel  very special and I got major brownie points for picking the place for his bday dinner ! ;)I also loved the there was a maitre d' that constantly made his rounds to assure everyone was doing great. He was such a nice guy and gave my husband some info about the history of the house while I was in ladies room. :)All in all, wonderful meal ..but I will probably go for a seafood fish when we return in future.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,1/7/2014,230,281,4,13,5>Poole's is widely considered THEE best or one of the best restaurants in Raleigh. It is one of my favorites too - but I generally avoid it on weekends unless I am eating before 7 or after 9 due to the lines. Like all of Ashley Christensen's (AC) restaurants, you can't make reservations. This is because she doesn't want the restaurants to become exclusive. I'm ok with that, but I wish they would take reservations for large parties. I would like to take my parents there someday, but they would not like waiting that long.If you're going to eat at Poole's, you should do it right. Make sure to order at least one appetizer per two people. Make sure you get at least one portion of the mac & cheese. The cocktail and beer menus are generally pretty good - the Trappist Rochefort 10 beer is one of my faves (10 = 10% abv). Your bill will probably be ~$50 per person, which is a little pricey but usually worth it.The menus are written on chalkboards on the wall, so you usually have to get out of your seat to make a decision. Some of the dishes can be rather experimental (e.g. rabbit), but don't be shy because they are all delicious! One of the cheapest options on the menu is the "The Royale" (a burger, a la Pulp Fiction). I think Poole's has an elevated reputation due to word-of-mouth and The Food Network, but I would consider it a must-try in Raleigh.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,1/6/2014,152,421,3,7,4>India Gate is my favorite Indian lunch buffet in the area. The food is great - I always leave satisfied. I especially like their rices, chutneys, and pickles, made with fresh ingredients. If you have a habit of skipping over the chutneys and pickles on an Indian buffet, I encourage you to try them here! Very tasty - a party in your mouth!It's not busy at all on weekends, so if you're looking for a quiet Saturday lunch spot, this is the place!The owner/manager is as sweet as can be!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,1/5/2014,163,368,2,9,4>Being new to the area (ok, really, who isn't?), I needed to find all new services.  I'm pretty picky when it comes to my hair so that was one of the first things I started researching.  It didn't take long before I found Curl Up and Dye.  The reviews sounded great (aside from the one scheduling snafu), so I made my appointment.If you're a new client, you won't be able to get in the same week. Kim is a one-woman show and is busy... because she's so good!  So I scheduled my appointment for a few weeks out.  I initially left her a message and she called me back when she was in between clients.  Her place was easy to find, with its own little parking lot which made it convenient to zip in and out.  Kim was friendly and listened to what I was looking for, and made suggestions based on my hair type.  It was great. She was extremely efficient and my hair came out amazing. Now, I even send my husband there to get his hair cut.She is reasonably priced and sells Aveda products in her salon.  I would definitely recommend Kim to anyone looking for a salon in the area... she's worth the wait!
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,1/4/2014,315,293,2,4,2>Yo Adrian! *The closest I have had to a Pat's or Geno's Philly cheesesteaks is from watching on the Food Network, so I am not the authority on an authentic Philly cheese steak. I did really enjoy the version here though. I ordered a cheesesteak with cheese wiz, and that does add a lot different flavor than provolone, which is how I usually get a cheesesteak. It probably adds an additional 100 calories too, but who's counting? I also got peppers and onions on my sandwich along with fries and a drink.I thought the size of the sandwich was more than plenty and very filling also. The bread was soft, and fell apart when I picked it up and took a few bites. Quite messy, so be careful there!Lots of Philly sports memorabilia on the walls, if you're a sports fan. Everyone I encountered was friendly and nice and the place was clean. I was actually sort of disappointed in that. I thought Philly was supposed to be rude and dirty? (Kidding!)* They should put a statue of Rocky in front of their establishment. That would be cool!
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,1/3/2014,57,63,,6,4>This place is a solid 4-star IMO and I will be returning.  I've been there twice for lunch and haven't been disappointed.  Service was a bit slow, but not slow enough to warrant a star deduction.I've had vermicelli twice.  The first dish I had was my stand-by of Grilled Pork w/Vietnamese Egg Rolls.  The pork was sliced nice and thin and you could taste the grill coming through.  The egg rolls were good, but nothing to write about.  The second time I had the House Vermicelli Special (H2) and it came with grilled pork, grilled shrimp, egg rolls, and shrimp-paste wrapped in something delicious and fried (yes, shrimp past doesn't sound appetizing but trust me it good).  The combination played very nicely together and I highly recommend that dish as a first to get a good taste of everything.  Next time I'll try the Pho as a friend said it was very good.Overall, great place for Vietnamese.  Go ahead and try it out, you'll be happy.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2013,1/2/2014,72,86,,9,1>Buried deep in the recesses of the new monstrous development in Cary, this theater is brand-spanking new!  It's surrounded by an ever-increasing number of pre-movie dinner options, so that's a definite bonus.  It's owned by Stone Theaters, the same company that originally owned Southpoint Cinemas.  It looks pretty similar to Southpoint on the inside, and also features the classic $5 Tuesdays (a MUST). One of the main draws for this theater will be the "PDX" movie screen(s?) they have for showing some of the bigger feature films.  It's like IMAX, but not exactly IMAX branding.  Their website will give you the whole spiel; for us, the semi-frequent moviegoers, the bottom line is that it is at least wider than Southpoint's IMAX screen and the picture quality is really impressive.  The sound was also really good, but the difference wasn't quite as striking as the picture quality.My wife and I went for a 9:30 Friday night showing of a new release on the PDX screen, and the theater was practically empty.  Maybe it's just too new and word hasn't spread, maybe it's after 9PM in Cary, NC, or something else, but I guess it's a great place to go watch the summer blockbusters without fighting a crowd.  We'll definitely be back to see if we can score such great seats twice in a row.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,1/1/2014,56,201,,4,3>Wow - Nice.  This venue occupies an old rail station along the Historic N&W Belt Line Freight Depot - adjacent to the Cotton Room in Durham.  If you'd been there before, you could see what a labor of love has been made to get this venue into shape for weddings, celebrations, and all sorts of et cetera.  Wrought iron railings with planters define the edge of the platform.  The raw brick has been brought back to 'life.'  The lighting is suited to whatever mood is desired.  The ceiling fans moderate the temperature at all times (except for the hour or so in the late afternoon that the sun bathes the station).  Rest rooms are ample.  Standing tables and tables for sitting abound.  There's space for a band, as well as roving minstrels and musicians.  There's a nice bar at the far end...The proprietors also run The Cotton Room (upstairs) which deserves a review of its own.  But as a stand - alone venue, Belt Line Station is a beautifully restored space that oozes with romance.  Thank goodness someone saw fit to renovate the space instead of tearing it down and building new... you just can't buy this kind of charm!
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,12/31/2013,22,92,,7,2>In the mood for quick take-out as close to home as possible and something new at the same time, what is a girl to do? Use the Yelp search targeted map of course! This is how I discovered Japan Express, and I am so glad that I did! It's in the Pleasant Valley Promenade to the right of Golfsmith. Easy parking and easy in-and-out. There were no diners in the restaurant when I went to pick up my order, but there was a steady stream of people to pick up to-go orders that came in after me. After reading the suggestion of a fellow Yelper, I ordered the Hibachi Steak and Shrimp. It came with two mounds of fried rice, broccoli and onions. I also ordered a side of crab rangoon, which was surprisingly shaped like a spring roll (I had never seen it made like that before). Both orders were delicious! The young lady at the counter gave me 4 different sauces to try when I told her that it was my first time ordering food from Japan Express. The white sauce was my favorite!The only reason I didn't award Japan Express 5 stars is because I could not find a website with information. I searched for a menu and found one, but it must have been old because the prices were around $2 lower than I was charged when I placed my order. Having known the correct prices in advance, I might have changed my order. I was happy to grab a menu to add to our take-out favorites for future reference. Will be back in the future!
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,12/30/2013,7,108,,3,2>Another local brewery in the Triangle! This time, Carrboro gets its neighborhood brewery, and it's a really good one. Enjoyed all of the beer I tried and also a great place to hang out. I don't make it out to Carrboro too often, but whenever I do Steel String is going to be on my list.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,12/29/2013,4,90,2,5,2>I got take out here a few weeks ago with my wife and parents so I can't comment on the service and dining experience.  However, the food was awesome!  We all really enjoyed everything.  I did not call ahead so it took a little while to get everything prepared but it was well worth the wait.  We had the Pineapple Fried Rice, Pad Thai, and the Cashew Nut stir fry.  It was very satisfying.  Although I did not eat there, the workers seemed very friendly when taking my order.  I will definitely be back.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2010,8/28/2010,89,301,2,3,3>I have had my eye on this salon since we visited back in March.  I love all things Kawaii and loved the kitschy feel of this shop/salon and pointed it out to my daughter who had been asking me to get her hair cut for weeks and she said she wanted to try it out.  Now, I don't normally spend $30 on a kids cut but she wanted something different and she is heading into the teen years where getting a bad hair cut can set you back for months.  (Well, I confess I still have that problem, wonder where she gets it from?)  Plus being new to the area and her going to a new school I wanted to make sure she wouldn't have at least that to worry about.I really liked how you could book online.  They have all the stylists schedules and once you register you can manage your appointments on line and get confirmation.  I had read that that the person that answers the phone wasn't very friendly but the person that greeted us was very nice.We scheduled time with Jess and my daughter had a photo she brought in to show her.  She was very confident she could do it and after a nice shampoo and cut, she turned my tween into a young lady.  She loves her hairstyle and cut and it is easy for her to fix.  It was a great experience for her and we both enjoyed looking through all the Japanese memorabilia and the retro feel to the store.  We laughed as we read a 1953 booklet called "How to be an Interesting Woman."  Will is my pillbox hat when I need it?
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,8/27/2010,114,291,,6,4>Jen and I love coming to this eatery in downtown Durham. It's located at the five-points intersection of roads. Upside: My hands down favourite- Portobello Mushroom Panini & Roasted Beet Bruschetta. Small but great place to get lunch.Downside: This place gets packed!! If you see the line of people all the way to the door,... you probably should just walk away. You won't get lunch in the next 30 minutes.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2010,8/26/2010,113,521,1,6,4>Wow.  Now THIS is a used book store!  While you can also buy used music (LPs and CDs), games and audio books here too, WOW on the massive inventory of used books!  I'll definitely be bringing some of my no-longer-wanted/needed books here for sale or credit! If you need a book, I'd say give Ed McKay's a try first.  If you can't find it here (after all, you're limited to what they have on hand...), I'd say try Mr. Mike's Used Books second.  Ed McKay's volume of books makes Mr. Mike's pale in comparison, and therefore more likely to find it -- or something close.  I was looking for the MLA 7th edition -- Ed McKay had the 6th edition.  That'll do for the beginning of grad school until someone brings in the 7th edition (which is practically brand new anyway, and not as likely to be in a used book store yet).  I also found two other books that I wanted...at $3 each, can't beat that! I'm unsure if there's a rhyme or reason to the organization of books at Ed McKay, but there are signs posted at the beginning of each row.  Problem is, the section you're looking for may be farther down the row, past the next cross-aisle. That was a bit confusing. I agree with another reviewer to mind what time of day you visit Ed McKay: if you're traveling south on Capital Bd, you'll have to do a U-turn and come back.  When you leave...well...depending on the time of day, good luck with that!  The money you save here will be worth it, though.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2010,8/24/2010,89,99,2,4,7>The new late nite primal food champion!On Friday and Saturday Nites, this is definitely the most packed place in Carrboro. If you are into that sort of scene - this is definitely the place for you.  Usually there is a DJ, some people like when it's reggae, others like when Craig or Patrick is there spinning.  Either way, you can always hang outside if you aren't into the music. If you want it to be a little quieter, you can head to the beer garden at southern rail (yeah it's like an actual yard). Lately, there is an extra special super awesome unpromoted thing that ensures that if I'm out late in Carrboro and hungry, I will DEFINITELY come here.  ECO Farms, a local farm, has been running a grill from 10pmish until 3am. So now after a nite of pounding Maker's Mark, you can chase it with a delicious locally raised pork sausage or rack of ribs for $5-6 (the cost of one of those drinks you've had all nite long).  One nite they added beans/coleslaw (I wasn't into that). I challenge anyone to find a better local and tasty food alternative at this time of nite.  The Station/Southern Rail - new late nite drunk food champion!  (Sorry taco trucks, the overcooked Perdue chicken tacos aren't cutting it against this).
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2010,8/23/2010,216,95,,5,4>I was about to write a review of Milltown, but then I read Chris K's review and decided "why bother"?? He says EXACTLY what I was going to say. It's ALL about the Mussels. I didn't get mussels before coming to Milltown. And I'd been to Milltown several times before trying the mussels. All the food is very good, no doubt. Great fries. Never been anything but happy, but the mussels. REALLY special. Other perks: amazing beer selection, across from the Cradle, nice outdoor tables inside a courtyard, cozy interior with a unique dark vibe, good music playing but not too loudly, solid bar (I mean the actual wood of the bar - it's a great piece of craftmanship), reasonable service - although the servers clearly don't know as much about the beers/food as those who designed the menu. In general, it's all good, BUT...It's. All. About. The. Mussels.(Oh, and there's poutine, so that's fun, eh? en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Po…)
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2010,8/22/2010,74,201,2,4,5>This place makes me smile on the inside and outside.  When I'm going there, I get as giddy as a 5 year old kid.  Locopops' take on the traditional Mexican paleta gives even the most authentic of Mexican paletas a run for their money - and I use to live in what I called "Little Mexico" with fruit carts, ice cream carts, taco trucks galore.  Their Chocolate Curried Coconut flavor is orgasmic.  I was just sad that it only came in the kid-size and not the big-kid size when I went.  I've also had the Chili Mango, also very good.  Their Mexican Chocolate is a flavor that's pretty much in stock all the time and it's definitely delicious if you're into Mexican chocolate specifically.  Mexican chocolate isn't super sweet like the chocolate most people are use to.  I love paletas because of their consistency.  The consistency of the paleta is what makes it a paleta and not a popsicle, making Locopops absolute perfection.  Love it!
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2010,8/21/2010,15,58,3,6,6>As a graduate of UNC, I can't leave an unbiased review of this place. I don't think anyone who has lived in Chapel Hill or attended school here can. It's cheap, fast, and across the street from campus. If you go to school here, it quite frankly, becomes a staple of your (um, unhealthy) college diet. I have had every kind of meal meeting here - with friends, large groups, meetings for a class, dates, with my parents, people who want to "see authentic Chapel Hill," and even by myself. Even though I still live nearby, this place is nostalgic - and it's a place that whenever a college friend is in town, we have to go hit up for that very reason. Now that being said, is it fantastic? Well, actually -- not really, at least in terms of the food. The pizza is pretty good, NY-style, but not even the best in town (see my review for Alfedro's in University Mall). They have a decent variety of pizzas, including sicilian style, BBQ, a couple different veggie, etc. If you can get a fresh slice, it makes a huge difference in the quality. The warmed up slices are kinda meh. The pasta is better, especially the penne with pink basil sauce -- which you can now purchase by the glass bottle and mail to faraway friends if you're so inclined. I really do love the garlic knots, which are fresh, chewy, and delicious dipped in sauce. Another plus of Pizza & Pasta is that the variety of stuff they offer is pretty wide, so even picky eaters can find something to eat, and everything is pretty good -- salads, sandwiches, appetizers, pizza, pasta, etc. In the last few years, they've switched from Pepsi products to Coke products, which, in my opinion, merits an extra star. Anyway, don't go here expecting to get your socks blown off by the food, but it's definitely a Carolina staple, and will hopefully remain on Franklin Street for many years to come.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2010,8/20/2010,35,89,2,4,5>I have been for trivia night a couple of times, and it's a lot of fun  It's not strict (no limit to team size, for example) but I find its a good time.  I haven't had anything that I didn't like in terms of the menu - it's bar food, so you get pretty much what you expect, although the pierogi are both unexpected and delicious.  Interesting selection of beers which changes seasonally.  It's not a big location so come EARLY for pub quiz, we usually get there around 6:30 and eat dinner to make sure we a table and enough chairs.  Dain himself is often around, good to see an owner who is vested in their business.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2010,8/19/2010,4,99,4,8,6>If you want to rub up against your favorite emo artist after drinking a round of pints while watching the basketball game, this is the place to do it. In the front you can watch basketball and drink to hearts content with members of Spoon or Clem Snide or that local folk singer who's name you cannot remember or whoever the hell may be hitting up the show at Local. And in the back you can sing along with the set and laugh at their stupid jokes. It's a ball.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2010,8/18/2010,59,219,4,9,8>We decided to tackle this area on the lazy day after the 4th of July festivities and weren't disappointed. On a sleepy Monday late morning, hiking the Cox Mountain Trail with our single Chi-wiener dog in tow presented us with some beautiful, quiet and serene sceneries for the three of us - worthy for the Piedmont region of North Carolina. Just a hop, skip and a jump away from Chapel Hill and Durham...makes it a nice 30 minute excursion from our home.The hiking itself is pretty trivial and won't challenge you if you're used to more scenic and or grueling hikes such as those in Yosemite, the Sierra-Nevadas, the Cascades, or the Appalachians. The highest point in this part of the park is Cox "Mountain" - a whopping 250 ft of elevation change from the parking lot to the top near the electric wire towers at ~700 ft above sea-level. The close by Occoneechee Mountain State Natural area has the title for the highest point in Orange County at 867 ft. But rumour has it that the Cox Mountain Trail is slightly more challenging (steeper) than the one to the top of Occoneechee Mountain. This might be splitting hairs. We have yet to verify this - but will update accordingly when we do venture that way.The great thing about this park when we hiked was that it was not crowded on the trails. The watering holes and river seem to draw a majority of the crowds - esp. in the summer. There is camping (group sites available) and some picnic sites near the bottom. It's very dog friendly and we passed by several other dog owners as well that day. Our little pint sized runt had no problem scaling all 250 ft to the top.Everything is very accessible. The trails are wide and well-marked throughout the park. Our venture up/down and around the Cox Mountain trail took a leisurely 1.5 hours for something like 4+ miles with some side excursions. 90% of the trail is shaded except for small patches near the top when you have to traverse near the electric wire towers - maybe 100 ft at most? On a cooler than average July 5th (mid 80'sF), it was muggy, but pleasant with a pair of light synthetic hiking pants and t-shirt. The views aren't that great if you're expecting big open vistas....everything is pretty much hidden between the trees and the river is really the focus of this park. If you want better vistas, I'd opt for the longer drive (1.5 - 2 hours) to the next closest mountain at Hanging Rock State Park. There you can gain some decent elevation and views as well as their own set of swimming holes.Overall, 4 stars for providing a quick (30 minute) get away for all of us Triangle trapped individuals. Moderate/easy hikes....and while we never tried out the river, there seems to be many good ops for swimming here if you so choose. The one star deduction is just b/c it's not that challenging of a hike and the views weren't as amazing as one would hope at the top. Still worthy of a quick jaunt - maybe even as a decent trail running op for those so inclined....pun intended. ;-)
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2011,5/23/2012,9,62,2,6,3>Yes, beer selection is the bomb. So much so that I can't even read through the whole beer menu. Food is great!!!!!!! Seems like there are more vegetarian selection than there used to be, but hey! Better for me! I actually was brave enough to take a couple kids along with me (ages 10 and 15), and the server was super super nice to them and to us in general. Honestly, I don't know how they manage to be nice to people, especially kids, but more power to 'em! Anyway, the man and I had the nice beer AND food buzz when we left.Drawbacks: it's louder than 11, and no kids menu. I know, it's not a place for kids so much, but the amount of leftovers we took out of there was a LOT. Wait, can you get smaller portions from there? Hmmm...guess I'll have to go back and find out.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2011,5/22/2012,110,194,3,9,5>There are a few Baba Ghanouj-es in Durham (maybe one in Raleigh too). Out of all of them the one on Hwy 54 is the best. It's the only one that has the buffet and by buffet I mean lunch options of deliciousness.Vegetarian? Carnivore? Low carb diet? High carb diet? Yes you can eat here! There's your standards - chicken tikka, hummus, baba ghannouj, mediterranean salad, as well as some interesting chickpea, cauliflower, and spinach options. Sometimes I even see red meat on the buffet. They even have a soda machine that has Mr. Pibb! Talk about fantastic suicide options!!The restaurant itself is nice & cozy. The decor isn't very Mediterranean as much as homely. I can see it getting pretty crowded during the week with the business people coming out to eat, but on off-days and weekends, the place is virtually empty. This makes me sad because it's such a "family owned" feel (I'm not actually sure if it is however) and I really want to see the little guy win once in awhile. Oh, and while I can eat pretty healthy here (love that) I lose it on the baklava. It's sooooo damn good. Cue drooling...
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2011,5/21/2012,68,214,2,5,5>Adorable restored home with a warm atmosphere. Perfect for date night or with a few friends. Delicious, fresh food with great flavor. We grabbed a glass of malbec at the bar and were seated promptly with our opentable reservations. The service was a bit slow but we were greeted with a tiny crusty loaf of bread with a pimento cheese-like butter. I ordered an appetizer of plaintains stuffed with ground beef- heavenly. Main course was an awesome salmon dish with sauteed arugula and yucca...very, very tasty. My friend had the roasted half-chicken. All sides were a la carte (but cheap) and the black beans and rice were well-flavored.The owner treated us to some complimentary sangria after dinner and it was rich and full-flavored.Overall, a nice addition to the famous Durham food scene.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,5/20/2012,97,336,3,6,4>This place is deadly.... deadly delicious that is.I couldn't recall when the last time I went by Smithfield's to eat, but since I had a gift certificate and they offered a student discount I decided to stop in.  On the outside it just seems like a normal brick building, but on the inside the staff set this place apart from the rest.All of the staff that I interacted with were extremely friendly from the order taker to the lady that walks around taking everybody's trays and refilling their drinks.  This is how the process works.  First, you have to decide what succulent mouth watering item you want to eat, and what sides to enjoy along with it.  After you finish informing them of your food choices, you are politely asked for your name.  Second, you have a seat and wait for your meal to be delivered.  Mine was ready by the time I finished placing my order.  When they called my name I was going to carry my tray to my seat, but the nice older lady wouldn't let me have my food.  She asked me where I was sitting and carried my food to my table.  At first I thought I was super special, then I noticed they did that for everybody.  Third, you sit down and enjoy.  The food was extremely good.  My main regret was not ordering more.  That is how tasty it was.  It was all juicy, tender and succulent.  I ordered the dark platter, which happened to be on sale for $1 off.  It came with a leg, thigh, 2 side and hush puppies.  You don't get a drink, so you have to order that extra.  My sides were fries and coleslaw, and all were delicious.  As I was eating the food I thought, "Man, something this tasty can't be good for you."The fourth thing that happens is the 'itis' sets in, and you need to find a place to take a nap.  I just have to make sure that when I eat here again, it is on my way home, and not on my way back to class, since I was straight sleeping on the front row in front of the instructor.  So like I said, the food is deadly delicious, so don't eat too much.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2012,5/19/2012,67,240,3,9,6>You really can't beat the location of Benelux Cafe--just across from Moore Square and off the cobblestones from City Market in downtown Raleigh. Ok, so Moore Square could be cleaned up a bit but the cobblestones are pretty damn awesome. The space inside the cafe is open and bright, and gives off quite the inviting vibe. As mentioned by others, there is limited seating as the space itself is quite small. You basically have a handful of tables and chair combinations in the "main" area with a couple of couches to one side up front and a small counter with a couple of chairs to the other front side. The cafe was only able to offer one open chair the afternoon that I visited, and I could see how space would be at a premium on a regular basis. As mentioned by others, the interior is modernly and stylishly furnished and decorated. It seems that the baristas know how to handle their beans and are friendly if not all that engaging. As for munchies, Benelux boasts quite the delectable menu highlighted by Belgian waffles (with an array of toppings), an assortment of quiches, a modest offering of sandwiches, and numerous types of pastries. I imagine Benelux would be a killer spot to enjoy a late morning weekend waffle, and I hope to indulge myself in such gluttony in the future.The reason that Benelux now holds a special place in my heart, however, is that they offer numerous New Belgium drafts by the bottle (and yes, New Belgium is indeed my favorite brewery). Plus they have a light up New Belgium brewery sign on display in the cafe in all its glory. Keeping with the cycling theme, Benelux also hosts a cycling team and offers $2 New Belgium drafts at the completion of each weekly friendly circuit. How amazing is that? If I lived in Raleigh, I know I'd be downing coffee like it was my job at Benelux and riding those cobblestones like a champ! Ok, maybe the last part is not 100% accurate...
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2011,5/18/2012,315,293,8,10,5>I have been to Vivace twice now, once just for drinks enabling me to check the infamous bar scene and recently to sit down and actually have a decent meal.  Vivace ...('I always want to pronounce it Versace after the dead designer guy')...,  is an upscale Itialian resto located in the North Hills area of Raleigh. The décor is exquisite with a large patio area and fountain in the middle. The inside is posh as well with modern lighting and tables, a large bar area, and dining table area separated.  The dining area is actually kind of small and dimly lit, but this can be seen as an asset for a romantic evening I suppose. Now for the aforementioned "infamous scene"; If you think 'Cougar Town' is just a t.v show you need to come here on a Thursday night in the Summer time like I did. The bar area and outside patio are crawling with these feisty creatures waiting to attack. I was also thinking that if there was ever going to be a 'real housewives of Raleigh' reality t.v show this would be the place for the producers to come to look for talent! California may have the Silicon Valley, but Vivace has the 'Silicone Valley'!!  O.K you get the point, I will stop now.A great ambiance, décor and cougars are one thing, but how is the food? I was kind of expecting this place to be all flash and no fire, but I was actually pleasantly surprised with my meal there.  I started with the Caprese salad which consisted of roasted tomatoes, fresh mozzarella and basil with a vinaigrette dressing. This salad was very light and delicious.  I highly recommend it to start a meal. I also shared a margherita  pizza with my friends and again was impressed. Hot and delicious pizza,  with excellent flavor, fresh ingredients and a tasty crust. What more can you ask for in a pizza?I will continue to come to Vivace for the food, ambiance, décor, social aspect and the cougar-ific ladies!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,5/17/2012,136,284,2,6,7>Even though Rockwell's just opened (and I usually wait for places to be open a bit before trying), the quality and service was very impressive! I hope they keep it up in the months and years to come.The new interior is very attractive; light and dark blues and brown and even though the bar was crowded on a Sat. night, it wasn't super loud inside. We only waited for about 20 minutes and were seated in a nice elevated booth by a window. The condiment rack at our table tells you everything you need to know about Rockwell's; the menu is eclectic! You can choose from honey, maple syrup, ketchup, hot sauce and more. Hmmm, what to order?Rockwell's has breakfast ALL DAMN DAY, so I know I'll be back for that. My northern-diner roots are craving late night pancakes. Jay and I both ordered the baked onion soup to start and it was bangin'! Probably one of the most flavorful onion soups I've ever had, and it didn't just taste like eating a whole, raw onion. The broth was salty and had a very deep, savory, smokiness to it. The crunchy piece of bread bobbing in my soup was delightful and we ate every spoonful.Rockwell's offers $6 grilled cheese sandwiches, so my heart skipped a beat and I went with the local Brie with bacon and apple chutney *drool*. Ok, ok...added french fries. Jay got the open-faced beef brisket sandwich with mashed potatoes and we cleaned our plates. Jay's mashed potatoes were so creamy and peppery...oof, they were like crack and I had to remind myself that I had my own meal in front of me. My sandwich was exactly what I hoped it would be; the chutney added the perfect sweet bite and the bread was fresh and crusty. My only gripe? - french fries were a bit cold.Were we full? Yes. Did we order dessert anyway? Shameful yes. Rockwell's offers a vast array of yummy sounding milkshakes, sundaes and pies. We went with the PB S'more Sundae (sans PB cups. Jay's stupid allergies.) but the sundae was still good. The burnt marshmallows on top were really tasty over vanilla ice cream and fudge. Completely unnecessary, yet satisfying dessert.We'll definitely be back to Rockwell's and we'll bring friends! I hope this place does well in the community and keeps the good food coming.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2012,5/16/2012,69,245,6,13,7>Yamazushi, you had me at, "we may not be the proper venue for young children"! ok, i kid. but sometimes it's nice to have dinner without screaming children. nestled in a unsuspecting plaza, Yamazushi, at first, looked a little sad... you can't really see all their patrons from outside, which makes you think.. is no one in there? don't be discouraged, there are booths inside that are actually quite nice and make for an intimate atmosphere during dinner.We made reservations and were seated immediately upon arrival. Service was very friendly, informative, and quick. We ordered teas, my bf got the prix fixe three course menu and I got an order of sea bream sashimi and black cod, my favorite! For an upscale place, my only complaint were the wooden chopsticks. They took such detail in making their own ceramic serve ware, but why couldn't they spring for some nice chopsticks?! that was a bit confusing.It was extra nice of the chef to serve us an amuse bouche before beginning our meal. it consisted of a chopped tuna sashimi with quail egg. - YUM!! i love it when the chef pays extra attention to their patrons. i feel it shows they really have a passion for their food.The food was amazing. the sashimi was VERY fresh and cut so well. Real wasabi, none of that squeeze out a tube stuff. Presentation was lovely. My black cod was cooked PERFECTLY. the skin was crispy but not dry. the small sides were a great compliment to the meal. Yamazushi does a great job at serving great food without being pretentious. This is the best and most authentic 'ethnic' food i've had so far since moving to Durham! It's a must try. If i had planned further in advance I would have liked to try the Kaiseki five course menu. maybe next time.p.s. this is more of a $$$ place rather than $$. for an appetizer, entree, and drink i spent about $50 on myself alone.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,5/15/2012,175,190,2,8,5>A coworker and I came here for lunch the other day. We were greeted as soon as we entered and were seated soon after that.  I couldn't believe that the place use to be a Pizzeria Uno.  Exposed wood melded well with the brick and the form and function built upon one another. As a relatively new addition to the local food scene I expected some missteps, and was glad that they were relatively minor.   Our server was quick to greet, but seemed a bit overwhelmed in getting back to us for drink refills, and to check on us.  I broke the bank in trying to sample an array of their food.  I ordered a house salad and gyoza witha  side of sushi rice to start.  The sushi rice was very slow to show up, and by the time it did, I was nearly finished with my gyoza.  I ordered the tuna sashimi, the fatty salmon and the hamachi.  The tuna was good - it appeared to be Blue fin, so a quality tuna option.  The hamachi was dense with a tad brininess, so a good piece of fish there.  The one issue I had here was the fatty salmon.  In order to properly serve fatty salmon the skin and the under layer of gristly sinew needs to be removed.  Unfortunately the two pieces I had still had this chewey membrane still attached.  Which made what should have been a toro-esque experience with a luscious piece of salmon into a non-scored octopus jaw workout.  The owner came around to check on things, and I did not mention the salmon issue.   They had been open a week, so I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt. Unfortunately, Hayashi-ya is pretty pricey when it comes to their sushi offerings.  However, quality is on par with the rest of the superior sushi restaurants in the area.  Hayashi-ya is a good option for sushi in the Brier Creek area.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2012,5/14/2012,53,110,,9,4>YoPo.. so addictive that you'll see me happily enjoy my yogurt when it's 30 degrees outside.  Pros: *Super affordable - My go-to order of a giant waffle cone filled about 6 inches above the top = $3.15 including tax.  And save your receipts because once you buy 10 items, you get a small cup free.  *Generously filled - If you get a pint or quart, they will constantly pack down your frozen yogurt to fit as much as possible.  Not to mention the aforementioned giganticness of the large waffle cone.*Unique flavors - Sure they'll always have vanilla and chocolate, but how many places are you gonna find thin mint, pumpkin pie, and heath bar?  There's always something interesting and the staff is more than happy to let you sample as much as you want.*Healthy(ish) - Each yogurt will be listed as either low fat, non-fat or 10 calories per ounce.  It's always exciting when they've got a 10 calorie yogurt that tastes like it's 100 calories.Cons:* This isn't the best froyo on the planet.  Probably not even the best on Franklin Street.  But I'd much rather pay half as much for something that's 90% as good.  Some flavors are absolutely delicious, though, and will stand up to the offerings most anywhere.  I check the menu regularly to see if one of my favorites is in rotation.* Cash only - I guess it's the cost of having such great prices.  Still annoying. **EDIT - now accepting credit cards!  Hooray!* No parking lot - There's not even adjacent street parking.  If I'm lucky, I can get a spot about a block away.  Pros definitely outweigh the cons, which is probably why I just racked up my 3rd free small cup in the past year.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,4/22/2011,77,107,6,6,3>"We are the world, we are the children.... I'm not a girl, not yet a woman....." This would be the soundtrack to a really tasty, quick and easy sushi lunch last Saturday at Little Tokyo. The music in the background capped off our delicious sushi meal like only a "mix tape" can! The hubby and I were starving so we ordered a shrimp sumai app and before that could make it to the table we were also brought a baked crab "dip" served in a giant clam shell. Next, we were surprised by some tasty Miso soup prior to our three rolls arriving. The rolls were the Florida, the dirty old man, and the no name. I highly recommend the no name roll if you like shrimp tempura based rolls like I do for the crunchy texture. The shrimp tastes more like it is in hush-puppy batter than tempura, but I am not complaining! Overall Little Tokyo is awesome...... for the price, convenient location, and freebies with your meal it will be hard to beat. The dining area could be a little nicer, unfortunately the shopping center where it is located is not the most modern building in Cary. The service here is also worth mentioning since it was very attentive and I only saw two waitresses the whole time for a busy lunch crowd! I have gotten take out from here once before about 6 months or so ago and it was good with a free extra roll and salad, that I hadn't expected. I just don't think I am into take out sushi as much as dining in, however the complimentary glass of green tea while I waited for my order was nice!
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2010,4/21/2011,262,1054,2,6,4>What a gorgeous place. It's a little confusing that the box office is up stairs if you enter from W Morgan. I went here to check out a free showing of a PBS documentary called No Tomorrow. I was pleasantly surprised that you could find a collection of intellectual people, diverse in backgrounds gather to watch and discuss the details of capital punishment. Durham, you impress me.When I called the box office to get the details the gentleman on the phone was extremely polite and very helpful. It made a great impression of professional service for the theatre. I'll definitely be back here for an indy flick soon.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2010,4/20/2011,89,301,5,7,6>Well, for a place called "buns" I was surprised at how marginal the buns actually were.  Our family tried the buns for both the hamburgers and hotdogs and thought it tasted stale and more suitable for bread crumbs.  Several of us just took the bun off because the fun is really between the buns if you will allow me to be so bold.So even with the lackluster buns I am still a fan of this place because of their veggie burgers.  They are just the right denseness, spiciness, consistency and with veggies and ingredients you can see and identify and homemade.   I love how you can get up to three patties at once and next time I plan just to go bunless and chow down on the patties with various toppings.  I tried one veggie burger topped with lettuce, tomato, ketchup and coleslaw and it was seriously mouthwatering.  The tang and sweetness really added to the whole taste.  In addition I tried a veggie patty with grilled mushrooms and swiss cheese which was good but I didn't enjoy as much as the first. Although it could be that I was filling up because I had already had one burger.  There are so many combinations of toppings you can try and a majority of them are free, making this a really pretty affordable place to have your burger your way.My kids both had the hot dogs and agreed that the ones we make at home taste better.  But they liked the fries and ate the hot dogs so at least I know they can find something they like or least like enough here.  My husband had a double beef hamburger with a fried egg, pesto mayo and cheddar.  I can see him building a Dagwood style burger next time piling on topping after topping.  I get on these kicks I have to admit and I might end up going back tomorrow.  Maybe throw an avocado on top, try some caramelized onions, just please, hold the buns.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2010,4/19/2011,290,175,2,8,5>I wasn't sure what the why the yelpers wanted to meet at a museum for brunch. Growing up with the Smithsonian, I was expecting a cafeteria setting for lunch going into the Iris. I was so wrong.Iris is kind of a really cool experience. Starting with the decor right down to the food and drinks. First off, the giant  "hornets nest" that takes up the length of the restaurant is a great talking piece for the table. You'll enjoy coming up with ideas for this piece of artwork. Our consensus was that it's a giant hornet's nest.If you're around for brunch, you must get an extra spicy Bloody Mary.... delish. Also, the scones are irresistible. I think our table could have eaten 5,000 of them had they kept serving them as we ate them. Now, I have to say I was a neutral on my meal choice, the mushroom flat-bread thingy. I was kind of jealous of every else's meal. I really wanted a cheeseburger, so I kept staring at my neighbors cheeseburger wondering how much better it tasted. That's what I really wanted, but the eggs Benedict with crab looked pretty good too. The dessert was pretty darn good too, if you like cheeries, go with the cherry crumbles dessert, it's awesome.If you're visiting or if you live in the area, this is definitely a cool experience. It's unique in that you get the art and the fine dining in one place, which is unlike a lot of bigger museums. and don't forget, you can write off your meal at Iris! You can't beat that!
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,4/18/2011,236,354,,13,6>Do you want to know a secret?  I'll share with you a magnificent Mosaic that is right here in Raleigh.  A mosaic is a style of (art) work formed by uniting pieces of different colors in many ways.  For my 100th review I felt it was appropriate that I review a place that was near and dear to my heart.  Mosaic Wine Lounge creates an art in this style through bringing all kinds of people together to celebrate good music and DJs from all around the world, wonderful wines, fantastic foods (on Wednesdays), and celebrate all walks of life.  Samad Hachby opened it in 2006 and it has only grown as an Oasis among the breweries, pubs, and standard bars of downtown Raleigh.  For someone who thrives being immersed in other cultures, this Moroccan wine lounge is a treasure and my home away from home.  Since going there for  belly dancing show in August of 2009 I have been in love with it.  It's my escape from the world at times and I almost always feel embraced.  I've made many new friends there and can almost always find someone to talk to if I go there by myself.  Dancing, drinking, or just taking in the scenery is incredibly enjoyable.  There's a front porch and side patio with garden terrace.  Inside there's a dance floor, cafe style sitting area with low couches and stools for socializing, and a long bar to grab drinks at.  The bar tenders are friendly and incredibly approachable.  I would know...I know most of them at this point.  They refer to me as "she's a regular here" when I introduce new people to it.  There's beautiful tapestries and art on the walls and the earth-toned decor brings you to another world unlike most places in the triangle.  You will surrender to all the beauty that is Mosaic.  As someone who loves culture, music, and wines with all of her heart and soul, what better place to lose myself than Mosaic?  This is it.  Be advised that Mosaic does not serve food except for on Wednesdays, but there are some great restaurants nearby along with a delightful Cupcake Shoppe (see my review on them) right around the corner.  ~ Weekly Drink Specials ~Monday: $5 select martinisTuesday: 1/2 price select beersWednesday: 1/2 price wine menu and $7 Gourmet Buffet provided by Urbana CateringThursday: $5 house vodka cocktails and theme parties (next paragraph describes them)The 1st Thursday of every month they host a Russian Party in which Resident DJ Kiz Irlenko serves up Baltic Beats, Soviet Pop, and East European House.  I've never checked it out, but heard that it's pretty neat!  The 2nd Thursday of each month is Mosaic's monthly Bump party which celebrates the world of electronic music.  Keith and Feinberg take over for the 3rd Thursdays with their unique blend of salsa, merengue, samba, and other Latin genres.  Roots, reggae, dancehall, ska, dub, soca, and more are provided by resident DJ's Feinberg and Mooney on the 4th Thursday of each month.  I've been to one of these and it had some good relaxed vibes.  The beautiful people come here to share the good times.  See what others have to say for yourself here in a video from July 2010 about Celebrating 4 Years of Mosaic: www2.nbc17.com/news/2010…  This is a video sharing Mosaic's history and local love.  In terms of special events, they host an 11 day Music Fest in both the Spring and Fall.  It began in the Spring of 2009 and has only grown with each seasonal celebration of art and music with art, bands, djs, belly dancers, and other featured shows.  Here is another video of Mosaic Wine et Lounge in Raleigh, NC on Saturday August 14th, 2010:http://www.facebook.com/video/video.php?v=143­226525708228&ref=mf  My friend Lance and I share our love for the variety that Mosaic hosts for its visitors.  After all we did meet there and felt our love for its flavor come to life even more as we became friends.  If you've never been, you should go see what this allure of Mosaic is all about...you won't regret it, but please appreciate it.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,4/17/2011,70,246,3,7,5>We stopped by Neomonde on Sunday afternoon for lunch and some sweets.  I understood before stopping by that it wasn't going to be a traditional deli, and that it would have more of a middle-eastern/Mediterranean focus.  Indeed, instead of club sandwiches and chips, you'll find kabob and couscous.  The restaurant also has more of a small grocery vibe, with pre-packaged goods from around the world stacked up on shelves.Upon entering for the first time, the newcomer might feel a bit overwhelmed.  There are a few different boards with the menu items and prices, no hand-held menus that I could see, and you really have to get up and look at many of the items to get a description of what's in them.  My husband ordered the Large Kebab Platter with chicken, beef, pasta salad and potato salad.  I wanted go a bit more authentic, so I ordered the Small Kebab Platter with chicken, couscous and tabouli.  The only difference between the Large and Small is that the Large has 2 kebab sticks instead of 1.We also wanted to pick up some desserts while we were there.  While looking at the dessert case, I explained to the cashier that it was our first time there, and I wasn't sure if we were supposed to have a tray or something (there were large metal trays sitting on the counter) and if we were supposed to get our food before paying for it.  He said since it was our first time there, we would get 3 desserts - a walnut baklava, a pistachio baklava, and date mamoul.  We also ordered a lady finger, walnut mamoul and namoura.  All the desserts looked so good, and they were cheap too, only about $1 each.We paid for our food there, and were directed to the soda fountain around the corner where we could get some water.  Within a couple minutes our food was brought out on paper plates, no forks or spoons.  I got frustrated looking for utensils around the soda area and just asked my husband to ask the cashier for some.  I was hungry and in no mood to find a fork.The food was messy and on paper plates, but it was delicious.  I ate my chicken kabob pieces with huge forkfuls of couscous and tabouli.  I even ate the lettuce it was on, and the pickled peppers.  My husband was pretty impressed, I usually don't wolf down my food that fast.  I guess I should have gotten a large platter instead.  He didn't eat his pickled peppers so I ate those too.  My husband liked the meat pretty well, but he didn't like the potato salad and pasta salad as much.  He liked the baklava pretty well too.I was still pretty hungry after my plate, so I ate the date mamoul, the other baklava and the namoura.  I thought the date mamoul was the best something like a shortbread cookie stuffed with dried date, but the namoura was pretty amazing too.  It had a really weird taste and texture, something like a coconut cornmeal, but it was still good.I think Neomonde would be a great lunch restaurant.  Once you know what you're going to order and understand the process, I think it would be a lot easier than the first time there.  The portions are really good for a light lunch too, and at $8-$9 an entree, it's pretty decently priced.I don't think it would be as good for a dinner restaurant.  I prefer table service and real plates and silverware if I'm going to go out for dinner.  Also, if I had to pick between Bosphorus and Neomonde, I would pick Bosphorus every time.  But I know that's a bit out of driving distance for those that work around RTP.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2010,4/16/2011,96,25,8,8,6>My lady and I have been waiting to try this place for a while now and we finally had a reason...BIRTHDAY CELEBRATORIUM!!!!  (I know that's not a word...simmer down)  Per usual, we started at the bar and the bartenders were not only friendly but anytime we mentioned a drink "Where is this Pinot from?" or "Is that a New Belgium beer?" they would immediately swoop in and give us a sample...no questions asked.  I love that!  So we ended up getting the perfect glass of wine (3 glasses for me).Dinner was perfect, we started with a seafood appetizer with shrimp, scallops and other savory goodness that I can't remember, I just know it was good.  We followed that up with Acorn Squash Soup which I swapped up with one of the 4 pieces of bread I had...don't judge.  I had the Grouper, my special lady friend (fiance) had the Venison and both were delicious!  We finished our meal with bread pudding and another dessert I can't remember...did I mention I had 3 glasses of really good wine...maybe 4?  Anyway, Nanas lives up to the hype!   Definitely give this place a try, great food, great service and if your company is as good as mine...you'll be returning often.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,4/15/2011,30,91,3,4,4>I was in the neighborhood with a loud and empty stomach and remembered that Chubby's had come highly recommended by fellow Yelper, Alison S.  A couple of tacos are exactly what would hit the spot, I thought.  I was not disappointed. The menu was extensive and lots of things seemed enticing, but I chose the tofu taco and the rice and beans taco.  They were both equally substantial and delicious.  I didn't even have much room for the small side of chips. The vegetables in the tofu taco were nicely grilled and quite flavorful.  The rice and beans taco was full of tasty beans and covered in lettuce and yummy cheese, which I distributed between the two tacos. I enjoyed the mild Guacatillo salsa as an accompaniment to both chips and tacos. The girl at the counter was smiley and helpful and the atmosphere was clean and simple.  I brought a menu home and told my husband that he must go there, we must go back!  You, also, must go there!
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,4/14/2011,74,201,3,5,5>Just when I thought I was hip, I came in here and saw the sea of eclectic individuals, their macbook pros and was sadly mistaken.   I was introduced to this place by the lovely Ms. Christina G. and boy was she right about their delicious coffee.  Before coming here, I was a total purist and only went to Bean Traders and Starbucks (only if I wasn't able to go to Bean Traders).  If I'm ever in the CH/Carrboro area again, I'm definitely coming back here.  I also bought quite a few desserts while I was there.  Don't worry, they weren't all for me.  I tried their chocolate croissant, giant strawberry/blueberry tart and cheese danish.  ALL mouth wateringly good.  It's a pretty busy place, but they manage to get the drinks out at a decent time, but be prepared to wait in line on weekends.  This place is definitely a prime study spot with many large tables, chairs and couches.  Another great thing to know about this place is that they also serve wine, so there's something for everybody :)
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2010,4/13/2011,19,73,1,4,3>I can't keep up with the great new restaurants opening in Raleigh!  Capital Club 16, though brand new, feels like it has been in Raleigh forever...it's in a renovated space that I guess was once Champa thai.  We went on a First Fridays Friday night and luckily got a table, despite other restaurants downtown being packed (side note...we were in town last 4th of July and everything was dead...go downtown Raleigh!).  The cheese plate was tasty and a good mix of salads and cheese.  The bread with it was pretty good, though I don't actually like rye bread.I also had the vegetable skillet with rice and vegetables and a fried egg.  I am a sucker for a fried egg, but I wish the rice had been a bit less white.  The portions continue a trend that I'm happy with - manageable portions at lower prices.  Also to note are the delicious cocktails.  I had a Moore County Moonshine, which I am glad to report does not actually include moonshine.  Instead, it was a mix of whiskey and mint-peach compote (pureed peaches!).  So yes, go for dinner and go for cocktails. I will go back to try lunch and brunch (yes! another downtown brunch option!)
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2012,10/4/2012,152,347,3,5,2>I like it! I like it a-law. (jim carrey impersonation).If this is your first time at Hayashi-ya. I definitely recommend the bento for 2. It is a bit pricey but well worth it. I also promise that this won't be your last time at hayashi. You get to try all different type of dishes offered at hayashi and some more. The dish that really left a mark in my memory is this fish soup. The broth was light and had a hint of orange in it. It was so good. For your second trip, I recommend either getting the spicy sashmi salad or the hayashi-ya salad. My boyfriend loves calamari salad and seaweed salad, but getting both was always overkill at other restaurants. The hayashi-ya salad has a little bit of both in it and it is definitely a win for us. The salads are also HUGE. If you are a light eater, that alone should be enough. The sushi rolls have always been the less of their menu. A lot of them had tempura in it, and not a lot of fresh fish. It's not bad by all means, but their other entrees/small plates are so much better. The ambiance is also very unique and japanese-y. They also great you in Japanese, which is a nice touch (this restaurant in Korean owned fyi). Overall, I really enjoy the dining experience here.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,10/3/2012,52,117,2,7,1>I went here tonight with my family and had a great experience. All the employees here were exuding that nice homy Southern hospitality which by itself makes you want to come back again. There's definitely something to be said about a friendly staff at a restaurant - it can make or break the business. The ambience was very low key, casual place where you order at the counter and they bring the food out to your tables.I ordered the fish tacos with sides of Spanish rice and hushpuppies. You can get the fish in the tacos grilled or fried and since there are two per order I got one grilled and one fried. My parents got fried fish and fried shrimp platters. We all thoroughly enjoyed our food, so much so that we couldn't stop eating even though we were full :). Even the tartar sauce (which tasted homemade) was finger lickin' good and I even put it in my rice just so I could eat more of it (I know that sounds strange but it was good!). Although we were quite stuffed at the end of our meal, my dad was like "should we try the cobbler?" And try it we did. It was a peach cobbler served a la mode with vanilla ice cream on top. A very tasty cobbler, a bit too sweet for my liking but that might have been because there was ice cream with it. I'll definitely be back for more fish tacos + hushpuppies goodness!
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,10/2/2012,125,100,4,4,4>I'm owning up to it: this is totally an "oh, my goodness! You're two steps away from the Div School and you have BEER ON TAP!" review.  I'm sure that their coffee is fine - folks by the hundreds file through this place to consume the java, eat their food, and sit at their nice assortment of both inside and outside tables.  I've met friends, ecclesial leadership, and professors here, all of whom show a common level of casual comfort with being here that this place exudes.  People like coming to Twinnie's, and it's obvious.  But, really... BEER ON TAP!  SO close to where I'm constantly in class.  I'm pretty sure that lunch time is too early to order a pint, but with Durham summer sun and Twinnie's being so close, it's hard to avoid simply being haunted by three ghostly words:BEER ON TAP!  Yes, Adam - SO close to you.  You could walk over there SO easily and just... get... a little something delicious to sip?  You know?  Breakfast in a cup, you could say?  I mean, we're talking high-quality hops, aromatic grains, premium malt - sounds like a balanced morning meal.  But it's 8:15 AM, Baker Brain - your class starts in 15 minutes, and there's no WAY you're staying awake with a breakfast like that in your belly.  Okay, okay... you're right.  But, second breakfast?  Elevensies?  Lunch? Supper?I don't think he knows about second breakfast, Pip. Located in the CIEMAS Engineering building.  Proclaimed to be an "Irish pub", which in a large university in the south could mean just about anything.  Luke tells me that the wraps are good.  I'll have to try them, Mr. C., along with one of their breakfast pastries, made-to-order sandwiches, or salads.  Lots of bottled & cold drink choices, as well as tea bags.  For serious.  Boxes and boxes of 'em.  Free ice water, for those of you like me who enjoy bumming that stuff for free between classes.And.... BEER ON TAP!
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,10/1/2012,156,68,1,10,11>A major draw for Reader's Corner is apparent before even stepping into the store proper: stacks and stacks of 10 and 25c books on shelves out front. Clancy, King, a copy of Manchild in the Promised Land. Situated just a few blocks from the NC State campus, Reader's Corner knows the financial straits of its adjacent audience. Or maybe it just knows that a good book can still be found cheaply in an age of digitized copy, or likes the idea of giving its constituents thousands of pages of reading material for a mere dollar, so long as the must of mildew isn't a problem. Take it, read it, leave it on a bus or park bench in the vein of literary romantics everywhere.Past the crape myrtle that lines the sidewalks and past these colossi of literary excess is a cozy store made cozier by its fairly cramped interior. Books, CDs, audiobooks and miscellany are stacked high on all walls, and the aisle spacing would be fairly intense for someone claustrophobic. In a normal bookstore, the browsers' shuffle requires customers to time their sideways move past one another through two planes of movement so the passing ships don't knock each other aground. This is impossible at Reader's Corner. Instead, one reader or the other must make a delicate slip past while using the opposite shelf for balance, or, in the case our shier readers, do an about face, find an empty aisle to traverse, and reappear magically on the other side of the other person browsing. It's a little reminiscent of the game Frogger. Of course, when all the other aisles turn out to be crammed, our dear reader is forced to return tail-between-legs to the original aisle and whisper a plaintive "excuse me" to get by.There is nothing wrong with this up-close-and-personal approach. It gives the store a "thou shalt read" air, bombarding the landscape with myriad choices and the promise that the shelves will be lined with a slightly different selection next month. Reader's Corner also doesn't pull any 50%-off-cover shenanigans with newer hardcover used books. I picked up hardcover first editions of The Night Circus and The Tiger's Wife less than a year after they were released for a mere $5 and $6, respectively. That deal is hard to match at any other brick-and-mortars around the triangle.Have a visit; you're sure to find something (and more often, many things) that you'll love. Barring that, you can at least practice pirouetting through the aisles around nearby customers as you head back toward the door.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,9/30/2012,58,186,,6,2>I'm embarrassed that I've looked at 42nd St Oyster Bar from my living room window for 2 years and I just visited this weekend!!  We'd been putting it off for so long as the exterior looks so un-inviting....almost strip club like with the neon pink lighting around the top of the building.  We also try to dine outside if at all possible and that's not an option here....However - after putting it off for so long, we decided to stop in for dinner one Sunday evening and we were very pleasantly surprised.  The inside looks completely different than I had envisioned...I was expecting something much more pub like, but it's quite upscale and large, yet quaint.  It feels almost like you're dining at a fish market.  We sat at the oyster bar and loved watching the shuckers shuck the oysters.  (As an FYI, if you're interested in steamed oysters, you have to sit at the oyster bar to enjoy these.)  We got a couple of different raw oysters and they were very good despite the fact that it's not oyster season.  I can't wait to go back during the fall now!!In addition to the few raw oysters, we got the seared ahi tuna appetizer, blackened tuna bites, and grilled grouper.  Everything was delicious!  The seared ahi tuna was among the best I've ever had.  The tuna bites actually tasted like steak bites with the blackening seasoning which was interesting but a little too greasy for my liking.  The grouper was served simple - nothing fancy, just grilled.  I thought this was perfect!  They really allowed the fish to speak for itself and not cover it up in tons of butter or oil or spices.  As a side we opted for the cheesy baked potato (an original recipe).  It was good - and a small portion thankfully.   I like that the menu changes daily (on the website and the actual paper menu) so they're always offering daily specials.  On the back of the menu is a list of all their wines by the glass and beer options, both of which are terrific and plentiful.  They have won the Wine Spectators Award for several years running now.  If a bottle to share would better suit you, they have quite the extensive bottle menu with many great choices.  We got the muscadet (by the glass).  It was listed as the 'ultimate oyster wine'.  It was terrific - it went with the oysters perfectly as well as my grouper.  Ignore the exterior and give this place a fair shot - it's a gem in the downtown area.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,9/29/2012,23,286,3,7,6>What a blast this was! We weren't even on the Trolley for very long, but it didn't matter. You can choose from either  a Progressive dinner or a Pub crawl tour. We went with the Progressive dinner and they have multiple options for you to choose from there in different areas as well. We did a downtown tour with stops selected at the Big Easy (appetizers), the Oxford (dinner) and the Busy Bee (Dessert/drinks). They have you pre-order your appetizers and entrees in order to fit it all in in the 2 hour time slot.  It was so much fun just pedaling around - it's a lot harder than it seems like it will be, but you don't go very far so it's all good. They also have a motor so they can help you out if needed. Our conductors were amazing and you can bring your own coolers with beer/wine. The whole group had a great time, I think the whole activity just put everyone in such a fun mood.  I would recommend the pub crawl over the dinner tour though. With only 2 hours things are a little rushed. Especially in our case because the Oxford somehow missed the communication on our food order and they weren't ready for us and we didn't make it to the Busy Bee within our 2 hour time slot. I would definitely recommend this as a fun and different get together with friends!
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2012,9/28/2012,70,246,4,10,1>I have no idea how long Maru has been around for, but I must have driven past it so many times and not known it was there. Just a tiny little building behind a big strip mall, hidden by trees and shrubs, it's hard to find unless you're looking for it.Though some may think it's named after a famous YouTube cat, Maru actually means "circle" in Japanese, so the place is adorned with circle decor on the inside. But I think I saw Korean symbols as well, and there's almost more Korean on the menu than Japanese, so I guess it's somewhat of an Asian fusion restaurant. Though I came for sushi, I was a bit turned off by the odd ingredients used in many of their specialty rolls. There were way too many that used cheese, mango and other non-traditional ingredients. My husband was a bit disappointed there was no tonkatsu. Most of the menu was described as "tapas", so I assumed we were supposed to pick out a few different things and share, though the plates were all around $10 so I knew this could get pricy.I ended up ordering the pumpkin soup for $4, the hamachi kama (yellowtail cheek) for $8, the Triangle Cucumber Special for $7, tamago for $4 and cucumber rolls for $4. My husband got the bulgogi for $7, the vegetable tempura for $9, and beef kara-age for $8. Soft drinks were $2 each. They also had various beers, wines and sakes, but I thought I'd just stick with ice water. The drinks are served in very thin glasses that don't hold a lot, but our waitress was pretty attentive about keeping them filled.The dishes came out slowly over the next 30 minutes or so, which was fine, because the table would have been overflowing otherwise. My husband and I shared each dish, though normally I would eat more of the ones I ordered, and he would eat more of the ones he ordered. The pumpkin soup came out first, and it was good, but I think my husband liked it more than I did. The triangle cucumber special was not exactly what I was expecting: just a rolled cucumber instead of sushi rice and nori- but I still liked it well enough. Seemed a very small portion for $7, but it looked very nice. The vegetable tempura was extremely good, but the pepper took us by surprise. I had never gotten a hot pepper in tempura before, and I almost choked after it kicked in. I tried to make it through, but unfortunately I couldn't eat half of it. Just way too spicy for me, and that's saying something. The bulgogi portions were also quite small, just 4 little leaves of lettuce wraps with a tiny salad in the middle with something like horseradish dressing on it. The bulgogi was cooked well but it wasn't terrific. The tamago and cucumber rolls were exactly as expected, and the cucumber helped to sooth the burn from the tempura pepper. The hamachi kama and beef kara-age were the last two dishes to come out, and they were by far the best. I just love yellowtail cheek, and one day I'm going to see if someone will make me sushi from just the cheek. The beef kara-age had a wonderfully spicy, rich sauce on it, and the portion size was actually close to a full entree. My husband said next time he'd just order 3 of the kara-age.For dessert we decided to share a tiramisu. It had a very elegant presentation, with Pocky sticks, whipped cream, crisscrossed sauces and a cherry, but it looked like it hadn't been made on site. We started eating it, and it was still frozen in the middle. You could actually see white frost crystals on the top as well. I mentioned it was still frozen to the waitress, but she just said "sorry" and didn't offer to comp it or bring us a thawed one.The Korean menu seemed the most flavorful here, and I wouldn't mind trying 3 more new tapas next time. I'm sure my husband will get the kara-age a lot in the future. I wouldn't get the tiramisu again though, it really stuck out as awful at a place that seemed to serve very good food otherwise. At $65 the bill was pretty high, but I think it works okay as a special occasion restaurant.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,9/27/2012,62,93,,8,3>I can't profess to be an expert at what is or isn't authentic Korean cuisine, but from other reviews for Seoul Garden, it's clear this place hits pretty close to the mark. What I can say from my experience is that the food is excellent. I highly recommend the BBQ, especially the beef short ribs; the pork is also great. They're served with a platter of lettuce leaves to wrap them in - delicious! The bibimbap is also great: rice served in a hot stone bowl with assorted veggies, egg and choice of meat or tofu. It's a great complement to the BBQ, but substantial enough to be a meal of its own. But my favorite part of dining here is the selection of condiments you're served: pickled ginger, cucumber in chili garlic sauce, daikon, green beans, fish cakes, and of course, amazing kimchi. The one weird one was essentially a potato salad, which was sweet and contained bits of unidentified green and yellow... somethings in it. I was not a fan. I am, however, a fan of Seoul Garden. It's a bit pricey to go for the BBQ with less than 3 or 4 people (they have a 2-order minimum, although just one is enough for 2 people). But you will have a great meal and the risky fun of open flame mere inches from your face - totally worth it for that!
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2012,9/26/2012,223,633,2,9,4>This rainy Saturday morning we were planning on walking to Big Ed's for breakfast with the Parents who live downtown, but the rain led us to just crossing the street to Mecca, where we stepped back in time to the 1930's for a good old-fashioned breakfast.Note, we had no problem finding parking on the street right in front, which is (like the rest of downtown) free on the weekends,(unless there's a major event going on.)    Why is it that we often don't experience history in our own towns?  Hard to believe I had never been to this historical restaurant before, but shamefully I had not.    This is a SMALL diner, with booths that were designed when people were smaller, and before artificial sweeteners.  Just pure sugar on the table if you care to sweeten your tea or coffee.  Hmmmmm, people WERE smaller back before artificial sweeteners, what does that tell us?  (sorry, I digress)   The breakfast menu is simple and inexpensive.  Even as the most expensive item, my Western Omelet was just $6.75.  Plus just .35 to substitute hashbrowns for grits.  It also came with two slices of toast.  Both the omelet and the hashbrowns were perfectly cooked.  Everyone else seemed happy with their choices.  Drinks were kept replenished.   Eating breakfast here felt like sitting at Grandma's kitchen table.  Meals came out one, then two, then one at a time, so it was like having her in the kitchen preparing each one just right.   This place might look worn, but it's very clean (97 rating).   Be sure to check out the pics near the register!
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,9/25/2012,154,244,5,16,13>Dear Buns,Thank you SO MUCH for having:1. A TON of options (including fresh--not jarred--jalapenos upon request) with which to customize my burger to my heart's content2. Really nice employees3. Veggie burgers4. Turkey burgers5. Beer6. Sweet potato and regular fries (and letting me combine them)7. The best dipping sauces ever8. A credit card machine9. Great seating options10. Bottles of Sriracha available11. Hand sanitizer dispensers12. Clean bathroomsLove,Nina B.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2010,11/29/2010,19,95,2,10,5>So the front of this place is nondescript. I can't count the number of times I have driven by and thought to myself, "They really serve seafood there!" In fact, they serve really good seafood and once you are inside, it feels like you are right by the beach.The inside has a beachy vibe with cool blues and white walls and the tunes are definitely island influenced. The place was very open, you can see right into the kitchen, and there is a nice bar, dining room, and enclosed patio.I went during restaurant week and the selection was great. I ordered the PEI Mussels to start. They were tasty and had a spicy kick to them that was unique. I would order them again but would share, the single order is enough for two. My companion ordered the salt and pepper calamari that, too, can serve two and isn't greasy at all.For the main entree, it was shrimp and grits. If it's possible the grits were light. There was just a little hint of cheese, definitely butter, but they were good and gone at the end of the meal. The shrimps were lovely. They had a little bit of char on them and were kinda smokey. When constructing a bite of the shrimp and the grits, the smokey-ness came through and really added something different. There was just enough bacon so that it wasn't overpowering. For dessert, it was probably the second best key lime pie I have ever had and was the best since I moved to North Carolina. I like my key lime pie on the tart side and not too sweet. This piece was a little sweeter than I normally like it but it had a really great balance of tart and sweet. My companion had the steak for his entree and let me tell you, it's a lot of food. The mashed potatoes made me want to do a little happy dance. The staff was very nice, the decor was perfect for the food and the wine list seemed thorough and well-priced. I live around the corner and will be back soon.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2010,11/28/2010,15,313,1,8,4>I don't usually like places that identify themselves as Irish pubs. They tend to not be pubs but fratty shitshows where you can expect a selection of bad beer and large crowds of people in college or acting like they still are. Bull McCabe's is refreshingly different.It's dark, but not too much so, and has a great selection of beers. They were playing great music when we were here--I can't elaborate more than that because I enjoyed their beer selection so, but I do remember thinking that it was a pretty amazing playlist. Even when it got late, the bar wasn't too crowded. I'd come back.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2010,11/27/2010,15,45,,5,4>I went in with low expectations due to the mixed reviews but I had a really good experience. I went in a group of six on a Saturday night and the restaurant wasn't even half full (which is bad, actually. I don't want them to go out of business!) so we didn't have to deal with crowds or carts (which are fun, but ordering off the menu went really smoothly). They were only out of one item we wanted - potstickers. We tried pork buns, shrimp rice rolls, pineapple & red bean buns, beef ribs, stuffed eggplant, stuffed peppers, Singapore noodles, among others. The shrimp rice rolls were just okay, but everything else was excellent.Service was attentive and friendly, we were brought the housemade soy sauce and hot sauce without even asking. We will definitely be back and hope others will come back and give them a chance.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2010,11/26/2010,57,606,2,7,7>Yes, there are real Italian pastries in Raleigh!  I never thought I'd see the day.  Everything is good here.  The cannoli has deliciousy creamy filling.  The sfogliatelle and pasticciotti are excellent.  The cookies are yummy.  The gelato is great!  I even special-ordered a cake and it was delicious.  This is definitely the place to get Italian baked goods.  I haven't eaten sandwiches because I have a sweet tooth and always eat the baked goods!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,11/25/2010,69,172,6,9,6>Foundation? More like FUN-dation. Sorry, that was lame. But seriously, this bar is super-duper uber cool. Don't be creeped out by descending the stairs past the neon sign beckoning you in.  It feels like a cellar and one might think it would be dirty, but it's ultra clean and sleek in there. The modern tables and chairs, the brick, the music, I don't know, I think I'm in love. Even the menu design was awesome.  The drinks are definitely pricey, but worth it; they are handcrafted and they use fresh herbs.  The mojito was out-of-this-world fresh and tasty, but at $12 it's not something I can do all the time. They serve mead, too, and the bartenders were friendly and awesome. This is definitely a place to take out-of-towners to impress them, which we did, and they were. And I was impressed too and can't wait to go back!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2010,11/24/2010,135,254,3,7,5>"Outstanding French food in downtown Durham... for a price"A friend of mine treated me to lunch here today- it was outstanding!  Not cheap, but the food and service were excellent from start to finish, and thus well worth the extra price.  We started with Vichyssoise (a cold potato soup) that was perfectly prepared alongside some excellent bread.  The soup was smooth and flavorful.  Then had the "Poisson du Jour" (whitefish) with spatzle.  Both outstanding- left me uncouthly wiping my plate with bread to get any remainder of the sauce from the spatzle.  Finished off the meal with strawberry-filled crepes.  Obviously, those were excellent, but even better than you might expect with freshly whipped cream, very good crepe, and big, fresh strawberries.  The service was attentive and responsive (the crepes were supposed to be blueberry filled, but they accommodated my allergy to blueberries with a switch to strawberries).  The place was busy- lots of other customers- but not overly so.Only negative is it's not cheap (fish & spatzle was ~$13 by itself), but again, a perfect place for an extraordinarily well-prepared lunch.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2010,11/23/2010,611,755,23,5,8>Ok, I'm not a huge fan of "OMG" but...OMG, OMG, OMG!!!  I just may have had the best popsicle in my life..Popped into Locopops after a nice lunch at David's D&NB looking for a sweet corn pop.  Gal at the counter scrunches her face at my request and says they're all out.  Activate back-up Popsicle Plan #1...  I soon spy a mango-chili flavor on the board and order it up! Sucking on this pop is like a flavorful S&M experience.  Luscious and fruity mango with the painful whip-like snap of jalapeno underneath.  Ohhh, that's so good...  But that hotness hurts a little!  Won't stop me at all because I'm enjoying Ms. Mango Pop too much. Seriously, I was so bummed out when I finished that popsicle, I just crunched on the wooden stick for a while trying to get the last bit of flavor out of it.   So what can I say but Locopops rocked it out for me today, I think I need a cigarette right now...  O-M-G
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2010,11/22/2010,194,183,3,5,6>Came here to shop for an 80's prom event.  Mission was easily accomplished with the help of the attendant (I'm really bad with names..).  She helped me find some reason to the racks full of clothing, and selected items for me to try.  Very much appreciated!Besides the dress, she also helped me pick out accessories to complete the outfit, even encouraging me to go beyond my comfort zone to fully "do the 80s."Great selection across eras, party-themes, costume needs at a very reasonable price!
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2010,11/21/2010,64,264,5,11,8>I guess this review will be letting the proverbial cat out of the bag...oh well! We came here a few weeks ago to browse the selection of gently-used baby toys, clothes, furniture, slings, and strollers. I was pleasantly surprised by the vast selection of  items offered, all in great condition, arranged neatly, and offered at a fraction of the price in retail stores. They had large racks of cute baby outfits offered, sorted by gender, size and even season, including adorable Hallowe'en costumes. In addition, there were carseats and strollers in good condition, organic/cloth diapers, Ergo baby slings both new and used, and loads of toys and books for sale. For moms-to-be, they sell maternity clothing, pregnancy books, natural locally-made soaps and lotions, and other useful items. I bought a brand-name body pillow for $17 that I spotted yesterday selling for $48 in Babies 'R Us...they were the exact same item, model and colour.We will definitely be making regular trips back to check out the merchandise in preparation for baby!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2010,11/20/2010,169,170,4,5,4>We came out to Solas to celebrate and for First Friday. Our reservation was at 8:30pm so that we had time to visit a couple art galleries before dinner. For dinner, we opted for three small plates and one large plate.Here's what we got:1. Hot Stone Rock with steak and shrimp2. Ahi tuna3. Cheese bowl4. Trout with a mango salsaThe small plates came out very quickly which had me question the complexity of the menu. Perhaps the kitchen is very efficient. My favorite was the tuna. It was slightly seared and served with a salad and topped with a refreshing dressing. The trout was bland and needed a little extra something (extra salsa didn't do the trick). The steak and shrimp served on the hot stone rock was good but I can't help but think that a dipping sauce would have been nice. In fact, I use the dipping sauce with the tuna for the steak and shrimp. The cheese bowl was served with bread, sausage, and some other stuff that I forgot. Overall, the food was not that memorable. However, I'm not reviewing just the food. I'm also reviewing the ambiance and the experience which helps me give this restaurant 4 stars instead of 3. We had an excellent wine recommendation and enjoyed the upscale feel of the restaurant.Solas is a 3-story building with incredible lighting and furnishings. After our meal, we headed to the rooftop bar and ordered a second bottle of wine. Because we dined at the restaurant, the $10/person cover charge was waived. If you're going to Solas then it seems like having dinner before heading to the rooftop bar is a no-brainer. We sat in a 2-top table and enjoyed our company and watched the crowd. The server was very sweet and attentive. After enough wine I actually graced the dance floor with my presence. We eventually closed out the bar and had a great night. I hope Solas improves their food but everything else about the experience was great.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,4/23/2012,55,264,5,5,5>I'm officially throwing out my Bad Hair Day Barrette.When I sat down in Jenni's chair I just said "good luck".  And really - my hair was insane.  She's like a magician or something.  Plus, she's gentle, even with MY rat's nest, and she's got this vibe about her that's just relaxing to be around.  No lecturing on all the 'wrong' things you do to your hair, and hooray for not pushing a product purchase.  I'm finally at the point in life where I want a grown up haircut.  I used to think Mitchell's was it (cuz let me be honest, it wasn't too long ago that I used to be a Great Clips kind of gal).  But really, for just about the same price you can get a really awesome, stylish cut here.  I'm no mathematician, but I know a good deal when I see one.  And can I just say .... DANG, I look goooooood!!!
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,4/22/2012,30,91,3,6,2>I just so happened to glance at the little business card for The Pig that we have magnetized to our fridge and I got a complete hankering (I'm going to bring that word back) for the good stuff.  I suggested dinner out at The Pig to my husband and I think he started salivating.  We packed up the kiddo and made for our current bbq mecca.  I got a bbq sandwich--yummy-yum-yummo--and my husband got the bbq plate with two sides.  We always get the mac-n-cheese, because, well, it is so darn good. I was finally introduced to the sprouts-n-shrooms that my husband has spoken so adoringly of.  I get it.  They're amazing!  The fun thing about the pig is that every time we go we try to mix and match a few new and different delicious sides to go with the consistently tasty barbecue.  I do want to try the fried chicken sometime, though, and doggonit, if there is ever enough room for dessert, I'm all over that like a pig in mud.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2012,4/21/2012,223,633,1,13,7>We just spent New Years Eve weekend at the Renaissance, and let me just say, even if you live nearby, this makes a GREAT staycation!  And if you're from out of town, you cannot beat this location!  Nothing is more relaxing to us than parking a car for a weekend, and walking wherever we want to go.  After a busy holiday season, this was just what the doctor ordered!     At this time, the Renaissance is considered the only 4-star in Raleigh and it lives up to its' rating in every way and surpasses it in some as well.  Parking is free in the deck below with an easy elevator ride up.  (valet is extra if you want it, but parking could not be easier).  We were asked whether we preferred a king or double (king please) and given a room on the third floor with a nice view of North Hills' pretty Christmas tree.  The bed was super-comfortable, and we loved the built-in reading lights on it, what a nice touch!   It's not a huge room, but just like the hotel itself, it has a wonderful intimate feel.  Large closet with a decent amount of hangars (rare in hotels), large flat-screen tv, everything very nice!  Oh and FREE internet.  (again very rare in 4-stars).  There's a small refrigerator also.  Do check it if you plan on using it, though, as ours was not plugged in, and did take awhile to get cool after we plugged it in.  Vending is right down the hall for ice, though.    The bathroom was just right, not too big, and unlike other hotels we've stayed in that has the built-in tv in the mirror, this one you can't see at all unless you turn it on.  Very cool!  Shower...Husband especially loved the extra sprays!  Toilet was quiet and worked quickly and efficiently.  (I know it sounds silly to mention it, but nothing is worse than a loud one or one that doesn't have any flushing power...see my review of Trump in Vegas for what I mean).  We both really liked the invigorating Aveda rosemary/mint products including a body wash.  I don't remember Husband ever commenting on the smell of a hotel bath product before, but he complimented these.      I highly highly recommend that you have a meal at Flights if you stay here!  At the very least, enjoy a drink and appetizer in their cozy bar.  There is a new Italian restaurant here as well, so you really don't need to leave the hotel, but should you decide to, you have anything and everything you could want just steps away.  From the movie theater, to shopping and restaurants, even a Starbucks & Super Target.  And there's more across the street to your left (including Total Wine) and across the street straight ahead (including a Harris Teeter, a bowling alley, and a place for beer lovers called World of Beer).  Seek and ye shall find!     I leave you with one last tip:  The Lollipop Shop right near the hotel has cold GLASS bottles of Coke products.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2011,4/20/2012,160,383,8,4,3>I love you Cook Out, will you have my babies?Okay, so maybe that's a little too far but if you are looking for the following things then you have arrived at the right location - VALUEGOOD QUALITY FAST FOODHANGOVER FOODSTILL DRUNK FOODFAST SERVICEFRIENDLY SERVICEBEST MILK SHAKE EVERThese are the key ingredients to every Cook Out location in the Raleigh area I have been too (even the one in the ghetto on New Bern Ave!).Fill your self up with a full meal (burger, fries and nuggets too?! Plus a drink) all for under $5. UNHEARD OF THESE DAYS. I have had great meals here and Cook Out will continue to be my hotspot to clog my coronary artery. Thank you Cook Out!
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2011,4/19/2012,29,71,2,8,2>This place is adorable!  When we walked in, I could not believe that it was not the same disgusting, dirty pit that the old bbq place was.  They have completely redone the place.  The decor is welcoming, pretty, charming, and clean.  We were welcomed by a cutie pie server who immediately greeted and seated us.  We were the only people in there, sadly, at about noon on a Saturday.  Our server, who is also the owner;s daughter, was so sweet.  She genuinely was happt that we were there.  My husband had a bowl of the squash soup topped with a cinnamon sour cream.  It was delicious, almost a bisque, but not as heavy.  For an entree, he had a turkey wrap.  It was delicious.  The wrap was moist and delicious, but without being a soggy mess.  The fruit salad side was colorul, and super fresh looking.  I had the fried green tomato salad, which I added scallops to.  The fried green tomatoes were served on a chpolte aioli whhich was delicious.  I could have used more of it, but didn't ask, so that is my fault.  The greens were mixed with goatcheese and bacon, and served with a side of a raspberry vinagerette.  The dressing was delicious.  The scallops, oh, the scallops!  They were big and beautiful, and seared absolutely perfectly.  Everything was awesome.  The prices were below par.  I can not wait to go back.  I hope they make it in that doomed location tucked back on Guess Road.  Their dinner menu looks way interesting.  No booze yet. but the daughter said they're working on it.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2011,4/18/2012,40,73,,4,2>How do I love thee, let me count the ways:1) Cheap rates - with the Duke Employee discount I only pay $3.40 per day.  Normal rates are only $5 which is still very cheap!  Parking at the airport is $10/day.2) Best customer service ever!  I have been there about 6 times now and every single time I receive the best/friendliest customer service ever! All the way from the gate attendant to the shuttle driver, nothing but smiles and professionalism. In this day and age - that is tough to come by.  3) Free water when you leave!4) Free Car Wash!!  And this is a DELUXE drive through car wash.  It's like the drive through car washes at the gas station but on speed.  And did I mention - FREE!5) Super convenient - They pick you up at your car in the parking lot when you park and you get dropped off right at your car.  They even load your luggage for you.6) Timely - When you arrive at your parking space the shuttle is by your car within a couple of minutes.  We've never waited for more than 5 minutes at the airport to get picked up by the shuttle.  I am really impressed by this place!
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,4/17/2012,199,740,4,6,2>I have been to this Trysports several times. The first time being to get a "real" pair of running shoes when I was training for my first walking half-marathon. This place is SOOO not like Dick's or any of the big box sports stores. This place is, as the little girl says to sexy George Clooney in "Oh Brother, Where Art Thou?"- BONIFIED! The staff does a custom fitting for your inserts and your shoe. They film you walking on a treadmill and study your gait and landing of your feet. Then, you step onto this cushiony mold that helps form the insert. Just like magic, the inserts are fit just right to your feet and go into the shoes that they recommend fit best. I have since returned for new shoes, super "no quitter' socks to run in, and other running gear. The staff knows what's up and is accomodating to walkers, runners, and newbies to the sport so you don't walk in or out feeling like a dummy!
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2011,4/16/2012,89,190,3,6,3>McKay's is the electic used bookstore you used to read about in, well books. Its function here in Raleigh has been as a stalwart against the always encrouching suburbia, and places like Barnes & Noble, Best Buy, etc. It is box crate to box crate of amazing used books, from history, to current events, to mystery. And their selection of used and new DVDs, Blu Rays, video games, and music is nothing to shake a stick at either. They are also very fair in the buy-back program. We got a great price for what we sold to them in both cash and store credit. For what its worth, McKay's cannot be beat, in my opinion. So check them out on your next trip on Capital Blvd. It wil be worth it.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,4/15/2012,294,288,1,10,6>During the recent Super Bowl Sunday, I was over at a friend's house and he suggested we get Papa Murphy's for pizza for the big game. Papa Murphy's? He said it's not that other "Papa-place" for pizza but freshly made to order pizzas you pick up and place in the oven at home. I was intrigued, and voted yes, let's try there.What a great concept! Their website states it is the "Take 'N' Bake Revolution" in getting take out pizza. We walked in and make our order from the menu, which has many appealing combinations in Thin Crust De-LITE,  or Signature Pizza combos with original crust, and even Stuffed Pizzas. We went with the Meat DeLite one even though my friends said they usually get (and enjoy) the Chicken Bacon Artichoke one. We put in our order at the shop, walked next door to do some "Teetering" for the game, and came back to our ready-to-bake pizzas freshly made (they said it would take 5 minutes). It was quick and cheap. On their website they have many coupons with pretty good savings to make it even cheaper. I highly recommend going to their site papamurphys.com before getting your pizza for some savings.We came back and popped them in the oven. It tasted fresh and delicious, better than any take out or delivery pizza I can remember. Fresh makes a difference I guess! The thin crust was very thin and held solid when you picked up a slice (I hate it when you pick up a slice of pizza and it just flops!). The whole formula of fresh ingredients and the thin crust choice gave us a wonderful pizza, I'm sold on this type of pizza if you are not in a hurry for it. I would even think you can add more items at home and truly customize your pizza, nice option if you want to.Like I said, one of the best take out pizza experiences I can remember, and compared to other take out or delivery pizza, I give them my best. That says a lot for a chain, I think they might have something here.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,4/14/2012,169,170,,6,4>Daisy Cakes is a cute name for a cute place (please forgive me for saying that). It's a nice cozy restaurant and the staff was very friendly. My wife had been before and had raved about the vegetarian sandwich that she ordered so I was convinced to try it. The sandwich had fennel, leeks, pepper & pepperjack cheese. There were a lot of flavors and I could hardly tell there was no meat. There was a little side salad that was simple but still good. I also tried the beet open-face sandwich that my wife ordered but I didn't like this as much (my wife says I'm wrong).NOTE: I haven't tried the desserts but the presentation was good.As a techie, this cafe gets extra points for using an iPad as a Point of Sale device. It pivots and lets you sign the screen after using your credit card.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,8/8/2014,236,354,4,11,6>Though the Anderson Point Park was founded in 1988, the Neuse River Corridor Park Plan took a giant step toward completion with the dedication of Anderson Point Park's 98.3 acres adjacent to the Neuse River in 2000.  What I wish the photos would show you is how vast the Neuse River Trails really are and how much the planners really utilized that span of acres.  I wonder if someone could even walk all of them in one day.  I've been out on the trails twice now and have yet to see an end in sight.  The park seems to center around three main attractions: a large meadow and a few surrounding fields which house a variety of local wildlife and protect their natural habitats, the Anderson Family Homestead from the early 1900's and the scenic overlook of and surrounding trails of the Neuse River Trails.  The park's shortcoming is really the lack of parking.  There is only one small lot which was full on the first occasion I wandered out here to the point that I couldn't even park and had to leave.  The trails could also use some better markings.  I realize it's not in an area that gets a lot of traffic in terms of park visitors outside of those who live in the neighboring communities, but I really adore the landscape.  I have walked around just taking in the scenery.  I saw a pickup soccer game near the playground.  I imagine the old Anderson Homestead is used for many special events.  If you look in the window you'll see hardwood floors, bookshelves with old books, and open airy rooms.  Go down the Neuse River Trail in any which way and it seems to go on forever.  However, if you continue to follow the loop around, you'll see a nice birdhouse, a grove of trees carefully manicured with some benches, a straggly overgrown area with a path winding up to more overgrowth with benches, and other large open fields beckoning back to other sunny views.  A couple was out walking their Pomeranian, mothers walking with their small children, and men cycling in and out of the park.  There are natural amphitheater setups if you want to get some people together and then there are a couple of official shelters.  It's not huge, but it's vast at the same time...Beautiful sunshine and plenty of places to plop down and relax.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,8/7/2014,346,337,5,8,8>FREE Bus Service to Canes Hockey & NCSU Men's B'ball Games and Some Concerts from Downtown and other areas ITBThe Pepsi Caniac Coach is a Win, Win, Win, Win, Win!Win #1:  This is a FREE bus service that transports you to and from the Carolina Hurricane Hockey Games along with the NCSU Men's basketball home games and most concerts and events held at the PNC Arena. Win #2: The luxury bus has 17 stops in downtown Raleigh and 9 stops in the Glenwood South district including North Hills, Seaboard Station, and 5 Points (Whitaker Mill Rd). Win#3: The bus is fast. When we approached the arena on Wade Ave, there was a very, very long line waiting to pull into the parking lot. I panicked and thought "oh, no, we are going to be late for the concert (Billy Joel)." But...ah ha...the Caniac Coach pulled into a special lane just for the bus and zoomed past all those suckers waiting in the terminally long line.  The Coach dropped us off at the front door (South Entrance). What service!Win#4: Not only is the bus ride free, you don't have to pay for parking.Win #5: Want a place to party or eat before or after the event, well now you have a couple of dozen restaurants and bars to pick from that offer door-to-door bus service. Oh, and these places serve Pepsi.We went to our designated bus stop about 15 minutes early. The bus arrived about 5 minutes before the scheduled time. I asked a friend who has used the bus many times for Canes games about the promptness and he said the Coach arrives anywhere between 5 minutes early to 5 minutes late. The bus was very clean and our driver was a funny guy. Before we unloaded, he told us the bus would leave at exactly 20 minutes after the concert ended promising he would leave stragglers behind. He made us repeat it to him. So don't dilly dally after the event and return to the bus.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,8/6/2014,184,182,2,5,4>Lunch on a Friday. Friendly greeting and recommendations from the staff. Ordered burger with pimento cheese, lettuce/tomato/pickle/onion and a side of broccoli salad. I was surprised by the extensive menu and selection of side items. There is something on the menu for everyone. Including a black bean patty for the burgers. The broccoli salad was very good. A little tart and not as sweet as usually found elsewhere, so a good accompaniment to the burger. The burger itself was very good. The bread was soft and the chargrilled flavour of the patty was delicious. The patty itself was thin which made the burger manageable, which I prefer. The portion size was perfect for lunch. The price was reasonable for the portion. Overall a good experience. I'm disappointed to read some of the negative reviews. Having now eaten here I  feel it may be that parents need to work with their children on being more adventurous eaters rather than posting the negative reviews. This would be more in line with the marbles concept of learning than expecting the same old thing for kids. To anyone considering trying PoGo, please do. Be adventurous.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2013,8/5/2014,32,177,3,3,3>I have to say, I was immensely impressed by the staff here, handling a sudden huge crowd prior to the Michael Buble concert across the street at PNC arena. This is the closest restaurant (and maybe only within walking distance) to the arena, so of course it gets slammed before every event. But the staff handled a crush of people (the large bar was completely full--standing room only--and the restaurant was nearly so) all wanting to be beered and fed at the same time exceptionally well. I waited only ten seconds for a bartender to acknowledge me and maybe one minute more to order and get a beer. They were right there with menus, and the food came out within ten minutes. They were also right on top of refills. I had the bison burger, and it came exactly as ordered (with bleu cheese, the only way to go) and nicely seared and with good flavor. These folks have got the event crowd thing down. And the prices are good too--in this location, you could get away with gouging people, but they aren't.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,8/4/2014,567,250,3,7,7>The food was delicious and I absolutely loved the ambiance. The environment was nice and relaxing and tables far enough from each other to have great conversations with a big group of friends. Our table was neat because it mimicked Japanese-style seating without actually having to kneel or sit cross-legged on the floor. I highly recommend the experience, but they also have regular tables if that is not your thing.I was here with a group of girls to celebrate my sister's birthday. Everyone's food looked delicious and no one was disappointed. I really enjoyed our waiter; he had a funny sense of humor without distracting from his great customer service.OVERALL: Great ambiance, fresh sushi, yummy food, and friendly staff.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,8/3/2014,72,124,1,6,2>I was so excited to try The Little Dipper during Triangle Restaurant Week this year that, day-of, I became scared it wouldn't live up to the hype. We made a reservation and went for dinner on Saturday night. The four course option was expansive and very reasonably priced.For the cheese course we chose Switzerland's original. One of the most common/basic cheese fondues, we enjoyed it very much. The waitress provided an array of dippers, including local bread (YUM), apples, carrots, tomatoes, grapes, etc. I had the house salad with the honey mustard (which is actually a light dijon) and enjoyed it very much.We went with the chicken broth for our entree, and were surprised to learn we could EACH CHOOSE our 3 meats, 1 side and 2 dipping sauces. Oh the flexibility! Between the two of us, we had duck, filet, chicken, tuna, meatballs and bratwurst. Can I just say everything was delicious? We chose veggies and gnocchi for the sides; squash was most delicious but gnocchi tasted great with the dipping sauces. I can't remember all the sauces we chose, but I know the cucumber dill and Hibachi yum yum were my favorites!Then came my favorite...DESSERT. We went with the triple play (dark chocolate, peanut butter and caramel). We told the waitress we weren't big banana fans and she quickly said, "No problem we'll fill up your plate with more of the rest!" Again, I can't get over the flexibility! We had cream puffs (YUM), pretzels, strawberries, pineapple and marshmallows to dip. The added bonus was a bowl of graham cracker crumbs to coat the fondue. Everything was so delicious!!The decor was cozy and perfect for date night. From the service to yummy fondue, I can't say enough good things about The Little Dipper. I am positive it won't be long before I'm back for more.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,8/2/2014,442,76,6,8,7>My fav place for breakfast and brunch.  They changed the brunch menu almost every weekend.  The prices is very reasonable.  I ordered chocolate chip pancake and sante fe combo.  There were all yummy. Their home made biscuits was really good.  The services is a little slow bc it always packed here but it's worth for the wait.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,8/1/2014,100,119,2,5,3>My review might vary drastically from some others here because I was only at Noir for a couple hours, early in the night, but I thought I'd still write one down. My husband and I were visiting Raleigh for the time prior to moving and we were in the mood for fancy, dressy night out on our last night in town. We decided to go to Noir. Luckily we like mellow laid-back bars and lounges and the night we were there, it was perfect for that occasion. We were there a bit early in the night (9:30pm), so the place was still pretty empty, but I was fine that. The place is beautifully decorated for its size - modern plush chairs, dim lighting with a chic boudoir atmosphere. We enjoyed a couple drinks before continuing on with our evening, and it was exactly what we were looking for. No hassle, friendly and fast service, decent priced drinks and no late night crazy drama. I would go again on a Friday or Saturday night - again on the earlier side of the evening to just chill in a cute outfit and enjoy a drink.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,7/31/2014,110,135,4,5,5>You can be fairly confident that you've just enjoyed a good meal when you're sitting at the table with a full-blooded Italian and a Southern Baptist and it's completely silent from the moment the food hits the table. This was my experience at 411 west. I read some of the previous reviews and I'll have to revisit to comment on the dinner/lunch portions of the menu, but my area of expertise is generally breakfast/brunch anyway. I'll say this one ranked up there in my favorites so far in Raleigh. First of all, holy polenta, Batman!! I'm pretty confident the polenta is just their cheese grits baked and/or grilled, but considering that was going to be the side I chose anyway with my meal, I was perfectly pleased with these cheesy-garlicky little triangles of goodness. They're served with pancetta-wrapped asparagus and a poached egg with hollandaise. Yessir. Delicious. My fellow diners got the salmon omelet and the French toast, respectively. We started off with the beignets and were all pleased beyond belief. The dipping sauce for the beignets is some kind of coffee cream sauce. Normally I'm not a fan of coffee-based foods and sides (though I am an adoring fan of coffee itself), but this sauce was just the right amount of a hint of coffee, and fairly light for a cream sauce coupled with a deep-fried powdered-sugar nibble, if that's possible. While I can't necessarily speak to the other two entrees at the table, the aforementioned silence at the table was deafening. We were all thrilled with our choices.The server was less than knowledgeable about the menu options, which was a little surprising (I asked about the Pimm's cup...which I now highly recommend to complement brunch, or just by itself). I think we asked about capers on the salmon omelet also and she didn't seem to even know what a caper was, but assured us it "probably doesn't come with them". Not a huge deal, I just wasn't terribly impressed. Aside from the food, we got a seat in the Atrium area of the restaurant with a beautiful view of the sky and no obligation to experience the frigid February temperature (a Floridian's dream). All in all, a great experience.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,7/30/2014,58,77,1,6,4>I had been to Enrigo once before but it was probably at least over a year ago. I have to say I was so impressed by my visit tonight! I was greeted warmly when I walked in and immediately led to a table for two to wait for my friend to arrive. I had water, wine and delicious bread with sauce in front of me within 5 minutes of sitting down. I love that they offer homemade pasta. I had a lot of trouble deciding what to order, as everything looked delicious! I ended up starting with a small Caesar salad, which was actually quite a generous portion for a side salad. Since I was torn on what to order, I asked our server for options and he pointed me in the right direction. I went with his suggestion of the homemade gnocchi with pesto and clams. It was fantastic! And I am pretty picky about my Italian food. My friend and I ordered the Chocolate Tortino; vanilla gelato and chocolate cake dusted in cocoa powder, for dessert. Very good.  I really loved the whole experience here. The staff was very friendly and whole place had a very warm, homey feel. I am so glad we decides to try Enrigo out again. I can't wait to go back and try some other things on the menu!
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2010,3/1/2011,50,82,,8,3>Shame on me for not reviewing this restaurant already - clearly I'm slacking.Bu-ku is a great addition to the revolving door that is the downtown Raleigh restaurant scene.  Bu-ku calls themselves a "Global Street Food" establishment, but don't expect to walk in and see a room full of push carts and leaking coolers.  It's more like the #4 from your favorite cart guy meeting up with Gordon Ramsey.  The menu can be a bit challenging at first, but they have done a great job staffing the restaurant with a staff that not only knows the flavors and styles of the many dishes, but can offer great suggestions on pairings as well as time out the delivery to your table.The menu offers a creative and refreshing mix of international flavors.  Most come tapas style, but for those who just want a main dish, there are a fair number of full sized entrees as well.  All of my visits have been in groups of four or more, and typically we will order around 4 items per couple, and share a bread plate or two as well.  There are number of chutneys to choose from to accompany the bread, or perhaps one of other items if you want.  You can jump from vietnamese, to korean, to a flavorful curry dish in a matter of minutes, without feeling you've mixed too many dishes and missed a component along the way.Drinks are fairly priced, with some fairly creative cocktails emerging now and then.Price wise, with a drink each, and sharing four plates, you're looking at around $60 per couple, give or take.  I'm not saying it has to be a "couple" setting, but usually helps if two are selecting a few dishes they'd both like to try.Avoid sitting outside, little airflow, and well, just not that scenic.  The atmosphere inside is way more appealing, and as the night goes on, it changes from an interesting mix of background music to a live musician on certain evenings.You'll never look at a sytrofoam container from your pushcart guy the same way again...
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,2/28/2011,48,186,,9,5>If I was forced to move anywhere else in this country, and quite possibly in the world, I would purchase a plane ticket to keep my yearly visits with Dr. Welch.Not only does he have a great sense of humor, he truly cares for the problems experienced by a pregnant (as well as a non-pregnant) female.  I had a high risk pregnancy and if not for Dr. Welch, I'm afraid my baby and I would have been worse off, or possibly not made it at all.  He practically held my hand the last 2 months of my pregnancy and was honest with me the entire time.  He has no idea how much he means to me. Top notch physician here ladies!Compared to other GYNs in the area---Dr. Welch is king.  He has a great attitiude, bedside manner, easy to talk to...the list goes on and on.  I almost hesitate to write this review, as it is so easy to make appointments right now I don't want to screw it up for myself, but at the same time all women deserve a caring OB/GYN like Dr. Welch so I can't keep him for myself.  :-)
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,2/27/2011,44,284,4,10,4>Having heard that they completed an extensive renovation and hired a new chef this year, I've been trying to find an excuse to dine here.  My fiancee's new job provided just the occasion to celebrate.  Tucked in the super-swanky Umstead Hotel, don't get caught under-dressed.  Herons prefers jackets, but business casual is appropriate enough.We were greeted promptly, but the host began writing down something on a ticket (seems the waiters use the ticket to remember patron info).  Before going in I knew they had a chef's tasting menu, but I really didn't expect it to be so reasonable ($70/pp).  The menu consisted of 5 really excellent courses and a few extras.- Raspberry gelee amuse-bouche.  Perfectly defined and a nice simple way to start a meal.- Salmon tartare - Some of the cuts were a little less uniform, but that's being really picky.  I loved the crispy tapioca.- Butter-poached lobster - After already having the ultimate version of this at the French Laundry, nothing can really compare, but this was by no means a failure.  In fact, it was 2nd best.- Bacon-wrapped quail - This could've been a complete flop, with the bacon overwhelming the quail, but instead ended up being our favorite dish of the meal.  Parsnip puree and huckleberry sauce added that wild combination of savory and sweet.- Short-rib - The last savory course was a duo of short-rib, which seemed a little unfocused, but you couldn't dismiss the fact that both were too tasty to care.  A panko breaded, fried egg yolk sat atop a short-rib hash, which was a take on breakfast.  The other half of the duo was a simple presentation of well-cooked serving of short-rib served with a liquid polenta and red wine sauce.  Unfortunately the flavor of the wine sauce was a little MIA.- Guiness ice cream - The final course was a great ending.  After the savory courses most would expect some overly rich conclusion, but the understated flavor of the beer and chocolate accent was pleasantly unexpected.- Mignardises - Accompanying the check was a rum cake, mango gelee, nutella-mint macaroon, and dark chocolate truffle.  Sound good? Yes, yes they were.Our primary waitress was fantastic.  She was engaging without being intrusive and even got my last name right (she even questioned my pronunciation since I often enunciate the spelling).  I did notice however that there were often exchanges between servers on the floor, which gives the impression that there needs to be a little refinement.  5 stars for the best food I've had in the Triangle thus far.  The food was imaginative and beautifully presented without being showy.  At these prices I am tempted to come here more often.  I might just start making up occasions to celebrate.Note: It's real quiet in the early dining hours, but gets lively about halfway through the night.  Also, the kitchen is visible in the back of the dining room.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,2/26/2011,294,288,2,9,10>I know...there are more reviews here for La Farm Bakery than you can shake a stick at.  But I had a good customer service experience here and I wanted to share.I went by the weekend before Christmas, and man, what an array of goodies.  I saw various types of specialty and sweet breads I thought would make great small gifts with coffee for some friends back home.  I made a mental note of it and came back later in the week...and found that everyone must of had the same idea.  The loaves were all but wiped out!  The staff saw my disappointment and said "let me check in the back, you might be in luck."  Sure enough, new specialty loaves were just coming out of the oven.  They said they would need a couple hours to cool though.  Perfect I said, I will go workout and come back.  When I returned, not only did they remember me and get my order out, but all were wrapped and bowed, ready for giving (remembering me was no small task I would say, the line was all through the bakery to the door to get their goodies, busy busy place!).  What customer service!As for the breads themselves, the white chocolate raspberry bread, the sour cream coffee cake, the egg nog bread...they were awesome!  Everyone that received them agreed, and they said they didn't last long once opened!  Very tasty, just sweet enough without being a dessert type of item.  If the rest of their fare is as good, this place is a winner.After this experience, I plan to go back and try out the cafe, yum!
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,2/25/2011,15,207,2,7,5>Kitchen is my new fave restaurant, so allow me to gush.We came on a Friday night-- right at 7, and had to wait about 30 short minutes for a table for three.  No problem, we sat down at the bar and ordered wine.  The bartender passed us some duck liver pate toasts courtesy of the restaurant.  So like I said, with wine and pate 30 minutes pass pretty fast.After being seated at our table our server promptly came to take our orders.  We'd been looking at the menu during our wait, and had some questions, which she answered.  She also pointed out the specials to us, which are announced on a large chalkboard on the south wall of the dining room.The menu consists of cold and hot small plates, side items, mains, and mussels.  French bistro inspired, varied selection, featuring some locally sourced produce and meats.  Everything on the menu was under $20!  We ordered 2 cold small plates as appetizers, a chopped salad and duck terrine.  The terrine was DELICIOUS, and the salad was good too.  I only wish the salad wasn't chopped so finely (some of the veggies were almost mince size). For dinner we got mussels (Provencal style), the braised lamb shank, and the sauteed calamari (a small plate) with a side of greens.  Everything was delicious.  The portion of mussels was HUGE and served with fries.  The lamb shank was fall of the bone tender, super flavorful, served with pearl onions, greens, and creamy mashed potatoes, and again HUGE.  The calamari was tasty too, and the greens were great.No dessert for us but they looked good.  Small but well chosen wine list.  I can't eat bread but it looked homemade and was reportedly yummy.  One of the owners came over to ask how our meal was.  She was so friendly and was genuinely looking for feedback.  We didn't have any complaints!To me Kitchen really feels like a French bistro with a NC heart.  Boisterous, crowded atmosphere, local clientele of all ages, small-ish seasonal menu offering well made, hearty food, and reasonable prices.  I guess the one thing that's un-French about it is the super friendly service!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2011,2/24/2011,109,358,2,4,3>I went here on a double date and had a very enjoyable evening. We started with the Chesapeake Bay oysters. Let me stop there and say if you have not read already, Tuesday is half price oysters. Okay, so I was saying the oysters were wonderful. Fresh and tasty. We did have to ask a couple times to get crackers/toast points and horseradish on the table which was a bit of a bummer seeming it was oyster Tuesday. But never the less, they were good. I then shared the warm spinach salad which was AWESOME! I am literally still dreaming of that salad and will be back. For the main course I had the diver sea scallops and shrimp which was good but not awesome. The shrimp and scallops were overcooked but the risotto was great. My partner had the shrimp and grits which he swore were better than Tupelo Honey's in Asheville. I disagree but he threatened to join yelp just to write about his shrimp and grits if I didn't mention it :) I would highly recommend it if you are a bacon fan that is for sure! The service was attentive and the atmosphere very laid back and relaxing not too uptight which I enjoy. Lastly, I am sorry to say that we did not try the mac and cheese so will therefore have to return!
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,2/23/2011,19,95,,9,5>I stopped in to try some of the Cuban-style coffee/espresso. My order: cafe con leche cubano and a pastry. Yum and yum! The espresso is sweetened and made with steamed milk. It is just sweet enough. The pastry was a wonderful flaky treat, but, forgive me, I cannot remember the name. They also had some samples of toast with guava paste smooched between, that too was scrumptious. Oh, and did I mention how inexpensive it was...$5.28 for a pastry and two cafe con leche cubano.The staff were friendly and more than willing to discuss their menu. Their philosophy was great ingredients do not need anything fancy to make them taste good. The rolls come from Gughlhuf and the pork is local.I cannot wait to go back for a sandwich. This place will undoubtedly become my stop for coffee and pastry in downtown Durham and hopefully, my next favorite sandwich joint.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2011,2/22/2011,35,89,2,5,4>My husband really likes the barbecued chicken and fries.  I liked the Carolina burger and the garlic mashed potatoes, as well as the fried onions.  The sweet potato fries are good but not great.  Service is very quick on weeknights, and on Tuesdays they have pints for $2.50.  There are also happy hour specials M-F including some of the appetizers.  The wall of TVs is fun; I especially like the booths facing the TV - nice when you're out for a date and you can sit next to each other, but also convenient so that neither of you are avoiding eye contact to watch the game over the other one's shoulder.  We've been here twice and the food quality as well as the service have been excellent. Prices are completely reasonable and the helpings are generous.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,2/21/2011,67,201,4,7,4>My 2nd favorite place in Raleigh to meet the wife for lunch.  It's always great, never a bad decision.They don't have a large dining area, so we try to get there around a quarter of noon to beat the rush.  We love to site outside when the weather permits.  That's almost year round as they have heaters.Onto the food!My go to meal is the Garlic soup.  It's just amazing.  It's extremely garlicky, so if you're on a date-date, you may want to bring lots of gum!  Hearing the waiter describe the process in which it's made is intoxicating.Why just the soup?  Well, the bread - or as I like to call it, 'the cake', is amazing.  Served with oil and vinegar, this is almost it's own meal.The one time I had a problem with an order, it was immediately rectified and we were given a free order of canoli.  The folks that run the place are always there, and they care.  I love to give my $ and business to local establishments, and this is one of the best.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2010,2/20/2011,80,93,3,5,3>I've been wanting to try this place for awhile and after reading Ellen C.'s review for the banh mi sandwich I had to go.  It did not disappoint, thanks Ellen!  I think this was the first tofu banh mi sandwich I've ever had, I usually get chicken, but surprisingly I didn't miss the meat.  It's a little different than your traditional banh mi with avocado in it, too.  However, they do the pickled carrots and daikon right and of course had the required cilantro.  As a side the sandwich comes with garlic fries, which were pretty bomb, you can smell them coming from a hundred feet away :).  Garlic fries are usually a baseball game only treat for me, but these fries were yum, just don't get them on a date haha.  I tried a bit of my friend's creamy tomato basil soup, too, which was also good too.  We had really good service while we were there, I know after reading other reviews that was an issue.  Our server was super nice and attentive.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,10/30/2013,56,90,3,3,3>What a beautiful setting for a coffee spot! I had no idea this place was tucked away in such a prime location, right off E. Franklin Street. While the place itself is quite small, there's ample outdoor seating and you feel like you're in the middle of the great outdoors. I've only been once, but the service was warm and personable. The coffee itself was delightful and well made. I'm so happy to have found this quaint little spot, which I see myself frequenting from now on!
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,10/29/2013,156,68,6,7,6>Take a left off 15/501 onto Moriah, another onto New Hope Commons, and a last one onto a poorly paved driveway that leads into another world. Straw Valley is a modernist paradise set against a major road but only accessible from this nearly hidden entrance, its existence more often known by word of mouth than by passing glances off the main drag. One thing is certain: there is nothing like it for miles around.Straw Valley has the unfortunate distinction of being the site of some of my most recent romantic misadventures. It was first suggested to me as a point of neutral ground for a blind date, a favorite spot of the girl in question. After getting a bit lost, as everyone must, I admit that I fell pretty hard. But alas, not for the girl. The space borders on being too intimate for a first date, more conducive to quiet chats and whispered nothings than exploratory conversations about pastimes and general compatibility. Spring and summer offer the most options for seating given the large amount of outside space that's rendered mostly unusable in the winter. Then again, a heavy blanket and a cuddle partner at one of the reserved outside couches would make for a unique experience.The fairly open plan makes Straw Valley feel less like a coffee shop with a beer/wine section and more like a public space that features the aforementioned amenities. Or a set of communal modernist houses where the owners allow visitors free rein, at most standing back and observing like Gatsby himself. This extends to the service at the coffee shop and wine bar, vacillating between friendliness and indifference (if someone's actually manning the counter, which nobody was one Sunday) without the depth and quality of options found at some other establishments. The beer and wine selection ranks a bit better than the coffee shop options if that is more to your preference. An upgrade to this aspect of the place would make me unlikely to visit anyplace else when looking to unwind near Chapel Hill.Straw Valley Cafe is your Moment of Zen. All you have to do is find it.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,10/28/2013,69,194,4,12,8>Eager to consume dinner-like quantities of food after a Yelp event, a few of us Elites serendipitously ended up at C&T Wok. You wouldn't think that a gem like this would be located subtly in a Morrisville strip mall!After studying the menu, a fried shrimp dish that featured coffee as an ingredient caught my eye, and as a daily coffee drinker, I couldn't resist. My receipt says "Coffee Shrimp", but I can't pinpoint the *actual* name since some of the menu items aren't on their site. Our food took around 20 minutes, and returned intermittently to us, which we didn't mind too much after previously snacking. The moment that tickled me the most was when we politely asked for chopsticks (instead of the forks/knives she originally brought), which caused a smile to creep across our waitress' face. White people eat with chopsticks, too! ;)My dish had a generous amount of large, fresh shrimp that were fried in a peppery, crunchy batter, with a light hint (and aroma) of ground coffee. The rest of the ensemble consisted of diced green and red peppers, cilantro sprigs, sliced shallots, and fried onion slices that put canned French's to shame! The marriage of bitter and spicy flavors (the chili pepper oil and cilantro) absolutely befuddled my taste-buds. I've never had cilantro in an Asian dish! It was hard to rid my mouth of the bitter/spicy aftertaste, and the only solution was popping a bar of chocolate to cancel it out. What I found so unique about the dishes is the reliance on spices and herbs to create flavor, rather than sauce. After a brief history lesson from Ken, I learned that the Szechuan region cooks like this because their area is landlocked and they have limited access to water.While we partook in the consumption of authentic Szechuan cuisine, I found myself dreamily gazing out the windows at the steady stream of soft rain in the parking lot. Under the overhead lights, I noted that the small paper lanterns appeared to faintly illuminate, giving the restaurant a rosy, warm glow. The front walls of the restaurant resembled wooden, sliding doors, which complimented my dream-like trance -- I almost swore I was dining in China...After eating as much as I could stomach, I scraped every last bit into a medium take-out box (along with my boyfriend's leftover scallions), with enough for a full meal the next day! The service here was lovely, with friendly and attentive people who work hard to perfect their dishes. All and all, this is the most authentic Asian restaurant I've ever eaten at in my life! If you have any doubt, glance around at the locals consuming food and exchanging conversation in their native dialect!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,10/27/2013,12,80,3,8,4>Kabobs, Kabobs and more Kabobs. This is a great little hidden gem. Everything I had was fresh and well prepared. For apps, we had hummus and spinach and tarragon pie. Both were superb. The hummus is very different as it is chocked full of garlic. If you are a garlic fan then this will be heaven for you. Lucky for me I love garlic so I loved the hummus. I was really glad that there was not a heavy tahnini flavor to it. The spinach and tarragon pie was also really good. It has chopped cherries in it which gave it just the right amount of sweetness. For my entree, I had the lamb kabob with salad and bread. It was amazing. It was grilled to perfection (medium rare) and was perfectly seasoned. My husband had the ground chuck and filet kabob. Both were really good also but the lamb was the standout. Our dinner companions had the chicken kabob. I tasted it and thought it was very moist and flavorful. If I had to rate the kabobs in order that I liked I would say Lamb, Chicken, Filet and Ground Chuck. For my side I had the Yogurt Shallot sauce. Once again it was top notch. I tried the Yogurt cucumber sauce and it was also really good. I really liked having the salad for my side. They even included fresh avocado in it. Score again!The owner of the restaurant was terrific. He talked with us several times and was great answering questions. He even showed my husband his tandoori oven. Big plus in my husband's book. They are going to start making their own bread in the future. Can't wait. Overall I highly recommend Mustache Cafe. We will definitely will be back. Also like them on their facebook page because he posts his daily specials there.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,10/26/2013,83,93,3,7,4>I've been on the hunt for a sushi place that I can rely on. I think I found it in Momoyama. Sure, the service is a little slow, which is either endearing or infuriating depending on my hunger and plans for the evening, but the food is always good and always fresh.Full disclosure that I include with all sushi place reviews - I am NOT adventurous when it comes to sushi. I'm more of a standard roll kind of gal. That said, ever since moving from Arizona, the only place that had a spicy crab roll I could count on also had an all-you-can-eat buffet. Momoyama is at the end of a strip mall, and it's fairly small inside. It's clean and cute, and the staff is friendly if not apologetic for the slow-ish service. Why is the service slow, you ask? They only have one sushi chef on staff, even on the most crowded of nights (usually Fridays and Saturdays). I give it a pass due to its deliciousness and Mom and Pop motif.Bottom line: Solidly good sushi and exceptional bento lunch specials. This place doesn't have buy-one-get-one deals because they don't have to. It's definitely worth trying, just don't swing by if you've got somewhere to be or if it's Sunday (closed).
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,10/25/2013,38,84,1,13,5>Woo-hoo! Love the Fiction Kitchen. We went on Saturday, Jan. 19th - the fourth official day they had been opened. We read on their Facebook page that they had been pretty full on Friday and had started running out of food. No biggie. We arrived at 5:15 thinking we'd have an early dinner.Well, all the tables were already full! Note that there is not a lot of seating here. There are three tables that are used as two-tops. There was another 2-top that had been pushed together with a 4-top. There are three or four booths, but the booths are a bit small. I am not sure you could fit four people in them (I never saw it happen), and there is one table, that I think can seat six, at the very front.There's also seating at the bar for 10ish people.Although seating at the bar was available, we chose to wait for a table. It took about 30 minutes to be seated, and we were first in line for the first available 2-top. There was a group of four ahead of us.By 6:00 the bar was full, and there was a wait. There were people waiting outside on the sidewalk!My advice on getting there:(a) arrive early. The next time we go we will aim to be walking through the door at 5:00. (b) there really isn't a waiting area. You can sort of hang out in the entrance way, sit at the bar, or stand outside.(c) the restaurant is in downtown Raleigh. We got street parking for free about a block away.Now, the food! The food is divine!!!!! I had the pesto grits with braised tempeh. First, let me say that I LOVE grits, but I am very particular about them. I will eat them no matter what,  but I think most places serve medicore grits (I think Crook's Corner in Chapel Hill has the best in the world). Fiction Kitchen's grits were outstanding. They were not in the same league as Crook's Corner, but I don't think anyone is in that league. I added local goat cheese to my grits, and that was also an excellent decision. Pay attention to your menu. The grits had an (opt) written next to them. I asked what that meant, and I was told it meant that the goat cheese was an option. I am sure it cost extra. I don't care.I explained to our serve that I am not really a tempeh eater and asked if I would like it. She claimed I would. I decided that since I was at a vegetarian restaurant I might as well go all out. The tempeh was amazing!!!! The only issue - if you can even call this an issue - was that it was very rich. I didn't eat all of it because I felt a stomachache coming on with each bite (but in a good way).My husband had the chicken and waffles which is a vegan dish. It was such an amazing dish. I want to go back next weekend so I can have it. While both dishes were excellent, I would recommend the chicken and waffles dish over the grits, but you can't go wrong with both.For dessert, we each had a pice of the ganache truffle pie. They were relatively small slices, but the perfect amount. I'm not complaining. I think most restaurants serve too much.Overall portion size was good, and I thought it was an excellent value for the money.I had a soda. Mu husband had a beer, and we spent right at 60.00 including the tip.My only complaint is that I live in Durham and they are 45 minutes away from me! I wish they were closer, but I am already thinking about making the drive again next weekend to score some chicken and waffles.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,10/24/2013,25,162,3,5,4>Do yourself a favor and ride on the Trolley Pub if you get a chance. It's so much fun going through the streets of Raleigh while drinking beers and stopping off at bars. The drivers are amazing and it's worth chatting with them if you get a minute while the trolley has stopped. We took two groups of people on two separate trolleys that went out at the same time. Racing each other was fun.A few things: it's BYOB and you have to serve yourself. And you have to pay for your own beer if you stop off at bars. All worth it, though.Overall, this is a great idea and fun for medium sized groups. Check it out!
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,10/23/2013,104,463,,2,3>I heart cajun/creole New Orleans cuisine. I first spotted Battistella's on the way to another dinner. I was ready to abandon our plans, but my loyalty to friends outlasted my desire for low-country yum yums. Fortunately, my wife and I found ourselves in downtown Raleigh again before too long. We sat at a high-top table in the bar area for a Saturday afternoon lunch. I had some quail which was really delicious, because how many places can you find that serve quail?  I can't wait to come back and try more!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,10/22/2013,69,760,2,6,4>As others have stated, the entertainment industry that features these BIG CATS, whether it be circuses, magic shows, or even the "Get your picture taken with the tiger cub on the boardwalk" will not be on my agenda to visit or participate in.It's not just tigers, but also lions, bobcats, cougars and a variety of other small and large cats.  They purr and rub their faces on the fences, but don't let that lull you into a cute way of thinking they like you.  Apparently, a cat rubbing its face (purring) is claiming that spot as their territory by making sure their scent is on the spot.It's an educational visit, but one the kids will absolutely love.  Not much more I can say here that hasn't already been said by other reviewers.Buy your tickets ahead of time, that's the only way to get in.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,10/21/2013,27,49,5,4,3>The wife, "I wouldn't feel bad going here without you.  I don't like going places that are really good without you, because then I'd feel bad."That being said, it was good.  It just wasn't good enough to knock our socks off.  This place would be a 4-.  What we had:Duck egg sandwich: delicious, if I had to come back I'd skip the other stuff we got and just stick with that.  The bacon jelly or whatever that was definitely made the sandwich.  I need to learn to make that stuff myself.  Iced Rice Baby: I concur with the other reviews, good coffee; however, ok horchata.  Stick with the plain coffee, especially for the price.  Donut muffin: good.  Firm muffin with cinnamon sugar coating the outside.  I was expecting more of a donut texture than muffin texture.  Glad I got it, but I'd try something else next time.  Tomato pie: Very good, the tomatoes were gorgeous in there, and I'm sure they were nice and fresh.  This place might have been a three except for the bacon jelly, and at the end of the meal there was a guy that came in with 2 ziplock containers of fresh figs and left with half a pie.  What I imagined was that this guy was an average dude with a fig tree in his yard and he traded his figs for baked goods.  That impressed me for some reason.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,11/13/2012,37,158,,10,2>I love this place so, so much.The coffee is wonderful, the beer selection is excellent, the desserts could inspire a sweet tooth in even those who only barter in terms of savory treats.And then there's the space...For starters, this is an incredible date spot for people of any age, full of private, pretty little spots to duck away into for a bit of privacy, with beautiful gardening and ambience.  They can accommodate larger parties, as well, though, and there always seem to be enough people present to make the atmosphere feel energized (never dead) though still private.I love the little bits of artwork and historical detail scattered throughout the place.  All throughout, there's a wide range of bits to spark up new conversations and inspiration.Others have labelled this place as a retreat, and I completely agree.  Particularly given the commercial lots all nearby, this feels like an oasis that cropped up out of nowhere--but surely is welcome.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2012,11/12/2012,25,162,,8,3>Five words: Free mimosas during Sunday brunch!Excellent restaurant, and I'm mad I didn't check it out sooner. I'd visited here once before when it was called Spice Street, but hadn't bothered visiting again.This is my new favorite brunch spot, and I'd like to go back for dinner soon. The brunch has plenty of fresh food, vegetables, fruit, desserts out in buffet style, but they also have some excellent dishes on the menu.Go check it out. City Kitchen impressed me.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2012,11/11/2012,73,128,,7,4>Pizzeria Toro is a wonderful addition to the Durham Five points dining scene.  The restaurant and bar literally wrap around the Cupcake Bar, another newly opened establishment.  The two distinct entrances clearly separate the restaurant from the bar without making either space feel closed in or crowded.  I love the simplistic white walls with wood grain bar and tables.  The space has a warm rustic feel with a clean, modern twist; this is exactly the type of place I want to sit and have a glass wine.  The menu is small but full of enticing choices.   The antipasti menu consists of plates of roasted beets, burrata cheese, salted ox tongue and other choices.  There is a small selection of cured ham, 2 from Italy and 2 from the states.  The pizza menu is divided between red and white pizzas.  I really appreciated seeing some choices outside of the norm.  Two that stuck with me are the Yukon Gold Potatoes, Percorino and Bagna Cauda and the Soft Egg, Guanciale and Arugula.  The bar tender explained to us that Bagna Cauda is a blend of anchovies and garlic that is spread over the crust.  I did a little research and found that Guanciale is like bacon but made from the hog's jowl instead of the belly.  I don't know about you but both of these sound like wonderful toppings and they are different from other pizza eateries toppings in the area!My husband and I chose to try the House Pepperoni, Vidalia Onions and Cacio di Roma pizza which came by  recommendation of the super helpful bartender.  All the pizzas here are wood fired and well worth the short wait.  I am here by proclaiming my love for Pizzeria Toro's crust.  It's crunchy and soft and lightly kissed with flaky sea salt--to die for!It was lovely to sit at the bar.  They have one Italian beer on draft (not Peroni) and a generous selection of  Italian wines.  By the way, it looks much cheaper to buy a bottle.  They also have a small cocktail menu but they looked stocked to make a wide variety of drinks.I can't wait to return to try another type of pizza.  Giving them 4 stars but in reality would like to give 4.5.  I need to go back a few more times to try additional menu items, you never know they just may be 5 stars!
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,11/10/2012,32,168,,12,3>I can't confirm or deny that St.Jacques, as the website proclaims, is "the only true French restaurant in Raleigh."  I can confidently say, however, that this is authentic French cuisine, served in a pleasantly non-stuffy environment.My Francophile, wine-crazy father has been taking me to French restaurants since I've been able to walk, and I have been to many of the most celebrated ones in New York and Paris.  I lived in France to study art for a semester abroad during college, and have also visited France at least ten times over the course of my life.  So if there's one cuisine I know well, it's French.  After reading all the excellent reviews here, I knew that I had to go to Saint Jacques for my birthday dinner.  After my parents drove down to NC to celebrate with me, we made the trek over to Raleigh to check it out.The restaurant is located in a strip mall, which is unfortunate, but oh well.  I parked outside a karate studio and walked over to the unassuming exterior.  And once we entered...oh.  Weird blinds covering the windows to help us forget that we're in a strip mall, old framed prints on the walls, and weird completely covered chairs which look like wrapped corpses, all in pale whites and greens.  As others have stated, the decor is not the prettiest.  We sat at our table and my father immediately busted out his chosen wines.  (They have a very reasonable corkage fee.)  At first there were issues with chilling the white wine properly, but eventually it worked out.The servers were dressed up in formal serving attire, but most of the diners appeared to be dressed pretty casually.  You'd feel awkward in blue jeans or Birkenstocks, but you can get away with slacks and a button down shirt.  The service was refreshingly unpretentious.  Our server had a strong Southern accent and was very knowledgeable, yet good-humored.  You're not going to get a Pepe-Le-Pew with a perpetual sneer and nose in the air.We got a smoked salmon amuse bouche in a little spoon, which was fine but underwhelming.  They make their own bread, and we had a choice between three types: a white rosemary (by far the best), a focaccia, and a wheat (too hard and not memorable).  They were frequently out of the white rosemary, which frustrated my bread-loving mother.APPETIZERS:Mushroom risotto (my dish): very creamy, very rich, and a bit too heavy/salty for me.  I would have preferred to taste more mushroom and less cheese/cream, but the texture was impeccable.  After the first few enjoyable bites, it became a struggle to finish.Beet and goat cheese salad (Mom's dish): beautifully prepared red and gold beets with warmed goat cheese and greens.  Light and delicious.  Mom devoured hers.French onion soup (Dad's dish): definitely the star of the starters.  You might think that this is a boring starter when you can get onion soup at any mall restaurant, but the Saint Jacques version is a revelation.  The richest, most delicious broth +  perfectly caramelized onions + gooey melted Gruyere = heaven.ENTREES:Mignon Béarnaise (my dish): medium rare, with already cut skinny pieces of beef accompanied by asparagus and truffle fries, as well as bearnaise sauce.  The beef was flavorful, but not as melty-in-the-mouth as I would have liked.  I was a bit underwhelmed.  The asparagus was cooked perfectly well, and the fries were fine but not as crispy or richly truffle flavored as I expected.  The dish was solid, but not mind-blowing.Black sea bass with spaghetti squash primavera (Mom's dish): the fish was light, moist, and impeccably cooked.  The spaghetti squash was an unusual counterpart but worked well, soaking up the sauces and seasoning to enhance the dish.  Mom loved it but ran out of steam halfway through eating it.Duck "Aux Picholine" (Dad's dish): Dad is a duck-a-holic and has duck almost every time he goes to a French restaurant, and thought St.J's version was very good but not extraordinary.  The wild rice side was really the star of this dish; I tasted it, and was blown away by its meaty, earthy flavors.DESSERTS:Cherry Clafoutis (mine): loved, loved, loved it.  I haven't had clafoutis since my last trip to France, and this version was perfectly authentic.  It's sort of like a warm, thick, sweet pancake studded with cherries.Home made ice cream/sorbet (parents): delicious.  There were two flavors, mango chili and dark chocolate.  Both creamy and richly flavored, especially the to-die-for chocolate.  My parents demolished it within a couple minutes.Overall, I was very impressed by Saint Jacques, which manages to offer an authentic French cuisine experience in North Carolina--not exactly a haven for French culture or food.  The decor lacks vitality and elegance (as others have mentioned), and the food doesn't quite measure up to the best I've had in NY and Paris (a pretty high bar), but I was very pleased with my meal here.  I'll definitely return to try other classic French dishes on their menu.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,11/9/2012,35,63,6,13,8>This place is just awesome. The atmosphere inside is totally unique from anything I've seen before, and I think I would describe the style as "steampunk tiki bar". There's definitely a heavy Asian influence, with lots of awesome touches like the ornate red velvet couches, big drippy candles and low lighting to add ambiance, booths separated from the rest of the room by carved wooden screens, and bamboo beaded curtains. And they have those chairs! I have no idea what they're called, the ones with the big dome-shaped tops. I felt like an awesome mad scientist sitting in that chair. Definitely a win in my book.And if the interior is an aesthetic feast, then the yummy drinks are a feast for the taste buds. The cocktails are unique and creative, and they're all named after famous emperors and empresses. I've tried the Josephine, the Maria Theresa, the Napoleon and the Wilhelm, and so far I haven't found one I haven't liked. Yes, they're pricey. I think my wallet cries a little bit whenever it sees me heading there. But unlike a lot of places on Glenwood I could mention who charge top dollar for low-quality, skimpy drinks, you will get what you pay for here.Another big plus: it's relatively quiet. They play music in the background, but it's not loud enough to drown out your conversations. So if you actually want to, you know, TALK with the people you're with, it's possible without shouting yourself hoarse. It's great to kick back in one of the corner booths and lounge on the cushions and gossip all secretively and stuff.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,11/8/2012,61,116,,9,3>Franklin Street Yoga is all around amazing.  The studio is beautiful, clean, and ready to help you get your zen on.  More than that though, the people who own, work, and practice there just have good souls... you can feel it.  Lori, a UNC alum, is the owner and I've been practicing at the studio on and off since it started.  It has come a long way but the coolest thing is that even though she works with UNC teams and could be relatively exclusive, it's quite the opposite.  They're so welcoming of people of all skill levels and the way they give back to the community is inspiring.  Other businesses should take note.  Lori particularly has a heart for homeless animals and it's amazing to think about the little furry lives that have been saved as a result of her work in raising awareness and funds by doing donation classes.  Overall, FSYC is great and since your first class is free you really have no reason not to check it out.   Namaste!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,11/7/2012,42,129,,12,7>Shari of Cruise Holidays and Vacations of Raleigh is as good as it gets.  Here is my story...The hubs and I decided to go on a Mediterranean Cruise to celebrate our anniversary.  Great, I'll book it myself!  Ehhh, Not so much...I quickly became super overwhelmed with all the options and time just kept ticking by.  I finally said, forget this, I need help.  I'll pay a travel agent and just admit defeat.I found Shari via Yelp and am sooo glad I did!  I received first class service throughout the entire booking process and it didn't cost me a dime!Shari's expertise and awesome personality provided me with so much help.  She makes the process absolutely painless and really helps you find the right cruise for your wants/needs and the most bang for your buck.  (She even saved us an additional $700(!!!) just a month or so before cruising!)Shari doesn't leave a stone unturned.  She helped us with booking, excursions, check in, airfare, hotel...you name it...she does it!  We just got back from our amazing 12 night med cruise and I can confidently say: I will NEVER book another vacation without Shari.  I'm a client for life!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,11/6/2012,91,136,,6,2>This review has been long overdue so I have a lot to say.  Let me just start out by saying Bella Monica is one of my favorite restaurants in the whole world!  Yes, there I said it and if I guarantee it will be a favorite of yours after one visit.  When I moved to Raleigh 10 years ago for school and I remembered seeing a small Italian restaurant with a sign outside that read 'Live, Love, Eat!"  Every time I visited the grocery store I would see the sign but never thought about trying the place out.  One day a friend convinced me to try it out and since then I have never looked back.First off the food is amazing!  Chef Corbett has done an amazing job with the menu and I have tried so many different dishes that you can not go wrong with anything.  The ingredients are fresh, perfectly blended together to make authentic delicious Italian food.  My favorite dish is the Spinach Portobello Lasagna.  It is one of the best lasagnas I have ever had.  AMAZING!Second, the service is impeccable. I grew up in the hospitality business and great customer service is very important to me.  No one does it better than Bella Monica.  I have never had anything less than stellar service and everyone I have dealt with at Bella Monica has been friendly, social, and made me feel I was eating at home.  There have been many times where I have spent 3 to 4 hours enjoying a nice evening never feeling rushed and just having a good time.  I have been coming for so many years and Trevor has done an amazing job on making sure the service is amazingLastly, the ambiance is perfect.  The restaurant is small and intimate.  They have added an outdoor area to expand seating and can be used all throughout the year.  They have done an amazing job of making you feel like your right at home enjoying a great meal.Anytime someone comes into town I take them to Bella Monica to eat.  Anytime someone asks me where is a good place to eat in Raleigh I tell them Bella Monica.  I don't even think twice about.  I was even lucky enough to reserve half the restaurant for my graduation dinner a few years ago and it did not disappoint.  Bella Monica is a must try and will always be at the top of my list!
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,11/5/2012,28,79,,5,6>My wife won a "Day in the Kitchen" at 18 Seaboard at a charity auction - so last Saturday I went there for 4 hours of fun. Ty Parker (the Executive Chef) gave me the tour of the restaurant explaining how a restaurant is run. I actually learned a few new things about the restaurant business. Then it was off to the kitchen to meet the cooking staff - who are a seriously pleasant bunch of people! You can tell the enthusiasm they have for the food they create - from the sous chef all the way to the dish washers. After a tour of the kitchen I was actually put to work. If you ate early last Saturday the Amuse Bouche, most of the salads and the soup was plated by me. Of course Chef Parker made sure that things were up to their high standards.After that we got a treat: basically a tasting menu of their greatest hits. Chef Ty sent out half portions of each dish for both my wife and me so that we could taste a few things that I had never tried before. First was a cold soup that was great. Second a Bibb Salad. Third Pork Belly (that's called Bacon on the menu). That was outstanding and I will order it again when we go next time. The scallops dish was fantastic - fresh scallops with a really nice vegetable presentation. And then the highlight of dinner: the pork shank on blue cheese grits. That was fantastic (and after seeing what it takes to prepare that I am not surprised). According to the staff people keep coming back for that one!As before our waiter was fantastic - always there when we needed him.I do have a new appreciation for this restaurant - everything is local, service is excellent and the food is really, really good. Especially at the price point!Can't wait to go back to try a few other things I saw in the kitchen.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,11/4/2012,43,197,,6,2>My husband and I ventured away from our usual comfort zone to try something new for our anniversary.  Herons came highly recommended to us by close friends, so we were confidant it would be a good experience.  We (and our friends) were right!  We decided to do their tasting menu (changes seasonally) and added the wine pairing.  Each course was better than the last, with every ingredient accompanying the others perfectly.  Each dish was obviously well thought out and paired wonderfully with each wine, each of which was expertly described by the Sommelier(s).  The only thing I might do differently next time is forgo the wine pairing and order a bottle (or two) of one of our favorites.  Although everything paired beautifully, it was a lot of white and we are more red drinkers.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2011,11/3/2011,22,188,2,5,5>Ok. Drop whatever else you are doing and go here. It is amazing. I think my body would shut down if I ate here too often, but oh my God it is good. I had a waffle with pecan butter, fried chicken and hotsauce on it. It was literally the best thing I have ever eaten. Seriously. You have to go. The service is slow, the food is slightly expensive, and the place is a bit sketch, but nothing else in the world of food compares to this place. Nothing. My wife couldn't finish her's. I ate it after completely finishing mine. It was that good. Oh and the mac and cheese was sublime. Incredible.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,11/2/2011,77,189,,5,3>Having been to a number of yogurt places around here now, I'm still undecided about which one is my favorite, but The Skinny Dip is definitely near the top of my list.  Like a number of them, they charge by the ounce and they have two bowl sizes to choose from.  I can't imagine getting the larger one since I don't usually come close to filling up the small one and get plenty.  They have a variety of flavors, a number of which rotate out so don't get to attached if you find one you really like.  A couple of stand outs I've had are the red velvet cake and the white chocolate macadamia nut. I like that they have the sample cups sitting out instead of having to go get them from an employee.  There are plenty of toppings to choose from including, fruit, candy bar pieces, and various cereals.  They also have really good hot fudge.  Not the hot chocolate syrup posing as hot fudge.  I'm talking the good kind that stays thick and doesn't turn your yogurt into chocolate sludge by the bottom.The atmosphere is fairly plain.  Some brightly colored walls and a few booths inside.  There are also some tables outside for enjoying your cool treat on a warm day. The staff has been very friendly every time I've been there.  Overall this place is a welcome addition to Quail Corners and N. Raleigh in general.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,11/1/2011,44,284,2,8,9>I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet.. We've probably come here 6 times already and have never been disappointed.  It's become our go-to spot on any given day (except Monday obviously).The menu is pretty short and seems to change seasonally, but the crack fries are always a constant.  It's got a perfect mix of fresh cut potatoes, scallions, and asiago cheese.  I would order 2 if that wasn't so strange.  A few months ago they had a rockfish special that landed on their current menu.  That's good stuff.  It's a pan-seared rockfish over a risotto cake and a saffron sauce.  Kristin swears by the marinated skirt steak salad, so much so that she orders it every time.  Don't expect extravagant presentation, just simple food with good distinct flavors.  Service is super casual and perfectly helpful.  Location is a little weird and would probably do more business in a higher traffic area, but if this remains our little spot, I'm okay with that.5 stars for the food that this place puts out, to which I liken to comfort food on crack.  And a plus for making Kristin's favorite gimlet.  We'll be back and back and back again.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2011,10/31/2011,315,293,,10,5>I was cruising through downtown Hillsborough recently and decided to stop and check out some of the restaurants that dot the downtown landscape  in this picturesque modest Carolina town. It was a lunch-hour on a Friday and some of the restaurants were surprisingly busy. I knew I didn't want to spend a whole lot of time dining as I needed to get onward in my travels so I  decided to check out Antonia's since it wasn't quite as busy as some others and the menu and décor looked inviting.Antonia's offers inside and outside dining. I decided to dine at the bar after perusing the lunch menu and ordered the Oliviero panini which consist of Prosciutto, fresh goat cheese, tomato and arugulaon an Italian hoagie. The sandwich was very light and tasty and perfect for a warm (almost) Summer lunch. Their menu states they get their bread from Weaver Street Market which is located nearby. The side item I had was the French-fries and they were crispy and golden. The bartender/server was very attentive , often asking how everything was and refilling my tea. I enjoyed my lunch and thought the atmosphere was very cozy and this would make a great date place for dinner. I overheard the owner say they had only been open since March, so I get the feeling this place has yet to be fully discovered. Hopefully this review will help.  If you are ever in Hillsborough check out Antonia's!
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2010,10/30/2011,45,521,11,10,8>I think it's more than a bit amusing that I'm reviewing an entire university. But what the heck ...The east campus is the "old" part of the campus, which is kinda ironic because it's not all dark and gothic like the west campus. I think the east campus is where they corral the youngin's and freshmen, and I really only go there when I want to run my dog on the expansive lawns or I'm on my way to ...... the west campus. So this is what happens when you find yourself in the early half of the 20th century with a gazillion dollars from your wildly successful tobacco business and you want to buy a university. You do things like build a huge cathedral (complete with a crypt) and have yourself entombed in the memorial chapel when the years of smoking catch up with you. You build all sorts of gothic dorm buildings, wherein untold tales of college debauchery unfold. You have a library, chock full of books, with what may be the nicest university librarians this side of the MIssissippi. You have statues and gardens and other things that justify the obscene tuition costs.Duke, of course, is also a hospital, a law school, a business school and plenty of other things as well.My criticism of Duke? Parking. Like every other school campus built before families had a half-dozen cars in their driveway, people at Duke are united by one thing (and no, it's not sports): their common quest for parking. Trying to find a parking spot at the "oval" near the chapel is a bit like throwing quarters into a slot machine. You're pretty sure you're throwing away your time and money, but a tickle of hope makes you do one more round just in case ...
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,10/29/2011,73,67,14,7,6>With my greatly advancing age, I am no longer able to withstand strong drink (IT MAKES MY HEAD FEEL FLOATY) as I may once have. One of the super great things about Fullsteam is that for $2, you can get a half-pint of REALLY good beer that might have been made from basil, or sweet potatoes, or I SWEAR TO ERIS Moon Pies.There are only two things that hold me back from awarding it a full five stars (and for the beer alone, it is certainly worth that many stars): the OVERWHELMINGLY FARTY aroma of hops that permeates the inside, and the fact that the main seating area is pretty much an oven during the summer due to IT IS NOT AIR CONDITIONED. However, the bar area (which also has plenty of chairs and dry-erase countertops you can graffiti all over) is nice and cool, though really loud when there are a buncha people all up in there. Regardless, the outdoor patio at the front of the building is a great place to sit and have a beer. And there are usually food trucks within squirting distance of said patio. (Did he just say "squirting"?)There is also an array of SCIENCE SWITCHES on one wall that probably kill superpositioned kittens, a table through which one might experience all the violence that is ping pong, and A BAYWATCH PINBALL MACHINE. This place gets all my beer money, forever.EDIT: In light of the proprietor's comments, I am caving to the INSANE PRESSURE and upping this place's star rating to an eye-melting FIVE. Because, in retrospect, this is really one of my favorite places in Durham. All the bartenders have always been really friendly when I visited, and I can't underscore enough how good the beer is. For example, I *hate* IPAs, but I totally love the IPA they make here. And perhaps I am willing to concede that "redolent" would be a better word choice than "farty". (STARTLING REALIZATION ZOMG IT IS THE SMELL OF VAPORIZED KITTENS)
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,10/28/2011,68,214,4,10,7>Men...Listen up!!!! If you are looking for an interesting date location- Babylon should be a new top choice. It's trendy, casual elegant interior is perfect for a night out. The inside is a bit loud for good conversation but you can take your wine outside to the pool/porch area for a romantic outdoor experience. Women will love it- guaranteed.My friends and I tried Babylon for the first time this weekend. It was busy but not overcrowded for a Saturday and they do take reservations. We tried one of the appetizer platters with an eggplant, olive, and some other tapanade...fairly standard fare for Mediterranean. The bread they bring comes with a balsamic olive oil dipping sauce- the bread wasn't as good as I expected. As for main dishes,  several of us ordered the salmon which was perfectly seasoned and delicious. Several others ordered a few of the chicken dishes- all beautifully presented.Several comments: the portions are very gourmet and on the small side- a few of us were still hungry after eating but we're pretty hearty eaters for girls. The prices are fair for the type of establishment but because of the slightly higher price point (it will run ~50 for dinner, wine, appetizer/dessert) it won't be a place I frequent too often. Finally, I've never been to Morocco, but much of the food didn't seem too 'ethnic' to me. (pizza?)Definitely check it out- if nothing else for a drink on the swanky patio.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,10/27/2011,41,224,2,9,3>I seriously love Waraji! My first recommendation for Waraji, no joke, was from a guy I know in DURHAM. Considering the restaurant is practically across the street from my house and I drove by it all the time without realising what it even really was, that is a big deal to me. Yelp is all about the power of recommendation as far as I'm concerned, so if my bud Rasaan was on Yelp, this would be one heck of a success story! I ended up trying Waraji for the first time because my birthday celebration got scrapped at the last minute for the best possible reason- my bff's boyfriend coming home from a tour in Afghanistan the SAME day. As a "consolation" dinner, my friend Jeremy took me to Waraji. I expected good sushi since Rasaan had claimed it was "the best in Raleigh". Honestly, I was pretty impressed. Bright spots: We had the California Roll, the Mary Roll, Spiral Ecstasy Roll (bonus points for that name, btw), and the Cucumber special. All of them were FANTASTIC, fresh tasting, tightly rolled. The food was plentiful; in truth, we couldn't finish it all. Slight negatives: Our waitress didn't seem very knowledgeable about the saki on offer, though she aimed to please and was glad to bring us (unopened) bottles to examine until we settled on our selections. I chose a sparkling filtered varietal, very tasty and different from what I usually go for in a sushi restaurant, but hey! It was my (#@%*& birthday!!! Also, our appetizer (a kind of crab-rangoon knockoff) was a little slow coming out of the kitchen. The waitress let us know it was because they were pre-prepared and frozen; in a perfect world, nothing in a sushi restaurant would EVER be frozen, but I was willing to make allowances. Perhaps because of the bottle or two of sake we consumed? Who knows! In any case I've been back several times since for lunch and Waraji never fails to please. I'm not sure I'm ready yet to declare them the "best sushi in Raleigh", but I'm sure happy my friend gave them the nod, and inspired me to try them out. By the way, for lunch I definitely recommend the Cucumber Special. Whether you're dieting or just DYING from the recent high temperatures, nothing hits the spot quite as well as this light, slightly-sweet roll, and the price is definitely right. Enjoy!
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2011,10/26/2011,26,102,,10,4>Seriously, I can't even think of a gourmet market in the bay area that would beat out Antonio's in a head-to-head contest. Maybe the Oakville Grocery... but Antonio's is more spacious, more attractively priced, and blessed with a much better selection. We strolled in here at lunchtime today for a quick gander. I felt like my daughter at the aquarium, nose (almost) pressed against the glass, salivating at the array of meats, fish and prepared foods. There were literally about 20 things I would have had to choose between if I were shopping for dinner. Instead we headed over to the bakery section and selected made-to-order sandwiches, which we proceeded to destroy on a sun-drenched bench outside the store. Mine was "the Bistro": shaved ham, apple, brie, a mustard dressing all melted on beer bread. Joel went with the San Gennaro, which consisted of sweet sausage (with parsley and cheese snuck into its casing), sauteed onions and peppers on a hoagie. Both were gone in minutes - no mean feat considering their mighty size.There was also a delightful man from Cary sampling his (very good) Outta the Park barbecue sauce. We'll be back, soon, to stock up on said sauce plus stuffed mushrooms, veal meatballs and a whole lot more.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,10/25/2011,84,91,9,7,11>This is the type of place I'd picture Agent Dale Cooper frequenting if he actually existed. "Damn fine, pie!"I don't reckon I had even been down Person Street before venturing to this restaurant. One Saturday night, when our first choice restaurant was full up, a friend and I decided to mosey on over to PieBird and assess the crowd situation. I had heard of the notorious PieBird and had always wanted to check it out. Luckily the crowd was minimal that night and we snuck inside for a table.My friend, whom had been here before, raved about the pot pies that they offered and warned me to steer clear of any appetizers. Yielding said warning I ordered a fancy-schmancy bird-themed drink instead.My mouth dropped and I exclaimed aloud: "Angry Bird Martini!" (Because I'm a nerd....) What I failed to do in my excitement over this drink's name was read it's ingredients. When it came I, first, had to take a picture and then second, a big sip. My mouth began to pucker and my eyes widen. The Angry Bird Martini is a pretty sour concoction. Although wouldn't you be sour too if some green pigs took all your eggs?? While I wished I hadn't ordered a sour drink, I still drank it (duh), but I learned a valuable lesson: Speak After You Think, Read Before You Drink.As instructed I forewent an appetizer and ordered the tomato and goat cheese pie (a special of the evening). My friend ordering the Shepard's pie. When our meals came out I was a little disappointed to see that my tomato and goat cheese pie was not in pot form. While I scoffed and jealously eyed my companion's meal (in all it's pot pie glory) I second-guessed my "special" decision. You see it was, quite literally, a piece of pie - tomato and goat cheese pie. And it my friends was DELICIOUS. After taking one bite I thanked the god of birds and pie for sending me this glorious slice of heaven.For dessert we ended up sharing a piece of their chocolate pie topped with caramelized bacon. Yes, bacon. Bacon!! It was surprisingly, DELICIOUS as well! --That's two "delicious"es in caps people. I don't go throwing cap'd words around willy nilly now!To finish off the meal I ended it with a nice cup of black coffee (french pressed). They even brought me a to-go cup since we were running late for a show. All in all I was pleasantly surprised and happily stuffed with all the yummies from PieBird. I can't wait to go back and try more! Next time, this restaurant wins first choice.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,5/2/2011,19,96,3,9,5>+ finally! a large asian store in durham!+/- doesn't have every kind of bun/tofu/dumpling you want, but still a good selection. +/- has that funky asian store smell... that's when you know you're in a legit place. +/- hot foods bar had some decent options (chicken with mushroom and goji, vegetarian stir fry with lotus root, stuffed tofu, etc), good prices; but if you're picky about not mixing your meats and veggies, the server uses the same tongs on different trays!I'm sure this review will get adjusted as time goes on. But in the meantime.... ASIAN SUPERMARKET IN DURHAM!!!
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2011,5/1/2011,42,129,,7,5>I'll keep this short as there are plenty of other reviews to read.Scuppernog Sangria-worth a tryPulled pork-over ratedChopped turkey- AMAZING!  My number 1 recommendationBBQ Chicken- Not saucy, wonderful smoky flavorIf you like hushpuppies...get yourself to the pit.  They are super crunchy on the outside and taste like vidalia onions!
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,4/30/2011,69,172,,9,5>As someone who lived in New York for over 15 years, I'm really excited about this place. Trust me, I moved to North Carolina happily and haven't looked back, but sometimes a hard roll or a good deli sandwich call my name and I don't know where to go.Well, this is it! I had a delicious sesame seed bagel -- soft, chewy but a little crunchy, with a huge smear of cream cheese. I also took home two big sub rolls for meatball parm sandwiches I was making for dinner. They also have a nice case of cookies and cakes. My Mom bought an assortment and the mini black and white cookie was awesome.  I told my husband and he is amped to go back and try a sandwich that has corned beef AND pastrami. The wait staff were friendly enough -- I don't even mind a little NY 'tude, that just adds to the authentic experience.The plaza itself is kind of a pain-in-the-butt, but it's worth it to get a nice bagel or sandwich while I'm in the area.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2011,4/29/2011,12,337,,8,3>Sought out Jahan Market, following a review in a recent newspaper and found this to be a gem, located in a somewhat out-of-the-way spot, near The Pig restaurant (also a gem).  Jahan is well laid out, stocked with very interesting gourmet items that you just can't find anywhere else in the area, and with a very attractive area with tables for teas and pastries. Now down to the tea....I had a fantastic cup of tea, their own blend of Persian Tea and Cardamom Tea...it was really memorable.  I plan to return when I have Persian family members visit next week; but, this is an excellent addition to the shopping experience in the area. Prices seemed reasonable to me, based on the fact that most of their items are imported and unique to the area.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2010,4/28/2011,66,252,4,9,4>Holden's is right up Capital Blvd. past Wake Forest, just when you cross over into Youngsville. We've passed this place 1000 times, but never seen it open. It wasn't until I decided to do some Internet research that I found out they are actually opened, just with limited hours. Today was the day. We decided we'd take a break from work and head down the road to get ourselves some BBQ. We hit the ATM first, because with places like this you just can't expect that they take cards - and they didn't. Then we made our way into the gravel lot and into the front doors and seated ourselves for some lunch. The place is tiny! They have 6, count 'em 6 tables to select from. We made our way to one of the booths and got ready to review the menu. The waitress came over and asked us what we'd like to drink. (She sort of gave us a look like - what are you "city slickers" doing in here, but was very nice nonetheless.) Without thinking, I just ordered tea. Usually people then ask - Sweetened or unsweetened, and I clarify that I want un. She didn't. She brought over a pitcher of sweet tea and sat it on the table with two Styrofoam cups of ice. The tea was good, not too overly sweet, and you could tell it was freshly brewed. We picked up the laminated menus off the table and decided on our orders. She quickly came back over and took our orders. A few minutes later she came back with a freshly fried basket of hush puppies. The pups were sweet and warm. Very good appetizer for no cost! Our food came out in about 7 minutes. I selected the "Sliced (Chunky) Barbecue Platter with potato salad and string beans. The beans were good - just like granny would make, and the potato salad had great flavor and did not need anything other than a splash of black pepper. The pork was fantastic! It was moist, tender, and full of flavor. Its totally eastern Carolina style - nice and vinegary! The place is bare bones. They are there to put out good BBQ, and that is what they do. They are not there for gimmicks, checked table cloths, or fancy decor - just great food - and that's what you get! While we were there the waitress swapped out the lunch menus for breakfast and I spyed some country ham biscuits, so we will have to go back between 7:30am - 10:30-am to check that all out! Morals of this story: Bring Cash! Dine before 2pm! - We were locked in and noticed it was only 1:55 when we got back out to the car. So get there early if you want lunch! Prepare for some excellent BBQ!
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,4/27/2011,169,170,3,13,6>Today I bought a mattress from Furniture Follies for our guest bedroom. Since my wife and I would not be sleeping on it nightly (hopefully) we were not too picky and therefore did not do a lot of research. For the most part we picked based on price and brand (yes, marketing at its best). My wife had heard this store had some great discounts because the mattresses aren't sold as "unopened". Furniture Follies generally carries showroom sample mattresses and mattresses with minor blemishes. They give the mattress a grade (A, A-, B, etc.) and then group them by size (Twin, Full, Queen, King). Most (maybe all) are still wrapped in plastic so it might be a bit harder to really get a feel for the comfort but this did not bother me. The prices of the mattresses range from about $200 (economy) to $1000 (super plush and high quality). We bought a mattress for about $275 less than what it is selling for at Sam's Club (awesome deal!).On top of the great prices, the owner was very helpful, friendly, knowledgeable and honest (or maybe I'm a hapless fool :). He walked us all around the store and explained why some mattresses are more expensive than others, and he did all of this without being overbearing. He explained which items sell well. He even gave us some tips on how to save money. For example, he proposed that we could buy an economy box springs because they're about the same as the name brand versions. He wasn't trying to get the quick sale. He offered to notify us if new inventory came available that matched our search. Luckily, we did find a mattress that we liked so we didn't have to wait. They will deliver your large item purchases to Chapel Hill/Carrboro for $35 and to Durham for $45.We were told by the owner that they were being careful about overstocking on the mattresses because there was a chance in the near future that they would need to find a new location due to renovations that were coming to their building complex. These renovations were expected so I don't think this is a sob story about how the leaser is increasing rent. Apparently, Furniture Follies got a really good deal on the space (hopefully means more savings for us customers). If they move they'll keep the same name and phone number.Oh, and, by the way, they sell new and used furniture (I think it's mostly used furniture though). Mattresses seem to be a big part of their business but there's certainly a lot of other furniture items in their inventory. Check their website for a list of their furniture inventory (very helpful!).
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2011,4/26/2011,135,254,4,15,7>"Outstanding quality Japanese / sushi"Lots of great Yelp reviews for this place, so my family and I decided to give it a try.  The interior is sparsely decorated and with few tables, but with perfect lighting, soft Japanese-style music playing, and very inviting.  We were greeted and seated promptly.  Unlike what some other reviewers noted, the restaurant was almost full when we went on a Saturday night.We took a long time to decide, since there were so many options and we'd never been there before.  The waitress was friendly and helpful interpreting the menu for us.  We split an order of shumai w/ shrimp appetizer to start with.  I got the seaweed salad, beef tataki, and rice topped with green tea & salmon flakes.  That was a good sized meal even for a big-eater like me.  My wife had the japanese persimmon, green tofu, and black seaweed cooked with brown rice.  Kids got soup and sushi (daughter got the rainbow roll).Every dish I had was absolutely delicious.  We first received a small complimentary appetizer of pumpkin and peapod- very tasty.  The shumai was easily the best I had- came with 4 large dumplings (much bigger than the thimble-sized shumai I've had elsewhere).  The seaweed salad had some unusual textures, (there were perhaps 5 different types in there) but the lemon/ miso dressing was both delicious and perfectly complemented the flavors of the different seaweeds.  Big thanks to Christina G's review for the tip on the beef tataki (served rare), 'cause MAN that was outstanding!  It had a lot of onion, which sometimes I don't like, but it went perfectly with that exquisitely prepared beef.  The rice with tea & salmon was also good- the salmon was amazing, and the dish was served like a soup with some wasabi on the side, which gave it a good zingy (is that a word?) taste.  I tasted my wife's dishes, and really liked the persimmon.  While my wife liked her dishes, I found her other two a little dull, but maybe because I was just so enamored with what I ordered.  Also, both the tataki and rice/tea were pretty big portions, whereas all my wife's dishes were really small, so she was a bit hungry at the end.  Daughter LOVED the rainbow roll- said it was the best sushi she's had anywhere (and she's had a lot).  She wouldn't let me try a piece, so I can't comment directly.  :-)Overall, a wonderful culinary experience.  The service was also nice, but it didn't quite match the incredibly personal service the other Yelpers reported- could be just they were too busy that evening.  We never would have known that they made the plates had we not read it on Yelp.  I have no idea if our waitress was the daughter of the owner, and she didn't really chat with us at all or do anything I'd call "making us feel at home."  She was responsive whenever we asked for anything, but it was more "normal good' service rather than the over-the-top some other reviews here report.  Price is not cheap- to get the full experience, you'll probably pay over $30 per adult even though individual items, particularly a la carte dishes, are much cheaper.  But quality comes at a price.Good place to celebrate or impress- I'm sure we will be back.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2010,4/25/2011,194,183,5,16,14>Disclosure: I was born in Shanghai and was raised on my mother's cooking, which is best categorized as southern Chinese - light and flavorful.Seeing the menu at Asian Grill almost made me tear up.  As I stumbled over the Chinese characters (don't worry, there are also English translations), I realized many of these dishes are authentically southern Chinese, some "originating" from Shanghai.  We got the crab soup dumplings (xie huang xiao long bao), a bowl of fish soup (yu tou tang), and dishes of lions head (shi zi tou) and bok choy.  The soup dumplings were amazing.  They were comparable to Joe's Shanghai (NYC) and Shanghai street vendors.  The dumpling skins were slightly thicker than ideal, but the filling was spot on.  The bamboo steamer was layered with nappa cabbage, as it should be.  The dipping sauce was dark vinegar with julienned ginger, as it should be.  I can't express my thankfulness that I now need only drive 30 minutes to satisfy my soup dumpling cravings.  To you who brought Asian Grill to Raleigh, THANK YOU!All of our dishes were delicious.  My mom's versions are better, but I'm also a little biased.I loved hearing my hometown dialect spoken among the kitchen staff and our waitress.  This place may become my home away from home!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,4/24/2011,64,264,3,6,5>Where's the love? This is a solid place for brunch in downtown Durham. I've been here twice (for brunch only) in recent months and I have enjoyed it both times. I was not aware of the negative reviews for the 'imposter' french toast on the menu, and I was actually impressed when it arrived. It was deliciously light, airy, and really unique. However, I will agree with Serena S and Kelly L that it's more like a baked brioche/bread pudding rather than the typical 'pain perdu'.The second time around, I had the farm breakfast (2 eggs, biscuit, grits). Eggs were cooked perfectly, biscuit was nice and fluffy, grits were tasty. Coffee and tea are from 3Cups in Chapel Hill; if you're a tea drinker, I recommend the organic Earl Grey.Service was quite attentive and understanding both times, despite the second time spent waiting until past closing time for very tardy 'typical New Yorker' friends. Based on these brunch experiences, the Piedmont is a restaurant I would definitely considering visiting for dinner.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,4/23/2011,17,76,4,9,4>We stopped in today after Ron W advised of their meatball sub (the Goombha)...It was really nice to go there today because I guess the rain scared people away. We were the only people there for a little while, which allowed us to actually get to look at their meat, deli, bakery and prepared food cases. The last time we were there, we couldn't get a view!They have a few tables inside, so we plopped down and ate the HUGE meatball sub. We split it and left quite full. The bread was very fresh and soft and the meatballs were homemade tasting, my husband thought the meatballs were more like meatloaf. It wasn't the absolute best sub I've ever had, but for $9 for two for lunch - it was the best sub I've ever had. They were sampling a tasso ham sandwich on ciabatta with fresh mozzarella and a touch of oil and vinegar. OMG! That WAS the best sandwich I've ever had. I wish I would have ordered that! The meat was smoky, the mozzarella was creamy and the oil and vinegar was the perfect amount to help the ciabatta roll soak it up a little, but not get soggy. Mmm.. Mmmm. I also needed some apples and they had many great looking apples - at a VERY good price (like $1/lb less than the regular grocery stores.) We picked up a 2lb bag of Italian Espresso beans and I can't wait until the espresso machine is empty so I can try them!! I find their shelf items very reasonable in cost - the coffee was $18 for 2lbs.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,2/6/2014,199,740,2,9,8>I have been a patron of Artspace since I was a kid as my mom is an artist and used to force my brother and I to come along with her. It used to be more of a chore, but now it is entertainment as I always add it to my monthly schedule of visiting during First Friday evenings in downtown Raleigh. The great thing about Artspace is that it is sort of a hub of local artists who practice their craft, sell, and consult, right there it the building. You can peruse through the various studios on open evenings such as First Friday, and watch the artists work and/or buy art of your fave local artist.On First Friday, and other art openings, there are usually drinks and hors d'oeuvres, along with live music. Artspace has recently launches "Artspace pop-ups" where they feature local artists in commercial storefronts that are empty. Artspace rents the space for a short period of time, and then goes to another locale. The most recent location was at North Hills where my mom was the featured artist (shameless plug- her name is Beverly Mecum, and she is amazing!)Do you and your community some good and go to Artspace and support these local artists!!!! You'll feel great about yourself and you can gain a little cultural exposure while you are at it!
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,2/5/2014,179,340,6,9,5>Conjunction Junction, what's your function?  Hookin' up hairdos and pedis and manis.....My friend recommended this place and I became an instant fan!  My stylist was Frank. I had purchased the Groupon and I just picked him because he happened to have an opening at the time I wanted to come.  I picked well.  He spent a lot of time cutting my hair to perfection.  The layers are great. The bangs are perfect. It just feels lighter on my head. (Embarrassingly, I hadn't had a cut since last November, so it was time. It was weighing down my entire head.)  I shake it and it feels shiny and new. If you go to Frank, watch out for his stories- he is very convincing, but he just might be pulling your leg ;)  The space is great. Lofty, modern, and comfortable.  No complaints. I'll come back.PS- I might be leaving out the best part: there is a BAR there! My appointment was in the morning, so I opted for coffee, but there is a BAR in THERE!  In the hair salon!!!!
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,2/4/2014,83,168,2,7,4>FINALLY a good groupon-related hair experience! Salon Eden is situated in a less than stellar shopping center, but the space itself if amazingly utilized! Everything was clean, sleek and very modern. I came in with a groupon for a wash, cut and style for $29 which was a great deal-- though I was almost afraid it was too good to be true. It actually worked out very well! Ebony explained every detail of what she was doing with my style, asked me questions and gave great suggestions! She also told me right at the beginning that there would be a $15 up-charge to straighten my hair which was appreciated (and expected since I have a lot of hair and always get charged extra).Once everything was said in done I ended up with a GREAT cut (probably the best i've had so far in Raleigh) for a very reasonable price. The only thing that bums me out a bit is that without a groupon my hair will cost double the price which means I probably wont get to come quite as often as I would like. Here's hoping I find out they actually have some good year around specials because i'd love to make Salon Eden my new go-to hair spot!
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2013,2/3/2014,67,201,3,5,3>We love Daniel's and have been fans for at least 10 years. Now that we live in Cary we don't make it as often as we once did, but we never regret the decision.The wine list is very, very, very good. The owner, Daniel, takes great pride in their offering and I suspect he only offers stuff he personally likes. We had the honor once of him personally helping us pick a bottle :)I want to skip to the good part, dessert. The tiramisu with the 'Eiffel Tower' of chocolate towering over it is probably the best take on this dish in the Triangle.One piece of advice, this place gets busy. Expect a wait if you get there during peak hours. A nice touch is they have a very nice take-out service, which comes in very handy when you have little kids.Bonus Trivia: You can find Daniel's hand all over the menu and service at Spirit's in Cary - that's his place too :)
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,2/2/2014,36,193,3,11,3>I have nothing but praise for the mission and work of this organization! I had my labradoodle spayed here in 2009, and just had my purebred chocolate lab puppy neutered last month. I am not low income, but why throw away money unnecessarily on simple procedures? Their prices can't be beat. In fact, I gave them a $100 donation each time, and the total was still less than Banfield was charging, and much less than my regular vet charges. They even update vaccinations free of charge if any are due at the time of their surgery. I advise getting your heartworm/flea/tick meds here when you pick up your pet, as their prices were the lowest I've found. You drop off your pet in the morning, and pick them up in the evening. I advise getting there early and filling out your paperwork quickly to avoid waiting in line. You don't see or speak to the vet unless there is a problem. My dogs have been healthy, and I am comfortable with the routine nature of these surgeries, so I had no problem with this. After another company cancelled on me twice, I was able to make an appointment here in just over a week.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,2/1/2014,73,266,2,5,2>We have been getting take out from here for quite a few years and pretty much taking it for granted that we would consistently get delicious Thai food at a reasonable price. Last night was no exception. We started with the spicy beef salad, which is a joy. I almost wish it was larger and I would make my whole meal out of it. Your nose will run and you'll be reaching for the sake or water. I am sad that they don't have the spicy squid salad anymore, but the beef is wonderful. For my main I had the Pad Thai shrimp & hubby had the Kee Meo. Both dishes were delicious and plentiful. My only suggestion would be that they offer coupons to use for take out. Hubby does not like to eat out during the week. Lemongrass Thai you are a nearby gem.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,1/31/2014,290,175,1,10,4>All around I am so super excited about my new DO that there is no question I'll be coming back to see Dana! Put it this way, I'm so happy that I didn't wake up in the middle of the night crying because I cut 6+ inches off of my hair.... yes, this has happenedMy first visit here didn't blow me away last year. It was for a haircut, and I left with the oh so familiar feeling of too many layers in my hair - which makes me feel like i have thinning hair or a mullet. After reading some great reviews on Dana, and her work, I decided to give it another go. I wanted to do something fresh, and I wanted some nice color in my hair.When I sat down with Dana and threw out my thoughts and ideas, she REALLY listened. She heard my hair gripes, my desires and what my goals were for my new hairstyle and she delivered!My hair has body, but doesn't flip in weird places. My hair color is fresh, but still professional. And even though i chopped off A LOT of my hair, I don't look like i got the "mom" (aka Jennifer anniston as Rachel) haircut.Thank you for listening Dana!
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,1/30/2014,53,110,1,10,5>As a big fan of both all-you-can-eat buffets and mexican food, I just had to give this place another chance once I saw that they started doing a buffet format.  Especially since a mexican buffet is usually only something seen in dreams.  Icing on the cake is when I saw it was only $6.95 at lunch.  At that price point, I didn't walk in with supremely high expectations, but I wouldn't say those were blown away.  They have a modest but reasonable array, including cheese quesadillas, ground beef burritos, chicken taquitos, cheese enchiladas, and hard/soft shell tacos with all the standard fillings + sides (chicken, steak, pork, rice, beans, cheese, sour cream).  They have a "guacamole sauce", which tasted kind of like a poor man's version of the guacatillo salsa from Chubby's.  I would've preferred more guacamole flavor, but that didn't stop me from slathering it on all 5 of my tacos.  Most of the food was very standard tex-mex, satisfying, but few things I would go out of my way to order if it wasn't a buffet.  I did enjoy the quesadilla, by the end deciding to stealthily add a couple pieces of chicken inside to make it even better.  There's also strawberry shortcake-looking dessert (pretty tasty), jello and fruits.  Service was strong, with my drink often refilled while I went up to get more food.  A manager came by a couple times also to make sure I was doing well.  The service combined with the incredible price point (seriously, how many buffets outside of Cici's are cheaper than $7?) makes this a 4 star joint that I could see myself returning to at some point.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,1/29/2014,102,64,2,11,5>The mall at Cary Towne Center is a relief from the much crowded and over-rated Crabtree mall. From the outside, Cary Towne Center does not look like it would a very big mall and actually appears to be a strip mall rather than a traditional mall. However do not let looks fool you. Cary Towne Center has a lot to offer inside and new stores are under construction including a new Dave and Busters Restaurant.Parking is never a problem, wide variety of stores, easy to walk, clean inside..... not much more you can ask for a mall. Honestly, I much rather go to CTC then deal with the parking and influx of people at Crabtree, CTC wins it for me.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,1/28/2014,36,95,16,7,7>There's something magical about this place.  Delicious food, great service, interesting ambiance in an old strip mall... I keep going back and it keeps getting better.  I hope this place stays in my life pho-ever!  No seriously; I'm pho-real... Aaaarrrrgh!  I can't stop with the pho-puns pho-sure.  The only thing that would make this place better is if everything on the menu was pho-dollars.I'll stop now...  just pho my readers... and so I can seek counseling pho my problems.  Somebody please pray pho me.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,11/13/2011,56,201,2,4,4>Hooray for Top of the Hill!  I'm glad to say our latest visit has restored my faith in our fair city's most iconic establishment.I'm not sure why my experiences here in April and June were so lackluster - was it the food and/or service?  Was I just nearing exhaustion at the end of another year of teaching 6th and 7th graders?  ...or should I just blame it on Mercury being retrograde?  ;-)Whatever the cause, the malaise has passed.  Top of the Hill is on top of its game, and I have nothing but the highest regard for it once again.Our most recent visit, a couple of Sundays ago, was just before the after-church rush.  Although there were lots of folks already there, we still were able to sit out on the patio and enjoy the morning breeze.  Our waiter (Drew H.) was prompt and very personable.  He was knowledgeable about the day's selections, and left us alone for *just* the right amount of time to make up our minds.My sweetheart started with the Goat Cheese Salad, which proved to be so tasty that I wound up helping her with more than just a 'taste.'  The greens were fresh, the vinaigrette was decent and there were ample white raisins and pecans to balance the also ample goat cheese.  (Really, I'm getting hungry right now just thinking about it!)  She followed this with the Wild Mushroom and Grit Cake, with shrimp.  ...and while I really enjoyed my Slow-Roasted Pulled-Pork Sandwich, I think she got the tastier meal.  I mean, I was getting embarrassed about how many extra 'tastes' I was sneaking off of her plate!  (Truth be told, she did enjoy a number of the Beer-Battered Fries that came with mine.)  By the way - their Iron Mine Ale is a wonderful adjunct to that pork sandwich!I'd like to say that our meal ended there - as we were by that time very pleasantly replete - but that was not to be, as some friends decided to treat us to dessert!  Robin had the Chocolate Bundt Cake - warm chocolatey goodness with vanilla ice cream in the middle, and lots and lots of chocolate sauce (and Crème Anglais).  To die for.  I actually found the chocolatey-ness a bit overwhelming, but she called it 'perfection.'  I had the Bread Pudding with Hot Buttered Rum Sauce and Golden Raisins.  Now, I am not from the South.  I've never really known why so many Southerners feel the way they do about bread pudding, but THIS one... THIS bread pudding just made a convert out of me!  It was absolutely outstanding (kudos to the dessert chef) and for me, the perfect way to finish this meal... along with a cup of coffee, which was in and of itself wonderful!  (Truly there's nothing worse than finishing a fine meal with a cup of third-rate coffee.  But this place brewed a pot of the good stuff!)I ate so much that frankly my eyes were glazed and I was *done* for the day.  But if I'm going to overdo it, THIS is the quality of food (and ambiance) that I want to do it with!  I am delighted to put The Top Of The Hill back on my favorites list!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,11/12/2011,50,82,,9,5>Improvement is an understatement.  This is a whole new vibe, feel, and overall culinary experience over its predecessor, Hi-5.  For those that had been to Hi-5, you're probably thinking that a 2 foot leap would have changed it dramatically, so considered this a 100 yard long jump.The venue looks great, feels less like a dungeon/forgotten sports bar.  My only criticism is the lighting, which can be a tad dark in certain areas.  We were at a long table by the bar, and one side needed the flashlight app on their phones to read the menu.  This could also be due to the dark printing on it as well, but either, mildly inconvenient.  Service is much improved.  Friendly, helpful, and punctual.  Our waitress helped us navigate some of the new options, as well as helped those that weren't as familiar with local beers to pick a brew that was close to a national brand that they enjoyed.  Anytime you launch a venue like this, that knowledge base is key, and they have definitely found a way to capture it.The food is lights out.  Well prepared, great use of local ingredients, and consistent throughout the courses.  We split the cheesy poofs, a well prepared pastry with brie and bacon.  It's bacon, so let's be honest, that goes great with anything, but the pastry wasn't doughy, or soggy.  I had the NC Bruschetta burger (brought a tear to my eye) and my wife had the Blue Devil.  Both burgers had a great flavor, ingredients were stacked well so you didn't need to dislocate your jaw to get a big bite, and the buns held up to the task of keeping it all together.  We both had tots as a side, and like bacon, these are seemingly impossible to mess up.  Fortunately, they kept up to that standard."But Tom, those burgers were both around $12 each?  Isn't that too much for a burger?"No, it's not if you're getting farm fresh ingredients that are expertly prepared.  Don't get me wrong, Mo Joe's still has my vote for best burger in town, but their price point matches the burger, and what I get for it.Bottom line: get over to Draft, get a burger, get an appetizer, save room for beer.  Support your local NC farmers and brewers and have fun doing it.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2011,11/11/2011,1,92,2,6,3>The food: I've eaten here 4 times.  The favorite is the butternut squash pizza - yummy.  I've also had some other fairly desent pizzas, and their lamb burger.  Straight off the menu the lamb burger is a bit boring, so you really have to try it with blue cheese.  Delicious!  The fries are pretty good too, as is the beer selection.  Overall 3.5 stars on the food. The atmosphere: Highly variable depending upon when you come.  It's a large open space so if there are more than a few people it can be very difficult to hear the person across from you. I love this place in the middle of the day (free WiFi, tons of space, cool and calm), but I HATE it during their evening shows.  The music is always tuned way too loud, and the "talent" can be painful at times.  The only redeeming aspect is watching the middle-aged white folk in their mom jeans, cowboy belts, and too-small tank tops wriggling around in front of the bar ("dancing" is what I imagine they would call it).  It's far more entertaining than the music itself.  Overall 2 to 4 stars, depending.The service: Best part of the place.  Every time I've been the servers have been extremely friendly, helpful, and even memorable (in the good way).  They seem honestly happy, not just trying to smile for the tip, which of course always makes me want to tip them more.  In my experiences they've been quick on the orders, quick on the bill, and present (without being overbearing) the entire way along.  Overall 5 stars.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2011,11/10/2011,8,158,4,12,6>I can't believe there are only a few reviews for Quail Ridge Books.I think they should have four stars for surviving the onslaught of mediocre McDonalds style Barnes and Nobel and Borders. I used to be a fan of those other chain bookstores until I realized patronizing them often chokes the smaller independent bookstores right out of business.I used to go to B&N and B because of the diversity and choice. Eventually B&N started to feel like a cheap dollar bookstore and Borders well, just lost their way under their own weight.But I always came back to Quail Ridge.Quail Ridge excels at the locavore stuff. Local writers, staff favorites make this a favorite place for me. I also love their cards and postcards as they are unique from most shops.They also sport a small CD collection. I don't' tend to thumb thru the cd's often when i visit though, too classically oriented. I'm more of a world music person. I think they should carry a few indie DVDS too.I usually make a bee line for the magazines as I can peruse titles not found elsewhere. And further back towards the bathroom, you can pick up free material, local rags, flyers and such to keep you up to date on local indie current affairs, which is cool.Oh yeah, the books. A little light on G&L subject matter, which is kinda surprising for an indie bookstore, but not surprising for a southern indie bookstore. Great selection on southern life books, and southern authors although a bit heavy on the white southern author side.Great History section as well.The Children's section seems to rank a strong presence right beside the adults with a very large area in the back. I have a friend who always, always goes to QR to buy books for baby showers here as she aways finds unusual books for great gifts.My only downer, is that after frequent visits, over many years, the staff are  very unfriendly, they are more stand-offish than a nun at a nudist beach. Hence 4 stars not 5.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,11/9/2011,152,347,10,8,5>The bubs and I are beginning to incorporate this into our sunday routine.Church + PFE = God loves us. This is one of the better authentic vietnamese restaurants in the area. This place has durian and fresh avocado smoothies. OH MANNNNNNNNNN!!!!!!!Okay, I don't care if you think I'm nasty for liking smelly durian but it is sooooo goood. Sure, it smells like feet trash, but when its in your mouth..it's delicious!!!!!!! If you are adventurous, you have to try it. If you are a chicken, then you suck. The avocado smoothies are also really good. My bubs have forbidden me to get the durian smoothie before..he may win once, but never TWICE. Getting it this Sunday. mwahahhaha!Their portions and HUGE. aka just enough. For under $10, and a satisfied stomach. You can't beat it.Their menu is big so you won't find something you don't like. I usually get the grilled shrimp and grilled pork vermicelli. It's so good. The fresh veggies, the soft vermicelli, the well-seasoned lightly charred shrimp and sweet marinated pork. All mixed together with this sweet chili fish sauce. A BOWL OF DELIGHT. The bubz gets the lemongrass chicken with vermicelli. He is not known to stick with one dish esp with such a huge menu. However, he has gotten that twice in a row. THAT SAYS SOMETHING.It's usually packed, but we never have trouble getting a seat within 5 minutes. They'll squeez a seat for you in the bathroom if they have to. Not that they will, but I'm trying to make a point. ;)The service have always been fast and friendly. A little unlucky if you get the older man who do not speak a word of english. Caution: He will pretend he knows what you are saying, but he doesn't. So if you are making special requests, please confirm with a guy who does know english! I learned this the hard way. CAN'T WAIT FOR SUNDAY !
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,11/8/2011,3,23,3,8,4>I took my parents out to ãn for lunch on the 2nd of March.My stepfather had the Diablo chicken, which was a massive tempura-battered chicken breast that came with a tangy, spicy sauce sprinkled with sesame seeds that he refused to partake of (but mom and I joyfully did, sooo goood).  Mom had the flounder fillet with steamed baby bok choy drizzled with what I think was oyster or fish sauce (I am going to ruthlessly filch that idea for my own, oh yes), and I had ãn's take on beef pho.Their "take" consisted of using filet mignon instead of a cheap cut of meat, adding a mysterious and delicious some-kind-of-chili-pepper-in-oil sauce to the typical lineup of sriracha and hoisin -- by the way, I would have eaten Mysterious Third Sauce with a spoon were it not for the very hot, very slow burn that came with it -- aaaaaaaaand omitting the paper thin slices of yellow onion that usually come with the condiment plate.Honestly, it was delicious, served properly (condiments on the side, unlike other places in the Triangle that put everything into the frigging broth except for the hoisin and the sriracha), and wasn't skimpy portion-wise at all. I'm not buying it again, though, as some of the things they did here to potentially attract the unadventurous Caryites didn't jive with me.Filet mignon swoons, clutches its pearls, and loses the will to taste good when menaced by hot liquid that isn't cooking oil or a finishing sauce. The only bites I got out of the meat that tasted like meat were the ones I got right after it was served -- when they were still steak tartare-stage. I ate all of the slices, because, well, I was going to get my money's worth, goddammit, but the heat of the broth cooked the thin, delicate meat instantly, and the flavor of the broth (which was conservatively spiced by the chef) overpowered the slices that I couldn't get to from the start.As for dessert, my stepdad had the molten chocolate cake, mom got the Vietnamese coffee creme caramel, and I got the ginger-passionfruit panna cotta with tapioca pearls.Let me say this:  I sincerely, sorely regret not going with my first instinct and getting the molten chocolate cake.  The two bites my stepdad allowed me to have before jealously guarding the rest of his prize dessert blew me away.Now, the dessert I had, which was a three-layer dealie consisting of tapioca pearls over ginger-passionfruit gel over panna cotta, would've been good had it been just panna cotta topped with ginger-passionfruit gel, or panna cotta topped with tapioca pearls. The gel and the tapioca wiped the flavor of the panna cotta out completely. Oh yeah, and the panna cotta was made with vanilla extract/flavoring, not vanilla bean. I don't know if it's some kind of psychosomatic illusion I'm buying into on my part, but to me, there is a difference in taste -- though this wouldn't even have been something I'd cared about had it not been for the other factors making this dessert less than enjoyable.These were the only real quibbles I had.  Everyone else's food was great!  My main dish was good, and the dessert was a miss for me.The service was excellent, and the restaurant itself was lovely.All that aside, yes, four stars in spite of my criticism.  This is definitely a quality restaurant, but everybody has weak points, and I know what menu items I'll be dodging next time around.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,11/7/2011,29,143,,7,4>Been here several times, and I almost every time I go, I get the fish tacos. I can't help it, I love them. So, when our whole family was in town to go to the Jimmy Buffett concert the following day, we decided to take them to Shuckers for some yummy seafood in a great atmosphere. We called ahead and made a reservation for 7 on a Monday night, and I am actually glad we did, since it was pretty crowded. I love when my favorite restaurants are crowded. Everyone ordered drinks and some of us got a couple of bottles of wine to share, and the I immediately knew it was going to be a good night when our server came back with the drinks pronto. He (I wish I could remember his name) was a great waiter with an outgoing personality but not too over the top. He made suggestions to everyone at the table about the menu (it is huge) and everyone ordered something different. I started with the Gumbo, and it was awesome. I could have used more heat, but overall it was delish. Others got salads with their meals, and everyone came out really fast, and very fresh. My Dad in law got the tuna appetizer and shared with the table, and it was really good. Nice sesame seed sear on it. Then came out the entrees. We had tilapia oscar, salmon, fish tacos, fillet oscar, scallops, king crab legs, and mahi mahi. Everyone LOVED their food, and we had a great time sharing wine and being semi loud enjoying our great food. My aunt got the crab legs and I told her to get the mac n cheese as her side, as it is ah-maz-ing. She abided, and she was happy she did, and of course I stole a couple of bites. I have never been disappointed at Shuckers, and this was by far my best experience. Their menu is huge with a lot of variety, and their prices are VERY reasonable. Thanks to our great server too :)
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,11/6/2011,61,185,,6,3>I went at the recommendation of fellow Yelpers and friends. The car needed a new distributor and spark plugs. I price shopped around town and felt I was getting gouged. Autobahn gave me a great price, so I got the car in ASAP! I met the owners and they were very nice, knowledgable, and took good care of my car. When Robert said the car would be done in at 11:00am, he MEANT it. I kid you not, at the stroke of precisely 11:00am, Erin was putting my keys back in my hand! I was very pleased with the work done and will continue to use Autobahn!
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,11/5/2011,6,64,3,10,6>I've never gotten anything waxed before (except eyebrows and that was only one time) and I went in for a bikini, eek! But it was great! There are a lot of places around that provide this service, but I chose the Wax and Relax Room because it was five dollars cheaper than all the other places I found in Cary. I know, only five bucks, but when gas prices are like they are five bucks is a steal. I'm going back in three weeks!
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,11/4/2011,59,237,2,12,7>Peruvian cuisine is quite the unusual combination of other familiar ethnic foods.  You have ceviches, interesting veggie, meat, and spice mixes, and the famous potato.  Bet you didn't know that Peru was the birth place of the potato.  Knowledge bomb on your head.  Well, MachuPicchu Peruvian Cuisine Restaurant does all the homeland dishes justice with a large helping of fantastic service and family.We came with another couple on a random Wednesday night and were served by the fabulous George.  He was super patient with us and thoroughly explained each dish we questioned in addition to making great recommendations.  The extremely kind chefs (wife and husband team) came out twice to check on us and our food.  We felt the love!As for the food and wine.  We started out with a nice Argentinan Cabernet Sauvignon ($14, steal) and a complimentary snack.  Forgive me if it was a Peruvian delicacy, but they were akin to beer nuts.  Tasty and extremely addictive.  We went through several bowls. For appetizers, we ordered the trio of ceviches.  All three varieties were enjoyed, but the traditional ceviche was definitely the standout.  The seafood seemed very fresh and the marination just right.  Plus, the potato made its first guest appearance; a sweet potato garnish.  Sounds weird, but it worked.For a main course, we split the Lomo Saltado, which was a stir fry of filet mignon, onions, tomatoes, peppers served with rice and fried potatoes (you knew they would show up again).  I have seen many restaurants claim to use filet in dishes only to sub-out with a less pricey cut, but not here.  Tender, tender, tender.  I agree with the menu when it said that the Lomo Saltado was a 'flagship of Peruvian gastronomy'.  We also ordered a side of the Solterito Arequipeño Salad.  An awesome mix of veggies (can't remember them all), cheese, and dressed with a splash of citris.  Summer in a bowl.  We were going to pass on dessert, but when we heard that they made there own ice cream with a popular fruit from Peru (lucuma fruit, a maple flavor), we couldn't help ourselves.  We made the right decision.  The ice cream was one of the better I have had.  Creamy and rich with an interesting background flavor from the lucuma.  We also sampled the Mazamorra Morada, which was sent out gradis from the kitchen (I told you they were nice).  Puddings are normally not in my wheel house, especially something made with purple Peruvian corn, but this stuff was the heat.  I can't really explain the flavor or consistency other than 'it was really good'.All in all, a fab experience.  If you are looking to try something new or just looking for great service and a family atmosphere, MachuPicchu should be on your list.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,12/13/2012,3,23,6,13,3>My boyfriend and I waltzed in here on a cool Wednesday night.  I began my meal with the vegetable spring rolls; he began his with the sweet potato, leek and apple soup.  Love at first bite?  I think so.  The rolls were prepared to perfection.  And the SOUP.  Sweet-savory, the apple dice were little explosions of caramelized goodness, all set off by an artistically drizzled splash of basil oil.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.Dinner for him was the beef gungjung tteokbbokki, which is a dish centered around cylindrical rice dumplings that are stir-fried in a spicy red sauce, and served alongside strips of marinated beef (bulgogi) and various vegetables.  It had a pleasant kick and was overall delicious, though to us, the texture of the rice dumplings took some getting used to.Dinner for me was the beef ssam with three sides.  Beef ssam is Korean-style lettuce wraps featuring bulgogi, pickled cabbage, pickled onions (I think?), kimchi (which is fermented pickled vegetables) and rice, along with a sauce I wasn't familiar with but greedily slathered on everything, even though I probably wasn't supposed to.  Overall, the experience was incredible. I'm going to take my parents here when I get the opportunity.I would like to end this with a bit of a rant... my boyfriend and I got to watch a middle-aged man and his girlfriend/wife throw what could only qualify as a temper tantrum because they were told that they'd have a ten-minute wait.  (I've mentally dubbed them "Huffy" and "Puffy.")Komo Komo is not a large restaurant; it seats maybe thirty people. Sure, there were a number of empty tables, but the number of empty tables don't indicate that the restaurant is capable of supporting that many customers at any given moment.  Especially not in a family-owned, made-to-order, gourmet restaurant on a weeknight.If, dear reader, you're the kind of person who's liable to flip out over being told to wait when you've waltzed into a restaurant without making a reservation, being told you'll have to wait a few minutes to get a table is not a tragedy, nor is it a mark of bad customer service.  Trust their judgement on this one and you'll be well rewarded. If you aren't -- ignore the naysayers and give this place a go.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,12/12/2012,100,280,,9,6>Well priced for decent food and a nice environment.  The location of DD&N is a bit awkward as it's located near NC State and also a roundabout.  I've been to DD&N around 7-10 times.The food has authentic flavors and is nicely presented.  You can usually see David wandering about and he often comes to tables and asks you about the food.  I find the food delicious and he tries to pull dishes ranging from southern China/Vietnam to Thailand and even a couple of northern Chinese dishes.  But it's all a bit Westernized, which is fine.I recommend their mushroom and edamame "dumplings".  These are almost like buns, so please don't expect tradition dumplings or potstickers.  Their seafood noodle soup is usually a simple, filling dish.  I have to say that one time I got some bad scallops.  I did not make a big deal out of it and discretely told the waitress.  But she seemed a bit...aloof?  So I wonder if she relayed the message to the kitchen.Overall, a solid, not too pricey option for a nice date night or just a slightly upscale dinner atmosphere without the upscale price tag.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,12/11/2012,73,116,2,6,5>So today i found myself on spring forest rd and i thought hey it's Tuesday and you know what that means...99cent Hotdogs at Snoopy's . so i pull into the parking lot trying to spot the inside line as I'm driving so I'll know what I'm dealing with once i go in to order. to my surprise the line wasn't that bad so i wait my turn and order some dogs with the works.the place was packed by the time i turned around to wait for my order, so i guess i got there right  before the rush hour hit. but in a nutshell Snoopy's is as the sign says a "Raleigh original" and hopefully it will be here for years to come. i love this place for two reasons great food ,great service and the price is definitely right too.i guess that's really three reasons...hmmm...but anyway get out and get sum Snoopy's, you can thank me later.lol
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,12/10/2012,69,245,,7,3>We got the fat tucker and split it. The sandwich was loaded with pork patty and more pork + apples and delicious cheese. The patty was moist and the bun was just right. the apple slices stuck in t here made it refreshing and not too heavy of a sandwich/burger. Unfortunately, that was all i had but it has left me wanting more!
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,12/9/2012,135,254,,12,3>"Excellent Korean lunch buffet in a strip-mall in southeast Durham"I should preface my review by saying:1) I don't know Korean food at all (aside from the Bulkogi taco truck and kim-chee from a jar), and2) I've only ever been here for the lunch buffet (twice).But, both times, both I and my dining companions left very full and very happy.  The buffet is not huge (two tables-- one hot, one cold), but literally every item on it is quite tasty to me, even the purple rice at the very beginning that you use for the bi bim bap.  The salad with ginger dressing is very tasty.  Several of the vegetable dishes in the cold section are pickled and spicy, in a good way, including the kim-chee.The hot dishes, including the beef bulkogi (I don't eat pork, so didn't try that), were also great-- meat was tender and flavorful.  Like the other reviewers, I also really liked the vegetable tempura.  The spicy beef and onion soup was absolutely outstanding in its spice/ flavor combination-- I was full and had to force myself NOT to go back for seconds.  The tofu dishes were good (even if mushy), as was the fish (even though they were a little freaky with the heads still on them).Finally, the service was excellent-- no plate sat obviously empty for than a minute, no cup ever got to the point of being empty, and no selection on the buffet was ever "gone" without having been replaced within a couple of minutes.  The one poor person working there seemed harried to keep up, but to her credit, she DID keep up, both times.The only trivial negative I could think of (after trying to come up with one with my dining companions the second time) is that there's no real "dessert" there, aside from some fruit on the buffet (watermelon) and the standard hard-candy-mint by the door for breath.Price is ~$11, which isn't cheap, but this pays for a really good quality buffet of food that seems to have been made fresh, and really good service.  Again, I'm no Korean-food expert, but I'm quite happy with this as a lunch option.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2012,12/8/2012,81,795,3,6,5>Wings is a cute little cafe decorated in a color scheme bright enough to make sure you don't forget it or maybe forget if you were in a bad mood when you came in.I've been here twice and both times have been way beyond pleased.  The menu has an impressive variety: wraps, salads, chicken, burgers, wings (of course) and a couple of Korean food options:  bulgogi and bibimbop to round things out.On my first visit I ordered the special of the day, a patty melt, and have to say . . . it was pretty d*** good. It was so good I could almost feel the arteries clogging as I slogged through it.   While I waited for my food, the hostess came around and offered the customers a sample of the Bulgogi.  It wasn't a huge piece, but was enough for me to tell myself to get a full order on my next visit.  My dining companion, on the other hand, ordered the teriyaki wings and was underwhelmed.  They looked dry and overcooked to me and from what he mentioned, they were.  Maybe the cook was having an off day with the wings.The next visit to Wings led me to try the Bulgogi burger -- completely ignoring my own earlier decision to try the Bulgogi cafe special instead.  Like the previous visit, the burger was great.  It tasted like an ordinary burger, although the seasoning in the cheese sauce had a nice, but mild, flavor.   Overall, I wasn't disappointed.  Two visits in a row; two great burgers.  But next time I'll try the Bulgogi.If there's one word of advice I could offer: if you order a burger, unless you're really hungry, get a to-go box or ask them to cut it in half.  The burgers are gigantic.Oh . . .and Wings has Cheerwine (awesome) in the soda machine.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,12/7/2012,146,187,2,4,5>I am not a fast food do-er. But, Cookout has made me a cheater. Sorry dine ins, sometimes we need a little break.And it's open uber late! Their burgers are juicy, perfectly fast foodsy in a delicious way. And it's not a patty thinner than a pancake! I tried the cheeseburger with bacon and onions, Cajun fries which were not so Cajun and the come back, banana pudding milkshake! OH EM GEE! Their milkshakes definitely bring me to their yard.My eyes lit up brighter than the sign I was looking at. Line was long but I only waited 6 minutes. Way to go! Total success. Buddy who told me about this deserves a high five!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,12/6/2012,6,72,8,6,4>I really don't want to write this review, and here's why.  Because people are going to read it and then they're gonna want to eat at Acme and it's going to be even harder for me to get a table when I go. So, if you promise you won't eat there when I'm planning to, I'll write the darned review.Acme is one of my favorite restaurants in Carrboro/Chapel Hill. I think Elaines on Franklin and Lantern are a notch above and I like Crook's Corner an awful lot, but Acme is right up there. I'm giving it five stars, and you can see that I reserve that ranking for special places.Acme serves New South food with a large, stocked bar and a wonderful, warm dining room in downtown Carrboro. Last night for dinner, I had grilled pork chops, sweet potatoes and collard greens. Now, this is something that my mother or my grandmother would have cooked for dinner, but when Kevin Callaghan cooks it, it is somehow a totally different experience. I inhaled it.Heck, I didn't even know I liked collards until I moved to Chapel Hill and had them prepared by the best!My wife had pork shoulder and loved every bite. We never have anything that is less than splendid and we eat there often.Kevin is also an amazing writer, as it turns out. You can check out Acme's website, but I would suggest that you subscribe to Kevin's e-mail updates if you like good writing. He can tell stories about food that bring back fabulous memories of growing up in the South.They have a great patio out back with propane heaters in the fall.So, eat at Acme Food & Beverage Company if you must, but check with me first. OK?Don't make me regret this. . .
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,12/5/2012,31,93,14,12,8>Shopping at Food World is like entering a curious museum of alien delicacies at rock-bottom prices. Picture a Food Lion but with every aisle representing a different region's favorite comfort foods. The airspace above the produce section is occupied by 40-50 pinatas; they are for sale, not for decoration. Unpacked boxes lie around everywhere. An overhead sign proclaims the first aisle Mexican. The second aisle is Argentinian. The third aisle is West Indian and African. The other side of the store holds aisles with Korean and Chinese flags flying above them. Taking something home with you here is like playing the lotto: you might find a new staple, or you might open the Korean version of the Pringle.Food World is also the home of Taqueria Eva y Gaby. Eva and Gaby make the second best authentic torta in Raleigh-Durham (narrowly edged out by Los Comales). It's cash only, they are visibly grateful if you order in spanish, and you can take away or you can eat your tacos at a picnic table set up in the frozen foods section. Take a date. You can learn a lot about a girl by how she reacts to a place like this.Food World is not for everyone. You need to be aware of your surroundings in the parking lot. If you make your bed with decorative pillows, stick to Harris Teeter. (Seriously. Don't go to Food World.) But if you have backpacked through Vietnam or you go climbing twice a week, you are going to wonder why your cool friends didn't know about this place. You might even find yourself asking your next date to go for tortas.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,12/4/2012,85,151,4,1,7>In the words of Joey from Blossom: "Whoa!" This place is huge if you have any need for any type of hair product and I do mean any type you need to go here.  But I must warn you, this place is not for beginners.  If you aren't sold on what type of hair care product you need or what type of hair weave you want to sew in, take yourself to Youtube and educate yourself.  If you don't you will easily buy up the place.You've been warned!
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,7/29/2014,79,107,1,8,5>I am quickly becoming a Tasu sushi regular. Although BOGO is becoming more and more popular, this place had an extensive list of sushi rolls that give you a great variety. The fish is always so fresh tasting and even when it is busy you rarely have to wait as the place is fairly large. My favorite rolls are the Florida and the Special Maguru. The Florida is topped with avocado and a dot of Siracha to give a hint of spice. The Speical Maguru is tuna and scallops topped with more tuna and spicy mayo. They both are so tasty! I have tried a handful of other rolls and have never been disappointed.The only thing I caution is that they don't split checks which makes it a challenge with a large group and if someone orders more expensive rolls it can get tricky.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,7/28/2014,170,196,2,8,2>I think Crafty is a welcomed addition to Five Points, especially if you live in the area. I visited with some friends who lived right up the street, and it was great to be able to walk over and grab a beer. It's conveniently located near Lilly's Pizza, so grab a 6pk and a pizza and you have the perfect night!Crafty is not huge, but decorated nicely. They have couches to lounge on, and a nice bar to sit at, which is a plus. Comparing it to my all time favorite bottle shop, Bottle Rev, this place doesn't come close to being as good. They have less of a selection and their pints are much more expensive. I'd frequent again if in the area with friends, but would never go to Crafty on my own accord. I'd recommend this place to anyone who lived in Five Points and were looking for convenience, but if you want to save a few dollars, it might be worth the drive to try someplace else.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,7/27/2014,52,125,3,6,4>When I entered door, the first thing I saw was an apple fritter...Oh my this thing was so good...I could not eat it all, so I cut in half for my fam to fight over.  It's crunchy, yet moist, sweet, gooey and full of apples.  I also got 1/2 dozen of assorted donuts..The donuts are huge and reasonably priced. I love all things lemon and their lemon curd filled donut is divine.  So hurry, go get a dozen, rush home and make a pot of coffee or tea, coconut or almond milk for the kids and enjoy donuts from Baker's Dozen! There's something for everyone here..
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,7/26/2014,36,193,7,7,4>I'm dining alone for my birthday breakfast as a treat to myself, so I'll give you the play by play.Arrived at 8:30 on a Friday, and I was the only patron. They'd been open for an hour already. I don't know if they had a rush for to go coffees, but I doubt it. The server was sweet and attentive (ha, I was her only customer!). The chai latte was just barely warm and almost no flavor. I truly make a better one at home, for a small fraction of the $4.99 this lackluster baby cost. The place is cute--country kitchen tables, mixed with some not-too-fancy chandeliers and flowy divider curtains. Definitely up my alley in decor.My order arrived promptly (again, I'd hope so!). The side of cheddar covered potatoes could feed 2-3! They were quite good. Not soggy, a perfect amount of crisp without being burnt. I did add a bit of pepper. The single simple strawberry crepe did not disappoint! It was light and airy, and packed with fresh strawberries. You could taste a hint of maple syrup, but it was not too sweet. Definitely delicious, and I will definitely return. Set in a cute little village. Kind of yuppie. Okay, really yuppie, but I like a little bit of yup every now and then!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,7/25/2014,38,71,4,8,6>The Bynum Beach Road, Haw River Access Area is a hidden treasure off the highway for locals and visitors alike.  And just to be clear, this isn't a beach per se, although there is access to the river off of Bynum Beach Road. The location clearly indicates that, but there are sandy areas along the riverside that resemble small beach areas. This is absolutely a prime spot for wildlife and nature photographers. I also want to point out that there is a much better point of access on highway 15-501, with public parking for visitors and direct access to the waterfall levee, so there is no need to access this section of the Haw River at Bynum Beach Road. Someone else listed this access point name as the original access point for this particular area of the Haw River, but there are other options available. With a beautiful waterfall point, you can visit to take photos, kayak, canoe, fish, boat, hike or just sit by the river and watch the snakes resting on the rocks or the beavers making dams. Yes, we have seen beaver dams in the area along the river, as well as snakes, (see attached photos), but if you leave them alone, they will leave you alone. It's great to just watch and enjoy. Be careful, be smart, be enthusiastic, and you will have a good time. Be negative, and all you will see are negative things. It's the glass is half full mentality versus the glass being full. I choose the latter. There is a point near the waterfall embankment where you can see the levee pumping area. There is some trash in the area left behind by campers and fishermen on occasion, but it is minimal. I wish people would be better about picking up after themselves, but for the most part, the area is in great condition. When visiting, bring mosquito repellent if you are going to be out for a long time, especially during the summer months. Also, wear sturdy shoes, as the paths are not entirely cleared with walkways. It is more like a trail that leads down to the water. Along the bank. You can enjoy walking around and listen to the sound of the embankment waterfall. It is really a beautiful sight. If you are a bird enthusiast, bring along a birding book, because you will spot and hear a few birds in the area. This is definitely a great spot for photo opportunities, so bring along a camera as well, especially one with a good zoom lens.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,7/24/2014,36,110,4,8,4>When I move to a new town or city there are a few things that I must find before I finally feel like a part of the city. I moved to Durham 10 months ago and have been in search of a breakfast place since then. I only eat out for breakfast on Saturday mornings, but I love a place that is simply but has some great tasting food and coffee. Well finally I made my way down to Monuts, and the search is over.First of all I love Donuts, and Monuts has some of the best tasting Donuts I have ever had. I tried two the first time I went, the first being an Apple Cider Donut. The Apple Cider one tasted like something from the State Fair (Elephant Ear, which in my family is a great thing). While I really only wanted one, as I was getting a biscuit as well, I had to also try the  Strawberry and Sprinkles Donut. You can tell that they use actual Strawberries in the frosting, and it was extremely good.I also ordered a biscuit. I was a little worried as they said no substitutions and it had hash browns on it which I do not like. I figured I would still give it a shot as everything else on it sounded great and I could pick off the hash browns. I am glad I did as this thing was good, and the hash browns, which were homemade, put it over the top. I am now counting down the days until Saturday so that I can go again.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2014,7/23/2014,75,120,4,7,5>Babylon is the most beautiful restaurant I have ever been to!!First off, I just HAVE to come back during the summer and sit out on their gorgeous, paradise-like patio by the fountain.Thanks to Triangle Restaurant week, I had the opportunity to try Babylon with a couple of my old coworkers. Their cocktail list is my favorite thus far. Well-paired combos that are tasty and fruity and creative. However, they do not make real sangria. I peeked over at the bartender while she was making it: red wine, pineapple juice, orange juice, RED BULL (?!), some squeezed orange and lime slices. Bleh, not even worth finishing. But the first cocktail I had was a pear something that was delicious. The mussels appetizer was very flavorful and light in a tasty sauce I wanted to drink up (but I refrained). My salmon entree was so good. Bold, bold, bold flavors that do not bore my taste buds. The only con was that my salmon was a touch dry. The biggest "but" was my dessert. The TRW menu described a pistachio brownie with a chocolate sauce served in a shot glass. What I received was a too-sweet brownie with no pistachios in sight or taste with peppermint studded on top and a small, messy puddle of chocolate sauce next to it. It was horrible presentation and not what I was expecting. I gave the chef the benefit of the doubt and assumed that since it was almost closing time, they got lazy. But if only there was ONE pistachio in that brownie, I would've been a happy camper.Despite that dessert mishap, Babylon's got some great flavors going on and the decor totally wins me over. I will be back fo sho.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,7/22/2014,49,212,4,11,7>I have driven past this place at least 100 times and never gave it any thought to stop in I just though wow creepy dark corner with a shady buffet; sounds like the perfect place to get food cancer.  This is not the case, I came here for the Chinese New Year and the food I had was absolutely amazing.  The first thing people have to realize is that there is a Buffet, but also there is a separate restraunt that is a sit down place just go ahead and skip the buffet I am fully confident that it is nowhere close to being worth the time or money that you'll have just sitting down.  While there I tried, the Soup Buns, Scallion Pancakes, tofu in chili sauce, Cumin Lamb, Chilled Beef Shank, A wrap whose name eludes me, chrysanthemum tea all amazing, and flavorful.  I will defiantly go back when the craving hits for more authentic Chinese fare.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,7/21/2014,401,126,6,18,10>Triangle fixed a cracked Galaxy screen, a crushed iPhone, and my frustration over both, in approximately 30 minutes. With my brand new YouTube education in cell phone screen replacement, I thought I could probably replace my Galaxy screen if I had both the time and patience but I was running short on both. However, I was convinced that no one could fix my iPhone. In my gloomy Eeyore state after losing numerous photos, contacts, text messages, you name it, I decided to leave the Galaxy screen replacement task to a pro.I originally went to Cellaris in Cary Town Center but since they don't repair Galaxys yet (they will in a few weeks) they referred me (NOT to the shop in the same mall) to Triangle because they do quality work at very reasonable prices. I made my way to the Triangle shop which is located behind Harris Teeter on the corner of Edwards Mill and Duraleigh. I brought my Galaxy in and was told by Zack that it could be fixed within the hour. I was still wary after reading Yelper horror stories about phone repair bootleggers, bushwhackers and data crooks at other shops so I stepped outside to do a factory reset before handing over my Galaxy. I wasn't planning to have my iPhone repaired but while my Galaxy was in the back being fixed, I showed Nick my crushed iPhone with shards of glass, all sealed in a ziplock sandwich bag, and he was convinced that he could fix it in 20 minutes.I was skeptical. The front and back were bowing, and the screen was blank except for some lines running through it. Neither the Apple store nor AT&T could recover anything from my phone because it had a password lock, even if I told them the password. Nick was still convinced he could fix it and said he wouldn't charge me anything unless he could, so I let him have at it. I waited and watched Nick disappear with my iPhone. Over the next 30 minutes, several customers came in with various requests: buy phones, sell phones, repair broken screens. Nick was friendly and professional with every customer. Then, he brought my Galaxy out with a brand new factory screen. Good as new. I'm not impressed, yet. The Galaxy had relatively minor spidering on the screen and was still functioning perfectly before I brought it in. I'm pleased though; mission one accomplished. Next, he brought my iPhone out. Well, my previous iPhone train wreck was now sporting brand new (factory!) parts. It looked liked a new phone. Well, it looked great and I could see the dead battery symbol...but would it really work? After charging it for several minutes, what did I see? A beautiful white shiny apple and then...my password lock screen! YAY!!! I'm in and it is working perfectly. No battery or performance issues, even after a full charge and full day of use. NOW I'm impressed. Mission two accomplished. Fast, courteous, professional. Quality repairs at reasonable prices. 5-stars and Triangle has earned every one.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,7/20/2014,19,161,2,4,2>I was taken here for a celebration Sunday brunch with a group of friends. We were kindly greeted at the door and the staff was very accommodating to let us switch tables because the sun was shining in our eyes. I could see how blinds might be a good idea for some of the windows. Our waitress was friendly and efficient. We helped ourselves to the brunch buffet. So much to choose from! Made to order egg stations as well as pancake/waffle/french toast stations with tons of toppings to pick from. The buffet included everything from salmon and shrimp to salads, desserts, fruit and a station to make your own s'mores. A huge variety. Came to $18 per person and that did not include drinks. Not too shabby for the descent quality and unlimited amount of food. I'd do it again.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,7/14/2011,104,463,4,10,3>Gang, I wanted to add on to my previous review because we have been back to Yamazushi several times since our first visit.First, and maybe most importantly, this place is $$$ on Yelp. The tasting menus are $45 per person. If you are spending less than $30, then you are either a) not eating enough b) have the appetite of a bird c) don't have tastebuds. The food here is delicious, but if you want to truly enjoy your Yamazushi experience without regrets, save up. I want to be very clear on this because right now it has a consensus $$ and I don't want you to be confused, surprised, or disappointed. Make no mistake though -- the experience is worth every penny of your hard earned money.On our first return visit, I was greeted by name by the hostess/waitress. She had seen my review *blush* and was very thankful that I had said sweet things about them. They were truly all deserved and the fact that she recognized me instantly proves the service and family atmosphere is legitimate and honest.We have lucked out not calling ahead on weekdays, but I suspect it might be getting busier at Yamazushi if only by looking at all the recent reviews here on Yelp. Moral of the Story: think about calling ahead, especially if you have more than 4 in your party. FYI: I'm not sure how they would accommodate groups larger than 6 or 8 given the restaurant size.We've tried many dishes now and I've never had anything I didn't like. On our last visit, I noticed they have a 10 course (!) tasting meal that is $85 per person but that you need to call several days in advance. Sounds fun!!!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,7/13/2011,66,252,3,8,3>Amazing Chicago dogs right here in Raleigh, NC! Who'da thunk? Today I was just feelin' a Chicago dog and missin' my baby sister up there in Chi town. Yelp to the rescue! I searched for the Chicago dog and what did we find? - Cloo's! We rolled in and were quickly greeted and welcomed. We ordered our dogs, fries, and my diet Coke and headed outside to sit on the patio. The fries came out quickly, and were thin and crunchy. The diet Coke came with the previously noted "crushed ice" - which was so wonderful! Then we did wait about 10 minutes for our hot dogs - however - they were totally worth every second we waited! We had the "Anthony Bourdain" recommended Chicago dogs in Chicago, and these were just as good! Anytime I am craving a great hot dog, fries, and some crushed ice - I will be back!
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,7/12/2011,194,183,7,12,5>After seeing some of the five-star Yelp reviews on this place, we decided to give it a try.  Tokyo House serves both Japanese and Thai cuisine.  I got the ramen, my friend got the pad thai, and we shared the Minwoo and Scary Jerry rolls.My ramen was decent.  Not too salty as it tends to be at other restaurants and the noodles were chewy and not stuck together in a ball.  The broth was really flavorful.  Yum.  The pad thai was very meh.  I'd probably order from the Japanese side of their menu rather than the Thai side from now on.Now to the highlight of our meal - the sushi rolls.  The Minwoo roll was amazing.  The fish was super fresh and the flavor explosion in the mouth was such a pleasant surprise.  I'm generally an au natural type of girl when it comes to sushi - I usually get straight up sashimi rather than the rolls - but Tokyo House's specialty rolls really hit the spot.  We found out later that the Minwoo roll is named after TH owner's son.    If I had a sushi roll named after me, I would want it to be as awesome-tasting as this one.  Just saying.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2011,7/11/2011,64,264,4,4,3>Great venue to see a show, play, or concert. I've only been here once, recently, to see the The Lion King musical and I was impressed by the no-frills modern and open ambience. Even with "nosebleed" seats in the top balcony, we still had a decent view of the stage and the acoustics were excellent.With a packed house, what improved the experience even more so was the clockwork-like organization on the part of the theatre staff. As Christina G mentioned, they prepare you for the event beforehand by sending out a reminder email several days prior, including information about possible heavy traffic and parking. They also noted that latecomers would only be seated at the next available break in the performance, which prompted us to actually arrive with 15 minutes to spare instead of 'late as usual'. We were directed to our seats efficiently, both at the front doors and at the balcony doors, and during a very brief intermission, there were multiple restroom ushers helpfully directing people (where to line up, when to advance, which bathroom stalls were available...they even handed you paper towels after washing your hands). Precision-like organization that a woman who is 162nd in line for the restroom -during a 10 minute break- can appreciate!A lot of great shows seem to be featured at DPAC, so I am sure that I will be back again soon for another enjoyable theatre experience.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,7/10/2011,74,201,,6,4>Great breweries have a great vibe and Lonerider has just that.  Tucked away in an industrial office complex, this place is a hidden hangout.  Beer and cornhole.  What more do you  need?  Prices are awesome and Valentino's food truck is usually parked there just in case you're feeling a little hungry.  What's awesome is that they make some of their food with Lonerider beer! They have an indoor and outdoor area.  Awesome for days with good weather.  Seating is a little limited, so be prepared to stand.  They also sell t-shirts, beer mugs, pint glasses and growlers!
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2010,7/9/2011,70,246,3,9,4>We went to Bosphorus after Triangle Uncorked, so it was about 6pm and I worried it might be full with a dinner crowd, but surprisingly there was only 1 table occupied in this small restaurant.  There really wasn't a whole lot of seating, just about 12 tables or so, but they were nice roomy booths.  I believe there's also seating around the outside, but it was very hot outside and getting dark so I don't think anyone was out there.  With paper tablecloths and a mishmash of Turkish touristy stuff on the walls, my first impression was that it might be just a cheap cafe not worth my time. I ordered Ayran, the yogurt drink as a beverage.  I've always liked yogurt drink with my meals, though normally I order the sweeter ones, like mango lassi.  This one didn't have any sweetness to it other than the natural dairy sweetness.   They also brought out some sesame bread to the table with some spicy oil for dipping.  I liked the bread, it made a very nice snack after all that wine at the festival.  Then we ordered Cigar Bourek (feta wrapped in filo dough) for an appetizer and Lamb Shish Kebab and Ali Nazik for entrees.The cigar bourek was served hot with a marinara dipping sauce.  It was crunchy and yummy and my husband and I both liked it very much. The entrees came out soon afterwards.  I was amazed by the size of the entrees.  After looking at the take-out menu afterward I found that they do offer entrees in a "small" and "large" size, but in the menu they didn't state this.  I'm going to assume we both received the large size of our entrees.The salad wasn't terrific, but went well with the small bit of cucumber sauce.  Cucumber sauce (raita, tzatziki, cacik) has always been one of my favorite things in the whole world to eat, so that tiny little pot of it wasn't nearly enough.  The bulgur pilaf was richly flavored and was a good match for the rest of the meal.  Then I got to the lamb.  It was probably the best lamb I've ever had in my life.  If lamb had an equivalent to filet mignon, this would be it.  It was perfectly cooked on the outside, warm and tender and moist on the inside.  The meal was so big that I had enough leftovers for lunch the next day, and it was almost as good reheated. My husband's Ali Nazik wasn't nearly as good as my own entree, having tasted the meat and found it closer to hamburger than my own lamb filet mignon.  But I was jealous that he got so much more delicious yogurt sauce than I did.  His side dishes were very tasty. Despite appearances, the food here was really quite good.  I didn't even know if I'd like Turkish food or not, but it seemed like the perfect blend between Greek and Middle-eastern flavors.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2010,7/8/2011,89,301,,6,6>Okay-in reality I am giving this a 3.5 but am bumping it up to 4 to account for the awesomeness of being served by a girl wearing a fedora.  Woot.This place has a really nice, friendly vibe.  The staff are hard working and so friendly.  I expected them to break out into song and dance of Shiny Happy People they seemed so earnest about their sandwich prep.I love that old 70s funky wall paper and the coziness of the deli and the outdoor seating but it is limited so a lot of orders are to go.  The wait for our sandwiches was about 15-20 for 3 hot sandwiches which seemed to be a bit long by deli standards but these people were working it and they were toasted and very fresh.  I really liked that all the ingredients were shaved and thin so I could eat them daintily without a big blob falling out on my lap.  So-why am I at a 3.5?  The lack of vegetarian items.  Again, one can get a grilled cheese type sandwich which should just be a gimme rather than a feature. The other veggie had Pureed Tuscan-style white beans with roasted carrots, wilted spinach, & pickled red onion on rye.   A nice change from spout driven sammies but I would love to have more variety.  It might not be a bad idea to at least have one veggie special a day or just add a cold veggie sandwich to the line up.  Also-why so much rye?  My husband had the rueben and liked it but said it didn't knock his socks off.  He liked Sandwhich better but for me, I would rate this higher.  The food is prepared with love and cool-@ss hats.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,7/7/2011,236,354,1,7,5>Met up with 4 girlfriends for an early dinner tonight.  1/2 off Sushi every day from 4 - 6:3pm.  Really?!?  I couldn't miss it, especially when I'd been dying to check this place out.  Apparently they have tons of other specials on wine, pints, lunch, and so on as well.  They had a great selection of martinis, wine, and beer, but I stuck with ice water.  It's a small little place on Glenwood, but the decor is so classy.  Well dressed and beautiful people coming and going.  I'm telling you -- it was busy, the whole time and people were happy and loving it!  I ordered the T-Rex roll off the Specialty Menu.  It had clam, some kind of fish, rice, seaweed, a spicy sauce, and baked egg on top.  So good!  The dinosaur had me grinning and fiercely ravishing those rolls.  Superb sushi!  My friend and I also shared a "cup" of the Seafood Egg Drop Soup.  Mind you, this cup was big enough for us to each have 3 small bowls.  The soup is a traditional Chinese soup stewed with shrimp, imitation crab meat, and egg.  Spice!  They forgot to mention that it had some serious spiciness to it!!!  So hot and good though.  Just what I needed on a cold January evening.  O, o, it's magic at Sushi O.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,7/5/2011,42,116,2,6,4>I went to the Rialto at the behest of my husband for Rocky Horror. He loves Rocky Horror. I am meh. That is love-me going to see Rocky Horror at midnight. The theater is great. Swooping seats that are cozy, beer and wine served, (though not at Rocky Horror due to under agers) and non Big Chain movies. I will definitely be back, but not at midnight. I need my rest.It is a cash only environment, and parking can be sparse, but it is worth it.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2011,7/4/2011,74,57,2,8,6>Fireflies, fairy lights, and old time music on a summer's eve. That's what you'll find at the Bynum Front Porch music series on Fridays, June through August. Though the general store closed several years ago, the charming old post office and sundry shop is still the gathering place for music lovers of all ages. Bring a chair (or a kind volunteer will set one out for you) and sit back while a band entertains you from 7-9 p.m. I saw the Wehutty Mudpuppies this week--a great old time string band that had young and old dancing on the lawn. See the summer lineup here: bynumfrontporch.org/inde…It's an alcohol-free event (though I did notice some folks discretely drinking malt beverages from travel mugs). There's also a food truck or two with hot dogs, barbecue, and ice cream.Go back to a sweet, simpler time and check out the Bynum Front Porch Series. It's good old-fashioned fun.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,5/8/2013,67,240,2,7,7>After wanting to give Mystery Brewing a try for oh so long (sampling their brews at the World Beer Festival simply was not enough), I bought a LivingSocial deal for their brewery tour to "make" myself go (ok, I've let more than my fair share of LivingSocial deals expire without using them, but I didn't let that happen this time around!). Bottom line, Erik Lars Myers (Mystery's founder and head brewer) is an awesome guy with a lot of local pride, and thus it is not surprising that Mystery Brewing is also quite awesome. It's clear that Erik knows what he's doing when it comes to brewing and is very passionate both about his craft and NC beers, and that all comes through when he's giving the tour and talking about his brewery. The brewery itself is small and quaint, and thus it will be more than nice when their permanent taproom opens. They use a ton of local ingredients for their beers, don't commit to a flagship beer, experiment frequently, and give you tokens to cash in for pours during the brewery tour--what is there not to love? Plus the tour is amazingly laid back and informative (but not one of those where you fall asleep), and they encourage that you drink during the tour. (Also note that I'm using the term "tour" liberally as it's really everyone standing in a big room with Erik speaking from a ladder. Seriously awesome.)Clearly a brewery wouldn't be any good if their brews were akin to PBRs (sorry, hipsters). As you may have guessed, the brews here are quite tasty. I sampled their Ballantrae (their Scottish ale), the Hornigold English IPA, a seasonal saison, and a chocolate breakfast stout. Surprisingly (as I'm typically an IPA guy), I liked the saison the best and could actually tolerate the breakfast stout (nope, I'm not a fan of stouts). All the brews were definitely good, though. So yes, you should visit Mystery Brewing (especially when the permanent taproom opens) and buy some of their wares from your craft beer dispensary of choice.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,5/7/2013,37,101,3,13,4>Let me start by saying that there is a difference between thrift prices and consignment prices. They are not the same thing, thrift prices are the prices you usually find a Goodwill and maybe the flea market. They are usually items people have discarded as they didn't want to mess with consignment. Consignment, especially designer consignment means you are going to get beautiful, name-brand items for less than retail but not for dirt cheap. If you want high-end, you are going to pay for it, especially if you don't want to troll through racks of color organized Goodwill items. Okay...now for my review:I am not afraid of secondhand items. As a child I grew up with a mother who adored vintage and thrifting in NYC. I would play with old toys, try on high heeled shoes and wasn't the wiser about it having had previous owners. Upon moving to Raleigh, I noticed there were actually a lot of consignment stores and I quickly looked them up on Facebook to follow them. Nora and Nicky's is very near to our current home and I was itching to visit them, as they always post some of the nicest items. Louis Vuitton, Chanel, Marc Jacobs, DVF. It seems they have it all. My newest obsession is Tory Burch and so when I saw they had a pair of her flats in MY size. I quickly decided to take the plunge and give them a visit.I didn't get the associates name who was in the store this day but she was super friendly. I had my almost 2 year old with me and I was afraid I would get the old stink eye and am happy to report we did not. I told the associate what I had come in for and she quickly got the shoes and placed them where I could try them on. She then went about her business and even casually chatted with me and my child. (Who encountered a big mirror and proceeded to put her fingers all over it, but the associate never rolled her eyes or sighed in that disgruntled way we all know). After deciding I had to have the shoes I asked about a few more pieces and was graciously shown the items and prices. And told they did gift cards...guess what I want for my next anniversary and birthday?The store is very pretty and the items they have are all gorgeous. While I didn't take the time to look at clothing (going through an almost 40 rut and need to lose weight crisis) I will be back. Or hopefully my husband will be back! They had a little bit of everything and you can not beat the customer service! Especially the personalized email that comes from the owner after you have shopped! If you are in North Raleigh and looking for designer items in great condition but at lower than retail prices? This is your shop.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,5/6/2013,40,97,2,7,4>You need to try Regency's Indian food. Discovered via Yelp, ate recently with my co-worker; absolutely going back.Food is delicious and tastes very fresh. I had Chicken Tikka Masala, and some potato dumplings, both already prepared in the takeout area. They use a great grade of rice, and the spices are just right. The green cilantro sauce adds a cool kick.The owner, who was cradling a slumbering 1-year-old in his arms while ringing us up, was super-friendly, eagerly proffered us a full menu - "Call ahead and we'll have it ready!" - and deserves your support.There is nowhere to sit down, as it is a gas station convenience store. Call ahead and pick up your order while you fill up. Perfect for business lunch hour.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,5/5/2013,97,192,2,9,5>I liked the atmosphere in this place.  Its good for a casual get together, whether it be co-workers, family or friends.  In my case I went all by my lonesome and picked up a Lamb Gyros and a Baklava to go.  The lamb was awesome.  The manager explained that they slice it from the filet themselves and season and grill it right there.  It had just a little char on it which enhanced the flavor.  I really liked the soft pita bread it was wrapped in, and they only added a bit of lettuce, tomato, and onions with a sauce to the wrap.  (can't remember if there was feta in there too now).  I ordered it with a tomato and cucumber salad which was okay but a bit bland.  It also came with ripple potato chips which was probably more than I needed to eat, but can ripple chips ever really hurt?  No.The Baklava is made at the restaurant I was told, and was a really big piece and very good, and only $2.50 which isn't a bad price.I'm looking forward to going back and I'd love to bring other folks and stay there to eat too.  Yummm!
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,5/4/2013,38,84,1,6,4>I discovered Full Lotus recently, and all I can think is, "Why have I been so behind the ball in finding this place?" Love it, love it, and love it some more.As others have noted, Full Lotus is located inside Blue Corn Cafe. This may not make a lot of sense, but just go in the cafe and then it will. You'll get the hang of it immediately.I was introduced to Full Lotus because Clarissa, the owner, began carrying Spread. Spread is a nut-based cheeze (it's vegan), and it is fabulous. It's made locally, and for awhile it was hit or miss at the Durham Farmer's Market. I started showing up at Full Lotus to get the Spread. Of course Full Lotus is a juice bar but to be honest, I have a juice at home and tend to make most of my juices. However, I have had two juices and two smoothies from Clarissa, and they are amazing. I ordered all of them in advance and got them frozen. They defrosted beautifully and being frozen did not impact the taste. You can also get fresh juices as well. I mostly go to get the Spread and other little tidbits that Clarissa sells. Her chocolate chip cookies are divine. They are tiny but worth it. They will melt in your mouth. Today I got a piece of raw cheesecake. I should have taken a picture to share, but instead I ate the cheesecake and thought about the picture later. Sorry! The flavors pop in your mouth. It's way better than most baked cheesecakes.If you're new to juicing and are curious about it this is definitely a great place to start your journey. Talk to Clarissa about what you like, and she'll figure out what will work for you. She's great at listening to you and knowing what will suit you. Plus, Clarissa is just a beautiful person and exactly the kind of business owner we need. You'll fall in love with her and the bar.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,5/3/2013,79,87,3,10,7>A few friends and I decided to grab some drinks on a cold Friday night and this place was a pleasant surprise. A new addition to the growing Hargett Street bar scene, The Royal James is located to the right of London Bridge and The Architect, and across the street from Landmark. The door states "25 and over", so it looks like they are trying to cater to the older crowd. The lighting is dim and cozy, with large deer antler chandeliers hanging from the ceilings. They had a guy playing acoustic guitar and rocking out to cover songs as well as originals, which progressively got more intense as the night went on. This would be a great place to take a date after dinner, which I saw several couples taking advantage of. The bar itself offers a pretty extensive list; a full bar with wines, whiskeys, and pricey champagne if you have reason for celebration. They also sell the cheap stuff as well - a can of PBR that is poured into a frosted mug on request. I spoke with one of the bartenders and he was extremely polite and attentive with my drink orders. The couches and seating were all clean and comfortable, and the bathrooms were clean as well. Everyone there seemed to have a fun time singing along to the cover songs as the night went on and I will be checking it out again pretty soon.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,5/2/2013,236,354,,7,3>This place has got a good thing going here.  I've only been twice, but I love the atmosphere, food, and fun that they provide in-house.  For a sports bar, I must restate: the food is really fab.  I was there last night and I was there on a Monday last month because my crew and I came to play some trivia.  They do not take reservations, but they are more than happy to put your name on a list and prepare for your arrival.  They are really friendly and helpful on the phone and in person.  Happy Hour: 1/2 price appetizers from 4:30 to 6:30 pm Monday through Friday.  The selection is pretty good too.  I've had Buffalo Chicken dip on both occasions.  Last night our table also had the Macho Nachos and hummus as well.  We killed all three.  Fun: DJ Trivia on Mondays starting at 7 pm.  They also have DJ Bingo on Wednesdays, but we've never been for that.  There isn't a seat in the house that doesn't have a view of a TV.  Last night I was able to watch basketball, hockey, and play trivia all at once.  Definitely a win-win situation.  When I was in last month I had a pear and walnut salad with a balsamic dressing.  It was so good.  Since I was tempted by the wings the waitress had the kitchen but some chicken grilled in wing sauce on there too.  It was SO good.  Last night they didn't have those special salads anymore.  Our server, Ryan, had informed me that they had taken their seasonal salads off so no berries or fruit salads for me.  I ordered an Italian sandwich on Ciabetta bread.  It wasn't very good, but it wasn't too terrible.  My friend ordered the Buffalo Chicken pizza, which they're apparently quite well-known for, and was really happy with her choice.  Another friend had a burger and killed it.  And a third friend ordered a sandwich which she also killed.  I was the only person not raving about their meal, but I'm still a huge fan because overall they do a really good job there.  The only other complaint is that they need more parking around there.  Nonetheless, if you drop by Buffalo Brothers, you'll be happy you did.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,5/1/2013,97,336,,10,5>For those that have been to Skate Ranch, but not in the past year, you should go back.  They were bought out by United Skates who decided to remodel the place, and the best thing they did was throw out all of the old skates and buy new skates.You heard right, all new roller skates.  I was impressed.  They also put in all new carpet, made the bench party area bigger, and sadly, they shrank the rink to make more room for the games and tables. Let me tell you, the staff is very friendly and want you to be happy.  Before you go, look at the schedule to see what they have going on that day.  Some days are family, while others are adult or college night. while others are more professional skaters from the Soul Train era.  (If you go on Sunday night, you will see what I mean.)They also have summer programs, and are very friendly.  I would check them out, as you will have a great time, just like I did.  Oh, my kids had a great time too.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,4/30/2013,156,68,7,10,5>There's something disconcerting about sitting in a chair with the cushion ripped out in a V around your crotch. There's no way to be certain why this happened or when, and I'm not even sure if only one chair at Cup a Joe features this reimagined design. All that's clear to me, from its constant presence, is that Joe doesn't really give a shit about its condition.If this doesn't make you uncomfortable, hopefully the sight of Frank Zappa's pubic hair on a poster to the right of the menu won't bother you either. Or the scratched to hell rear view mirror hanging at the sink in the men's bathroom. Or using a squat, thirty year old arcade game as a table. Or the halo of cigarette smoke just outside the door. It's all good. Cause the espresso is great.I'm predominantly an iced coffee man. The standard issue stuff at most coffee shops is cold brewed at best, hot coffee dumped indifferently onto ice at worst. Few places offer straight up, fresh brewed espresso over ice, and nobody else six shots per drink.Cup A Joe's Iced 6 Shot King series is just about my favorite iced rendition out there. Sit back for a second and think about this -- six shots of espresso in one drink. If you down it all in an hour, you're like to twitch yourself into a coma. I may or may not have done this myself. The espresso has a strong, nutty character and doesn't taste at all burned to my buds. The variations range from the usual standards (Latte, Mocha & Americano) to uniquely delicious (Liquid Brownie and Crowbar). I once dumped a Crowbar on my work laptop's keyboard; the keyboard never fully recovered.The clientele is all over the board. College hipsters and dorks. Old men of unidentifiable vintage. Tattooed chicks, WASPs, hobos and locos. Nerds like me. If a seizure in a to-go cup isn't your game, there are plenty of other options, bean based or otherwise. And if you ever need to stay up for seventy two hours, now you know where to go.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,4/29/2013,19,145,,5,4>Ok, so full disclosure:  This place is pretty much my dream dining establishment.  It's almost like they designed the restaurant, the menu, and the entire vibe around my personal tastes.  They serve just epic burgers with loads of delicioius fixins, they have shoestring duck frites (!!!!), fried pickle chips, some other goodies that I wasn't able to try, and oh yeah, some absolutely top notch beer that you really can't get anywhere else (for the most part).  If that isn't enough reason to come here early and often then I dont' know what it is.  This place isn't a secret or anything, but somehow it took me almost an entire year after moving to the Triangle to finally come here and I'm kicking myself for taking so long.  Just awesome stuff.  I came for the burgers, which did not disappoint, but I was really impressed by the beer.  Usually at a brewery restaurant type place such as this the beer is fine, nothing special, but they really don't mess around here.  Lots of great styles and really well done.  Love it!
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2010,5/13/2010,19,95,1,5,3>I love pho. It is the best soup around. Do you have cold and want some awesome chicken soup? Go to Saigon Grill. Pho is a noodle soup in either beef or chicken broth topped with spring onion and cilantro and accompanied by bean sprouts, thai basil, limes, and jalapenos. The accompaniments are up to, they come on a little side plate.I have eaten pho lots of places and this place ranks high. It is feel good food. The broth is light. The noodles are rice noodles and the chicken is fresh and comes in huge amounts. I personally give mine a good squeeze of lime, throw in some bean sprouts and go to town. Oh, did I mention the bowls are huge. If you are a first timer I suggest the medium. This ain't no Campbell's Chicken Noodle people!My husband has converted from the chicken to the beef. He loves the beef pho. I have tasted it and it is different but good. The flavor is unique but satisfying. I swear it has some cinnamon in it. The beef is thinly slice and tasty.The interior looks just like most pho places - stark. The service is good and the waiters/waitresses are nice. I've actually already been twice, so I would definitely go twice.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2010,5/12/2010,23,38,10,8,7>Hi everyone!Oh man...ICE CREAM!!!! I love ice cream! The thing is, I love dessert. Pretty much all dessert. Cake, pie, cobbler. Name it, I love it. But I'd give it all up, as long as I could continue to eat ice cream. That's how important ice cream is to me. And around here, I've tried them all. Goodberry's, Dairy Queen, Henry's (which is very good gelato)...but there's something about fresh ice cream. YUM!!!So could there have been better news than a fresh, homemade ice cream parlor (of sorts) just up the street? Could there??? Nope.In the 6000 block of Glenwood Ave, right next to Taverna Agora, is FRESH. Its in a very unassuming building that I think might have been a bank at one time. They're serving ice cream made by Maple Hill Farms, from Hillsborough, NC. Its DELISH!!!I've got frozen treat afterglow. And they make their own fresh waffle cones!!!! They're not quite perfect yet. They don't have sprinkles (I love sprinkles on my ice cream), or nuts as toppings. In fact, they only have chocolate syrup, hot fudge, caramel, and whipped cream. Not bad, but not all the way yet either. They don't make shakes. And those delicious cones? They don't make them into bowls, which is a personal favorite way of mine. But the ice cream and cones are fantastic, the prices are great, and they're wonderfully friendly people. So the procedure is super simple.Go.Eat.Repeat.Then be prepared to walk it off.  :-)
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,5/11/2010,89,99,,6,5>As a community Co-op, they are my greatest resource.  They are responsibly involved in farm to table initiatives, work to have local goods available, support their local community, and provide the public with an invaluable resource.  Love it or hate it - without Weaver Street Market - Carrboro as everyone knows it doesn't exist. Are there better hot bars? Salad bars? meat selections? Possibly - however when it comes to local, you can't get any more local.  If you are Primal eater and live in Orange County, this would be near the top of your list, if not THE top of your list.   I don't know what I'd do for lunch without the Weave considering I go there every single day for the past 6 years+ and have been an owner and customer since 1997.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2010,5/10/2010,21,132,,4,3>You HAVE to try their garlic knots.  Wow.  They are so addicting!  Whlie they didn't look very appetizing at first glace, trust me...they are delicious.  I had 4 of them before dinner even came!  I must have been really hungry because despite chowing down on 4 of the garlic knots, I finished most of my pasta dinner.  I got the Chicken Olivia with fusilli.  YUM!  Definitely will have to come back.  Great place to bring kids too since the staff were very friendly and didn't seem to mind the mess that my friend's 1 yr old was making on the table and floor.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2010,5/9/2010,80,93,5,8,7>I almost want to keep this taco truck a secret so I won't have to wait 3 hours for a bulgogi burrito or have them run out of spicy pork right before you order like in LA, buuuuut gotta share the Korean awesomeness that is rolled into a flour tortilla.  :) I was amazed to hear about this truck and unbelievably, freakin' happy!!!  I sped over to the Wachovia parking lot on the corner of 9th and Main in Durham and lo and behold, perched in all its glory, was the Bulkogi Taco Truck!  I swear the clouds opened up and rays of light shined down on it.  So some things which they offer for around ($6 - 8):-kimchi quesadillas-bulgogi sliders-bulgogi hotdogs-bulgogi/spicy pork/chicken burritos-kalbi rice plates and for $2bulgogi/spicy pork/chicken tacosI've only tried their bulgogi burrito and spicy pork taco and I don't want to hype it too much because I think most of my excitement is from finding out such a thing existed here.  Some people will probably find the salsa - korean bbq combo odd, but it's something fun and new to try.  I thought the Korean flavors were still solid (yummy marinated meat) although given a choice I would probably still choose the traditional stuff.  Portion sizes were good, I was pretty stuffed after the burrito, but expect something smaller than Chubby's or Chipotle.  The couple running the truck are super nice and my heart goes out to them cuz they look pretty overworked.  I've been wanting to go back, but if you look at their twitter site, they've been having truck problems so check before you go, that they're there!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2009,5/8/2010,86,140,10,7,7>Ever see that Seinfeld where George combines sex and sandwiches? That's what SandWhich is for me.I love the Outrageous BLT. Roasted jalapenos liven up the normal BLT. Avocado smoothes the textures into some kind of nirvana. Just writing this makes me hungry for it again. My wife loves the Sweet South: sweet potatoes, collards, goat cheese. They got into some gourmet magazine for their lamb sandwich. It's really good too. It tastes kind of like my mother in law's fruited pot roast in a sandwich. There must be the prunes and apricots in it.The food is a little pricey for a sandwich, but you're eating local and you're paying separately for chips. The chips are sliced fresh and cooked there. They're crispy and thinly sliced. They usually include a little cup of carrots nibbles that have been marinated in some herbs, garlic, and olive oil.The interior is small and cozy. There's a counter along the window to eat too. It's also connected to Bliss for some post sandwich eating.The sandwiches never quite seem to fill me up, but I don't want to eat anything else and mess up the lingering echoes of taste.Where's the sex part of this equation? There's some artsy female nudes on the wall. Nude women and gourmet sandwiches, yeah I'll keep coming back.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2010,5/7/2010,100,280,10,7,5>Our Raleigh Rickshaw ride was the HIGHLIGHT of our downtown Raleigh sight-seeing.First off, the rickshaw seats are surprisingly comfortable!  Second, the rickshaw cyclists are cute (in my humble opinion).  And third, IT WAS SO FRIGGIN' FUN!!!Have you ever wanted to speed downhill on a busy street with the wind through your hair while a bunch of pissed off cars pile up behind you?!YES????  MEEEEEEE TOOOOO!!!!Raleigh Rickshaw completely fulfilled this fantasy and it exceeded my wildest dreams!  I don't know what else to say, you can find them circling around near the Krispy Kreme on Fayetteville.  The drivers are all friendly and non-creepy.  They don't charge a fare, but I'm sure they'd appreciate tips for all that hard work!
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2010,5/6/2010,51,70,3,4,3>Hooray! This is my new gym and I am super happy with it. They have great group fitness classes, including spinning and zumba (I have a crush on zumba). My only gripe is that they currently only have one zumba class a week, but I am sure that could change if there is enough interest. I am very interested in trying out more classes, I did not know there were so many ways to get rid of the love handles. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. They have plenty of equipment, and I have never had to wait for a cardio machine (even at the peak hours I attend). They even have smoothies - what better way to gain back all the calories you burned off??
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2010,5/5/2010,152,347,5,6,5>So I'm a genius. I've been passing this place everyday since I've moved here (2 months). I promised myself that I will try their bbq soon! Today, I went. Oh, and also I gave up red meat, pork and fried foods for lent. UGH.LUCKILY, they had these smoked wings I've been eyeing from their website.I went in and since I can't have most of their sides, I asked if I can just get the wings. She gave me 12 wings for the regular wings price ($6.29). HOLLER! The wings are big compared to a avg buffalo wing. I hadn't eaten the whole day and I only finished 7. It is more sweet than sour. It has just the right amount of char for the "smoked" flavour to come through. I also asked for hot sauce and regular bbq sauce. Both are vinegar based and complemented very well to the wings. I can see how it can be a little too sweet for some people though.It also came with three hush puppies. FINE! I had a bite! it was so good. Dense fried bread with a hint of honey sweetness. Yeah it was good. I only had a bite. Don't judge me!I'll definitely be back to try their "real" bbq after Easter! =]
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2010,5/4/2010,42,35,2,12,7>GO THERE NOW!!!I met with the folks at Crumb Bakery yesterday who made a point of telling me about Escazu and that I absolutely HAD to go try some of their chocolate.I did, and I was not disappointed. On recommendation I tried the Venezuelan Chili chocolate which had a mild chili flavor to start but hit you a few minutes later.  I got a warm sensation in my belly and my cheeks grew hot and pink.....great way to warm up on a cool day.  I also picked up a jalapeno grapefruit and a rosemary bacon chocolate, they sounded so out of this world how could I not try them.Prices per piece run $1.50 - $2.50 and are well worth it considering they are all made in-house.I few pieces of these exotic chocolates would make a great gift for any sweet toothed friend.I will be back to explore more flavors, until then my mouth will be watering with the thought.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,9/30/2013,65,109,3,3,3>Tried Bida Manda for the first time last night. Am a huge fan of Thai so was curious how it would compare. It was restaurant week, so my friend and I decided to order from that menu and share our apps and entrees. More food to try :) Here's the food breakdown:Apps:Crispy pork spring rolls: really goodPanang curry crab cakes: they were loaded with crab and surrounded by a spicy panang curry. Very nice. Entrees:Papaya salad with lemongrass trout: This comes with a side of sticky rice that we didn't try - just too much food. The trout was breaded & fried with a heavy dose of dill. I had expected lemongrass flavor so was disappointed, but dill is an integral part of Lao cusine so I should have known better. It reminded me of deep fried pickles, so if you are a dill fan you will enjoy it. The papaya salad was ok, but I had asked for hot and it wasn't, and the papaya was soft. It was either mashed up heavily in the mortar or had been sitting a while.Pumpkin Curry with Jasmine Rice: This was really good! Loaded with root vegetables and had more heat & flavor. Will certainly order this again.Dessert:We each had the Sweet Purple Rice with Coconut Custard and Mango. OMG it was good! We wanted to lick the banana leaf it was presented in. This dessert alone is worth another trip. All in all, the service was great and I look forward to trying other non-dill items on their menu.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,9/29/2013,100,280,1,12,5>I like pizza, I like nice toppings on my pizza.  Sometimes, I don't want to spend $30 on pizza for 2 people to feel full.  Lilly's is an amazing answer to my desires.  Great pizza, great toppings, local business, and you don't break bank on something that you grew up thinking was "cheap food".  Lilly's in Raleigh (aka:  Original Lilly's) is smoky, cramped, and has long lines.  Lilly's in Durham is well ventilated, has plentiful seating, and walking space between the tables.  The pizza is just as good, imo.  My boyfriend is used to Raleigh Lilly's and quite sentimental about the long lines and suffocating/smelly smoke, so he didn't think the pizza tasted as good the first time we checked out Durham Lilly's (aka: Better Lilly's).However, upon our second return he deemed it just as good minus the sentiments he tied to Original Lilly's.  The service was good and the server was even so kind as to say our complicated order wasn't that complicated instead of being exasperated at us!  Much appreciated!  Water was filled promptly.  The toppings are fantastic.  We got the Sir Walter Raleigh with shrimp and were expecting tiny, crappy frozen shrimp.  Instead we got plump, delicious, and deveined shrimp.  I'm a fan for sure.  I pride myself on supporting local businesses and think the food is better, but I'm also poor and cheap and Durham's other downtown pizza joints are just a tad past my comfort zone.  Lilly's is just right.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,9/28/2013,46,89,3,10,6>There are several things i judge a vietnamese restaurant on...i realize this varies for a lot of people, but for me, i'm actually not a huge fan of Pho, so my criteria is 1. Com (a rice dish, grilled pork is my favorite) and Bun 2. Iced Coffee 3. Avocado Smoothie......lolI am glad to finally find a place here in raleigh to get my V fix!  (there's only one other place locally that i actually like, and this new one is near my home, SUPER DOUBLE AWESOME VICTORY!!)1. We ordered the com with grilled bbq pork.....YUM!  there's a restaurant in charlotte that i use as the basis to compare all of my vietnamese experiences to, and this place comes really close to being just as good as that one!  YEAH!!!!  the fish sauce, which they call citrus fish sauce was excellent, pork had a wonderful flavor.  Update:  i've been back....A LOT and had the bun with the grilled pork and spring roll, and it was super yum!2. Vietnamese iced coffee with condensed milk.....my favorite coffee-gasim!  they do it perfectly here!  can i get 10 to go?!!?!?3.  Avocado smoothie, perfect!  not overly sweet, nice and creamy.  they call them milkshakes, but don't be fooled, no ice cream (good!).My husband is a Pho fan, and he ordered a little bowl of the Pho broth, and he thought it was very good....me....the one who doesn't care for Pho LOVED it.  Usually my problem with Pho is the marrow taste is too strong, it's almost sickeningly sweet, and the licorice taste is too strong for me....but not here, it had a nice salty/bone taste that wasn't over bearing....i just might be tempted to actually try Pho next time.The owner was SUPER nice and accommodating.  If our server didn't know the answer, she would get the owner (smart server!) who took time to talk to us and give us samples of what we were asking for. (very smart lady!) to make sure we were all on the same page as to what we were ordering.Prices are very reasonable....i can not WAIT to go back....hmmm....maybe tomorrow?!?!?  :DUpdate: I've been back!  Coconut milkshake will rock your face off!
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,9/27/2013,168,723,,4,2>I took advantage of a warm sunny February day for a quiet visit at the Rose Garden.  (Ok that's not entirely true, I had a model with me and we took some photos there.)  While winter certainly isn't the prime time to enjoy the beauty of the roses, you will find a winter visit a good time to sit in a quiet environment and enjoy the sun's warmth.I have been during prime rose blooming season, and it is a lovely place to enjoy the beautiful gardens.  During that season just remember a whole lot of Raleigh folks will be doing the same thing, so expect lots of company.parking can be difficult with the garden's proximity to N C State.  Make sure if you use their parking lot that you park in the correctly marked spaces, as some of them require a permit and NCSU students will sometimes try to take advantage of free parking close to campus - if RPD is patrolling the parking lot it is a $30 ticket if you are parked in the wrong place.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,9/26/2013,43,376,,4,5>If you read some of the negative reviews about service, you can sweep that care aside now. Visiting Mantra for the first time, I found that they've really spent a lot of energy improving the service side of the business.  The manager of the house goes out of his way to make sure you have a good experience from beginning to end. The restaurant is elegantly, but simply decorated. Complimentary papadum with 3 sauces are a nice start to a meal. Our waitress was very attentive, never letting glasses of water go lower than 1/2 filled. She was also helpful in guiding us through spice levels and splitting a check.  Only miscue was some really small pours of wines - barely a 1/4 of a glass. The food was delicious, perfectly spiced and filling.  Great Indian restaurant in downtown Raleigh!
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,9/25/2013,18,237,2,7,3>Very interesting place to grab desserts and coffee while you're in the area. The place serves creamy ice cream and a variety of Turkish desserts and coffee creations, all in a small one-story purple house converted into a cafe of sorts. I tried the Rose Turkish delight (40 cents per piece), which had a wonderful subtle rose flavor. I also ordered a tiny cup of Turkish coffee with sugar, something I've never had before, and was surprised by how rich it tasted. I'm guessing it's the superfine grinds of coffee immersed throughout the coffee that gave it such incredible flavor. A small amount was priced a bit towards the steep side at $3.50 for 4 oz, but worth it for the first experience.My friend and I headed towards a cool-looking room with shelves of ethnic decorations and seating, as well as displays of clothing. It looked like it was formerly a tiny living room, now converted into seating area for the store. Overall, a very interesting and cool experience. Coupled with yummy Turkish desserts, this place is a must-visit for those who have never been.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/14/2013,9/24/2013,62,93,5,11,7>I've lived in Raleigh for more than 20 years, so it's more than a little embarrassing to admit that it's taken me this long to try Roast Grill. But after a lengthy post-Fourth of July hot dog conversation with a friend, I found myself dreaming about heavily processed meat locked in a snappy casing, surrounded by a warm bun. So! On a rainy Saturday, he and I headed downtown to fulfill my craving. Roast Grill - aka, "Hot Wieners" - is an institution, serving hot dogs to hungry Raleighites since 1940. It's no frills, and famously, no ketchup. I found myself actually a little stressed: what if I ordered something incorrectly and they yelled at me?We squeezed into a tiny two-top and ordered two dogs each: mine with chilli, coleslaw and mustard, my friend's with all of the above plus onion. To drink: two 8 oz. Cokes in little glass bottles that reminded me of being at my grandmother's house, circa 1980.The verdict: I loved the blistered, charred dogs. The slaw was basically just big chunks of cabbage - good for texture, but not much to offer flavor-wise. The chilli was okay, but frankly, nothing spectacular. But did I rapidly consume my two dogs into my 100-pound person? Yes, yes I did... after dousing them liberally with the Texas Pete conveniently provided at our table.All in all, you have to give Roast Grill a try if you are a hot dog aficionado. This place has character, a bevy of regulars, a layer of grime, and history out the ass. They keep it simple, and it seems to work just fine for them.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,9/23/2013,18,61,7,7,6>I consider myself an elite athlete.  I can run for a minute without stopping, can touch my toes for approximately 3 seconds, and have abs of steel under my tummy.  I obviously don't need fitness instruction.  However, on a whim, last summer I bought a Living Social for ten Jazzercise classes.  I figured what the hey.  It sounded like it would be really corny.Turns out, Jazzercise is not the spandex, let's-get-physical-with-Olivia-Newton-John dance class I expected it to be.  First of all, it was all modern music.  Top 40 pop and r&b.  No one was in spandex.  AND IT WAS HARD!  In a fun way.  No one made me feel silly for probably looking like a fool attempting the moves.  In fact, everyone is probably too caught up in their own movements to pay attention to anyone else, so that's good.  I had never sweat like that in my life before.  It was incredible.  And I felt GOOD afterwards.After my ten sessions were up, I signed on for a full year.  The instructors are so encouraging, and the owner of this franchise, Ann, is incredibly nice and super fun.  Environment makes a hell of a difference when it comes to working out, and this makes working out more than tolerable.  So if you've hit a wall in your exercise, or just wanna engage in group fitness, there is no better way.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,9/22/2013,43,194,2,9,5>As a loyal customer of Bottle Revolution, I felt a little bit like a trader the first time I checked out Bottlemixx. However, after multiple visits to this fun shop, I think it's fair to say I am a big fan of both!Bottlemixx is located in a shopping center in North Raleigh. Half of the store is dedicated to wine and the other half is dedicated to beer. I cannot say much about the wine, although it looks like a great selection and varied price range of wines.I am generally here for the beer. The beer is very well-organized and the prices on individual beers are very reasonable. I do like that their beers are sold in singles. They have a large section of North Carolina beers and a varied selection of beers that are already cold in multiple refrigerators. They also have a large bar at the back of the shop with plenty of seating and a very good selection of rotating beers on draft. Perhaps one of my favorite parts of this shop is, although they do not expect tips if you order a draft beer, any tips that they do collect go straight to the SPCA.For wine lovers, you can also get one of a dozen wines to sip while you browse from one of those cool new wine machines.They also have tasting events multiple times a week with different breweries and wineries. Overall, this is a very cool store with nice people who know a lot about beer and wine!
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,9/20/2013,73,266,,2,3>Greeted warmly by cute guy at counter, ordered the burrito specials, buck off. Hubby's was the tilapia, mine was the shrimp. I was impressed that they were both grilled fish, as opposed to fried. Loved the tilapia one, hubby shared. Great variety of sauces, very reasonably priced. I used to think Mo's was good, but this food tastes a whole lot better. Will certainly be returning, loved calling in order & having it ready when I arrived. Ready & correct.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,4/10/2014,18,134,8,6,4>Do you remember when you smoked weed and one hour later you had the munchies and everything tasted so amazing. That's how I felt at Plates sans weed. The hostess was so wonderful, there had been a mix up with our reservation but she nailed it fast and with such pizazz. The food was great! I had the duck spring rolls and I wish I had a little stash in my house full of these/they were crispy and they melted in your mouth, The gnocchi was really good/a little too oniony for me and I wish the serving had been bigger. The short rib was as good as meaty as a Duke University jock it fell off the bone. Even the sweets were like kisses from Zac Efron. I felt very gay after I left and a little hungry because they are small plates and the food is so contagious you want to keep eating. The entire meal was sex in the city! Order at least three plates per person because it is all too good to pass up. The place already looks quaint like a bistro on Rue St. Lazare and it's only been open a month. Great place for a date or just plain fun whatever night you go, you will leave happy and full of romance in your yummy.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,4/9/2014,49,212,1,11,7>I love its Eclectic flare and one of a kind look that a lot of boutiques don't seem to have anymore, Gather is where I did all of my Christmas shopping because I was sure that the gifts I gave were hand crafted, and of a high quality that I grown to love and respect from Local artists in the triangle.  I am a little confused though is Gather a permanent shop or a long standing Pop up shop like the ice cream Shoppe in downtown Raleigh?  If not I would like to start a petition to have it become a permanent location like we did for the Ice Cream Shoppe because it's really that lovely :D
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,4/8/2014,25,70,,7,4>I wish Trophy Brewing Company was around when I was at NC State.  I would have been there every single day, I'd wager, if that were the case.  The lady and I went on a Saturday, late afternoon, excited for a brewery with an actual menu.  We arrived after parking down the street and the place was packed.  Though only a few stools at the bar, they offer plenty of counter top to post at while waiting for something better to open up.  We had a couple pints as we waited and enjoyed the atmosphere.  All kinds of trophies line the interior ceiling and they have an innovative growler system behind the bar. We eventually scoped some people leaving, so we made our way over to an available end of a communal table.  Happy that I successfully earned a seat after waiting at the bar for half an hour, we settled in quickly.  The only down side was the company at the other end of the table.  Their vocabulary consisted of 3 words: like, totally and dude.  We went for glory and ordered a large Daredevil pizza and a fresh round of beers.  The pie arrived in good order and was absolutely delicious.  Heat travels well in Korean blood, but to others this ZZA could be consuming hellfire.  The ghost pepper salami sets it off!  The service made eating this pizza a challenge though as we each got a single glass of water and our server became scarce after delivering the food.  It would be practical to bring out a pitch of water for anyone with the guts to let the devil dance on their taste buds.  Overall, the pizza is awesome and the beers are good. I ordered a growler as a gift for a friend.  For a reasonable price, I got a growler of Best In Show for the corgi god mother that would be delivering our corgi puppy the next day.  The beers are good, but they didn't offer anything at the time that left a long lasting impression.  I will be back as fall approaches to see what seasonal offerings they may have!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,4/7/2014,127,203,3,12,7>Though Wake Forest is only about 30 minutes from downtown Raleigh, I've never made my way up here since living in NC for almost 2 years.  Tropical Picken Chicken is reason enough to come up here!  It's quite hidden in a shopping mall with no signage on the street, so it's very easy to miss.  A few Yelpers gathered here for some pre-scares at UYE @ Panic Point, and we had a great time.The restaurant has a menu on the wall and you order your food at the register.  I got the mixed plate with jerk chicken, steak, and pulled pork, along with 2 side items (rice/beans & a salad).  The chicken was phenomenal- it fell off the bone and was wonderfully seasoned.  The steak was a little bland, but the pulled pork made up for it.  The salad was wimpy but again, the rice & beans took the cake.  It seemed like everyone enjoyed their meal too!  Their verde hot sauce was really good- you have to ask for it, but it's quite fresh with a little heat (wish it was hotter!).  The prices seemed a little high for what it was and the environment, but the quality of the food made up for it.  2 dinner plates + 1 beer was $32.All in all, I'd come back to this place.  They do catering and large take-out orders too, so I may have to swing by next time I'm in Wake Forest :)
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,4/6/2014,38,237,2,7,6>I'm pretty excited for this place. I had a delicious lunch there and I think it has great potential. We got there at about 11:30 and it was empty. The menus is on a giant flatscreen behind the counter. My first suggestion would be to get another giant flatscreen, and double the font size of the menu, because it is really hard to read, even when you are standing right at the counter. But they also have paper menus you can look at. Since it was my first time, I decided I'd go with the offering at the top of the menu: the Carolina Burger. This burger has pork belly, pimento cheese, and coleslaw on a brioche bun. It was really awesome. I actually think it would taste better with bacon rather than pork belly, because pork belly is just too chewy to have on a burger. And I'm not sure I could really taste the coleslaw, but I guess on a burger, it's somewhat like a type of lettuce. For my side item I ordered the sweet potato fries. They were pretty amazing... waffle cut, and they come with this cinnamon mayo sauce that I just can't get out my mind! It was so good.Like a fellow Yelper said, they definitely need larger soda cups... the only size they have right now are really Bloomberg-sized, and you're likely have to get up for a refill in the middle of your meal. It also can get really crowded really quickly - by the time we left at about 12:20, there were hardly any seats left. Kinda wish it was a larger space!I'll definitely be back. How does it compare to other burgers? Well the whole place is somewhat similar to Bull City Burger downtown. It can't really be compared to Five Guys because these are very large, gourmet burgers. In fact, next time I go, I will probably plan on splitting a burger because they are HUGE. I got a single pattie, but they do offer doubles... uhhhh I can't imagine someone ordering that.... probably should be on Man Vs. Food!
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,4/5/2014,110,135,3,9,7>It's places like this that coined the phrase "food stupid". For those not familiar, food stupid is the coma-like state reached after unintentionally overindulging in a meal because your heart simply could not allow you to quit, even when your stomach told you to. Having experienced BBQ from all the heavy hitters in the country, I was thoroughly impressed with this tiny little diner. First of all, the atmosphere spoke right to my wee little sarcastic heart. There's all kinds of punny little signs adorning every wall, and a rather impressive pig figurine collection. The owners are no-nonsense, down home southern folks. It's like visiting your ornery Aunt Peg (you know, the one who maybe has a drink too many and makes family gatherings entertaining)...assuming she too makes some of the best brisket you've ever had. They sometimes offer an interesting side dish that I'd never experienced before - sweet potato tots (I'll give you a minute to let that sink in). They're everything you'd imagine them to be. The usual suspects are also available for your enjoyment - mac n cheese, greens, etc, and of course everything is served with North Carolina's interesting take on hush puppies. The only downside is their hours of operation. They're only open for dinner Thurs - Sat and they're closed on Sunday. I suppose when you make food this slap-your-momma good, you don't necessarily need to work every day. Good for you, Smokey's.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,4/4/2014,89,410,2,5,2>I have been coming here for 2 years now and it's consistent perfect service every time no matter who you end up with. You get the full timed treatment, no rushing and if you don't leave relaxed and energized, something is wrong with you. From hard pressure to soft pressure, whatever you prefer they work with you. This isn't the place for a chat, but for quiet no cell phone, laptop, kids. Excellent pedicures too. I truly think this is the best place in the triangle for relaxation!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,4/3/2014,52,125,2,6,5>The beau and I shared a beef kabob platter and Turkish chicken pizza.and we were totally satisfied..loved it portions were large, service was good for a weekend evening..  Get there early if you're having dinner.  I recommend calling ahead if you have a party larger than 4...dining area has limited space..oh and I usually take tiny bites when I eat baklava, but this was amazing..I kept examining it because it was sooo good..I devoured every bite..
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,4/2/2014,54,428,2,7,4>I spent some time in Hong Kong and became a huge fan of Dim Sum while I was there.  I was disappointed by my dim sum experience at Hong Kong in Durham, so I made plans to meet friends here on a Sunday (I was conveniently flying in from out of town, so I could pop on over from the airport).  They didn't have the carts because it was an off time so we ordered off the menu.We ordered 5 plates between the 3 of us and a pot of tea.  The total came to around $23.  We could have easily eaten a plate or two more but probably not more than that.  Most of the plates had 3 pieces on them, and a few had 4 (thus, three people seems to be the magic number to go in a group).There was a good variety--complete with pictures and sushi-style check-the-line ordering.  About half the menu was fried and half was steamed.  Our plates came out fast and really hot when we ordered.  The service was attentive (seriously, it only took 30 minutes for the lunch) and I didn't feel rushed to eat (we just were hungry and devoured).Yes, this isn't Chinese or New York-level dim sum, but I was really impressed for this place for being in the Triangle--both for the variety and quality of the food.  The pan friend dumplings and bbq pork turnovers really stood out.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,4/1/2014,92,132,3,13,5>85 reviews in and I still think we are dealing with an under-appreciated quaint little restaurant on Wake Forest Road judging by the fact that Meaghan C. and I were the only visitors there on Sunday afternoon.It was a choice between Pei Wei or MachuPicchu but the yelp scores shifted the balance of power towards MacchuPIcchu and I couldn't be happier!  The chef/owner takes her cooking seriously and studied at Johnson & Wales prior to opening this restaurant.The roasted corn kernels to start you off were amazing!  The entrée I ordered was Shredded Chicken cooked in a creamy yellow sauce made with aji Amarillo, spices, walnuts, cheese and cream, served with rice and over boil potatoes, boil egg and Peruvian black olive.  It was to die for and my wife's beef tacu tacu was so good that when she was stuffed, I swapped my finished entrée for hers and finished it up.This is one of those restaurants that makes me realize some of the finest restaurants in Raleigh will be found in shopping centers, which is the exact opposite of what we had growing up in Long Island where a typical shopping center would house a supermarket, Chinese takeout and a slice joint.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,8/28/2014,54,428,,6,5>What a great way to support local farmers!  The Produce Box delivers fresh, local produce to your door.  They operate year round (they do bring in some products for the winter from Florida so they can keep operating outside of the NC growing season).  You have several boxes to choose from depending on what you want.The staff is so nice, and they recycle the boxes (you leave it outside for them to collect when they bring the next one).  They also have helpful newsletters with tips on storing produce and recipes.I've heard of some small groups (e.g. 3 people in an office) going in to pool together to purchase one and split the contents each week because it can be a lot of produce for those living alone or who don't cook a lot.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,8/27/2014,4,90,1,4,1>We tried this place finally the other night after driving past it many times.  I was impressed.  It was a very casual and comfortable atmosphere.  Our server was extremely friendly.  Great service.  My wife had the penne alla vodka, which she enjoyed.  I would say it was good but not the best by any means.  The grilled chicken with it tasted really good and she enjoyed it as well.  That is saying something considering how particular she can be with regards to chicken quality.  I had the shrimp and grits, which was very good.  Well plated and the perfect portion size.  It didn't taste too heavy.  I really like the browning on the top of the middle part of the grits.  It gave it a nice bit of texture.  We will definitely keep this on our list of places to eat in the future.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,8/26/2014,10,134,3,2,3>When it comes to cupcakes I refer to myself as a "cheap" cupcake man.  What does that mean, you ask?  It means that even the so-so grocery store deli cupcakes I still find pleasurable smashing that cheap fondant into my "flavor savor" beard/mustache and devouring them.  So just think what I would do when I get ahold of a great cupcake.  Queue: GoodyBox!  So on the way to pick my kids up from school on a Friday I thought it would be a treat to pickup some cupcakes for an after school treat.  I popped in and immediately started eyeing a glass cabinet full of about 15-ish different varieties of cupcakes to choose from.  I wound up going for a 1/2 dozen.  I got two each of:Blonde - vanilla cake, vanilla buttercreamCookie Monster - chocolate chip cake, cookie dough buttercream, chocolate chip cookie wedgeMuddy Brunette - chocolate cake, chocolate ganache filling, chocolate buttercream, dipped in chocolateButtercream was rich light and well... creamy.  The chocolate was good but I must admit I thought that the vanilla flavored Blonde was the one I enjoyed the best of the 3 kinds we got.  And yes, I sample everyone's cupcakes!  Father and husband's purgative.  And yes, for a late night ahem... snack I ate the Cookie Monster one too with all the guiltily pleasure that it entails.   The cake itself was nice n' moist and not at all that dry fondant stuff you'd get at the grocery store.  Again, not knocking the cheap grocery store guys they're okay in their time and place or if you're desperate for a cupcake fix...  Both the white and dark cake mixes were great.  Cupcakes themselves were a good size and one  certainly was all I wanted at one time.  I didn't realize until after the fact they have a few Star Wars themed cupcakes that my boys would go gonzo over; Chewbacca Pumpkin, Obi-Wanna Carrot & Darth Cookie Monster.  Next time!
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,8/25/2014,294,288,2,6,4>All this time and I had not tried out Beasley's, but a friend wanted to meet up there for a meal and I was glad to get to finally get to try it. Although I wasn't in the mood for something fried, I was sure I would find something to satisfy my hunger there.It's a bit smaller than expected, but I like the atmosphere. Even for a Wednesday night they were a bit crowded, I take that as a great sign something good is going on here. We started off the night with drinks, one called a Gold Rush. This cocktail, served as all drinks are here in Mason jars, is a bourbon/honey/lemon concoction and it was very tasty. It went down rather easy I must say. But what to choose for eats? Well the menu is posted on a big chalkboard on the wall (as is the case with some of Ashley Christensen establishments), and as I've said before I'm not a fan of the chalkboard menu...I like something in hand to read and peruse. However I did pick out the chicken pot pie for my main entree, and also a waffle to boot. I love waffles, period. This waffle did not disappoint, it was delish. The chicken pot pie is pretty different in presentation, as it is served in a bowl with no crust along the side or bottom. There is what looks like a "crust top" placed on top of the filling. If you get over the asthetic differences and mix it up all together before eating, it's not bad! I would like a thicker "filling" and a bit more crust material for it to be optimal for me, but I enjoyed the entree regardless. It's not overly seasoned up, and I for one like that...it's always easy to add more pepper etc. if you want it but you can't take it out once it's there. I also decided to try the pimento mac n cheese afterward. This one wasn't a score with me though. I like mac n cheese very creamy, and this was more in a carved square, a baked appearance. The taste was not what I look forward to in mac and cheese as well. It just didn't happen for me with this one. But I enjoyed my pot pie, the very tasty waffle, and Gold Rush drink...I had a pretty good meal experience here. Service was very positive and helpful, thumbs up for our server.Bottom line: Some good things here to enjoy, I had a good visit. I would like to try the meat loaf soon and explore the menu a bit more. Some hits and misses as described above but as a whole, I like the Beasley's experience.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,8/24/2014,139,155,,5,3>This place is a true gem and I can't wait to go back! Hankering for something a bit different, my husband suggested we try this place out. We went early on a Saturday morning to sample their breakfast offerings. I loved the feel of the space and our waitress was so nice and attentive! I went with the empanada platter and Andrew got the Beef Milanesa. Both were so so delicious and reasonably priced. Can't wait to go back to sample more of their menu!
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,8/23/2014,72,24,2,6,7>This guy cares about 3 things. Customers, Quality fresh local NC seafood, and the watermen who caught it.  Worth every penny and then some - some of the best secret cornmeal crusted fried oysters I've had west of Roanoke Island, NC.  The citrus dill slaw excites and is a great compliment to anything you get here.  Even the chips and broccoli are freshly made.  For those of you complaining about price, you obviously don't understand the work that goes into getting you fresh locally caught-by-hand-on-small-boats seafood. As a documentarian, I spent time this past year filming on fishing, crabbing, and oyster boats in the Albemarle sound - these watermen work so hard every day in cold, often-rough seas to make their catch that ends up in places like Saltbox. Learn to appreciate what true local seafood is and establishments like Saltbox who pay premiums to make sure you have access to it. If you want a pile of flavorless taupe colored shrimp or fish that is previously frozen at sea on gigantic floating vessels, this is not the place for you. ;)You can't go wrong driving to the edge of downtown Durham for this little gem.If you'd like to see our short on Oystering, here's a link:vimeo.com/user16772806/m…
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,8/22/2014,22,163,1,7,5>I'm really fond of this place, guys. I mean, there was a week when my friends and I went to this place probably 3 or 4 times, combined. The sushi is well-made. I haven't had a chance to try their sashimi and nigiri offerings because the deal on the 3 rolls of sushi was pretty good. Three rolls for $23 feeds two people comfortably, even though it's not the gut-busting BOGO deal that some places have. The service is superb, and the chef is a really nice guy. The most pleasantly surprising thing about this place is that the appetizers are really good as well. So far, I've had the salmon tartare, tuna tacos, and pork belly buns....and they were all so good. Those are definitely three dishes that I recommend everyone get at some point or another. Lastly, there's the also pleasantly surprising fried ice cream dessert that was pretty good. It's kinda your standard fried ice cream in terms of execution, but the flavor of it is pretty great. The portion is also huge, because we split that one dessert among 3 people, and it was only $6. Higly recommend this place to everyone that is near the area.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,8/21/2014,185,276,3,4,5>Great pizza, nice staff, quick service.Had the pesto pizza and it was delicious. We got sweet potato fries as a starter and they don't have ranch FYI...they are "anti-ranch" ....that's so dumb, just make the customers happy. I know your pizza is good enough that it doesn't need ranch- but if I want to soak it in ranch...don't deny me those calories!! Restaurant super clean and the bar looked really cool. Nice outdoor seating that's pet friendly!
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,8/20/2014,71,255,1,7,5>I was excited to have the opportunity to try The Oakz last night. It's located in the old Draft location. The decor has been updated and it looks great! At first glance, the prices are a little high, but the portions are pretty big - you'll probably get two meals out of an entree! We shared the shrimp cocktail, my husband got the brick chicken and I got the crab cake. Everything was fresh and delicious!  I ordered a Perfect Manhattan and it was indeed Perfect, so the bartenders know their stuff. In addition to the food, there was great entertainment as well by the Jim McCann Jazz Project. They were awesome and I hope that they'll be a regular band here. They made the atmosphere all the more better. My husband was also pleased that they had the hockey game on. We'll definitely be back!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,8/19/2014,169,170,3,7,1>We've been using Laura's Cleaning Company for over a year now and it's definitely been worth it. I never thought I'd use a cleaning service but I have really appreciated the time savings. No more cleaning showers (or, let's be honest, letting mildew grow for way too long)! The cleaning crew leave the house looking and smelling wonderful; it's almost magical.There have been mistakes but Laura makes sure that we are happy and goes above and beyond to right any wrongs (and she always does this proactively). It's a very nice personal touch and it hasn't gone unnoticed. I think the price is very fair considering the quality of work. I would definitely recommend her business to others.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,10/14/2011,114,375,9,4,6>Here, in no particular order, is a list of reasons why Bill Smith is a seriously cool mother'fer:** I saw him last Sunday at the Yo La Tengo concert.** In September 2008, he served these raspberries and cream for dessert - he has a friend who lives in the NC mountains; she goes to the beach every fall, but stops by Chapel Hill to drop off her fresh-picked berries (insert superlative here).** Chicken Liver Pate: the way he makes it, it tastes like Foie Gras, not like bar mitzvah chopped liver.** He walks around his own restaurant drinking PBR out of the can.** Cheese Pork: singular dish of his invention. It's like a pork schnitzel with this awesome nutty cheese sauce covering it.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2011,10/13/2011,69,245,13,15,8>I have to admit, reading some of the "negative" reviews on here really made me chuckle! It's always hilarious to read reviews from others who have a completely different point of view and different perspective.I'm from CA and asian markets over there aren't just "chinese" or "asian" or even worse... "oriental" (not the PC term, btw). They're Japanese markets, Korean markets, Vietnamese Markets, etc. When Li Ming popped up in my search for an asian supermarket i was THRILLED!I was even MORE thrilled to see how CLEAN and organized it was (compared to other asian markets). You can't go into ANY asian market with the expectation that it will be the same as your standard supermarket. The fruits and veggies were well organized. Although I didnt get a chance to eat at the to-go prepared food area I just wanted to say that it is STANDARD in asian markets/restaurants to use cash only. The seafood/meat area is QUITE clean (again, relative to other asian markets). There is a certain threshold of cleanliness when it comes to fresh fish or seafood areas. There WILL be fish juices on the ground, whole fish on ice, and "weird" and uncommon meats in the seafood/meat areas. There WILL be a fishy SMELL only because there are FISH! I'll take a fresh fish and deal with the smell any day.The service there is extremely helpful. Some of them may not be able to speak English but they do try their best.  My last comment would be to those who like to go to asian markets just to "look around". Some of us have real shopping to do and when you bring your group of tourists to the market to gawk and point at "odd" foods you may have never seen or eaten it is very bothersome to have to navigate around you. Go to the market to buy something, not to pick up frog legs, make a yucky face, then put it back down. Yes, I LOVE frog legs! They taste like chicken.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2011,10/12/2011,62,167,,6,2>A friend of mine tagged me on Facebook to let me know about this new taqueria, so I had to sample it as soon as possible... Within about 12 hours, I was sitting on the patio waiting for my chorizo nachos with a side of guacamole.Some may think Durham may not need another taco stand, but I say there can never be too many. And Nanataco adds another layer of nuance to the quick(ish) Mexican options in the area.They offer tacos (duh!), burritos, nachos, tortas, salads, and quesadillas with several "standard " proteins, which include beef tongue and chorizo, as well as some "dirty" meats, which include duck confit and pork belly. The dirty meats incur a slight upcharge.The nachos I had were quite tasty. The order wasn't huge, but it was sufficient, and the chorizo was a excellent choice. They also have a salsa bar with three or four salsas, cilantro, radishes, onion, and pickled peppers and vegetables.My main concern was the fact that it took quite a while to be served, even though there weren't many folks there. It also concerned me that I couldn't get anyone to answer the phone when I called earlier to see what hours they're open. These are small concerns, and I'm sure I'll be back... but I don't plan on giving up my mayorship at another locale taqueria gordita...
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2011,10/11/2011,10,81,5,7,2>Man, it's taken me a while to try this place.  In addition to the dozen or so salsas and above-average chips, I tried a Smothered Chubbychanga with barbacoa and a gordita with Chile Colorado, which was this week's meat feature.  I also had a bit of their "Sundae, Chubby Sundae" (a nice U2 allusion, I thought), which was like a banana split except with plantains.  I don't like plantains, but the ice cream was good.  There's a problem, though, and it's one I have with a number of Mexican places: SHREDDED MEAT.  I detest shredded meat.  I want it cubed.  Sliced.  Anything but shredded.  Shredding is just a good way to hide cheapness.  Some might think Mexican fare isn't "authentic" unless the meat is shredded into a textureless, stringy mess, but I can't help thinking that's ridiculous.  Does a rural Mexican farmer go outside, kill one of his chickens or livestock, then spend hours shredding the thing into dust before cooking it?  I don't know.  Maybe I'm just an ignorant hillbilly, but I think it's a shame that pieces of meat larger than one-half a square inch are so hard to find.  Shredded meat just feels pre-chewed in my mouth.  It quickly becomes a swallowable glob.  I want to chew my own food, thanks very much.  This stuff is supposed to be prepared for human consumption, not baby birds.But I don't mean to suggest Chubby's didn't taste good to me.  All in all, I enjoyed everything I had (with the only real exception being a neon orange salsa that was hot and bitter but otherwise flavorless and unpleasant).  For the price, I think the stuff was very good; in fact, the four-star rating is based on VALUE.  Aside from the $3 dessert, everything was well-worth the money.  I also really appreciated the layout of the restaurant and the availability of outdoor seating (which is a must, really, because the interior space doesn't have many tables).  DO NOT sit at the "bar" if you can help it.  The overhang is too shallow, meaning your knees will hit the wall even though your body is still a foot away.  And there's nowhere to put your feet without knocking your knees into the wall or an adjacent chair.  The chairs themselves are low-backed.  So avoid the bar seating, but try the restaurant.  Bring about $8, and you can leave stuffed and satisfied.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2011,10/10/2011,198,565,8,3,5>I have not a dancing bone in my body. why o why did I pick the salsa night to check this place out? oh yea! because it's much more fun to watch capable folks strutting their stuffs, than me out there embarrassing myself.People are interesting. White people, doubly so (oh come on! don't take it offensively. You know you are!) . Only white people can turn sultry Salsa music into a Congo line moment. I give up.Just when I think I have enough, you people dish out even more. Is that fist-pumping? when did we travel from South America to "south of the America", and now to the south of Jersey Shore?I think I will have to return on nights when it's just nice atmosphere and good food, because the action on the packed dance floor is making Red Room quite heated. It's 50 degrees below out there on the lonely Glenwood South; but in here, feels like the warming countries south of the border.Now that I finished my drink, it's time I make like a tree and bounce (wait... I don't think that's right)
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,10/9/2011,294,288,6,11,6>Going with an update on Peppers Market, not that they have changed in status. They are still 5 stars in my book. Just wanted to offer more info than my past review (very short, I was a baby Yelper then!). Again, they have the best Sunday brunch around Morrisville, and seems more people are catching on to it, which is great for Peppers. The stuffed french toast with cream cheese, amazing, and the best scrambled eggs I know of around. They have danishes and pastries now, I love the cheese danish. Mimosas are a brunch mainstay, and of course they have them after 12 noon. If you are going there for sandwiches, you are in for another treat. Great sammichs, and most all are health conscience choices. I love the tuna salad on flatbread. They make their tuna salad with yogurt instead of mayo, and I think it is a very tasty variation if not healthy as well. One word: OMNOMNOM. Tasty soup selection daily also. You do put your order in at the register then they bring it out to you. They are always friendly as you come in and offer a menu so you can begin looking before you hit the register. As for the owners and staff, always friendly, welcoming, and go out of their way to make your visit a good one. Bottom line: Awesome brunch, great sammichs, healthy options, and wonderful people. Two thumbs up and a big ol' smile.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2010,10/8/2011,89,190,,12,6>Recently opened off of South Main Street, Main Street Grille is going to be a new favorite morning stop of mine. The Grille is attached to the new convenience store and gas station - Rose Mart. But don't let this appearance fool you. Sure its only a another bland store front, another strip mall, and another gas station. But this is not like your typical BP or Exxon. This is Americana restored. The Grille's owner Tom Halik has found a unique link to the community in his store, offering personal service with his small staff six days a week. Its so down-home that Tom signs each of his brochures! And the community loves it. So far he's been more successful than he thought in his first week!Why is this you ask? What is driving Wake Forest residents in zombie-like droves to his small place?It could be the fresh Apple Cider Doughnuts. Or it could be the fresh Carrot Cake muffins? Apple Turnovers? Fresh homemade Cinnamon Buns?Pastries not your thing? No problem. Check out their breakfast menu with eggs platters, sandwiches, pancakes and french toast! Or come back for Pastrami on rye in the afternoon!So the review of their food so far is 5 stars. I've had all their pastries (yes, they are that good) and they are delicious even 12 hours later. Their service was friendly and with a smile. The prices are kosher and the small dining room is quaint and inviting. Make sure to check this place out the next time you are in the Wake Forest area. Or make a special weekend trip!
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2011,10/7/2011,346,337,1,12,5>Best Sushi in Downtown RaleighVisits: Too many to countR-Line Stop: R13 or R15OK, don't laugh, but I have been going to Sono for over 3 years and I didn't eat sushi (the raw stuff) until last summer. So that's a testament to Sonos menu of 'cooked' food and rolls containing cooked fish. The avocado salad is fabulous with fresh slices of avocado and the goma sesame dressing is simply awesome. I could drink that stuff! One note about the avocado salad, I tend to just get the house salad in the middle of winter because the avocados tend to be hard and not very flavorful. For the Hot small plates my favorites are Pork Gyoza and Fire Cracker Shrimp. The dumplings, filled with a delicious ground pork filling, are perfectly fried.  I greatly enjoy the very spicy chili citron glaze on the Fire Cracker Shrimp. One of my favorite rolls is The Piano, which has tempura shrimp and an amazing combination of sweet sauce and wasabi sauce. Their cooked entrees are delicious...lots of flavor and complexity. The ingredients are high quality and fresh.Last summer, I went to Sono for Restaurant Week and they offered a 3 course meal that included an entrée choice of a roll and a sampler of sushi. I decided to be adventurous and selected this entrée. So my thinking was "if I don't like the sushi, I will have enough food with the roll". I am so glad I decided to try the sushi. I loved it and now I'm a big fan! To the dismay of my husband who has to have all his meat and fish well-done. LOL! I have tried all the sushi restaurants downtown and IMHO, Sono is the best with the freshest and highest quality fish. Sono has all kinds of specials so check out their web site for the details. I'll just mention two of my favs: the lunch special of soup, salad, and roll of your choice for $10 and half price martinis on Wednesday night. Speaking of martinis, my husband, Andy and I went to Sono last night (a Wednesday) and I was extra happy when I remembered that it was half price martinis. BTW, they make a good martinis and I like the Rubytini and Pomegranate that are more tart than sweet. Our waiter, Brian, asked me how I was doing and I replied "Awesome". He laughed and said I made his night. Well, he made my night by telling me. Feel the love! But seriously, Brian was an excellent waiter and we have always received great service. I would caution the lunchtime diner in that if you arrive at about 12:15 pm, then you may have more than an hour-long lunch.Lastly, I like the décor, which is very chic. Sono just has a good vibe so for a great atmosphere with awesome sushi and drinks, check out Sono.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2011,10/6/2011,194,183,4,8,5>Pulcinella's is a great local Italian joint that serves up some solid pasta dishes.  We got the pollo pulcinella with penne and the zuppa di pesce with linguine.  When the dishes came out, my friend of seven years automatically assumed that I wouldn't be able to finish my meal.  That either speaks of how little he knows me or that the portions were extravagant.  I would like to think more that the latter is true.  In any case, he was wrong.  I finished everything.Zuppa di pesce is literally fish soup.  I think it's a misnomer for the entree, since there was no fish.  The marinara sauce, however, was thoroughly infused with a taste of the sea with the ample amounts of clams, mussels, and Black Tiger (read large) shrimps.  Awesome.  I also liked that the linguine was perfectly al dente.  I got the house pino grigio and regretted it.  Next time, I'll just shell out the extra bucks to get a better glass of wine.P.S.  Throughout dinner, there was an older gentleman who would stand up to play the accordion.  I'm not sure whether he was part of the large party next to us, or whether he was part of the restaurant staff.  It was a nice touch :)
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2010,10/5/2011,611,755,8,11,9>Who knew 60 grams of fat could taste so good?!   Phil G, Tripp W and I were marveling at the delicious deep-dish pizza that was dropped in front of us on the table.  Gooey mozzarella cheese, chunky tomato, spicy sausage, tasty bacon and pepperoni all wrapped in a golden crust!  We recounted Mohamed N's recent Rosati's review and the caloric content of each slice but what the hell, who wants to live forever!  I dug into my first slice and my taste buds got hit with an explosion of tomato and cheesy goodness, uhmmm.  And as good as the insides were, the crisp, buttery crust was even better!  The perfect base for all that meat and cheese...  The large pie was enough for maybe 3 to 4 people and we had a side of buffalo wings to get the calorie party started!  Service was timely and they kept our glasses filled so we could wash down all that pizza.  Inside Rosati's, the place is small so you might be better off with takeout.  But with pizza this good, who cares what it looks like inside?!  Thankfully I had just been to the gym that morning so maybe I could grab one more half-slice...  That's only 30 grams of fat, right?  Why does being so bad always taste so good?!  Enjoy Rosati's Triangle peeps because if you haven't tried their deep-dish pizza, you be missing out...
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,4/30/2014,36,84,3,10,7>Oh. Em. Gee. I don't usually say stuff like that because I'm older than 14, but seriously, THIS PLACE. Super unassuming yet welcoming, fantastic chalkboard menu full of gems like biscuits with bacon jam and steak&eggs, specialty drinks like the London Fog (earl grey with steamed milk and vanilla syrup, heaven on a snowy day like today) and a rosemary infused latte with lemon zest. WHAT?! And I honestly can't even start with the pastries because I'll want one: creamy chocolate ricotta crostatas, sugar-dusted donut muffins... Seriously, donut muffins. Buttermilk sugar pie. Something so chocolatey-looking it didn't even have a tag. And such great tables by the window, where you could sit and work or chat with a date all afternoon. Sighs and swoons. I may have found my favorite place in Durham.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,4/29/2014,264,1065,14,12,13>I MET LEMURS!LEMURS!LEMURS!LEMURS!Lemurs!At long last, I met lemurs.  My lovely girlfriend took me for my birthday.  The lemur tour started with a video, where some dude told us about lemurs.  Then we met them!  There were ring-tail lemurs (the standard ones), lemurs that were more brown, lemurs that liked to jump on each other, and other fun types of lemurs.   Then we went inside and met the nocturnal lemurs, such as the Aye-Aye (looks like a crazy giant lemur thing), the loris (not a lemur, but still cute), and other nocturnal lemurs.  The lemurs also hang out outside during summer months, though they were in the habitats on this day because of the potential for cold.  In general, this is a pretty awesome place where pretty awesome little dudes hang out and do their thing.  You should go. In summary, LEMURS!
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,4/28/2014,152,421,2,8,6>C Grace is a welcome oasis of class on Glenwood Ave. It's beautifully decorated and has an amazing cocktail list, yet the environment stays comfortable and relaxed. The bartenders are the best. I love their egg white cocktails. The free live jazz is a gift from heaven. This place is the cat's meow and the bee's knees. If you want to impress someone bring them here.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2013,4/27/2014,230,281,4,10,6>Since 1974, Mitch's Tavern has been a Wolfpack watering hole. Even though I didn't go to State, I love walking up the narrow wooden staircase and sitting down with a local brew.What impresses me most is that the menu ranges from $3.95-$6.95. On the cheap end is a smoked sausage - a bit of an homage to Mitch's early days in the late 70s serving hot dogs. Some of my favorites are the gumbo, the pimento cheese and fried green tomato sandwich, and the collards. I've heard the london broil and the BBQ is good as well.Food comes out very quickly and servers are very attentive. Mitch's definitely knows what it's doing after almost 40 years.As a baseball fan, you definitely want to come here to sit, literally, where they filmed the dancing scene in Bull Durham. There is some Bull Durham memorabilia around the restaurant, too. Don't miss the "Mitch's Bar - Deliveries" glass hanging over the stairs (identical to the glass that Nuke broke in the scene outside the bar).
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,4/26/2014,315,293,,8,5>I stopped in to Tangerine for dinner recently. I ordered the shrimp with walnuts. The meal came with roasted vegetables and rice. The food was good, not knock socks off great, but good and satisfying. I felt like I was eating pretty healthy with the walnuts and roasted veggies. I also had a Japanese beer and green tea. The green tea was very relaxing, and generous in the amount. You get your own pot!Tangerine is a small establishment located in strip mall off of Cary Parkway. It's not fancy. The décor is minimal. I thought our server did a very good job. This is probably more of a take-out place for most people though. Anyway, I would go back again and try some of their other dishes.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,4/25/2014,83,184,3,14,7>The Yelp reviews weren't exaggerating when they said this place had amazing Fish and Chips. The batter is so perfectly crisp and light and the fish is just perfect with every bite. Boyfriend and I stopped in here for a quick bite after some shooting - he got the Bangers and Mash and I got the Fish and Chips and they were both delicious. Both of these dishes also came with a side of haricot vert (green beans) which was a welcome green addition to two entrees that are usually lacking in vegetables. The garlic fries were also fantastic and just perfectly cooked. Even the plating was cute/thematic - this place is just an all around winner. Also, this place apparently has live music and poker tournament nights as well as nightly alcohol specials. Note that half of the space is an actual bar(!) which is great to have in the boring areas of Cary and Morrisville. I know I have a new watering hole for those nights when I'm too lazy to drive anywhere further away. Highly recommend this place - check it out guys.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,4/24/2014,107,166,5,13,11>The review is for ordering off the menu not the buffet! I have never tried the buffet. I probably would have never came out and try Captain J if it weren't for Ken C.  organizing an UYE celebrating Chinese Lunar New Year. I almost was not going to join because I was already doing two other celebration meal, but I am so glad that I came out to explore a new restaurant and meet more fellow yelpers! Ken ordered family style for everyone to share. Not only did he ordered the perfect amount, he also ordered a great selection of food starting from xiao lon bao (steam soup dumplings), five spice braised beef, beef in scallion pancake, cumin lamb, salt and pepper short ribs, ma po tofu, eggplant, flounder in hot chili sauce, and rice cakes.I thoroughly enjoyed all the dishes. Everything was very flavorful. I did find a couple of dishes a bit too salty by itself but that also mean they go well with rice! The spicy dishes could be on a wilder side if you are not used to spicy food. I thought it packed a good amount of heat but not overwhelming that you need a whole pitcher of water and cant feel your tongue afterwards. The xlb is filled with broth. It was a great way to start up the meal, just be careful not to burn your tongue! To me I thought the 5 spice braised beef was a bit tough to my liking, but the flavor was very good. I like the addition of cucumber in the beef and scallion pancake. It made the dish refreshing. Usually I am not a fan of cumin, but cumin and lamb go so well together that I now have a whole new impression of cumin. The salt and pepper short ribs were great. Can't go wrong with delicious fried goodies. Flounder in hot chili sauce was probably one of my favorite. The fish was cooked just right. Also the nappa cabbage that come in the dish have soaked up all the juice. So. Good! The rice cakes were cooked well; no gooey mess!Not to mention to check came out to be just a little bit less than $10 per person! What a steal!
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,4/23/2014,110,103,9,14,7>I'm writing this review from the car because I need to get word out about this place as soon as possible.ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! One of my new Chapel Hill favorites. I had no clue a taste so amazing could come from such a sandwhich. Subway has ruined my sandwhich taste buds I think.I got the famed BLT on sourdough and added their Homemade Pimento Cheese. With food in my mouth, I pronounced to the entire place "Wow. This is amazing." I don't know what made it taste so amazing, but it was.I also tried the peanut butter pie. It was very good. If youve got a sweet tooth like me, I'd recommend it.It is kind of small and I heard it gets packed during lunch so I'd try to pick a quiet time to go and enjoy the bliss. I thought it was cool there was local art for sale on the wall. The interior is really nicely done and I love the fresh but rustic feel they have going on.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,4/22/2014,16,30,2,10,7>I give Crema 5 stars because, in no particular order:1) It was initially recommend by the J&F Gemelli hair stylists as the only coffee they will drink and something about them just makes me think they all know their coffee.2) My mom loves it. Enough said. If mom is happy, everyone is happy. She can finally get the red bean buns that she's been craving since she left Korea decades ago (her exact words). Ten stars. 3) Mom loves it so much she ordered my little sister's birthday cake and asked me to pick it up. The cake is so beautiful you ALMOST don't want to eat it--except that those little heart-shaped dollops of creamy mocha goodness are calling my name. See pics.4) They use really nice packaging, which I as a paper and packaging snob, really love. Again, see pics. I'm going to keep and reuse the cake box--it is that sturdy (my pics don't do it justice). I normally order La Farm's chocolate cake for special occasions (which is amazing)--now I have another equally good option but the nicer packaging might make the difference (the La Farm cake comes in a standard thin white box and it can be hard to get the cake out and onto a nice serving platter). 5) It is owned and run by a husband-wife team. With two sons, like me. Just trying to make a dollar out of fifteen cents to support our rug rats. 6) They offer organic coffee. The shop is cozy and cute and convenient to me. It also isn't the madhouse that La Farm is (although may be soon when people catch on to how great it is). 7) The mocha coffee cake was AMAZING. It is a lighter cake--reminds me a lot of tiramisu (fresh, light cake that is moist and has a very light fluffy topping).  Also, when I googled them when I got home and saw their cringe-worthy "under construction" website I felt inspired to take out the camera and try to take some shots of the cake that do justice to how great the cake is as well as Crema overall. I can totally relate to being too busy running your business to invest the time and money in things like a nice website and photos. But it is a shame when such a great concept isn't being well-represented online. That's where Yelp comes in, I guess.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,4/21/2014,77,189,1,7,4>Thanks to the numerous Groupon offerings, Mrs. B and I  have been to Nofo quite a bit more than we might normally go. We've also tried a few more things on the menu than usual as well and have really enjoyed all of them. A couple of our favorites are the fried oysters and the spinach burger. The shrimp and grits and crab cake are pretty good as well. Probably my one complaint with the menu is that I wish they had a few more items in the $10-14 range. As it is, the menu is under $10 or over $16.The atmosphere is kind of southern kitschy with a hipster tint. Definitely a good place for a date night. They do take reservations which is good since it has been a bit busy some of the times we have gone. If you're there during the day be sure to check out the shop upstairs for some fun gifts. A lot of the items up there are from local folks.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2011,1/13/2012,289,148,12,11,15>I usually eschew Irish Pubs for fear of white drunk dudes and their usual shenanigans but Bull McCabe's is nothing like I thought it would be. First of all the waitstaff is just plain sweet, especially that blond firecracker behind the bar and the tall gentle man with the whimsical beard. The haunters of Bull McCabe's are also super sweet, all smiley and well dressed. Outside there was the most attractive perfect haired, dewy eyed hipster couple drawing together. I don't mean each of them was drawing, I mean they were working on ONE drawing. Together. I die.The most important part of this review is the god damn burgers and perfectly seasoned fries that are served with malt vinegar. The burger itself is cooked exactly as a medium burger should and is so juicy that a tear of joy tries to force itself out of your tough guy eye. The bacon is thick and crispy and the veggies are all fresh as hell. I swear, I died in that burger's arms that night and came back a saint just because my lips touched the grass fed blarney stone called The Irish Western Burger at Bull McCabe's.I rarely ever give 5 stars. Do not fuck around. Eat a burger here.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2011,1/12/2012,41,224,8,9,5>The best way to visit Foundation is to avoid Friday and Saturday nights. Stop in on a random Thursday and you will have your choice of seating inside or up on street level, while still being busy enough that you don't feel like you're missing the party somewhere else. You can't call a place like this a "secret", but it does give you that little knowledgeable thrill to go down the stairs into this quiet, chill spot. Another perk of avoiding the weekends- I've never been asked to sign up for a membership or show a card. Ever. All of the drinks here are fabulous and it seems like I find a new favorite every time I go. Most recently is a cocktail called.. I forget. Maybe I had a few too many? :) Well it's called "An Honest Man" or something along those lines. A something man. Maybe Honest is wishful thinking on my part. Don't worry about what's in it. You'll love it. Just try it. One star docked because Foundation has, quite literally, the absolute worst website I have ever seen for any bar. Anywhere. EVER. I suppose it is supposed to enhance the whole speakeasy "mystique" by not giving away any information- to keep you guessing?- but it could not be more annoyingly UNinformative if it TRIED. Always keep 'em wanting more, Foundation- but if the only info on your website is your address and phone number, save yourself the money of having a website at all, bc I can get that info from Yelp.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,1/11/2012,67,240,3,7,6>I had my reservations about Nanataco, but I am very happy to report that I was pleasantly surprised! My reservation stemmed from the fact that there are already quite a few affordable and authentic Mexican joints in the Durham area (in my humble opinion) so I was not sure where Nanataco would fit in. Ultimately, I think it fits into a nice little niche of fresh, more upscale yet very affordable Mexican cuisine.The restaurant is in the old Fish Shack location, so it's not really in the best of spots but I guess it's not the worst of spots either. There is a nice little outside patio with an overhang that you can choose to sit on. We chose to do so during one visit during a rainstorm, and it was simply awesome! There's nothing like chowing down on some good food while in the midst of a downpour yet remaining completely dry. But I digress...The food is pretty darn good here. There are the standard burritos, quesadillas, tacos, and tortas that come with your choice of meat, but there are also dishes such as fresh fish tacos, chile rellenos, and duck confit that add a bit more spice to the menu. The food is super fresh and tasty, and there is a decent salsa bar to compliment your dishes. You gotta love the ol' salsa bar! There is also a $6.50 lunch special that includes two tacos (with your choice of meat), rice, and your choice of pinto or black beans. By no means do they skimp on the amount of food that comes out on your plate, and the rice is quite tasty! To satisfy any sweet tooth you may have, Nanataco also offers freshly made milkshakes and cupcakes for dessert. Yum!All in all, a great addition to the Durham dining scene, and I sincerely hope that they find success. Yeah, I think Nanataco is going to become a regular spot for this guy...
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,1/10/2012,84,91,1,8,6>506 has style. Loud and dirty style.506 is smaller in comparison to it's down street competitor venue, The Cat's Cradle, although this size works for this venue. There's not a bad seat in the house and it makes shows much more intimate.I love the fact that there is ample seating surrounding the main stage floor space so if people want to get a drink and rock out while perched atop the side wall seats you're more than able to.Like Cat's the door and bar are CASH ONLY. An ATM is kindly placed inside for your cash needs but if you want to avoid ATM fees, come with money.Unlike Cat's, to get in you will need a membership ($3 sign up). Unlike some places in Downtown Raleigh one person with a membership will *not* get your friends in with you so be prepared to drop the $3 at the door if you don't have a card. A friend asked if you could take a picture of the card and carry it on your phone for re-entry instead of carrying the actual card and they said this was A-OK. According to Andrew R's review they also have a list of members on hand at the door if you forget your card. Smart cookies!!Drink prices are terribly reasonable -- a well drink cost me $4 on a Saturday night while a pint (Shotgun Betty - local beer FTW!) ran around $5 (according to my in-head breakdown of prices based on 2 pints and a well). If I'm wrong, please correct me.They do sell ear plugs for $1 and I advise picking up a pair if you don't have your own already. The music can get LOUD (which music is supposed to do obviously) but you don't have to walk out ears ringing to enjoy a good show!The one thing that blew me away here were the acoustics. Absolutely stunning. I strongly recommend this venue for a band. Especially a band you absolutely love because you'll get to see more of them, on and off stage.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2011,1/9/2012,38,77,,8,2>Came here with 3 friends on a Saturday night a few weeks back.  Overall I enjoyed my evening and would definitely come back again.  The space had a great atmosphere and lots of cozy places to talk (or not) with a sexy someone.::: Pros :::--No cover for ladies on Saturday.  This could have been because we called ahead to get put on a 'list', but I'm not sure.  Doesn't hurt to call in advance if you know you'll be stopping by.--DJ played interesting music.  Can't say it was what I had been dying to dance to all week, but it was definitely nice to take a break from Top 40/Rap and hear something a bit more techno.--Bars closed at 2am, but the DJ was still playing music when we left around 2:30.  This was awesome.  Instead of being rushed out and made to feel like an unwelcome, trashy party animal, I left the bar relaxed, smiling and happy.  I know it turns into a loooong night for the bar staff, but wow, it was a really nice experience.--Coat check, $1 per coat.  The gal up front handles this.  (Winter is coming!)--Crowd was certainly diverse.  There were sexy gals, prowling gents, hipsters and even a guy in a wheelchair.  --Management fixed a drink error quickly.  I noticed my drink was missing the sugared rim, and moments later the bartender was back with freshly sugared glasses.  Some people could spin this into a con since my drink shouldn't have been messed up in the first place, but I like to give them props for how they handled it.  Sugar is the way to my heart (or at least my sweet tooth!) --Outdoor smoking patio was right off the dance floor, and a nice place for others in my group to grab a smoke without having to walk all the way out front.--Oh my gosh, can't believe I almost forgot this: there is a machine right off the dance floor that pumps out freezing cold air.  Wonderful for when you're overheated from shaking your booty.  The air comes out of moveable pipes connected to an astronaut sculpture.  Just hit the button and feel the arctic blast.  Badass! (Disclaimer: it had broken down by the end of the night.  But it was nice while it lasted, LOL.)::: Cons :::--$5 cover for guys.  I am very anti-cover so this was sort of a drag.--Back bar had menus listing their special cocktails, but didn't have the proper ingredients to make the one we asked for.  Our second choice tasted pretty awful, but sadly I don't recall the name of it so I can't steer others clear.I will report back in the very near future after I take the Mixology course!
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,1/8/2012,139,155,4,11,10>After hearing friends RAVE about this place (so good! so cheap!), I made tired puppy dog eyes at my boyfriend when he asked what I was making for dinner. He took the hint for once (phew!) and suggested we go out!  On a tight young profesh/grad student budget, we don't eat out often and when we do we try to get large portions on the cheap. This place fit the bill so well.The whole place feels pretty authentic. Awesome music playing, decorations, kind of a worn and loved feel to it. And posters about domino night on the wall. Whattt, I haven't played dominoes in YEARS, and it made me totally want to come back on Wednesday and check it out in all of its random glory.They have a great selection of drinks to choose from-- authentic beers, sodas and my favorite-- Coconut Water. I LOVE this stuff and this is the first non-Whole Food type restaurant I've seen serving it.  It totally made my night before I even got a chance to taste the beyond-delicious food.Andd this place must know the way to my heart because the next thing I saw was a SAUCE BAR. Of course I had to try them all--  The green sauce was nicely spicey and not to cilantro-y (i hate the herb); the yellow was like a mild honey mustard; and the hot sauce was smokey and hot and perfect.  Wonderful accompaniments to every part of the meal.The chicken itself  is great-- nicely spiced. The skin was not really that crisp, but that was fine by me because it was way less temptation to eat the fatty part.  Underneath it was juicy, tender and perfect. Extra green sauce please.As far as the sides go, we tried out the black beans, french fries, yucca fries and fried green plantains.  I was not so into the yucca but my boyfriend really loved it; the fried green plaintains were too breaded and fried for me, but again my boyfriend loved it.  Black beans were a little salty, but made an awesome lunch with my leftover chicken the next day. Fries were basically thebomb.com. I was more than stuffed with a quarter plate, but next time we go I think it might make sense to get the whole chicken and split it. Leftovers make me happy :)And upon leaving, I found out they have recycling for your beer bottles and cans. I think I'm in love.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2011,1/7/2012,24,91,4,8,7>I have always loved the Carolina Rollergirls.  When we lived in Raleigh a few years back, we rarely missed a bout, and now that we're back in the Triangle, we were excited to head back to Dorton Arena and relive the spectacle.  It TOTALLY didn't disappoint, and it was really like old times again.  We ate some junk food, browsed the names and bios of the new skaters who've joined the ranks over the years, geeked out over the evolution of the game and new strategies they were employing, and (per the usual), I started fantasizing about my future as a roller girl.Seriously, though, this is some of the best, most wholesome entertainment I can imagine.  The Carolina Rollergirls have always done a great job at making roller derby an event for an entire family and for an entire range of ages.  They've got plenty of great half-time events, mascots, and crowd interaction, and then on top of that, they're just awesome athletes competing at a really high level.  These women are flat-out amazing.The best part about the Rollergirls, though, is how congenial they seem to be.  Despite the high level of competition and the bruising nature of the sport, I've always gotten the impression that off the rink the teams hang out and really support each other.  Derby-girls stick together.  It's encouraging to see a group of women who a) kick ass at their sport and b) have each other's backs.Maybe the word I'm looking for is sportsmanship.  And if I had a daughter (or a son, for that matter), I'd take them to see the Rollergirls set a great example.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2011,1/6/2012,42,116,,6,4>Joe and I headed over to Calavera for a little snacky something one night while we were out and about. We were absolutely pleased as punch with those delicious empanadas! We ordered drinks which were very good (Pisco sour type drink and a mojito). The drinks were very good, although I do admit we didn't try tequila. We were really there for the food.I was expecting the traditional meat encased in dough empanada, but was so very pleasantly surprised when these light, flaky, crusty, meaty pies showed up at the table, each in their own little bag with some delicious salsa on the side. We ordered the Piggly Wiggiy, Picadillo, and New Mexicana. All were delicious. Next time, we will order twice as many because we were so sad when those three were gone. Each empanada is $3 and that is the best use of my $3 in a long time at a restaurant! The service was great and the restaurant decor is very cool. These empanadas are not a fast food, but so worth it!
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2011,1/5/2012,24,139,4,9,4>If "surf" inspires thoughts of bright lights, sunshine, water themes, or bleach-blond boarders, or "club" inspires thoughts of bumping music or Jersey Shore, think the opposite on both fronts. This new addition to FullCo Row is about the closest thing Durham has to a basic neighborhood bar. It's small, dark, quiet-ish (for now), and a good place to chat with friends or strangers or stealthily listen in on conversations around you. The bar is gorgeous. The booths look nice. It's completely comfortable all around. Randomly, the bright-tiled men's room is completely out of place: it somehow reminded me so much of high school that I cracked up laughing -- both from that fact alone and because of the contrast to the rest of the place. (I'll have to leave it to someone else to report back on the women's room.) Bathroom-you-can-turn-around-in aside, the interior reminds me a lot of a nicer, calmer Fed. The best parts: (1) The atmosphere and space are awesome, as described above. (2) Beers are all 12-oz. pours, which I really like (more sampling!), and cheap ($2.50-$4), which I double-really like. Great selection. (I'm thoroughly pleased that they have Anderson Valley's Boont Amber on tap, which is delicious and tough to find.) Also great selection of liquors, which are apparently also cheap. (3) Jim, the daytime bartender who works into the evening (and also works the door) is superbly attentive and an entertaining conversationalist. On my first visit I felt like a regular. Not a bad start. He's worked at Whiskey, among other places, so he's probably a familiar face to many, though wasn't to me. The cons: (1) Rhys (part-owner of the Fed, Whiskey, among others, and full-owner here I think) seems to have also brought in at least one bartender from the Fed. Since service at the Fed is one of my least favorite things on earth, I'm wary of how that might influence the place. (2) Yet another place with no food. I'm pretty sure this area has a secret mission to see to it that I starve. Not content to be without stuffing my face for too long, however, I went down to the BBQ truck parked conveniently at Motorco and brought back a plate. Later I went to Parker & Otis and retrieved a full pound of pimento cheese to snack on. Take that. (They seem to have no problem with bringing in food, in case you were wondering.) The pros easily outweigh the cons, at least as far as my first visit indicates. I'm happy to have this place close to my house. Great addition to the Durham scene.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2011,1/4/2012,55,264,4,8,5>We've eaten here many, many, MANY times since the original review.  If we weren't such old farts, we would probably have phones that allowed us to check in.  The place has really settled into its groove.  There are new plates and now the dinner portions have gotten bigger ... this Chubby Girl says "yay!"  The food comes out consistently hot.  The spice level consistency has gotten better too.  If you or the server are in doubt if you're on the same page, ask for some spice on the side to add more as needed.  You can always add more spice, but you can't take it away! Just to clarify - they DO still participate in the punch card/free meal program.  Perhaps the earlier reviewer was referring to lunches, but for dinners (the only times we've dined) it is still going strong as of this past week.  It is a great money-saver.I've also started to ask for some substitutions to meals - specifically their pad thai says shrimp and I SO don't eat those things.  If something on the menu is "almost" perfect, just ask if it can be changed up a bit.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,3/8/2014,69,194,2,7,4>My family stumbled in for dinner on Friday quite unexpectedly, and it was amazing! We weren't aware this was a "Tapas" place from the street--I actually thought this was an Asian/sushi place because of the name. Oro translates to "What?" in Japanese--I only know this due to my teen obsession with the Rurouni Kenshin manga...Anyways, back to the food! We split 8 orders of tapas between 5 people:- Truffle Mac & Cheese (2) -- Absolutely DIVINE--could not get enough! Medium-sized casserole dishes were filled to the brim with this heavenly, cheesy manna- Fish Tacos (2 plates with 4 tacos) -- Large chunks of crispy grouper, mango salsa, and thinly sliced cucumbers. Paired with the wasabi guacamole, this was the BEST tapa dish for flavor.- Fried Chicken & Green Tomatoes (1) -- best green tomatoes I've ever had! I would recommend order one plate per 2 people. Chicken had a sweet, honey-flavored brine.- Smoky Ribs (2 plates) -- perfectly done and delightfully tenderOur eyes were definitely bigger than our stomachs (hence, my mom placing our entire order all at once). I would recommend PACING yourself through your meal... The dishes WILL come out fast! You definitely get a LOT of food for your money. NO kids--this place is ritzy... Also, I recommend wearing something dressy because it is more of a *lounge* than a restaurant. The people around us were either on dates or out for after-work drinks/desserts. I'll just say there were a lot of yuppies... My only negative was that when we got to the door, we were told there was a 30 minute wait since we had no reservation. Meanwhile, there was a handful of empty tables around the room. After my mom pleasantly chatted with one of the hostesses for 5 minutes, she cleared a table for us. Being nice can get you places. Definitely will be back to try the rest of the menu!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,3/7/2014,104,463,3,8,4>Looking to venture a little further from our neighborhood for a weekend lunch, we found Sake Bomb via some other good Yelp comments. We felt a little sheepish "cheating" on our neighborhood favorite of Shiki, but Sake Bomb is very good!I can't really speak much to atmosphere because we were one of only two or three parties in the whole place at the time. The decor is appropriately described by other reviewers. As others have mentioned, Sake Bomb offers the critical BOGO deal which makes it competitive. The roll offerings were a change of pace, but a lot of the classic favorites are enjoyable, too. We liked seeing a few rolls with jalapeno inside and the one that had pineapple was good too. Unfortunately, I can't remember the names of everything we ordered.Our server was friendly and full of suggestions. Final verdict: Very good, but not so different for us that we're going to abandon our local favorite. However, it's definitely worth the drive for a change of pace.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,3/6/2014,51,119,5,32,13>Let me say that the new Cafe Soo is on track to be amazing.They bought an old Japanese/Vietnamese joint and are working their tails off to make it uniquely Korean. They are painting, carving, and styling that place to look just like some neat places you might see in Cheongdam, Seoul. Very impressive. They have a beer and wine bar, a very large dining area, a neat waiting area, and the best part, noraebang! Noraebang is available (for free), in the private party room which requires at least 10 people for access, but considering that Star Karaoke charges $40.00/hr for this, I'd say that this is a real winner. The one challenge they have is timing. If you have a large group and know what kind of chicken you want, call ahead.Also: They will reopen their old site near NCSU on the first floor of the Marriott Hotel which is taking over the old lot. 2015, I think...
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,3/5/2014,696,308,1,6,4>I would give them 4 stars, but the price was just a little bit steep for me (but it's a local copy shop, you expect to pay a little extra).I needed 100 copies of my company line card, and I needed them on thick paper... Not cardboard, just thick... Took the guy about 5 minutes, but it was $52!!!  I have a printer at home, I could have just bought stiff paper for 30 and did it myself...But overall, good service, friendly staff, quick... Not a bad place!
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,3/4/2014,25,162,6,8,5>I'm not exaggerating when I say these were the best donuts I've ever had. I'm so glad Monuts is in Durham, the opposite direction of where I live and work. Otherwise I would be 400 pounds in about 2 months. Well, maybe 3 months-- I have a high metabolism.The shop is perfectly quaint. Not pretentious, not too big, not too small. There are a good number of tables and chairs, and a bar area near the front window. I imagine this place gets really packed at times, but when I went on a weekday around 10am, there were two open tables and I got the feeling they were winding down from the morning rush.They make good coffee, gave us some "no complaints" mimosas, and I even had a (homemade?) bagel with (homemade?) cream cheese. All of these were fantastic, yet can't even compete with those donuts. Almost crunchy on the outside, and nice and fluffy on the inside. Who knows what these things are made of, I can only guess fairy dust and unicorn glitter. Pure awesomeness.Also, if you haven't already seen the episode of Donut Showdown on The Food Network with Monut's Lindsay, you should try and catch it. *Spoiler alert* Lindsay was robbed and should have won the whole damn competition. Silly judges are silly.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,3/3/2014,72,289,1,8,3>I really recommend this place for anyone that likes to try different types of sushi rolls. I didn't try the burgers but the sushi rolls were amazing. Extremely filling though. I would recommend only 1 roll per person. The prices were reasonable. Recommend trying the prime time filet roll, the surf & turf roll and the deliverance roll (really neat roll!).
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,3/2/2014,43,194,1,6,4>I finally got to try Porchetta when it was parked at Raleigh Brewing over the weekend. I am glad I did!I chose to order the Mediterranean (pork, red peppers, caramelized onions, garlic aioli and mozzerella) and my husband went with the original (pork, provolone and mustard). I think my sandwich was $8 and his was $7, which at first I thought was a little high until I saw the size of the sandwiches!The sandwiches came out in a little over 5 minutes. Lucky for us there was no line! The bread they were served on was fantastic! Soft, tasty ciabatta. The flavor of the Mediterranean was great! I especially liked the garlic aioli. The sandwich was pretty messy though, so make sure you ask for extra napkins! I tried my husband's sandwich as well. I also liked the taste of his but we both agreed that overall mine was better.They also offer sides, unfortunately the night we were there they had run out! I will be sure to try one of their other pork sandwiches when I run across the truck again.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,3/1/2014,72,124,1,6,4>Checked out Pogo for the first time today. Much to my surprise, the menu was quite expansive. I settled on a build-your-own burger (made with grass-fed beef) and mac n' cheese as my side. Both were delicious and priced well for lunch. The crowd was a mix of families from Marbles/IMAX and some downtown professionals on their lunch breaks. Would definitely recommend for families!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2013,2/28/2014,12,337,1,5,4>First stop yesterday for lunch while returning from Raleigh. They were busy; but, we were seated quickly. We had the blackened fish sandwich & the cheeseburger, both with house-made chips. Food was great, burger was the best we've had in the Triangle. Service was quick & attentive (we ate in the bar area), and the price was reasonable for our meal. Although it's very loud, we'll definitely return and try the dinner menu.  We like the group of restaurants owned by these partners; they're all good!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,2/27/2014,114,375,3,6,4>I used to be down on Tyler's but I have come around on them. The food is good not great, but it's pretty much exactly what you expect from Pub Grub. **The burgers are a'ight (unf. the claim of "fresh ground" beef doesn't hold up since they can't make 'em medium rare)**The wings are pretty good**My wife loves nachos and theirs are pretty solid; we got "Carolina Nachos" last time which was mostly pulled pork and cheese sauce**Beer selection really can't be beat**My kids are now obsessed with this place because of the wiki sticks. They get 3 packs each every time. **In the end it's not too expensive, you can feed a family of 4 for under $50
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,4/1/2011,175,190,10,8,6>Warning!!!!   Please do not go here unless you are in sweats, pants with elastic waists, have ample room on your belt to relax a couple notches, or what I recommend and whole heartedly support "Pajama Jeans".I chose this restaurant at the recommendation of the Yelping Monster otherwise known as the Asian Sensation - Ron W.I took some of my employees here for dinner, and we had all perused the menu on-line.  My first recommendation is to hold out for the specials.  We had reservations at 6 for 7 and we hung around outside for a bit as we arrived a tad early.  Salivating through the window at the dessert display counter, we were starved when we finally got in.  The pictures on the internet don't do this place justice.  The restaurant is small, inviting and while cramped it's pretty cozy.   Our waitress took our drink orders and walked us through the specials and the menu.  The bread showed up and was an assortment of flavored carbohydrates.  Jalapeno cornbread, buttermilk biscuits and sourdough bread all hot and tasty.  I ordered the mussels for an appetizer.  This was a BIG mistake.    Unless you smuggle a gaggle of pygmies in with you - this "starter" should not be selected for one individual.  I don't know how our server managed to get this bowl to the table, but I think I heard it groan when this thing hit the table.  The mussels were flavorful, well seasoned and swimming in a tomato rosemary soup laden with bagel "chips".  These aren't really bagel chips, unless you're the jolly green giant.  This was a whole bagel, crisped up nice and crunchy and chopped into fourths, then dropped into the bottom of the bowl.  I think the reason that they were thin was the pressure of the mountain of mussels loaded on top of them.My entrée came out and I smelled it before it hit the table.  I could almost feel my arteries hardening as I looked into the bowl of pillowy ravioli stuffed with herbed ricotta swimming in a bowl of a substance that could only be thought of as brown butter with a brown butter sauce in a brown butter reduction.  Perched like a hawk on a bed of wilted spinach and caramelized onions was a hammered and sliced chicken breast which had been thoroughly crusted with pecans-candied at that.  Strewn about in a haphazard way, I'm assuming to add to the "healthiness" of the portion were port reduced cherries.  Needless to say, i almost went into a food coma after soldiering my way through the meal. Two glasses of excellently flavored Meritage helped me in the digestion of my meal.I had to tap out and take my dessert to go.  While I write this, I can only imagine the herculean effort it took to cut and lay the slice over into the to go box.  Easily 3.5 pounds of chocolate cake drizzled with chocolate sauce and sandwiched between layers of peanut butter mousse beckon me to come home and delve into it's glutenous folds.  It was a great meal, a bit pricey but well worth the expense for a once a year spoiling of my employees.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,3/31/2011,108,135,1,11,7>I try to base each review of how well I think a business lives up to what they are 'supposed to be'. So yeah, there's no way that Village Drafthouse could compete with a place like Guglhupf, and it shouldn't have to. And it's never going to be James Joyce either because of the location. That just wouldn't go over in Cameron Village. Despite that, I honestly can't think of a single reason not to give it five stars, so....there you have it! 1. Huuuuge draft beer selection: They have amazing Unibroue seasonals, local NC seasonals and a wide variety of high gravity beers.2. Huuuuge consistently tasty meals: I've never been disappointed by a meal there. I've sampled a wide variety of the menu over many visits and found everything to be consistently delicious and we always have leftovers.3. Cool Staff: People there are generally friendly and funny. We nearly always get the same server and he's a beer genius, funny and friendly every time.4. Open, yet cozy dining area: We usually grab a booth in the dining area off to the right. It's pretty low-lit and the booths are soft, bouncy red leather/vinyl. The walls are decked with TVs along one wall (which I generally try to ignore but sometimes provide some amusing trainwreck-style viewing).5. $3 pints on Wednesdays (includes some high grav, y'all!)All in all, if I'm in the area it's between Cafe Caturra or Village Drafthouse. If I want to sip wine and enjoy a lighter meal I'll go with CC, but if I'm starving and feel like tossing back a few cold ones, Village Drafthouse is top of the list.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2010,3/30/2011,254,415,3,10,5>Yes, I do believe this is as good as it gets, for a number of reasons. Here's the need to know list:1) They have a selection of men's clothing, so you don't have to fly solo or on a girls only trip for this one (Bonus!). 2) The staff actually treats you like you're spending money there, rather than just waiting for you to make your selections and get out. They will actually start you a room.3) Styles are current or timeless, for the most part, in a range of price points. 4) The purses, shoes and accessories sections are not something to dismiss.5) The dressing rooms actually provide privacy, even though they're all fancy and cloth-doored.6) And finally, I am always able to leave with something I really love, at a really good price.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2010,3/29/2011,64,257,3,6,5>Vegetarian options beyond salad at a barbecue place! Can you believe it? At Q Shack, it's more than a fantasy -- it's tasty, tasty reality. While the potato salad does have bacon (alas), the baked beans are vegan and the tender fried okra, kid-and-adult-friendly mac and cheese, sweet potato fries (try them with BBQ sauce), nicely seasoned pasta salad, thick onion rings and crisp, mustardy, just faintly sweet slaw can all be yours!  Try the jalapeno deviled eggs too, if you have any room left after their generous portions.My meat-eating friends both Southern and Northern rave about the pulled pork and baby back ribs, though the Great Sauce Debate rages on. Fear not, because at Q Shack, you can have it however you like it! Sure, it's not the best for a low-sodium, low-fat meal, but hey, it's a barbecue joint, not a Weight Watchers meeting. For you fans of sustainable eating, Q Shack also sources vegetables and meat from local farms. Whether you like your sauce vinegary or sweet, your food meatless or porktastic, mosey on over to Q Shack, get yourself an iced tea to go with your meal and relax outside while you enjoy some Southern specialties.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2010,3/28/2011,69,760,4,6,5>I wanted to take advantage of the BOGO coupon I received in my email, so last night, I waited till my bride was sleeping and then proceeded to subliminally talk her into going out to lunch with me today and she agreed.  I quickly reminded her of that discussion when we woke up this morning.  We walked in the door, were greeted with a smile and seated quickly.  Our server, Ashley, quickly came to the table and introduced herself and as I was pulling the  BOGO coupon out of my shirt pocket, she quickly reminded us of the terms on the coupon - no appetizers to serve as entrees.  By the time she was finished explaining all of this, she asked us if we were ready to order drinks and of course, my little girl was ready to order her mac n cheese with a diet coke, a fruit salad and ice cream sundae.  Ashley came back with our drinks and I don't think it was but a minute or two after that the mac n cheese came to the table.  Ashley asked if we had questions, if we were ready to order and we weren't - we were still looking over the menu.Y'all remember the Sunday Morning cartoon strip "Blondie"?  Her husband, Dagwood, was famous for building a sandwich even a giant couldn't fit in his mouth, thus the sandwich every family coined "The Dagwood" and that's exactly what I had this afternoon for lunch, a Dagwood Club.  I have finally found the 2nd best sandwich between Northern Virginia and Raleigh, piled high with ham, turkey, mayo, tomato, Lettuce, sprouts and I think there was a slice of cheese on there and some bacon bits but I don't remember at this point, it was good - really really good.  The loaded potato cakes were pretty darn good too!  I was in second heaven.My bride ordered the pesto grilled chicken sandwich and she thought the world of it, although it was so HUGE she ended up having to eat it with a fork and a knife.  I stole some of her onion rings - (shhh don't tell her) mmm mmm good, no condiments needed!We skipped dessert, we were stuffed, AND we had leftovers to put in the cooler bag.  It was tempting to bring some home but we still had a lot of shopping to do and felt it wouldn't keep in the car.  Besides, my bride made me a strawberry rhubarb pie (second to none), so I'm not hurting for dessert anywhere else.Twisted Fork Rocks for a Saturday Lunch!!!!!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2010,3/27/2011,74,57,4,8,6>I'm in love with every bartender at Foundation. They make my drinks with love. They use fresh basil, mint, citrus zest, and real honey. (The lads are easy on the eye, too.)If you love Bourbon, take a walk downstairs to Foundation's exposed brick-walled bunker and hunker down for a few nips. My favorite right now is the honey Old Fashioned. If Bourbon's not your thing, try a Moscow Mule (a gingery vodka concoction) or the moonshine cocktail that's blended with champagne and crushed ice (tastes similar to a French 75). The atmosphere is fun and cozy, so plan on staying for a while (but don't come hungry because there is no food). We stopped in for one drink last night and closed the place. I can't wait until winter so I can get snowed in down there!
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2010,3/26/2011,117,315,6,7,6>At the literal fork (standing on the corner of Tucker Street and Glendwood) in the road, "I'm CA-RAVING baklava" I sheepishly wined. "What in the world? Ok. Where? Let's race."  Blackberry vs. iPhone to find  the exact address for Turkish Delights - I won, go Yelp for Blackberry App! Trek three blocks (yes, I said trek, I was in three inch heels and a summery LBD) to the cute little purple craftsman style house. "Is this someones house?" No, seriously, IS this someones house - do they live there? There were a bunch of kids toys on the stairs leading upstairs but I digress. I was a woman with a mission, baklava. They had ice cream (thinking "oh detour, no stay on course, BAKLAVA") and a ton of baklava. So many choices, but I only wanted one little rich square of warm, ooey gooey, nutty baklava. "Walnut or pistaschio?" "Um both?" Heaven. Sweeter than honey!
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2011,3/25/2011,100,280,20,33,14>I'm not brown, but I've got pretty good street cred w/ the brown crew.  Around the World Market is as authentic as you can get outside of Toronto (where South Asians make up 12% of the population).  And yes, its name is Around the World Market, but what they mean is "Around the World...to India!" Market.  You're not gonna find caviar here.I especially love Indian sweets b/c they contain 3 basic ingredients in descending order of composition:  BUTTER, SUGAR, and a tiny amount of flour.  So feel my pain when after a year of living in the Triangle and I found pretty good/authentic Chinese food (hell, even an acceptable dim sum place!), but still no good Indian places.ENTER SCENE:  AROUND THE WORLD MARKET. *Cue me sobbing with joy.*First off, there's a legit pastry display at the front of the store.  BURFI + Susan = TWU WUV!!!1!!1!!!!!111!You get a box, you point out the pastries you want, you pay $6.99-7.99/lb.  The store is deceptively small, but it's basically the brown version of Grand Asia near the border of Raleigh/Cary.  It opens up very far into the back and I easily spent 30 mins just *browsing* for a single-person household.It's got fresh produce - BROWN STYLE.  We're talking Indian bittermelon (uglier than Chinese bittermelon & also more bitter), fruits, 20lb sacks of onions (sorry, not brown enough for that), like 4 aisles worth of frozen goods, and everything else you would want.If you're brown or have adopted it as a second culture and have never been to Around the World....well....stop being a poser and go to Around the World!Also: There's a small buffet/resto attached to the restaurant.  $10 for buffet, basically the best Indian buffet I've had in the Triangle with naan made fresh-to-order.  AT A BUFFET!  IN THE TRIANGLE!!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2010,3/24/2011,152,347,3,17,8>This place deserves more reviews. so legitimate. We shared family style with a table of 5, and everything we got was really delicious and authentic. They also don't use MSG, which made it work-lunch friendly.They also have taiwanese dishes like pork chop rice with minced pork sauce. I'm DEFINITELY going back for that. I have been meaning to find some taiwanese fare about this area.Pickled Mustard and Fish Fillet Soup - Refreshing, sour, delicious flavourful thick fish fillets, and not too salty. For those who loves the sour/salty flavour combo, this is the one for you. I'd just get this with a bowl of rice and call it dinner. Crispy Fillet with Chili Oil - The fish slices were thick and breaded, fried in spicy oil which gave the breading a nice kick. The szechuan flavour definite came through with the hot peppers and peppercorns. It came right out of the fryer. I'm not a huge fried food person, but the flavours really came through on this one.Mapo Tofu - The quintessential szechuan dish. They used soft silk tofu for this dish and was definitely the most spicy out of everything we got. I feel that the mapo sauce wasn't strong enough to balance out the blandness of the tofu. Or maybe my tongue was already numb from the fish to be able to taste anything. Everyone else at the table seemed to have enjoyed it a lot, so I was definitely the minority party pooper on that one.Taro with short ribs - The meat fell off the bones of the ribs. Delicious softness of fresh taro chunks and that thick sauce (almost like diluted mashed potatoes). It was delicious. They were also not stingy on the meat, the dish had more ribs than taro! Pork with smoked tofu - This is a jia chang cai - family regular dish. Something your mother cooks for dinner. This was not oily, the pork was very tender. I just loved how they allowed the simple smoky flavour of the tofu to come through, rather than covering it with immense amount of salt like some other places. Pork with Bamboo tips - Another jia chang cai. I love bamboo, its one of my favourite vegetables. Often times, restaurants make this dish super oily. This was not one of them. It uses the same sauce as the pork with smoked tofu and same stir-fry ingredients, just w/o the smoky flavour. If you don't have a chinese mother, don't fret. Come to C&T wok.Did I mention that the chinese waitress are not typically jaded and provided awesome service?
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2010,3/23/2011,59,237,3,10,4>My wife and I have adopted the moniker of 'old' Rockford and 'new' Rockford to describe the two stages in this restaurants life.  I have to say, new Rockford is everything the old version was, but improved 10 times over.The menu remains almost the same with the same non-GloSo (Glenwood South) pricing.  Most dishes land around $8 with a side.  The daily specials are still named humorously, but there are normally two small plates and two large offered (old way was just one of each).  The food was always great at old Rock, but I have been three times since the reopening and the food is even better now.  The sides are less about potato salad or fries and more about healthy veggies.  I have tried the succotash and brussels sprouts and been impressed with both.  The ingredients seem fresher and the execution rock solid.  The new Rock staff actually act like they want to be helpful where the old Rock staff could have cared less (which arguably added to the atmosphere).  It sure is nice to have good service though!  The bar selection is just as good as ever and the drink prices are very reasonable.  Here's the kicker, they now have outdoor seating.  I about did a back flip when I walked out onto the deck/fire-escape and found four tables and a beautiful view of Raleigh.  Sweet!IMHO, there is no place better to grab a tasty, cheap, healthy bite in DT Raleigh than new Rockford.Tip:  Sundays are buy one large plate and get the second half off.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,12/9/2010,89,99,9,12,6>Turning the 'France is wimpy' stigma on it's head - because their food is KICK ASSThe place is small, maybe 20 tables which I LIKE and prefer. The staff is gracious and attentive.  More pluses!(Not any grief about substituting a tablespoon of rice for a table spoon of greens.)The menu is simple, the food is local!(Plus I've never personally had a member of their kitchen muscle in front at the Farmers Market to buy out ALL the blueberries and turn to Meg T and say "oh well." - YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE!)I can't believe this place is this cheap for what it is!You might be thinking, "Man, a french restaurant - that means I'll be paying $20 for like 5 bites of food."  You would be WRONG!  This is some of the best food I've tasted locally in a long time for this price. I will hate the day when it's a 2 hour wait because it 'will be' when word gets out, but I don't care this place deserves the props.Smoked Trout with Horseradish Creme Fraiche.  BAM!Provencal Mussels. POW!A Calamari dish. BANG!Duck Terrine. SMACK!Duck Confit.  KAPOW!Under $30 bottle of wine that tastes delicious - T.K.O.Kitchen! Kitchen! Kitchen!
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2010,12/8/2010,109,358,3,4,4>Oh so good!!! I randomly wandered in here on the AM of the Sparkcom festival looking for some caffeine. I left with so much more. First off, just loving the man at the counter. So so sweet and helpful. I was so so sick at the time so I got some tea and tom yum hoping to be able to actually breath. The man at the counter asked me about how hot I wanted the soup and I requested it extra hot despite his warnings. Well, as you may have already guessed the soup was hot. As a big tom yum fan I was super impressed. It is not easy to find good Tom Yum as in most cases it seems as if someone dumped a can mix into hot water and served it. This was not the case and I really enjoyed the spice mixture and was actually able to taste fresh lemongrass. HOORAY!Finding good thai food is not easy so I am so glad I found you Spize even though it was an accident.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2010,12/7/2010,12,337,,5,3>Yea!  The long-awaited Only Burger shop has opened, on Shannon Rd near the US Post Office.  They add a new dimension to this newly-created food destination, joining Pop's Backdoor, Rick's Diner and Tonali in providing outstanding food in a quiet location.  This was our first visit and it was wonderful:  clean shop, friendly service (and quick), great burger, great fries and reasonable price....with seating inside or outside.  I think we have a winner here! Give it a try!
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2010,12/6/2010,44,284,,3,3>This ain't no french bread bakery.  It's an actual French Bakery.  The space is a little small, which isn't good when it's even a little busy.  I can't imagine the lunch crush.  With a pretty concise cafe menu, these guys churn-out the food pretty quickly, so maybe that helps.  My fiancee had the croque madame, which was good, but they ran out of gruyere and replaced it with a not-so-equivalent cheddar.  I had the world famous tuna, which was really probably the best I've had.  Portions are not French-y, we ended up taking half of our meals home.Not sure if it was just the holiday spirit, but they had samples everywhere.  We'll be back to try the rest of the menu and maybe some good breads for home.4 stars for the downright decent fare.  It's a nice change-up from Panera, with better, authentic starches.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2010,12/5/2010,67,201,,7,5>My wife and I have been meaning to give Bosphorus a shot for a long time now.  We went on  Tuesday night with our 10 month old daughter - always an adventure :)The place was empty, but we got 5-star service.  I gathered our waiter was the owner's son.  Most polite waiter I've encountered in a VERY long time.He brought out some wonderful pita bread and an interesting oil, garlic, pepper dipping plate.  I could have just ate this all night to be honest.We started with an appetizer, the Cigar Boureks.  Basically feta cheese wrapped in bread and lightly fried.  Wow, these things were awesome.  Like cheese sticks minus all the grease.For the main course, my eyes were drawn to a dish labeled 'Spicy Hot', the Adana Kabob.  I think I pleased our waiter when I asked for this dish, apparently he likes it.  He asked how hot I'd like it, and I answered 'authentically.'  He took mercy on my soul and said he bring it out 'medium' with the spices on the side in case I wanted to perk it even more.To be honest, it wasn't that spicy, but it was very very good.  The bulgar  and greek-salad went very well with the meal.  I would have enjoyed trying out some of the baklava, but our daughter decided that some very piggy-like squeals were called for and we didn't want to annoy our fellow diners.An added bonus, they have a carry-out menu, and I noticed several regulars stop in for food to take out, a very, very good sign.I would definitely come back here again.  One note, they don't have your standard staples of soda/ice tea/beer/wine here, although I did read you can BYOB.***** So weird! *****On a lark got take out here last night, and woke up this morning to see that the review had been picked for the 'Review of the Day'.  Well, I hope Bosphorus gets as much good press as possible, b/c it is well deserved.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2010,12/4/2010,46,74,,13,4>We are big antique lovers in my family, and we stumbled upon Hunt & Gather about 6 years ago. As I was finishing up my college degree I looked forward to the day when I would one day be a homeowner with enough room to haul home some of the amazing pieces (very reasonably priced!) that my mom and I would see at Hunt & Gather.Sure enough, this is the first place that I went looking when I bought 5 years ago, and the pieces from there are some of the most distinct within my home. As the first reviewer noted, there are some things on consignment and as such there are sometimes vendors that are extremely off the mark so far as their pricing is concerned, but as the vendors have a little "nook" where all of their wares are grouped together, when you stumble upon such a situation it is quite easy to move along. The vendor is not themselves there, so there's no sense of awkwardness about the whole thing. For the most part, however, I have found that the prices here are below market and what is for sale is only of the best quality. Happy Hunting!
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2010,12/3/2010,25,363,2,7,4>I have to say, "children's museum" is a wee bit misleading. Kidzu is more like a giant playhouse. I took my 9-month old here today, and was surprised at how many things she could do. We spent most of our time at the "Tot Spot" in the back of the building - this section is for 0-24-month olds only. There's a little play area with a low wall, filled with blocks, toys, and fun surfaces to crawl on. The whole thing is made out of fabric/leather/gym-mat type material. Being able to send her into the play space and not worry about her pulling up on furniture, bumping into sharp edges, or grabbing something she shouldn't have was worth the cost of admission. Elsewhere in Kizdu, you'll find: a play kitchen, garden exhibit, play fruit and vegetable market, arts and crafts table, puzzle area, building area (the big foam blocks are great for younger kids), dress-up clothes, the Gravitron (which transports wiffle balls up to the ceiling and shoots them out through a series of tubes) and space to curl up with your kid and read a book by a NC author. A one-year family membership (2 adults and 4 children) is $75. I probably won't invest in this until my daughter is a little bit older, but if your kids were in the 2-5 age range, I think it would be totally worth it. You could bring them by just to play or to attend some of their weekly events: storytimes, arts and crafts days, etc.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2010,12/2/2010,48,186,1,11,4>On a whim, and since right now I don't have a kitchen (long story), we stopped by Yuri for dinner.We normally don't take the kids to a place like this one, mainly because they are pretty rowdy and I remember being on dates and seeing rowdy kids and wished they'd have hired a sitter for the night.BUT...that particuar night I said, WTH.  We went.  I asked for one of the tables that seat you on a pillow on the floor, with a hole for your legs.  The kids got a huge kick out of that, and I didn't have to worry about anyone falling off a chair during dinner.We ordered a bunch of different items from sushi to tempura to soup to desserts.  WOW.  It was absolutely EXCELLENT!  The children inhaled almost everything off their bento boxes, and really enjoyed the miso soup.  They even ate the salad, which was surprising to me since it's kind of an adult flavor dressing in my opinion.  (Yummy!)Desserts consisted of a variety of ice creams.  Mango, coffee, and green tea.  I'm on a diet, yes, but I tried them all.  I probably gained a pound but it was worth the setback.  Their ice cream is delicious, especially the mango.We will definitely go back to Yuri!
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2010,12/1/2010,84,91,,8,5>Whenever I go out of town I keep my dog here - it's a little on the pricey side but quality is seldom cheap.The staff is amazing, always chipper and helpful. Which is especially refreshing when you are dropping the dog off before vacation with a million little things to do before you leave and your brain has entered that state of liquified mush.There's so many activities for the pups to do and they get ample time outside to play with other dogs! I recommend cuddle time once a night and at least one movie night per stay :)I can be at ease when I know they have a vet on site so if anything should happen, god forbid, help is not far.I'm fairly certain the facility acts as a doggie day care as well with the same activities and outdoor time as boarding. What I love about boarding though is when you come to pick up your furball they've had their nails trimmed, been bathed and spritzed with a splash of puppy cologne (I recommend the cucumber melon).I like to spoil my dog and this place has spoiled us both with service and ease.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2010,11/30/2010,46,40,6,13,9>I don't usually give 5 stars because I am seldom "blown away" by any restaurant...especially Italian.  Gravy deserves 6 stars, so let me tell you why.I recently visited Gravy on a Saturday night for a birthday celebration (actually 2 birthdays).  We were all tardy due to a biker festival closing the streets downtown and very limited parking on this particular evening.  Even though we were all tardy, the hostess held our table with no complaints.  1 starWe gathered at the bar for a pre-dinner cocktail and started talking with the bartender (who was very knowledgeable of the wine list and imported beer selection).  We even met the chef Tony Fusco.  Tony was an outgoing guy that is passionate about food and likes to discuss it (my favorite subject too).  We talked about the menu and then he suggested we try the duck prosciutto appetizer.  When I asked for a menu suggestion, he didn't hesitate to say the Sweet Pea and Mint Ravioli in a Lamb Sauce (more on that later).  Just then a complimentary duck prosciutto appetizer appeared.  2 starsOur party was seated in the basement which was small, but cozy. (The hostess offered to hold the hat, of one of  the men, at the hostess stand)  We soon discovered that this night was our server's first night at Gravy.  Unfortunately, our birthday girl was the victim of the server's first "oops" at Gravy.  When our drinks arrived, one of them went straight down the back of the birthday girl's shirt.  She excused herself to clean up, the server broke down, and we went back to our conversation.  All of a sudden, the manager named Chip appeared.  He addressed the mishap and was genuinely concerned and apologetic. (The server did the right thing by informing the manager immediately.)  Within 5 minutes, our table was filled with complimentary appetizers.  (Risotto Cakes, Calamari, Caprese, Salumi)  3 starsWhen it was time for entrees, I went with the ravioli as Chef Tony had suggested.  I was a little skeptical, but he was very convincing.  When it arrived, I saw a plate of house made ravioli each one the size of the palm of my hand.  The pasta was al dente and filled with an interesting filling of peas & mint, with just a touch of sweetness.  The lamb sauce would better be described as a lamb bolognese...and it was awesome!  When I surveyed everyone else at the table, they all loved their dishes as well.  4 starsOur server then suggested that we have dessert.  We were all stuffed, but it was a celebration...so we ordered a few.  We had Tiramisu and Peanut Butter & Jelly Cake.  They were great and large enough that we had to take some home.  Served with birthday candles and a visit from Chip to make sure that everything was up to par was a nice touch.  5 starsOn our way out, we stopped at the bar to see the score of a game on TV and chatted with Chef Tony.  He immediately asked what I had and wanted my critique...and was very please when I told him that I thought the ravioli was amazing.  As we exited, the hostess even stopped the man with the hat so that he wouldn't leave without it.  6 starsJust go and see for yourself.  You'll be glad you did.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,8/10/2013,230,281,,6,5>A "torii" is a traditional Japanese gate, and the Torii Noodle Bar doubles as a top-level entrance to Kanki. It is also one of the mall's newest and tastiest restaurants.The Torii menu is very simple: noodles with broth, or rice. So far, I've enjoyed both the pad thai and the spicy udon noodles. I also tried the crab-fried rice, or "Kankichahan", which was good but honestly too much rice for me and not enough vegetables. I'd recommend sticking with the noodles.The environment isn't as nice as Kanki, since people are constantly walking in and out to catch the elevator down. At one point, I noticed an entire family wait inside Torii for a car to pick them up at the curb outside Torii. But, if you're bothered by that, I recommend ordering some sake! The unfiltered sake (it's milky in color) is the most popular and my favorites. You can order a carafe of it if you are sharing. You can get to Torii from the elevator inside Kanki or from the top-level of the mall parking deck near the Glenwood mall entrance. It seems that Torii is significantly less busy than the other mall restaurants, so it may be a good spot if you are pressed for time.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,8/9/2013,73,128,1,5,2>I give alot of 4 stars but I think Five Star really deserves this one.  I love the interior brick/warehouse feel and the accents of graffiti and Asian-themed decor.  It kind of feels like a club but that's because it turns into one later at night.We popped in on a Friday at prime dinner time without a reservation and were given a 20 minute wait.  Space opened up at the bar before that so we posted up for a quick meal.  I felt like it took too long for the bartender to acknowledge us but after I retrieved a menu from the hostess he perked up and more than made up for it by small talking with us as much as he could.  I like how he spoke of Five Star's sister restaurants and the past and upcoming events...if you can't get your staff to say good things about you then you might be in trouble!I thought the spring rolls were lighter than most with a unique dipping sauce and the fried pork dumplings were very tasty too.  The crispy sesame beef really blew us away.  A heaping portion of crunchy, sweet skirt steak filled both our bellies and we left happy.As others have said, this isn't the most traditional Chinese food but it made me feel like a maneki-neko (lucky cat).Also, I think it's pretty clever their tag line for advertisements is "hide your cats."Happy eating!
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,8/8/2013,6,72,1,8,4>I tried Top This! on Franklin Street in Chapel Hill for dinner this week. In fact, I tried it twice. On Tuesday night I was on my way to a UNC baseball game about 5:00 when I drifted by this new restaurant located in the space previously occupied by Jack Sprat Café. I decided to give it a try.The décor has changed very little since Jack Sprat. It's still college-town casual. The specialties now, though, are burgers and roast beef sandwiches.Being a burger maniac, I went for the Angus burger on a whole-wheat bun with peppercorn, melted provolone and sautéed mushrooms. It was outstanding. Thick, juicy, neither over- nor undercooked. I chose an IPA from a local brewery from among half a dozen beers on tap and topped it off with sweet potato fries. The fries were excellent. Management pushed the sweet sauce hard, but I preferred them without.I may have had a better burger in the area, but I haven't had many. Milltown's burger is perhaps better, though more expensive. (My meal without tip was about $15.) Buns has a good burger, too, but Top This! is going to be tough to beat.UNC played again the next evening and my older son wanted to go with me. We decided to walk to the game and grab dinner on the way. I told him about Top This! He wanted to try it but didn't want to ask me to go to the same place two nights in a row."It's fine, I told him. I'll try their roast beef sandwich."The manager had told me the night before that their top seller is a roast beef sandwich with the same peppercorn topping I had on my burger, served on an onion roll. I ordered it along with the same IPA and regular french fries this time. The regular fries are as good as the sweet potato version.I'm not a huge fan of roast beef sandwiches. I like them OK, but I rarely order them. I suspect Arby's destroyed any interest I may have ever had in them. But I have to tell, you, the Top This! roast beef sandwich is to die for. Burger or roast beef will be a tough decision for my next visit.If I have a complaint with Top This! it is that there menu is incredibly complex. They meet you at the door to explain it and recommend you stick with a few popular combinations and avoid the ala carte menu until you are "used to it". No menu in a burger joint should require a 5-minute tutorial.Still, if you're on Franklin Street looking for a burger and a beer, or a roast beef sandwich, Top This! is an excellent choice.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,8/7/2013,264,1065,5,6,5>For my 950th review, I'm going to focus on a mascot that most everyone in the Triangle can love:  Wool E. Bull.  I mean, look at that guy.   He's having such a great time.   He gets to hang out with Chewbacca!Wool E. Bull does a lot of wonderful things:  he hangs out in the community, and in fact all over the Triangle (I once saw him on the UNC Campus!), he goes to charity walks and other charity things, and he even sometimes dresses up as Santa. Really though, you best know him from Durham Bulls baseball games.  He has a lot of fun at those baseball games, wandering the crowds and hanging out with all the kids and people and players.  He can never win that race against the kids, but he tries.  He has his little car that he drives around.  He even has a shirt cannon.  Basically, Wool E. Bull is awesome.  That is all.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,8/6/2013,18,134,2,5,4>The Warhol is what Raleigh needed for a more sedate gay crowd. Who wants to go to a loud crowded night club all the time? At Warhol one can relax and have a drink and actually talk. The place is modern and shiny not at all like Andy's Factory back in the day but still has great ambience with comfy sofas and gay feathered pillows. There are also silver chrome-ish tables and prints of La Warhol and friends. Drinks were around six dollars but they are rather small. If you get hungry you can always go to the Borough next door.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,8/5/2013,50,44,4,7,4>I love this place.I've been going to the Retreat at Brightleaf since they had their soft opening something like 18 months-two years ago. I love the decor and staff. I've had one hinky experience with a facialist because my skin reacted poorly to a product, but I seriously cannot think of going anywhere else for a facial or massage. My boyfriend says Kevin gives fantastic deep tissue massages. Emily is a good calm esthetician. I seriously am terrible at remembering all the names of the people who've worked on me, but its by far the best place for pampering in the Triangle. I would suggest liking them on facebook and following on twitter so you can get the monthly deals. Also, try their Taste of Durham services, they're so unique and awesome. I want a massage now....
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,8/4/2013,23,286,3,10,2>Absolutely the best place in the triangle area to buy seafood. They have a fantastic selection and they will prepare any of the fish however you want it. The fish is always very fresh and the prices are reasonable, about half what you pay at Whole Foods. They do a great business so if you go on Saturday they will probably be jamming, but it is worth a short wait. I just wish they didn't close at 6:00 during the week since it is hard for me to get there from RTP by then.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,8/3/2013,10,134,1,8,4>Quite simply; I love this place.  I would truly miss coming here if it ever closed, or I  ever moved away from the Triangle (again) .  After careful consideration I had to give it 5-stars.  Why do I love thee so?  Well, let me count the ways:It's simple Southern and local inspired food and yet the meal is sophisticated as anything you would get in any great foodie destination.  It's set in a comfortable dining atmosphere, but you can still have fun and sit at the bar to have a 3 course table meal.  After all it is a "diner"!  In fact I like sitting at the bar; you tend to chat with your neighbors a bit more and see what they're getting too and what they've had they loved.  Ambiance is great.  Always see a great crowd with different walks of life folks.  I certainly can't fault their restaurant music selection too as it sounds like they're streaming from all the music in my iPod.I have to mention that we've always had great waitstaff experiences.  Always engaging even when busy and happy to talk to you about the different menu items.  I would be remiss without mentioning their drinks menu rocks!  They have a great selection of cocktails, wines by the glass or craft beer for sure.  I've already gotten in the rut of ordering the same cocktail though when I get there: the Garden & Gun club.  Maker's Mark Bourbon, Cointreau, lime and well maybe one or two other things but it's bitter and fantastic.  And I appreciate their wines by the glass but specifically I love they have my local brewery favorite: Fullsteam on tap. Mmmm.  The staple item on the menu is the Marconi au gratin and it is indeed rich, creamy and awesome.  You should get it to share at least...or maybe not share.  As to the rest of the food...well the menu changes quite a bit but, but sufficed to say  everything I've had has been to my complete satisfaction.  Even things I wasn't sure of turned out to be the best part of the dinner for me so be adventurous is a tip I'd share...oh, tips!* Yes, all menu items are on chalk boards scattered throughout the restaurant and depending on where you sit you may not have a great view of it all (starts/main corse/desert/drinks).  I got several complements in the restaurant on my good idea for those of us carrying Smart Phones (a la iPhone) as long as you are not obnoxious about it and and respectful to your fellow eating patrons (turn off your flash!) take a picture of the menus so you can look it over at your table all you want, and hey you get a keepsake from your meal too!* Even though it's usually crowded there is ample (free) parking usually across the street just for the restaurant.  I noticed some people miss their parking lot and park in the city upper deck parking lot on the corner.* Yes, they don't take reservations for nightly regular dining (although they do for special events) and usually there's a crowd but other than making it back in time for the baby sitter go with plenty of time with the "show" being dinner. And hey, that's what the cocktail menu is for!  Have an aperitif (or two) to mellow you out and have a good time while you wait.In my humble opinion, this restaurant marries quite a few good things together extremely well which is why I hold it in such lofty 5-star status.  Ultimately it's about the food and Chef Ashley Christensen does it very well.  I've never met her but her menu speaks to me as a born and raised Southerner pulling traditional bits of Southern variety foods (think sweet potatoes, brussel sprouts, figs, turnips, pimento cheese, Outer Banks seafood, etc. Eastern NC BBQ) and does very interesting and tasty things with them that I haven't had anywhere else.  It's the flavor of the area and being a good localvore I'd be proud to take any out of town visitors here and say: "Hey, here's a great foodie destination of what Raleigh NC has to offer!"
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,8/2/2013,114,375,1,3,3>I have been coming here for 8 years and they've stayed consistently good.**The brisket is tops in the Triangle.**Get the pulled pork at an NC place.**You can't beat a jalapeno deviled egg at 50 cents a pop.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,8/1/2013,51,74,,9,1>Great seafood! I have loved this place for years now, but a week ago my steak was not the greatest and I had to send it back, select a different menu item. The quality of the food is always fresh and delicious, plus a wonderful waitstaff.  Try not to eat too many of the huspuppies before your entree arrives, cause they are quite tasty! FYI: this place is closed on Mondays. Tuesday-Saturday opens at 4:00pm. Sundays at noon.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2010,9/7/2010,611,755,8,19,10>There's a saying that when one door closes, another opens up and that's definitely true for the brand new, David's Dumpling & Noodle Bar.  After moving on from the Duck & Dumpling, David Mao (no relation to Mao Tse-Tung) has opened up this new, modern Asian restaurant in what used to be Red, Hot and Blue (and previously Daryl's).  Inside it hasn't changed much: a large U-shaped bar, three separate rooms with a lot of brick and some nice prints showcasing dumpling-making skillz!   I stopped in on DD&NB's opening night so in all honesty, I wasn't expecting much.  But the place was quite busy, testament to David's reputation in the Raleigh area.We started off with a bunch of food!  One beautiful looking wonton soup (check out the pic), David's dumplings, and a fantastic roti with curry sauce.  All the appetizers were solid but the amazing roti was paired up with a rich, flavorful and delicious curry with chicken and potatoes, whoa...  For the main dishes we had a great rice stick noodle with shrimp along with tender filet chinois. Both were really solid and clean-tasting.  Dessert ended up being poached pear with ginger ice cream and a flourless chocolate cake, a very happy ending to a good meal.  Service was a bit hit or miss but given it's the first day, I don't expect much.  Prices were REALLY reasonable, perfect for the slightly smaller portions.  Overall I think David's Dumpling and Noodle Bar was impressive for it's first day.  For the ambiance, food and price I think it's going to hit the sweet spot for Hillsborough Street and the local college population.  It delivers great value and excellent food while still remaining hip and interesting.  The beauty of it all is now we've got two solid Asian eateries in the Duck & Dumpling AND David's Dumpling & Noodle Bar!  Enjoy both because you can't go wrong with food this good at these prices...
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2010,9/6/2010,194,183,,10,5>People never believe me when I tell them about this awesome Chinese place inside Kroger.  But the food here is solid.  I recommend ordering off of the Chinese menu, instead of the normal fast food items like General Tso's or sesame chicken.  Try the beef with runny egg and chicken tofu wrap.  You can also ask the (server) lady what she would recommend.  Pretty much can't lose.Authentic Chinese food for a really great price.  You miss out on some atmosphere, but you can easily take it to go.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,9/5/2010,64,264,1,9,6>This is a cute farmer's market located in the parking lot of University Mall (near A Southern Season), complete with live music. As expected, all the farms are local and you can buy fresh eggs, produce, meat, and cheese. Some of my favourites include the 'Bundt Lady' (of Big Bundts), Hillsborough Cheese Company, and the Southport Seafood Company. I think I have also seen for sale: handmade soaps and candles, knitted children's clothes, arts and crafts, and plants. The vendor and merchandise selection may grow as summer nears; right now there are probably no more than 15 to 20 stalls, and hours are limited. However, in the coming months they'll be open earlier on Saturdays from 8am to noon, and also on Tuesday afternoons from 3 - 6pm.Although you won't get the variety found at the nearby larger Carrboro Farmer's Market, everything here is fantastic quality, fresh, and local, and chatting with the friendly vendors is a treat in itself.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2010,9/4/2010,19,126,14,10,6>Where to begin with this one...let's see, well the wife has been dragging me around on a yogurt tour of the Triangle the last few weeks, so I think we've hit just about every major chain/indy at this point.  I need to address a few things first, after reading through some of these reviews.  The home of "organic and healthy" is Carrboro, not Cary.  I know they sound kind of the same, but it's very different, trust me.  A quick drive down W. Main Street followed by Cary Parkway would clear this up. One is full of people walking, riding bikes and driving hybrids.  The other is full of guys in BMW's with bluetooth headsets and giant SUV's trying to run you off the road.  I'll let you guess which is which.  Also, let's talk about frozen yogurt for a minute.  Just to throw a couple numbers at you.  The average 4oz serving of Skinny Dip has 3 grams less sugar than 4oz of my current go-to favorite, Local Yogurt.  Not to say this is a big deal, because the main ingredients in all frozen yogurt...are...wait for it... milk and sugar.  I don't care how "healthy" and "organic" you want to pretend it is.  It's still milk and sugar and you will still get fat if you eat it all the time, no matter how much less eco-guilt you feel...Ok, I'm sorry, we all had to see that, but let's move on.  The Skinny Dip is pretty darn good!  The yogurt flavors were all tasty...even the vegan soy german chocolate.  The toppings were extremely fresh.  Next time I might just fill my bowl with pound cake slices!  They also have Doggy Dips, in case your best friend has a body hair problem and chronic halitosis, like mine does.  I probably won't head this far out of my way very often, but if we are in the area, I won't be complaining as much when the wife wants to stop in for a treat.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2010,9/3/2010,77,107,3,7,4>With our $25 Restaurant.com gift card in had we slightly hesitantly tried Ichibar last night. I was pleasantly surprised at the nice decor and open space of the interior. We were seated in a spacious booth and quickly brought a hot towel to wipe our hands. After quite a bit of discussion over the sushi menu we settled on a selection of rolls that included the Carolina roll and the ninja roll and one other.... sorry I can't remember the name!! We also had an appetizer of spicy seared pepper salmon in a spicy eel sauce. All of the rolls were very fresh, beautifully prepared (not too big), and only one even had a drizzle of spicy mayo which was actually a great textural addition to this particular roll. I appreciate a sushi menu that has so many options free of cream cheese, spicy mayo, tempura, etc.... Sushi to me should be fun and fresh, and I want to leave at least feeling like I had something healthy! There was a steady stream of customers for a Wednesday night (P.S . this is BOGO free night) and a couple of tables near us were trying some delicious looking entrees as well.  I am so excited that Ichibar is so close to our house and just down the street from Sushi-Thai in Cary.... I will be choosing Ichibar from now on!
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2010,9/2/2010,85,119,4,8,8>I can't tell you how many times I've passed by this purple house on Glenwood and thought - what the hell is that?  My family was visiting from Miami one winter and they wanted to try Turkish Delights out.  Unfortunately, it was 40 degree weather and my family was in the mood for ice cream?  They ranted and raved about how amazing the ice cream was but I wasn't going to take advice from lunatics who think ice cream in freezing weather is ever a good idea.  Fast forward 2 years later, I realized they were right.  Their ice cream IS good! This time, we had some out of town friends visiting and it was summer weather - perfect for ice cream.  The usual spot I like to hit is A La Mode in Wake Forest but I wanted to change things up a bit.  The ice cream was outstanding.  I didn't think pistachio ice cream could get better than A La Mode's but I prefer the Turkish Delights version.   Just to give you an idea - I'm very picky when it comes to ice cream.  It needs to rich and creamy - the way ice cream is supposed to be.  Turkish Delights hits all the criteria for what I think great ice cream should taste like.  They have patio seating available but there were too many bees around and I had the baby with me.  Too bad because it was a pretty day!  Thankfully, there was indoor seating available.   Turkish Delights also has an assortment of unique bakery goods and coffee.  My husband had a Pecan Chocolate Baklava (to give you an idea).  He didn't like it but I thought it was very good!  I'll see you again this summer Turkish Delights  ;-)
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2010,9/1/2010,16,20,8,7,8>I kinda date this place, so it's really unfair for me to write a review. Suffice it to say that the Foundation completes me. True story. From their bourbon selection to the heat behind the bar (I'm talking Ginger Spice kids) I can't get enough of it. Never mind those nay-sayers that claim she's too spendy; visit her of a sunday...shit be cheap, yo'!Dear Foundation,I can't imagine a life before you. Nor can I fathom an existence where you no longer exist. You complete me.Love, Geoff(Call me...)
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,8/31/2010,29,71,,9,5>Durham Catering catered our wedding this past weekend.  They made the event spectacular!  We got married on the main stage at the Carolina Theater, and I was a bit worried about the aesthetics, but between them and 9th Street Flowers, it was beautiful!  The food was fantastic as well.  We went with and upscale Southern menu.  Pimento cheese, pickled okra, country ham wrapped asparagus, and ratatouille.  The shrimp and grits were the best I've ever had.  I wish they'd open a store front , because I would never go anywhere else.   The staff was so nice and professional, everything was just "done" with no stress to me or my groom.  They even went so far as making sure that my new husband and I had a plate of food waiting for us in the dressing room.  I can't say enough about this company.  Communication during the planning stage was effortless, and every detail was perfect.  The chef/ owner was so great with our budget, and I never felt pressured to spend more than we could afford.  They even allowed us to provide the beer and wine without a corkage charge!  As an unexpected surprise, they gave my husband and I a present of a Joy of Cooking cookbook with a delightful note from the Chef/Owner Tom and a nice bottle of sparkling wine.  They nailed every big and little detail.  I wish we had parties more often so I could use them every month.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2010,8/30/2010,290,175,4,6,5>Fried Green Tomato Sandwich.Now we're talking dirty.If you can master the art of the fried green tomato, you're on my favorites list for life. They only have it for lunch though, so I was crushed when I went in for dinner a few weeks later. But not too crushed, because the dinner was pretty darn good too. The ingredients they use are fresh, which really raises the quality of their more simple dishes. I would prefer to go here for lunch to be honest, that's because I'm obsessed with fried green tomatoes though. You can't really go wrong here for any meal. I've heard the brunch is AMAZING from a few friends and I intend to try it out. But I wanted to write this review now, just in case there were any fried green tomato fans waiting for a heavenly treat to fall from the sky... watts grocery is that heavenly treat...
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2010,8/29/2010,55,264,4,7,5>I am a dental-phobe and never in my wildest dreams would I imagine giving a 5-star review to a root canal.  Maybe because it was my first time with nitrous and omg... can I get some of that to go?!?My dentist suggested 2 endos and chose this place based on the reviews here.  Pre-registration was so easy online via their website.  The procedure was painless (honest!) and just sort of like any other filling.  The worst part was the x-rays.  We can operate on people's eyes and hearts with lasers but we have to stick a giant, medieval torture device into someone's mouth to take a picture?  The second worst part was the bill.  It's a little irritating that my insurance will verify via the telephone or web that they pay for 80% of a root canal but the office made me pay 50% up front, promising to send me the difference after insurance pays them.  This is a clearly stated policy, though - so it wasn't a surprise.  Just annoying.  However it wouldn't prevent me from returning in the future.The office is modern and has a small staff.  Because it is small, it is peaceful and I didn't have to pretend that someone's crotch spawn is cute as they are running around the office screaming.  The staff is absolutely, positively fantastic: very caring, patient and kind - everything you need when you're getting a root canal.  They are very concerned with your pain level, from the time you make the appointment to afterward - they want to know so they can help you!  In addition to being nice, they are really *good*.  Go to their website and read up on Dr. Ritter's background.  It's very impressive. If you have to have a root canal, this is the place to go.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,6/13/2011,108,135,2,5,6>Yay! City Beverage! The first time I visited City Bev I sampled a friend's nachos and knew I'd be back for more. Recently, I got that chance and I'm really glad I did! It was late on a Monday night, but the place was fairly full of patrons. There was a wacky group of aging punks hanging around the pool table having a birthday party (complete with 4 dozen blue cupcakes). The rest of the interior was very pleasant in a low-lit tiki-lounge / exotica sort of way. I grabbed spots on the sofa while the boyfriend bellied up the bar.The bartender was a bit sleepy, but still pretty nice. I ended up with a pint (or two) of Foothills Seeing Double IPA (YUM, by the way) and the boyfriend had some Two Hearted Ale.The bartender was also our server, so when he came by we ordered the lamb entree and a spicy dumpling dish. It was a bit of a let down when he came back to tell me the chef was out of lamb (or didn't want to serve it - who knows, I respect the chef), so I ordered the Country Salad instead. The salad was very large and quite good, but the dumplings were fantastic! I would definitely get those again.That area around SouthPoint is a bit chain-y, so I'm really glad that a place like City Bev exists in that area. It's a chill little spot where I know I can get a good meal and down some delicious brews and I will definitely be back!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,6/12/2011,19,87,,10,4>Have completed my tour of the local sushi places and this the hands-down-no-need-to-think-about-another-place favorite.  We drive 20+ minutes from northwest Cary to get here, with our mouths watering and talking about what to order on the way.  Once seated, it is a consistent medley of fresh fish, ingredients, sauces, creative and artful presentations, and kind service.  Highly recommend.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,6/11/2011,48,186,,5,3>I did not like beer until I stopped in at Foundation.  They have an incredible cider drink that I'll probably want more of in the near future.  The staff are courteous, and even helped me when I (uhem) forgot my Yelp bag while trying to scurry out the door the night I was there.The dark beer served to us was also good, and I don't like dark beer.  Apparently they also serve home made sodas, to which I am also going to try on my next visit.The bar is in the basement of the building, which previously had no basement--they dug it out and Viola!  A really cool bar was made.  I can't wait to take my husband to Foundation!
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2010,6/10/2011,31,312,,5,3>The biggest asian market I've seen around here!  It's got quite the selection of grocery items and the typical knickknacks.  They also operate on a more modern scale than I'm used to (i.e. multiple cashiers and accepts credit cards).I also tried their dimsum (as I am a hardcore dimsum lover who could never pass up the opportunity), but was disappointed.  Perhaps they use a recipe from a different region, but the char siu bau tasted strange, almost like a sloppy joe.  The har gao was decent, but not worth $0.60 a piece.I will definitely come back for the selection of groceries, but probably not the dimsum.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2010,6/9/2011,50,82,2,5,3>Rockford v2.0 - thank your being as awesome as the original.  I finally got a chance to grab some lunch late last week, and was really happy to see my old favorites on there, as well as keeping up with seasonal sides.  I had the ABC, probably hands down the most popular dish on the menu, and it was as good as it's ever been.  My wife had a tuna sandwich, which I got to snake a bite of, and it was great as well.Service was a little better the last time I had been (a few weeks before it closed) but other than that, great to have a downtown staple back open for business.If you haven't been, go ahead and kick yourself, and then make plans to have some lunch, or dinner, in the next week.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,6/8/2011,41,224,,6,5>I took my son to Marbles on a random Wednesday when his preschool was out of session and my other kids were in school. Long story short, he had an absolute BLAST. I would definitely recommend you allot several hours if you want to really check out everything Marbles has to offer, and that's without attending any special classes or shows. Right off the bat the lady at the desk let me know that I could get discounted admission, no beating around the bush by letting me pay full price and (maybe) discover later that I could have saved a few bucks. For the amount of time we spent there, not to mention the fact that you can leave and re-enter for free later in the day, admission was an extremely reasonable $5. Some of the other reviewers have commented that this is more of a "playground" than a "museum". I completely disagree. Museums do not have to be boring lectures and taxidermied animals behind plexiglass walls. Yes, it's hands-on, but for the right age group all of the activities are incredibly educational. My son (5) had a blast learning from a staff member about animals in one room, playing with water and bubbles from another, building a "musical instrument" from loose materials upstairs that he could take home (free), making a "fingerprint pictue" (free), and ran around for over an hour in the Moneypalooza exhibit (admittedly, this would be more geared to the older kids for actual educational merit- my son can hardly differentiate between pennies and nickels, yet). The staff was incredibly patient and friendly. You would think with all the kids running around the "omg stop the screaming" factor would be unbearably high, but it was a surprisingly relaxing afternoon. Long story short: 5 stars, because it's both cheaper and more educational than an "indoor playground" like Monkey Joe's, but more kid-friendly than a regular science museum. That and my kids are now all begging to go after hearing him talk about it incessantly!
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2010,6/7/2011,295,331,13,5,5>The best part about ASS is their free samples.  Yeah, I've got a real Beavis & Butt-Head sense of humor, so that acronym makes me chuckle.  But, no, really, look for those samples, like crackers and cheeses, wine and beer, chocolates and candies, and what all.  Generally speaking, I go here hungry, and make several passes through the samples, and then leave with only buying one or two things.That's because everything here is *absurdly* expensive.  I don't visit ASS often because sometimes all those rich people wearing their pastel sweaters as they yak on their cell phones while driving their massive SUVs precariously through the parking lot make me want to tear my hair.  And, my gawd, it gets so freakin' crowded here on the weekends.  Agoraphobia attack!  Oh, well, and I'm so rarely in CH these days, it seems.  Maybe I would go more often if I lived there.  But I doubt it.That said, the stuff here is pretty rad.  I grew up in Germany, so every trip to ASS is like a trip down memory lane.  They've got a big walk-in beer cooler---takes up a whole room!---with all of my German favorites, plus a sampling of most every other beer you can think of from most every other country in the world.  You can build your own sixers, too, but expect to pay something ridick like $4 a bottle.  This is also a good place to buy wine, but I would visit any of the wine shops in Durham before I'd trek out to ASS for it.Basically everyone else talked about all the awesome stuff they have here, so I'll focus on my favorite thing (besides the freebies and the booze): the salad bar.  Their salad bar is my second favorite in the entire universe and I've been a vegetarian for twenty years, so that's saying a lot (#1 is Whole Foods, btw).  They've got so many awesome (some local) veggies, cheeses, and olives, that I could just die and go to heaven.  I always look forward to my couple-three annual trips to ASS if for no other reason than the salad.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,6/6/2011,117,315,13,13,15>Literally, when I dream I fancy myself a cute Israeli bad-ass assassin type kind of like Ziva David on NCIS. And then I wake up and remember I'm a shrimpy, wimpy, little woman more interested in yoga and my inner peace than channeling my inner warrior or bad-ass. But after a bizarre false alarm home intrusion incident which resulted in me defending our home from invisible burglars with a large silver Maglite and a Wüsthof kitchen knife, my roommate Liz M. shaking her head in amused disbelief decided it was time to learn a little something about basic self defense, for her safety and mine.We signed up for the Women's Self Defense Workshop ($20) and clad in our cutest yoga outfits ("Is this appropriate bad-ass attire?" I mused) on a beautiful Saturday afternoon, joined 18 other women all excitedly bouncing around ready for the next two hours of Israeli Bad-Ass training. It was instantly apparent (to me and probably everyone else) that I'm definitely not a bad-ass, and the 10-15 or so male and female instructors loudly let me know this as well shouting "GET AGGRESSIVE! KICK, GROIN, GROIN, AIM for the GROIN!"  In addition to the amazing workout, I got beat up and bruised (that padded mat kicked my butt) and best of all I did learn how to break chokes, grabs, bearhugs, and other attacks in realistic situations, like in the dark (they turned off the lights) and with random strangers.I wouldn't say I enjoyed the class per say (I'm still a peaceful person by nature) but it was an awesome challenge for this wimpy kid, and I'd go again as I definitely learned something useful like mess with me and I'll knee you in the groin two times and jab you in the head a la Emril's "BAM!" Sound effects included.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2010,6/5/2011,152,347,9,17,15>Ok, I know people are dying for reviews on this place, so here goes mine.On a Sunday night, it was pretty empty. Probably because people are trying to kill each other at the mall on the last Sunday before Xmas. We sat at the sushi bar, because I always like to see what other people ordered. I'm nosy. Our waitress was really nice. She was a total chinese mum who talked to us softly and smiled A LOT. We ordered the hot green tea that she had never failed to refill. The green tea was also japanese matcha (not powdered), which I love!! The seaweed salad was on a bed of julienne cucumbers, your typical flavour - Yummy. The gyoza was chinese style pan fried, and plump with pork. The gyoza dipping sauce was sweet/sour soy sauce, YUMMMM. We got the shrimp udon, which was stir-fryed with veggies (asparagus, carrot, zucchini) and big shrimp. NOT your dinky baby shrimp. It was also de-veined, which I've found some chinese restaurants not doing = PLUS. It wasn't oily or sticky. The teriyaki Salmon was placed on a bed of steamed veggies and a scoop of rice. The salmon had that amazing grilled "crust", that gave it that smoky flavour. It was glazed with delicious teriyaki sauce, not too sweet or salty. Really good.These "entrees" were brought out in small portioned, which I really love because they don't force you to gorge yourself one single entree. This gives you room to try a lot of different stuff!We got a bunch of sashimi, which were really fresh. The white tuna was delicious!!! The squid was sweet. We must have ended up getting 30+ pieces. So awesome.We also got the spider roll, and two other fancy rolls.I think the rolls are of equivalent to sushi love - Size and Quality.  The roll with the mango sauce was very good. The mango sauce is actually mango puree. =DI've never been to a made to order sushi buffet before, and I have really enjoyed their food. But make sure you come in with a HUGE appetite because the pricing is a little stiff. You basically end up paying $30/pp (incl tax and tip). They also have a non-buffet menu that is basically the same thing as the buffet menu, but might be a better choice for people with smaller appetites.I can't afford this as a regular, but definitely a special *binge* event place. =)
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2010,6/4/2011,59,237,2,9,6>Is it possible that a non-dive restaurant of foodie merit can actually open on Hillsborough Street??  The answer is now a resounding YES!David Mao is on to something here.  Several reasons this is going to make it in a location that is notorious for crappy food.- Amazing food with real variety.  We had 3 small plates and one noodle dish split between two.  The namesake dumplings are money.  We tried the open face steamed pork dumpling that was served in a neat silver pot.  Moist and delicious.  The shrimp spring rolls were pretty standard (good though), but the chicken curry with roti was awesome.  The roti was freshly fried and the curry was perfectly spicy and rich.  I could have eaten like 10 plates of it.  Last up was noodles with chinese greens.  Although not mentioned on the menu, it came with pieces of tender sliced pork and shrimp balls/dumplings that looks like little brains.  Very good and enough to feed two.  This is some of the best asian food I have had in a while.  Not just sauce, rice, and meat like I feel most places in the Triangle put out.- Price.  It is really hard to believe you can get this much gourmet style food for what they are charging.  I felt like I was robing the place.  Most of the small plates are $3.50-5, noodles/soups $5-10, and fancier plates for $16.  I think the best way to do it is order a bunch of small plates and split a noodle/large plate.  Talk about mass appeal.  The prices are going to bring in the college kids and the beautiful space/atmosphere will bring in everyone else (and of course the tasty food doesn't hurt).- Hours.  Open for lunch and dinner all week (except closed for lunch on Saturday).  The biggie is the fact that they are open late night.  Midnight during the week and 1am on the weekend.  The curry IMHO is the ultimate drunk food.- Beer.  Lots on tap (boo no NC beers, but many asian selections) and a large nice looking bar.  Makes being open late even better.- Service.  Outstanding.  Our waitress was so friendly and was on top refills/clearing/etc.  She staggered our plates coming out of the kitchen so we didn't feel rushed when moving between the small and large dishes (something buku hasn't figured out how to do yet).  David Mao even came out to check on us.I can not wait to go back.  I plan on working my way through the whole menu because everything looks good.  Oh, they do take out too.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2012,5/13/2012,96,25,13,6,6>I always enjoy Rue Cler.  It reminds me of love and sunshine dust.  It's like Paris in the rain...minus all the French people.If you have $15 on you and you are in Durham, go to Rue Cler for their (I have no idea what the French words are for it) French Word French Word Chicken dish.   It's divine.  Then get the Chocolate dish, spelled "Chocalat" in French...it'll melt your eyeballs straight out of your dome....in a good way.   If you have any questions or would like to learn French, please contact Rosetta Stone at 800.767.3882Au revoir
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2011,5/12/2012,230,281,8,10,8>Babylon is the Mo'roccanist (Mo-Rockin'ist) place in downtown Raleigh!Let's get some adjectives out of the way: hidden, unique, classy, and a little pricey. Babylon is not a place you probably want to go to multiple times a month for dinner, but I could totally picture myself regularly hanging out on their patio enjoying some apps. With some cool autumn air, the patio could be magical.It's hard to believe, but Babylon is across the street from the Days Inn. If you get a bottle of wine with dinner, you could probably have stayed at the Days Inn for a week with the same money.Ah, the food. The appetizer I ordered was a little disappointing, because it was nearly the same as the table bread & olives that were served ahead of the entree. My entree, the Royal Couscous, was very good. Samad (the owner of Babylon and Mosaic) informed me that they had actually tweaked the recipe the same day. The lamb was probably the best I've ever had in my life--it wasn't dry! The dish was very flavorful with raisins adding to the complexity.I can't wait to blindfold someone and take them here. They will be so confused and delighted at the same time.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,5/11/2012,152,347,6,9,8>ATTENTION: THIS IS NOT A BAR. IT IS A DRINK PLACE.Every time, I tell somebody about this place, I call it a drink place. I refuse to associate this little hole of awesomness to a grungy place filled with dirty drunken men/boys or nasty drunken women/girls. This place is so awesome. OMGOMGOMOGMOGM!!!!!!!!! I love how low-key it is. It's not uppity, nor does the bathroom smell like barf. I actually made a comment to the bartender on how I was impressed by the automatic flush they installed for the toilet. I'm very detail oriented, or just easily pleased. I love how knowledgeable the bartenders are. They don't just mix drinks, the create drinks. If you don't know what you want, but know what you are in the mood for, they'll be able to mix you something delicious and unexpected. They also have all kinds of fresh juices/fruits/herbs to mix your drinks with. The possibilities are ENDLESS!!!!!!!!!!!!!They also have a draft system for WINES. man, can I live there? CAN I?! (wait, now I sound like an alcoholic, I am not. I just really like the "scientific" approach they have for alcohol.)Mixology can be an art form and this place really plays that up and does the liqueur masters justice for their inventions. (Did I just pull that out of my bottom? Maybe)The bartenders are also really cool - nifty dressed, well showered and chill personalities. The best type of hipsters.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,5/10/2012,108,135,2,11,5>I can't help it! I just really really love Capital Club16!I've been with family, friends and 'just the two of us' and in every situation CC16 has been simply lovely. The open, naturally lit dining area is a door or two down from Neptune's / King's which makes good people watching - especially in prime patio-weather season when they have outdoor tables. There's a quaintness about the place that seems very old and very new at the same time. For example, the  fantastic art deco wooden chairs are actually salvaged from a New York automat (A FREAKING AUTOMAT THAT IS SO EFFING COOL) and there is vintage subway tile used in the decor.The servers are polite and friendly (while still maintaining a certain je ne sais quoi...funkitude). I've had to flag one down once, but it's par for the course. Also try their cocktails. REALLY GOOD STUFF. There are even fun parties there with DJs and complementary chaffing dish munchies if you check their social media...And...just in case you're wondering...the food is amazing, satisfying, spot-on delicious. We're talking lobster mac'n'cheese, heirloom tomato & watermelon salad, refreshing sandwiches, creatively simple entrees. This is the kind of place that can pull off  both (1) having tasty vegetarian / vegan dishes as regular menu items and (2) having a 'Game Week' that boasts dishes that showcase Venison, Boar, Duck and other savory sundries!
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,5/9/2012,295,331,3,13,8>I swear, the Durham Farmers Market gets better every time I visit.  Located in central downtown Durham, there really isn't a bad place to park.  And it's super-close to all of downtown's restaurants, so you can grab lunch or brunch afterward.  It's really a lovely way to spend a Saturday.Bring cash.  Most vendors will take an imprint of your card, but cash is the preferred and most convenient method of payment.  Also bring your own shopping bags.My faves:The jams, jellies, pickles, and preserves from Bonlee Grow Farm are to DIE for.  I cannot get enough of the sweet pepper jelly.  I put it on a cracker with light cream cheese, then die happy.  Repeat.Celebrity Dairy has the most amazing Montrachet, but their Silk Hope will blow you away.  They're great about having samples of their herb-coated logs to sample.  Chapel Hill Creamery has also got ah-mazing dairy items.I think Elodie Farms has the best eggs.  Bring in your used egg cartons and reuse or donate for these farm-fresh large brown eggs.And now Fullsteam's got a booth here, so you can pick up an ice cold growler before the brewery even opens up!You must try the fruit pies and pecan pies from Emma's Desserts.  Scratch's best is their chocolate donut muffins.  There's a few other bakeries here, one of which has a wide selection of absolutely delicious gluten-free breads and baked treats.Lyon Farms' strawberries are the best.  Hit up Kalawi Farms for peaches.My favorite garden things to pick up at the market are kale, radishes, carrots, bell peppers, tomatoes, scallions, potatoes, and greens.  Everything here is fresh and delicious.And, y'all know I'm a vegetarian, but Sunset Farms carries pastured poultry and grass fed beef, and we pick things up for our new dog friend, Marvin, who eats a raw diet.I don't get here nearly as often as I'd like, because I'm in spin till 11:00 a.m. Saturdays, which doesn't leave much time to get market-presentable.  I do wish the market was open till at least 1:00 p.m.  And, while the place pales in comparison to the Raleigh Farmers Market, I am grateful for this little slice of loveliness here in our beloved Durham.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2011,5/8/2012,289,148,11,9,10>Glenn's in Carrboro is a small shop in a cool little neighborhood. I have been a few times to hang out while my beau got a leg piece and also to get a surprise touch up on my tramp stamp as an anniversary gift. Paulie tattooed both of us and I gotta say, he is basically the John Wayne of tattooing. He shoots straight from the hip, nary a bit of guile, nary a mincing of words. He is efficient and careful. All of the work I have seen from him is excellent and I definitely will go to him for any tattoo work that might come up while I am in the area. He even called me "kitten" before he started working on me.* I also really appreciate the slow banter of the other shop dudes, Max and Robert are both super nice and were kind enough to put on Black Sabbath for me while I was getting ye olden tramp stamp worked on. I am especially impressed with the patient way that the staff handles all of the young college kids that come tumbling in giggling and looking for team initials or various body parts pierced.I have been in a lot of tattoo shops and am blessed with a lot of tattooing pals, so I can honestly say that these guys are the real deal. Give them your business.*Results not typical so don't go in there expecting to be called "kitten", aight?
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2011,5/7/2012,73,116,1,6,4>after all the hype about this place i had to give it a "look-see" and to be frank its all you guys said it was "Great". i love the dim lighting and friendly staff.  The Foosball table is pretty fun too. they have these privacy booths that can make a date that much more intimate.they have a great selections of  quality wines and for you hardcore bar hoppers all sorts of liquors i have never heard of including a coffee flavored patron. the crowd is definitely for the "Grown and sexy" so find a good sitter and leave the kids a home.All in all*friendly staff*full bar with lots of wines,beer,and liquor  to choose from*cool ambiance*great for first dates- I'm sold on the oxford so far, so look out patrons cuz (I'LL BE BACK!!!).
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,5/6/2012,44,284,1,10,5>Really?! - was my first thought when I heard these guys were opening a location in Raleigh.  The original location is in Rochester, NY, so it was a little strange to see them open here.  But, I was just so damn excited to have one of the very few things I missed about the ROC (Wegmans where art thou?)For those who have been to the original, the menu is basically the same, and I'll echo my review of that place.  I still believe their weakness to be the entrees.  They lack culinary flair, but make up for it the desserts and breakfast.  We love the oatmeal (creme bruleed w/ bananas and blueberries), Thai crepe, All-American crepe, and Nutella/Grand Marnier crepe.  They also had some great mimosas with fresh OJ.  I didn't see a wine list, so hopefully they make that available soon.Service was pretty slow, but I'll chalk it up to being open for only a few days.  Their computer seemed to be acting up too, so I'll partially forgive the lack of prompt service on a busy day.What I can't help but wonder is how this location can replicate the ambiance of the original.  Set on the Erie Canal, the original is similarly located in a small shopping area, but it has natural character.  Let's hope these guys can turn this venture into a successful one.4 and 1/2 stars for some really great crepes.  Come here for the dessert crepes and perfect breakfast/brunch food.  If they took reservations, we'd have a standing one.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2011,5/5/2012,57,94,,8,2>A gem hidden up in the new Lafayette Village (half-unfinished still) in North Raleigh. Their housemade sausages are top-notch, and when they declare "gourmet pizza" - they are true to their word. This small, carefully-curated food market has a huge selection of foods and ingredients (including a well-selected choice of Italian wines) for the discerning cook/chef or the rushed professional who appreciates excellent food but doesn't always have time to prepare. The staff is friendly and always happy to make a recommendation. I live inside the Beltline in Five Points, but will happy venture up the road to come back here. Worth the trip!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2011,5/4/2012,24,139,4,5,6>Well, we can't all be Christina G. Which means not so very long after she was pondering what her 1000th review should be, I sat around trying to figure out what place was special enough to me to get my mere 100th. And really ... gotta give it to Sam's. When I tried Banana Nut Bread beer at the Beer, Bourbon & BBQ fest and absolutely had to find a place to call some my own, I went to Sam's. Anderson Valley Boont Amber? Sam's. Dogfish Head Festina Peche? Sam's. Lagunitas Cappuccino Stout? Sam's. Stoudt's Double IPA? Sam's. Large selection of pumpkin ales so I can finally find one that tastes just like pie? Sam's. (The answer is Cottonwood Pumpkin Ale, by the way.) Matching glassware or random glasses I just have to have? Sam's. This place is a beer connoisseur's dream, but you don't have to be a beer snob to go in there, browse around, or ask about things (most of the time, although it helps to have some idea of what you're after). You can mix and match singles of most beers, although it's a lot pricier that way. And if you sneak in a 22 of Smirnoff Ice Green Apple or a case of Bud in the same order, they probably won't raise an eyebrow. It is, after all, just your average gas station convenience store. ;)
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,12/3/2011,41,135,,4,5>4to 4.5 Stars (awaiting revisit).So what do you do when your spouse is sick? Be a good hubby and get her some Chinese soup! She likes Wonton and sizzling rice soup, not always the standard offerings. When I found Asian Grill has this plus a Groupon discount ($10 for $15), I decided to try it out with some take out.She said the Wonton soup was good. My egg drop soup was also good, nothing spectacular, but tasty. The pan-fried buns (Bao) I really enjoyed but my wife thought it was just alright. I liked that the Bao were not overly doughy and the pork filling was flavorful, with just a hint of sweetness to balance the spices. The scallion pancakes met our expectations. I really enjoyed the dipping sauce which was more than just soy sauce and rice wine vinegar (perhaps a little fish sauce in there?) that complemented the pancake well. In order to get a fair assessment I ordered the Dragon  & Phoenix (which came with white rice). The shrimp was tasty, cooked well, and very enjoyable. The chicken tasted a bit bland, but I liked the size and texture of the chunks and that it was not stringy like some Chinese restaurants I have visited. The veggies were cooked well, with some bite/texture (not limp) and flavorful in the brown oyster sauce. The total price,before the Groupon, was $30, which did seem slightly high, but the flavors & quality of the cooking set it above its peers. The interior looked comfortable, and the small size lent it to some intimacy - a great place to go and have a conversation (granted when I visited there was no one inside so I cannot judge the sound level). All in all, I will go here again and try a few different items on the menu (and settle on the rating based on the dining-in experience). The Groupon is what pushed me to go here and I hope they keep it so that it can stay in our list of casual places to go on a whim.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,12/2/2011,140,409,,12,9>A real fromagerie in Durham? I'm in love. I love, love, love cheese and I was SO THRILLED when I found out that Reliable Cheese opened (through their LivingSocial for a cheese class). A good friend took me here for my birthday present and got a cheese (Brillat Savarin, made by Androuet!) for me. It was very smooth and buttery - like Brie, but stronger. Mmmm. The selection of cheeses is great - diverse, but not overwhelming. I didn't realize that we could try cheeses, but they're very accommodating about that and are professional and friendly. Currently, they have a lot of southern cheeses and French cheeses. There's also bread (from Guglhupf), fig jam, wine, meats, and a little sandwich shop. It's right next to Rue Cler, and I'll definitely have to come back here again.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2011,12/1/2011,290,175,6,7,10>It's BBQ :P (that's me licking my lips)It's Delicious :}PINEAPPLE LEMONADE. :') (that's me crying with joy)I live down the street from these guys so I can't speak to the dine-in experience. The first time I ventured in here was months after I moved down here. A friend of mine from back home basically screamed at me for not trying this place out. SO - i had to go :)I was in one of those annoying indecisive moods that evening. Yeah - you know the person that just stands there staring and asking every possible question about what it tastes like - that's me. The girls behind the counter were delighted to make my try everything.... EVERYTHING. I was actually a little stuffed from the testing. Don't worry I brought home some chicks and mac and cheese and hush puppies anyway! I'm not a big giver of 5 stars but this is my 5 star local bbq place. it's perfect for me. a little dive-y, they're fast and even though NC style bbq isn't my first choice - they do it RIGHT. I think most of all the service, the people in here are absolutely wonderful. and they make this world a better place by distributing something called pineapple lemonade. a tall icy glass of this stuff, and a plate of bbq goodness from backyard IN my own backyard is the definition of a perfect summer weeknight at home.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2011,11/30/2011,43,376,,7,3>Gotta give them credit, they've done a fantastic job transforming the old Cafe Zen space in American Tobacco Campus into a chic Italian cafe.  Love the outside patio that's walled off enough to separate you from the walking traffic, yet open enough to still have a great al fresco dining experience.Went to L'Uva for a special lunch for a friend who's getting married.  I tried making a reservation was told that they don't take reservation.  I mentioned Revolution (sister restaurant to L'uva) in which they responded they've never done  lunch at Revolution or take reservations.  I've been to Revolution at lunch with a reservation, but I digress.For a group of 6 we had a very spacious table on the patio.  Their bread was fantastic with the pesto, almond dip (served fresh on the table with olive oil).  They have a good wine selection, tried a bottle of Prosecco that the group enjoyed.  I tried their Fusilli di riso with spinach, Hillsborough goat cheese and slow cooked pomodoro sauce for $10.  I'd been warned about the portion size, but this was more than enough.  This was a full plate of pasta that I could barely finish.  It featured sliced whole tomatoes and just the right amount of goat cheese to balance out the acidity of the tomatoes.  Their porchetta sandwich looks good ($10) and now comes with a side of homemade chips, a little odd combination but I had heard that earlier they were just serving the sandwich alone (I'm guessing they took that feedback and added a side).  Had a bite of the roasted grouper ($15), amazing.  Would try that dish next time I visit.Overall the service was very attentive, and they were able to accommodate the fact that we needed to return back to work, so they were prompt with the check.L'Uva is not inexpensive, but it's a cute, upscale place for a special lunch or a nice dinner before a show at the DPAC.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2011,11/29/2011,77,107,2,10,6>After reading Jane Y's recommendation many months ago, I started using Beverly as my nail spa of choice.  I am actually typing as I sit in one of their 10 pedicure chairs with the best massage features in town!  The space is always clean, busy, and the staff is so friendly!A single TV is on, but not too loud.  The polish selection is one of the best.  They even have the newest OPI collection I just saw in a magazine.I wish I could come here weekly, and maybe I'll be a more frequent customer since the husband is getting his first pedicure!  I think he's sold!
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2011,11/28/2011,86,100,,11,6>I had almost given up on finding good Indian food in the Triangle.  But along came Vimala's.  Vimala's is socially conscious in addition to being delicious.  They support local farms by using ingredients such as eggs from Latta's Farm and butter from Maple View Farm and pay a living wage to their workers.For starters, try the pakoras, a basket of lightly battered and fried vegan vegetable fritters that remind me of a good vegetable tempura.  For a main dish, I suggest the thali, a sort of sampler plate of curries, veggies, rice, dal, and raita.  Yum!  Don't forget to end your meal with an amazing cardamom brownie and wash it all down with a hibiscus tea or lavender lemonade.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2011,11/27/2011,69,760,1,7,8>Nice lady behind the counter "Can I help you find anything?"Me "Yes!  Do you have a Jalapeno corer?"Dumbfounded nice lady behind the counter - "uhhh..." jaw dropping...Nice lady's coworker behind the counter "I think we do have one, give me a moment to locate the pepper corers"Five minutes later, I'm walking out with a little kitchen gadget I've been searching for for months.  I didn't know I needed this gadget until this past summer when a friend of ours found one up in Fredericksburg, VA and then said "I don't know why I didn't buy one for you"  I instantly began to covet her jalapeno corer... This friend knows how much we love our fire roasted jalapeno poppers, and I've taught her how to make them.  I had searched for hours, high and low through kitchen gadget stores from Western NY to Northern Virginia to Central NC until finally, yesterday, I found one of these little gadgets, and Kitchenworks appears to be the only place that has one.  I quick look around told me they had a lot of good stuff and I would need to come back to just check out what they have.Admittedly, we didn't browse around for anything else; having a disorderly 9 y/o in tow doesn't make for a fun visit anywhere, so we were finishing up getting what we needed and then heading out for home.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,11/26/2011,100,280,15,27,17>$24 for all-you-can-eat (AYCE) to-order sushi buffet!  Our group of six rolled in like John Wayne, hellbent on testing Orchid's AYCE limits.  The decor was aesthetically pleasing, very minimalistic & airy.  A couple of peeps noticed the paintings were not straight & thought the lights were a tad too bright.  I personally thought the lights were fine and was too short to notice the paintings.We were all impressed with the quality & quantity of food.  The service was great, our waters were regularly filled, they made vegetable tempura (not on the menu) by request.  The salmon, tuna, eel, and tofu skin sashimi/sushi (nigiri) was great.  I also enjoyed the squid.  Veggie tempura was a hit. The dragon specialty roll was delicious.  Their seaweed salad was also refreshing.  Those who tried the teriyaki said that the beef was better than the chicken, but that both were good.  There are 3 types of ice cream for dessert:  matcha green tea, red bean, and vanilla.  I liked the green tea best.All in all, I was very impressed.  The quality of the sashimi & sushi here is on par with most sushi restaurants in the triangle (Shiki, Sushi Blues, Sushi Love).  The $24/person seems steep at first glance, but I'd pay almost that for most BOGO sushi  places for dinner without getting 1/2 of the food.I will for sure be visiting & HIGHLY recommend Orchid.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,11/25/2011,59,219,6,11,9>This review is for the NC Women's Hospital only and pertains to all things birth-related. NOTE: I'm still holding the final star on this review as a 'hostage' until after the birth. I know...but overall we've had a good experience here.Since we're expecting later this year, we've been using the doctors and the available birth resources[1] the Women's Hospital offers to its patients/clients for the last several months. From a personal point of view and as the spouse, I like the interactions we have had with all of the doctors and staff here. They are genuinely compassionate, concerned and knowledgeable. As new parents-to-be, we naturally have tons of questions and each time we meet with our OB/GYN, she's always good about listening to our concerns and answering all of our questions which I appreciate more so as the spouse since it really makes me feel more involved with the process. The one downside to the practice is that it is a teaching hospital much like it's counterpart in Durham (Duke). So, even if you see one doctor throughout the full term of your pregnancy, there is no guarantee that the doctor will be your attending physician at birth. However, rest assured that each doctor (at least the ones we have consulted with) is highly competent and knowledgable in their respective specialty.  Scheduling of appointments can be up to 1 month (I believe) in advance since the rotation schedules aren't done that far in advance.If you elect to have your baby here, there are choices as well. For one, you can see some of the same physicians at the UNC offices on Timberlyne Dr. Ultimately, your delivery will still be at the hospital here. There is an emphasis on birth plans and having the birth you want at this hospital from what we've heard and seen. The facilities (we've toured) are spacious. There is a volunteer doula service....but the doula, if available goes to the woman with the greatest need. I've also heard that some nurses here are certified lactation consultants which is a bonus if you decide to go that route. Overall, choices abound and you can talk to your doctor to develop a birth plan just for you. It should be noted tho, that UNC hospital policy says that they induce at 41 weeks regardless. Also, worth noting is that as of our last meeting with our doc, we confirmed that private cord blood banking is now allowed if you so choose. Otherwise, public cord banking is always available. RESOURCES: (for expectant families) We've taken classes from birthing and preparing your dog for birth to bootcamp for new dads, among others. Overall our experiences with the classes have been great. The instructors are generally really good and progressive in their teachings. In the birth-related classes, we have found the instructors to be supportive and knowledgeable - very centric on women's health issues. There is also a Women's Health Center with a library on the first floor where (I believe) you can check out books.OTHER SERVICES: there's a cafe near the Children's Hospital and a Starbucks near the Cancer Hospital. Free wifi, of course, or I wouldn't be the reigning "Duke of UNC Hospitals" (as of 1/10/2011). :-P PARKING: if you're not in a rush, parking is across the street but can get pricey (relative to Franklin Street). A 4 hour class can run you $6 - $1.50/hr. Otherwise, you can valet when the time comes....although I have NO IDEA how much that runs....OVERALL: Like any hospital (esp. for birthing), talk with your doc, ask questions and get to know all of the hospital policies so that you can make an informed choice about what you want for your birth - that applies to both spouses and expectant mothers! Parking is a bit of pain....esp. when a UNC game is on. So just be prepared. But....I think for having fairly progressive docs that are willing to work with doulas and even midwives (they co-practice in the same hospital)....well, you'll be hard pressed to find that elsewhere! 4 SOLID stars....for now. (update will be forthcoming)[1] Resources like birthing classes can be used by anyone outside the hospital, but register and pay at least a month before since classes fill up frequently.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2011,11/24/2011,37,152,,7,4>My wife has been hoping to find some good Taiwanese in Raleigh/Cary/RTP & we were presented to partake in this opportunity with friends after reading some good reviews by local Yelpers. Initial appearance was low-key, upon entering I noticed that the floor was a bit oily and slippery; if you can ignore that - then you would be in for a treat with their quite expansive menu. On the Yelp listing, this establishment is listed as "Taiwanese" food, but perusing the menu, one could easily tell that there weren't many "native" Taiwanese dishes listed. Other cultural influences such as Szechuan Chinese flavors were quite apparent on the menu.Our menu choices were as follows (pics have also been posted) - Appetizers:Crispy Fried pork intestinesStinky tofuSpicy sauce over dumplingsEntrees:Fish Sautéed w/Bean SaucePork Cutlet & Veggies over Rice3-cup ChickenDessert:Bubble teaThe most amazing thing was that for all we ordered, the total bill (after taxes) was still less than $55.00. All of us were shocked, but we were glad to have had such delectable food. With so many other treats to try, this will surely be a favorite place of ours.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2012,9/14/2012,135,254,,13,4>"Delicious Cuban-inspired dishes, outstanding presentation and service"We came here to try this restaurant forgetting that they were a Triangle-Restaurant-Week participant.  Fortunately, even on a Saturday night, we were able to get a table right away (albeit outside).  The parking directly in front of the building was insanely narrow-- took ~3 back & forths even for our little Prius.  Given how full the restaurant was, I'm assuming there's another place to park, so maybe pass on the three tiny spots in the front unless coming on a motorcycle.  The setting was very nice in the 1920's era home.  We were greeted warmly despite our lack of reservation upon arrival.Positives:+ Very friendly and attentive service. The owner and our server checked on us multiple times throughout the evening.  We asked once if they'd turn down the music slightly (it was a nice touch, but just a little loud outside), they did it very quickly and checked with us immediately if it was better.+ Flavor: wow!  I had the Platano Maduro Relleno (sweet plantains stuffed with beef) appetizer-- absolutely delicious with a great spiciness to it (be warned if you like things mild!).  For the main course, I had the Ropa Vieja shredded steak, which came atop rice & black beans and topped with a tostone.  The tomato sauce was delicate but flavorful, and the shredded meat was tender and tasted like from a delightful slow-cooked pot roast.  Dessert was small but good-- a piece of flan topped with pineapple (pineapple was a nice touch in taste) and sweet plaintain ice cream (I'd TOTALLY buy that if it was at the store-- awesome!)+ Presentation: Each dish was exquisitely prepared and presented.  Very appealing presentations.+ Kids' menu: This didn't strike me as a place that would necessarily be especially kid-friendly, but they did have a kids menu of mostly either the appetizers or smaller versions of main dishes.  Perfect for the 12 and unders, without being insulting like the usual "chicken nuggets/ corn dog" kids meals.+ Unlike many (most?) other TRW-participating restaurants, this one had the three-course meal for a quite affordable $20 rather than $30.  Hence, value was especially good.  Their regular prices are fair, too, for what you get.+ Going that extra mile.  The attentiveness really put us in a good mood, as well as the delicious food.  However, they did go the extra mile.  The server gave me very good recommendations.  But the best was this-- my wife & I had meals with dessert, whereas my son's meal did not come with a dessert.  Nonetheless, they prepared a small dessert for him and brought it to him when we got ours, at no extra charge.  Wow.  That's really going the extra mile.Negatives:None we saw, aside from the triviality of parking out front.Overall, I fully intend to come back, and you should, too!
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,9/13/2012,31,93,1,12,6>Taberna's first five reviews furiously debated its paella valenciana. That happens to be my favorite food. I've never found a good paella fuera de Espana, and I love controversy, so I visited the restaurant to weigh in on the argument.I felt really comfortable here. Taberna is more of a neighborhood joint you would visit frequently than a flashy space for special occasions. Brick walls, big front window, dark interior, dominant bar, sparse decor, dark tables and chairs. Just a few doors down from Whiskey and Beyyu. Parking won't always be simple but it's a safe neighborhood. And.... no. It's not paella valenciana. But, seriously, is there anywhere to get real paella in the triangle? And is that a good reason to kill what is otherwise a fantastic restaurant? (And, real talk, who would expect a full paella when you order a tapa? Paella is a meal. Not a tapa.)Regardless, it was delicious. The chorizo, chicken, rice all set each other off really well. The food made me so happy that I caught myself dancing while I was eating it. Multiple times.We also had a large beet salad replete with maybe the best goat cheese I've tasted. These two dishes filled us up and set us back $18 plus tip.Read that again: delicious food, two full people, elegant atmosphere. $18. The only nit to pick was the inexperienced server- nice guy, but he flubbed a few basics. For example, if you're ordering tapas in North Carolina, you probably shouldn't have to ask for side plates. They should just come with.Bottom line, Taberna is awesome, regardless of your position on the paella. I'm going to be a regular.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,9/12/2012,110,194,2,6,6>Did you know that the bar and doors to the cooler at Surf Club is actually from a prohibition era bar in Chicago? It was delivered in 3 parts for a life in Durham. There is at least one more bar stored that's just as cool as this one somewhere in Durham. I know this because I got drunk with the bartender one night.I love the atmosphere - inside & out - of this place. It borderlines dive bar, but keeps a real classy ego about it. The dark wood, neon lights, and those really cool light bulbs (seriously, have you taken a good look at them?) just work together to bring an old bank into a kickass bar.There are plans for improving the outdoor area for those of you who are concerned. They plan on putting up shades and stuff across the lot and I believe there were plans discussed to initiate a movie night off the wall of the building next door. However, none of this will be possible if people don't keep blowing that place up! (Also the reason for my 4 stars instead of 5. But I'll re-review once that outside gets finished.)Thursday & Fridays you can find Mama Duke's Greek truck there. And they've got this new neon light out by the door that says "FOOD" when there is a truck there serving. Plus they do live music frequently - DJs and bands, I've seen it all - and usually there's no cover. Which is nice, because sometimes I do just want to go hang out at a bar with friends and be surprised that I get some entertainment.If you're a craft beer junky you'll be happy to know that there are some really great options on tap. I saw a few rotators that still had high-quality, somewhat rare, seasonals of NC Beer. For those of us who don't drink the beer, the bar is fully stocked. I'm a bourbon girl and while the options are nothing as diverse as Whiskey, I still get plenty of options at affordable prices which makes me happy. I don't know about fruity cocktails, but the bartender we met was able to create almost anything. So if you're at a loss (there really isn't a menu) just tell the bartender what you like to drink and let him/her make ya something!
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,9/11/2012,22,342,2,6,2>I came...I saw the menu...I ate well....I left happy!  This place packs in the people left and right like sardines.  All of the waitresses are in overalls.  You know you are not in New York City now!  Good country food served with a smile.  These biscuits are good!I ordered the sampler plate which is 2 eggs any way you like, bacon, sausage, country ham, grits or home fries, 3 hot cakes, spiced apples, and either toast or biscuits.   I did enjoy my meal and I will be back for more.Food BStaff BDecor ALocation BHealth Inspection Grade 98.5
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,9/10/2012,97,336,2,6,2>I really enjoy going to the Raleigh Grande.  This summer this was the movie theater to go to during the day.  As far as I could find, they were the ONLY theater with FREE kids movies playing.  The other places were charging $1 or $2 for admission.  Since this is a smaller theater and not a chain, they don't have as many rules to follow so they have different options for food and beverages.  One of those options that many people enjoy are the tasty beverages in the beer and wine section.  They are not a chain, but they do put on quite a show.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2012,9/9/2012,44,284,,6,2>I finally got a chance to visit this Raleigh mainstay, in a wine cellar room no less.  Stepping into the waiting area, this place feels like a tourist trap and the dressed down decor really gives off a casual vibe.  Don't be tricked though, dress doesn't seem too casual, in fact many wear sport coats.  I'm not a fan of the table linens, but if they've been doing that forever, then who am I to disagree.If you do happen to get the chance to eat in a wine cellar room, a waiter will escort you through the kitchen, past the chef's table, and down into the cellar.  Wine cellar room comes with a nice long table, personal bar, and service to the max.  Don't be afraid to ask for anything, seriously.  Ask for a cellar tour and the bread from upstairs.I had some of the famous cheddar cheese, ribs, filet, and the grand marnier parfait.  Ribs were melt in your mouth good and next to the cheese, were really the highlights.  The filet was pretty decent.  I won't say it's the best I've ever had, but it wasn't completely devoid of flavor.  I would have preferred a little more char.  The grand marnier parfait was a little bit of a mess and with no finesse, but you could taste a generous serving of alcohol in it.4 stars for a unique experience, decent steak and a cool wine cellar.  I'd bring the out of towners here, but would probably stay away for a special occasion, unless it was for an all out celebration.  They'll even dispose of a day old raw fish if you happen to bring one with you ;)
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2012,9/8/2012,81,795,3,13,4>If drinking a couple of teaspoons or so of vinegar a day has the health benefits claimed, then I think I probably bought myself a couple of extra days at Peak Olive Oil.Peak Olive is a fun little store inside the bigger building having a floral arrangement shop, a flooring company and a bare wood furniture shop.  In the back left as you walk in you'll see the various metal kegs containing the various types of vinegar and olive oil.  There are cards on each container describing the vinegar or oil and giving recommended pairings.  On most days they'll be a couple of food samples in which the owner used some of the product.  The day I visited there was a brownie made with espresso and blood orange vinegars and a party mix using a spicy vinegar for seasoning.There are prepared bottles of each vinegar or oil available, or, if you prefer, you can ask one be poured for you while you wait.  Each container has a spigot and a small plastic cup next to it for sampling and there is a small bowl with bread pieces for dipping.  Sampling is encouraged and a good way to be inspired.  The classic balsamic is still my favorite, but so are the serrano honey, chocolate and cinnamon pear balsamic vinegars and the sesame olive oil.  If you're in the area or don't want to make a trip to find specialty vinegars or oils, Peak Olive Oil is a nice alternative.  I'm going to enjoy having this shop in the neighborhood.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,9/7/2012,264,1065,5,11,5>Hot Dogs & Brew has, well, hot dogs and brew.  But both of those have been scientifically* proven to be awesome, so that's a good combination, and Hot Dogs & Brew delivers on the awesomeness. Housed on Franklin Street in what used to be the spinning chicken house of Inihaw (and a Quiznos before that), the Hot Dogs & Brew proprietors are doing a far better job of using the space than the old proprietors, moving cooking to the front of the store and letting the rest of the place open up with lots of seating.  It has the feel of a good late-night spot with all of that room for movement, with enough space to get a hot dog or 2 and sit down, or for other events (they have a jukebox and 2 TVs, so game watching and dancing are possible as well). The hot dogs deliver as well.  I ended up having a Dean Dog - a hot dog with bacon, mustard, and cheese.  Bacon + hot dog = win.  For $3.25 the size and price were right for a nice snack, though you will probably order more than 1.  Luckily, all the dogs are $2.50 or $3.25, quite affordable and yummy-sounding.  They also have Coke in glass bottles, which is quite cool.   As for brews, while I did not partake in any, the prices seemed right ($2 Bud Light can, $2.75 Yuengling, cheap pitchers).Service is also excellent. Overall this is a nice new hot dog place with prime Franklin placement for hungry undergrads.* - someone had to have proven that at some point... I mean it's hot dogs! And beer!
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,9/5/2012,611,755,,15,7>Pizza, pizza!  Cozzolino's is one of those old-school pizza joints that really delivers a great slice for not much dough!  Located in a beat-up strip plaza off of Kildaire Farms Road, Cozzolino's will never win any awards for ambiance.  But who cares because their $5 lunch special gets you two decent-sized slices along with two breadsticks, marinara sauce and a drink.  Are you kidding me?!  And what makes it all worth it is the slice.  Super-thin crust, gooey, melted cheese and a tangy sauce.  Maybe not THE best ingredients but pretty darn delicious.  And the marinara sauce for the breadsticks is actually decent.  The guys up front are polite and service-oriented which is refreshing.  So yeah, Cozzolino's is a bargain across the board which makes it a favorite for local office workers and high school kids.  At lunch time the place can get busy.  But I can't think of a better $5 deal around in Cary or Raleigh...
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,9/4/2012,43,105,4,12,9>Have you ever held off on reviewing a place because you don't want to mess it up? This is that review for me, and this is absolutely my favorite theater - not just in the area, but anywhere!It's actually becoming hard for me to choose seeing movies at other theaters because I enjoy the experience so much more here.Here are the highlights, as I see them: 1. Fresh popped popcorn, with real butter and sea salt2. Good beer selection, fancy soda bottles and chocolate bars3. Interesting movies and film festivals4. Great location, with a large and well lit parking deck across the street5. Plenty of dinner options nearby6.Historic site7.Live performances The only down side to the theater is that they don't get many mainstream movies (and they wouldn't have enough screens to play them if they tried to). I'll admit that there are plenty of mainstream movies I would have liked to see at this theater, but generally there are also good movies playing here that I wouldn't normally have even heard about. For example, I was considering seeing Prometheus at Southpoint, or Bernie at The Carolina Theater. I chose to see Bernie simply because it was playing here, and do not feel disappointed with my choice. I would still like to see Prometheus, but I probably wouldn't mind waiting to watch it at home either. Useful Info: I find it difficult to predict the crowd for movies, so if you're really interested in a movie, buy the tickets early. I didn't expect a huge crowd for "The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel", but they played the show in the auditorium and hundreds of people showed up. The film festivals also tend to be extremely popular, so go early! They have $3 drink specials that appear to be seasonal, currently offering a lemonade-beer drink. They also seem to have recently started a loyalty stamp-card program, where you can get each fifth showing free. The auditorium seats do not have cup holders! I don't think these were designed for people to bring drinks and popcorn, so it can feel awkward sometimes if you bring them, but I do anyway. To sum up my review, EVERYONE in the area needs to make it out to this theater just to experience what a good theater should be like. Even if you read the movie descriptions and don't see anything up your alley, try to give something a shot and you may be surprised.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2010,5/23/2011,41,63,4,6,3>I joke around a lot that Cartman and I agree on one thing: NO HIPPIES! But I have to say I really like Weaver Street Market (and some hippies!).  They have a great selection of stuff, but my main love is their coffee and hot(and cold) food! I love their salad bar, I love their hot food, I love the sandwiches, and most of all, the thing that made me keep going there in the first place: I love their coffee.  They use MAPLEVIEW MILK!!! It's like a dream come true.  I am actually considering joining I've been shopping there so often... my friends and family can't believe it :P  haha But seriously, it's a must try for everyone, even people who are anti-hippie :P
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2011,5/22/2011,97,192,10,11,9>I probably should give this place 5 stars, but it isn't for everyone.  Many people drive by and are afraid to stop in - it kindof looks like it could be someone's house, with a gravel front yard.  Also, the first time my boyfriend took me there (and yes we are still together), it was dollar beer night and the parking lot was on the wild side - a couple of guys were "wrastling" next to where I parked, and they almost landed on the hood of my car!  We actually left because my other half saw someone's car there he was afraid he might tangle with, so we thought it best to come back another time.But we didn't give up!  I reluctantly went again with him, this time there was hardly anyone there.  And I'm glad we went!  Well you walk in, slamming the screen door shut behind you, you'll see a bar (which now serves liquor too) on the left where you order, and tables to sit at on the right.  There are also pool tables, a juke box, a few game machines, posters, beer lights, and a small stage for live music.  Folks at the bar will give you a nod when you enter and if you go more than once they might call you by name.  Its one of those places you go to talk to folks and even strike up some new friendships before you know it.You can also sit outside with your food and beer.  Oh yes, the food!  I tell you what... this is the BEST PIZZA in North Carolina!  I sure haven't had any better.  Good prices too.  I've taken my kids there too and they agree.  Also they have the BEST Chicken Salad, but it is only made on Tuesdays and if you get there late it might all be gone.  Thats all I've tried, but I've heard its all good.  They make everything right where you can watch them, behind the bar.  They do Burgers, Hot dogs, Subs, BBQ, Chicken, Fish, Fried Balogna, Grilled Cheese, and Steak Sandwiches.  They also have dinner platters, and a full breakfast menu (full as in everything you'd expect from a grill).  The people who work there are great, very friendly and downright good folks.  Take a chance and try them out!
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,5/21/2011,84,91,3,4,3>Fantastic experience!!I've been awaiting the grand opening of this restaurant for a while now (and not only because I was excited to eat at a restaurant that donned the same name as a Street Fighter character -- although, a good percentage of the anticipation WAS due to this).Living in Wake Forest can often be a bore. We do not have a hopping night scene and have very few "fun" places to go close by. However, I think I've found my new source of entertainment; and his name was Jason.Jason was our hibachi chef extraordinaire tonight and made some very tasty food along with some fantastic entertainment for myself, my friend and the unknown family of four sat next to us at the same table.While I stuck to sushi tonight (the Sex-Kimberly Roll is to die for!) my friend ordered something, literally, hot off the grill, and I was able to sample a good range of what they had to offer.Not only did I successfully mooch off of her plate but Jason (hibachi chef extraordinaire) gave everyone at the table a portion of fried rice (even us sushi standbys!). Everything was delicious. Next time I go back I plan on ordering a shrimp hibachi item because, well, it was probably one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth.While I have never experienced the likes of local similar restaurants like Kanki I have had my fair share of hibachi grills in my day and this one ranks right up there with the best of the best. It was a lot more intimate and less intimidating than I've experienced with others.According to my friend, the tables we a little more "closely spaced" shall we say vs Kanki but the food gave them a run for their money.I really hope this place brings in enough business to stay around-- as I said before, Wake Forest isn't usually the "go-to" spot.I'm literally excited to go back for another serving of awesomeness.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,5/19/2011,67,201,1,8,6>I have a hard time calling this place by it's name.  In my head, it's simply 'Beer Heaven.'They cover all types of beers.  If you are not a beer snob, you can still find the domestics you want.If  you are a beer snob, then you'll want to bring a list of beers you are interested in.  If you come un-prepared, be ready to just sit and stare for about 20 minutes. Bonus Points: + They carry growlers for the locals breweries + The folks behind the counter know exactly where each beer is, so if you need help, don't be afraid to askNegative:+ Parking.  Just be careful backing out on a really busy street.  There's usually a few spots open though, so don't let that sway you from stopping by.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,5/18/2011,43,197,6,5,6>I find it so irritating when I see someone in front of me in the grocery line with a cart full of junk...ring dings, chips, soda, frozen meals, etc, whose groceries are costing the same (or less) than my half full cart of fruits, veggies, meats and healthy snacks.  What can be just as frustrating is knowing that all of the healthy produce I just picked out has likely been treated with chemicals and ripened prematurely.  How do you REALLY eat healthy?Go to the State Farmers Market!  Not only can you talk to the farmers and be satisfied you are getting naturally ripe and healthy produce, but you are also supporting local farming....winning!  Oh, and while you're at it, call the bank and let them know you won't be needing that loan for groceries after all, b/c you just got a quart of apples for $4.00 and sweet potatoes for $0.59/lb!
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,5/17/2011,21,60,8,8,8>Ever have one of those moments where it finally clicks and all of a sudden you "get it"?  That happened to me back in college, the second time I was taking Calculus 1...  I looked down at my paper and all of a sudden differentiation made sense.  (Shame it didn't happen a semester earlier, but hey, like Barbie said:  math is hard!)That's what Hog Heaven was like for me.  I FINALLY understand North Carolina barbecue.Before I moved here, all I could hear about was how great the pulled pork was here.  Months go by and I eat a lot of barbecue, some good, some bad.  But not a great plate of pork to be had.  Until this:  just the right amount of tenderness, sweet and smoky and tangy all at once, just like everybody told me it would be.  And it's not just the pork:  the fried chicken is great, as are the hush puppies and sides.I helped myself to seconds (and maybe even thirds.)  I ate much, much more than I should have, and don't think for a minute that I feel even a little ashamed about it.  Nope, the only thing I'm ashamed about is that I didn't try this place months before.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,5/16/2011,57,606,,5,3>Great new addition to Raleigh!  And perfect timing for me personally. I've been seeing smoked paprika on a lot of menus lately and figured it is the "in" thing, so I wanted to get some.  Savory had both sweet and hot, so I got them both.  They also had citric acid, which I use to make bath fizzies, and which is hard to find.  They have a lot of spices and herbs here, especially exotic and interesting ones.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2011,5/15/2011,147,238,7,6,5>So, anyone that makes a joke that females cannot drive backwards... was probably talking about me.  When I lived in Texas, I backed my car out of my garage after someone else parked it in there, and didn't notice that I was a wee bit too close to the left hand side.  CRUNCH went my side view mirror!  I called around for quotes on fixing it (the cover popped off), and to my surprise, it was going to cost upwards of $350 to fix the side mirror on my Volvo.  Darn those pricey parts from dealerships!Fast forward a few months and a move to NC - I spied this little store off of 15-501 and called to get a quote on fixing it up.  They took a look, and  instead of getting me to replace the entire thing, helped me order a cover and light, that was all I really needed to fix it - and SCORE! It only cost about $80.I went to them again this morning to get my oil changed - and not only did they get me out of there in 40 minutes, but they also had an office for customers to work from, and a wireless network running so I could get work done!  I had almost zero downtime this morning, which is amazing to me. The staff is courteous and fun - and I was also informed that i wouldn't have to bring my car in until another 10,000 miles because they use pure synthetic oil.   Now, I'm too paranoid to wait more than the Volvo-recommended 7500 miles, but its good to know!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2010,5/14/2011,55,264,3,6,6>We called Bill based on Sue P.'s Yelp.  We had an upstairs shower leaving unsavory brown spots on the ceiling in our downstairs living room and for the life of me I couldn't figure out why.  Bill came out with his son and they were so thorough.  After his initial diagnosis, he called us upstairs, explained what he checked, why he thought the spot he identified was the problem, and he answered all my questions.  His knowledge, experience, intelligence and dedication to getting things right is very obvious when you talk to him!  He did his fix, and asked us to call if the problem wasn't resolved.  He wouldn't take any money on that first call, just in case he had to come back later.  We called him a week later with the happy news that his fix worked perfectly, and we mailed him a check.  So different from the guys who want $100 up front just to walk in your front door.Bill is very honest and skilled.  He's also a busy guy and considering his business comes from referrals (like Sue's) it goes to show what a gem he is!  He also is hesitant to start ripping out drywall until he knows he really has to - that keeps costs, mess and frustration to a minimum!Bonus points for not having plumber's crack.  ;-)  Bill and his son are both very courteous, clean-cut guys you can feel safe with in your home.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,5/13/2011,85,119,6,4,5>If you want to get a general idea of what this practice is like - please read this review yelp.com/biz/duke-womens…Rhonda is the 'woman' at this place and the head nurse  If you're pregnant, she will be the one to call in your zofran prescription, prenatals, calls you back with lab results and the like.  This even includes me calling her last minute to get medical clearance for a trip I was going to take.  Due to poor planning on my part and not reading the fine print regarding visibly pregnant people and travel - I almost did not make my trip.  Thanks to Rhonda and her just being awesome, the vessel received all proper documentation via fax and they let me sail.  I don't even bother asking the doctors questions because she is that lovely and knowledgeable.  Love her!  Out of the four locations I've visited, this one ranks second in my opinion.    Just like their Brier Creek  locale, they have ultrasound machines that cost more than my house.   There's no "we're referring you to another ultrasound location /tech because we can't see your baby or hear the heartbeat with the machines we have here".  That said, they have the ability to do trans vaginal u/s (as I like to call it, the dildo cam) should the doctor not be able to see anything via an abdomen u/s.  They also have a 27" or 32" flat screen hung up on the corner wall for you/ your family to view and one for the doctor.  This allows the doctor to show you all the amazing movements your baby is making without having your husband (or whatever crew you brought with you) hovering over the doctor's screen.  I'm a big Duke Health fan.   This is the practice I will stay with for all my deliveries.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2010,7/27/2010,12,337,1,7,4>Went here with a group of 13 friends for a Saturday night out, and it was really a pleasant surprise for us all.  The restaurant is very nicely appointed, the owners and staff are very friendly and take care to keep the customer happy.  The layout and decor reminded me of big city restaurants in NYC or Chicago, a total departure from what you anticipate as you walk or drive past.  As an added nicety, they called before we arrived to ask if we preferred to dine on the patio or inside; it's really nice to have a choice up front.  They had a good menu, and among the group, we tried lots of things.  Everyone was happy...we were doubly glad that we opted to eat inside, rather than on the patio, as there were major downpours during dinnertime.  Although busy, you could easily have a conversation around the table, and the service was efficient.  I had the empanadas, which were outstanding, with the Churrasco and a dolce de leche crepe (read "death by caramel") that was terrific. Good wines rounded out the evening.  From comments around the table, this was a group favorite of the places we've tried in Durham.  We'll go back!
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2010,7/26/2010,74,57,24,19,16>I don't know if the Yelp stars adequately describe an experience at the Foxy Lady. I'm not a fan exactly, but to say it's just "A-OK" is an understatement. It's a spectacle for sure: A double-wide strip bar next to a seedy motel--you can't make that stuff up, can you?The "ladies" are a diverse mix--I'm sure there's someone to catch your eye: cute, petite, blonds; tall, buxom brunettes; girls with mad pole skills; a couple of dolls I could have sworn were guys; and a few baby(s) who definitely "got Back." And, I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the pregnant stripper (or maybe she'd just had a baby). These are real girls, too. No silicone in sight.It's beer only. Thank God. Anything stronger and someone would eventually set the place on fire. Our great connections from the Office Tavern got us in free and bought our beers, but I think they weren't ridiculously over priced (maybe $4). And don't ask me how I know, but a lap dance in the private room is $25 (don't forget to tip though). A table dance is $20. Like Tonya said, it's klassy with a 'K'. And it was a super fun outing.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2010,7/25/2010,86,140,,12,4>S-Mart is a large Korean grocery store with a cafeteria. They've got a nice selection of produce and fresh fish in the back. They also have a pretty big frozen food area, so you can get some pollock and bean pops there.I usually hit it up once every few months to restock all the Korean food or when my mom comes into town. They're produce prices are stupid low for a lot of things. I can't compare it to Grand Market, but Asian groceries usually sell their produce cheap. If you're buying galbi or bulgogi meat, look at the butcher area in the back. I bought some frozen galbi there for about 40% off of what they charge for the same thing in frozen box form.I haven't eaten at the cafeteria yet, but the selection looks good and the prices look really reasonable. No $25 galbi plates.They have cheap ramen too if you need to stock your dorm room for the semester. Staff there is super friendly and nice. Some do speak English, and they'll help you find whatever.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2010,7/24/2010,42,93,2,6,5>I really loved this place...the food, the atmosphere, the people. Everything was great! I went with someone who was quite familiar with the place, so we knew to get there early...like we GOT there at 11:30 and sat right down to a piping hot freshly made hush puppies. Did I mention they have honey butter spread on the tables?? It's like heaven in deep fried form! Their portions are pretty good...definitely show up hungry. I ordered the Chopped Bar-B-Que Special that comes with your choice of three vegetables. I really enjoy how barbecue joints count stuff like macaroni and cheese and french fries as vegetables. Needless to say I chose, macaroni and cheese, candied yams (holy crow delicious!), and deviled eggs...I've never been somewhere that served deviled eggs that wasn't a family picnic, so that was a nice surprise. Oh, and the sweet tea...not rot-your-teeth-out sweet, but just right and they keep the refills coming! Even though I was uncomfortably full since I ate ALL of my meal, I ordered peach cobbler for dessert. It wasn't a huge portion, which was good since I was already about to explode, but it was oh-so-good I couldn't help but come close to finishing it. The atmosphere isn't fancy and the bathrooms could use some remodeling (the place is definitely clean though!), but I think that's part of the charm of Bullocks. It's a family place, like eating at your grandparents' house or something. A lot of the staff were older and have worked at Bullocks since the beginning, which you never see in the restaurant business. There's usually so much turnover you never see the same server twice. To see an older staff made me think that they're treated really well, like a family, and they enjoy what they do...which makes the diner's experience that much better if you know they aren't going to spit in your food and you'll get consistency with the meals!
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2010,7/23/2010,24,50,4,6,4>This place is amazing!  Krispy Kreme has always been my favorite donut shop.  There was never any comparison. Then I tried Daylight Donuts.  I would venture to say that all of the "specialty" donuts I have tried at Daylight beat Krispy Kreme hands down (blasphemy I know).  That being said the original glazed at Daylight just can't compare to the hot fresh original glazed at Krispy Kreme.Have been here two times in the past week and service is always friendly.  The lady at the front counter was very friendly and highly entertaining.  My first visit she asked me if I had a donut card and when I replied no, she handed me one and said now you do!  She gave me a few punches to start me out and explained that if you purchase 10 dozen donuts the 11th is free.  When loading me up with sugary goodness I was ordering my donuts in pairs and she even asked if I needed the chocolate sprinkle donuts to be the same to prevent any fights at home.  I would never have thought of that but of course if my wife wanted to fight over what her sprinkles look like she could just have her pick.Today when I arrived and ordered my dozen I was eyeballing the lemon filled ones but got down to my last two without picking them.  She asked me if I wanted to try the lemon and the blueberry and then gave me one of each for free telling me to have a happy Easter.  Who can complain about getting 14 donuts for the price of 12?  She also remembered me even though I had shaved the beard and made a comment about not recognizing me at first because of it.Every time I had been here before they had sold out of donuts if you didn't arrive super early.  I mean if you got there after 9 am forget about it.  However, lately they seem to have more in stock and often if they don't have what you want in the case they have some in back that were just made but hadn't yet been put out.Even though the last time I went the donut box attacked me and gave me a nasty cardboard cut as I eagerly tried to break the tape on the donut box holding me back from sugary heaven, I won't hold it against them and will definitely return!
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2010,7/22/2010,105,145,7,8,6>Sexual chocolate!!!!! Oooooooooohhhhhhhhh that's it right there!This is fantastic stuff. I just polished off two dark chocolate raspberry pyramids, a pomegranate truffle and a milk chocolate honey and chamomile truffle. They were absolutely amazing. I'm drooling all over myself just thinking about it. Most of their selections are dark chocolate which is my favorite (and not my wife's...so more for me!)My favorite were the pyramids. The raspberry pyramids burst with intense tart raspberries and sinfully deep rich dark chocolate. I think my tastebuds had multiple orgasms from the combination. If I just had a nice big cabernet to go with this I think I'd be writhing on the floor, eyes rolling back in my head, moaning in ecstasy.Whew...I need to towel off.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2010,7/21/2010,100,280,6,7,7>Great place for nice night out.  Delicious food with subtle flavors, you may not enjoy it if you're used to more heavily flavored foods.  I tried The Mint as a part of Triangle Restaurant Week (TRW).  Their TRW menu was great, they had many choices available and even extended it to TR *Month*. I got the yellow tomato soup which turned out to be a hot soup (bonus as it was a freezing Noah's Ark situation outside).  The soup was a perfect combination of tangy and savory and rich.  I loved this soup.  The lamb shank came with sweet potato mash.  That sweet potato mash was fantastico!  It tasted like mashed sweet potato pie, so yum!  The lamb shank was fall-off-the-bone goodness.  Here is where the difference in opinions come in.  I've always prided myself on my "sensitive palate".  But I couldn't taste any hint of the kaffir lime until I ate the lamb fat.  A couple of my fellow diners could taste it, so I think the chef must also have an even more sensitive palate than me.  Plus, the the very sweet sweet potato mash didn't complement the lamb.  However, it was still great.Dessert was an apple tart with a scoop of ice cream.  Pastry was delicious and flaky, apples were nice and warm.The two things taking away from 5 stars were:  Close proximity of the tables and difficulty in getting the waiter's attention.I think they really need to rework their layout because in order to go to the restroom, I had to squeeze in between tables and get my "backside" all up in people's faces.And considering how not-busy it was (Monday night), the waiter didn't check in enough and it was hard finding someone for some black pepper (omg, they have the BEST pepper grinder) or a knife, etc.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2010,7/20/2010,51,70,4,6,3>Chai's is an old Duke-area fave of mine that I don't get to often enough. I usually get the tofu or shrimp mei fun and a glorious bubble tea. The last time I went, though, it seemed that the prices got higher and the portions got smaller. Oh, well. It is still an enjoyable experience and the food is just as tasty as I remembered. Best bubble tea choices: green tea and mocha. Just make sure to drink it slow enough to the tapioca balls don't choke you.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2010,7/19/2010,152,347,12,11,7>I fell in love with Turkish food in Denmark. (random, i know)There was this delicious turkish buffet in walking street, me and my friends used to go ALL THE TIME. it was so good.I probably also had awesome turkish food when i went to Turkey, but obviously it wasn't as memorable as the buffet.In 10 years, when I'm giving my kids the "talk" on turkish food. I will bring up the buffet in Denmark and Bosphorus as prime examples. This is a family owned small restaurant. When me and my bf walked in, we were being stared by all the turkish families who were eating there. Foreigners have a staring problem, I understand, I have one too.The waitress was pleasant. She wasn't too attentive, nor was she ignoring us. We were comfortable.She started us off with some delicious sesame pita bread with olive oil. OMG IT WAS SO GOOD. IT AS CRUNCHY ON THE OUTSIDE AND SOFT ON THE INSIDE. (no, it wasnt puffed but it was sooooooooo good). I think that was my favourite thing. I got the yogurt kabobs and bubs got some mixed grill thing. The meats were well tenderized and seasoned. The yogurt sauce was just right - not too sour. AND THE CRUNCHY croutons mixed into the whole dish. geez. I gotta go back soon. like now. The baklava was also majorly awesome. it was nice and wet (that's what she said). You know when its fresh when you still see the syrup dripping down the baklava. YUM.YUM. YUM. YUM!!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2010,7/18/2010,42,35,2,8,4>Yah, it has finally opened!  I've been waiting for this little corner spot to open for several months.  I am a huge asian food fan so am always keen to try a new place.  I was very pleasantly surprised.  I thought it was going to be like most Asian restaurants where you walk up to a counter, place your order and away you go.  This little spot is not only a place to grab some delicious take-out, it also has a very nice restaurant.  I only had a chance to take something to go, but I look forward to sitting down to eat here.  Asian Kitchen has only been opened about a week, so I haven't had a chance to try much.  I will say that the eggplant in garlic sauce was excellent.  It had the perfect blend of slightly sweet and spicy and the eggplant was cooked perfectly.  Same goes for the chicken in garlic sauce....yes, there is a trend here.They also offer a full Thai menu and as a big fan will be sure to test out their Thai flavors on my next visit......possibly today!
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,6/13/2012,18,19,,12,4>The Red Monkey Tavern is kind of like a steampunk bar which has been taken over by glowing red evil monkeys. Red Monkey serves gastropub-type fare, which is increasingly common. So far, based on the food we tried, they live up to the genre, definitely beating out the previous mall options like Ruby Tuesday. Entrees range from $8-$25, with many sandwich options hovering around the $10 range. Hubs and I both decided to order salads. My Nutty Monkey salad included mixed greens, jicama, carrot, grilled chicken, chile-roasted peanuts, and a coconut peanut dressing. The dressing was a bit sweet but a great compliment to the spicy nuts. I enjoyed every bit of my salad. Hubs ordered their version of the Cobb salad, which is untraditional in that it includes grilled filet and shrimp, avocado, and a honey lime dressing. The salad, especially the tender filet, got raves but we felt for $16 the salad should have included more shrimp than three.My 1 year old really enjoyed his macaroni and cheese, which the server was kind enough to bring out first. It was quite tangy, and tasted like it either had very sharp cheddar or included a good amount of mustard in the ingredients. He loved it, as well as the waffle fries. You have to ask about the children's menu because it is not listed on the regular menu.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2011,6/12/2012,43,105,4,11,4>I've only been to Nanataco once so far, but the three tacos and mexican chocolate milkshake that Susan Z and I shared was very good. If I recall correctly, the base price on 3 tacos is $6.50, and then you add $0.75 for each exotic filling taco. We decided to try the chorizo, lamb cheek, and duck confit fillings for our tacos, which we complemented with toppings from their topping bar. The chorizo filling was definitely my favorite by far, and I would find it hard to pass up upon my next visit. Susan loved the lamb cheek filling, but we both thought the duck filling was tough, dry, and a little too salty. The mexican chocolate milkshake definitely had that distinctive spicy flavor of mexican chocolate, and was both delicious and creamy. The prices are pretty competitive when you consider that tacos are $2-3 each from Chubby's, which is my current favorite location for mexican food. I'm tentatively giving Nantaco 4 stars for now based on my first experience, but I don't generally like to rate restaurants until they've really set a trend of exceptional quality. I'm definitely looking forward to my next visit, and will update this review and rating at that time.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2011,6/11/2012,179,270,5,6,4>I got my Deep Fried Freak on last night thanks to Yelp! Thankfully, I could work from home today and recover from my sins. I tried the deep fried kool aid (ooohh yeahhh!!!)), deep fried cheesecake (which was our appetizer of course hehehe), and had a bbq plate w/slaw, etc. Some of you might say... well, that's all fine... where were the oreos and the other goodies. My friend, I will tell you this...I live within walking distance to the fair. I WILL BE BACK. Pace yourself. The best thing about the preview night is that it's really nice and quiet. You don't have to crowd around a lot of folks and the fair is still clean. ha! We met Smokey The Bear (at the Tweetup)...he is still looking good after all these years. Go Smokey! They didn't have the cow milking stall up yet...bummer and the area where you can hold the baby chicks was closed. Again, reason to return!!! Be sure to check both of those out. Other can't misses... the competition cakes (think Cake Boss) and the blue ribbon pumkins and squash... HUGE... 200+ lbs!Thanks Yelp for another great opportunity! I just wish I had another stomach.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2012,6/9/2012,81,795,,8,3>It's only been open a week, but from the number of people I've seen carrying out food, I decided Paisan's must have something going for it.The menu is a manageable one.  It's two pages with the usual appetizers, salads and then a page of entrees.  It's the same menu for lunch or dinner.  The wine list is pretty small, but it has a nice variety of reasonably priced choices.I stopped by late on a Saturday afternoon and there were only a handful of people already seated.   The hostess, who also happened to work as the bartender, was quick to greet.Because it was late afternoon and I was tired, I opted for panino rather than a full meal.   One of the choices was a classic caprese with the mozzarella, tomatoes, and fresh basil.  (It was a tossup between panino and the piccata.)   Since I happen to like caprese as an appetizer and make it at home, this was the good choice.  And as a panini, it was nearly ideal :  An Italian grilled cheese sandwich.  It was warm and crispy on the outside. The basil was fresh and in just the right proportion.  It came with home-made chips that arrived hot and crispy and very lightly salted.   Even though I was full, the waitress convinced me to try a dessert as well and her recommendation of the cannoli was a good one.   Its presentation made it almost too pretty to eat. During my lunch, one of the owners stopped by the table to make sure everything was okay.  The waitress was very forthcoming with information, and shared that the owners have three pizza places in the Raleigh area and this is their first venture into the restaurant scene. That pretty much explained the name that showed up on the door during construction before it became Paisan's.   In even more information sharing, I learned the focus of the owners is to keep things small to make it easier to ensure everything is home-made.  Their chef shares that view.  Paisan's is still finding its rhythm, but it's off to a great start.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2012,6/8/2012,8,158,4,5,6>Dear 3 cups,I am considering renting a bulldozer and a couple of wide load trailers.It would be worth the cost to scoop you up and move you whole hog, 2.5 hours away to Wilmington. I need you.I need your baristas, who while keeping barista cool, have that yin and yang ability to still be friendly. Whoa.Now let me order. There is choice, and no venti snobbery here. You order your beverage in a way even a novice can understand, by the ounce.And lets look at the thing that many coffee houses seen to think they can do without.Food.Well at least yummy snacks.Yo. You've got that covered too.Loved those little kinda hybrid donut-but not things. Kind of like a beignet but I believe they were baked, so you can convince yourself you are having a healthy decadence with your lucious liquid java love.I wish I lived close enough to work down the menu, to discover if you have got the pour down in your hip pocket as well.Seating and Ambience a mix of European bar, low tables, high tables and outside seating.Probably one of the best cups of coffee and worthy of more stars than just 5.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,6/7/2012,32,168,1,6,3>I had walked past this place a million times without giving it a second glance.  The location may work against its favor because I consider 9th street full of college hangouts, and generally avoid most of the restaurants there (except Dain's when I crave a burger and/or beer).  My former boss wanted to take me out for a goodbye dinner and chose Metro 8, one of her favorite restaurants.  I was game to try someplace new.Upon arrival...well, the arrival was complicated by my trouble finding it, even though I was pretty familiar with 9th street.  The exterior can be difficult to see after sundown with its dark colors and unlit restaurant name sign.  Once I found it and entered, though, I was struck by the lovely and elegant interior.  Lots of white and cream and beige, definitely more upscale than I would have predicted for a 9th street restaurant.  It's perfect for a romantic night out, especially for us chicks.  You'll look fantastic in the Oprah Winfrey Show-ish soft warm glowy lighting.I joined the dinner party and our server was fantastic: knowledgeable, courteous, attentive.  She enthusiastically offered her recommendations.  Although this place is renowned for its Argentinian style steaks, there is a wide variety of dishes.  The appetizers include crab-stuffed shrimp, empanadas, chorizo, and caprese.  The mains include several steak and chop choices, as well as fish, poultry, and pasta choices.  We ordered a wonderful, spicy red wine which put all of us in a fantastic mood.I began with the house salad with balsamic vinaigrette, followed by the half portion (8 oz) churrasco skirt steak.  I really liked that we could choose which side dish to accompany the main dish; I went with the sauteed broccolini (the side choices also included baked potato, french fries, sweet potato fries, spinach alfredo, and sauteed asparagus).  The entire group decided to share an order of sweet potato fries.  The salad was huge and fresh and pleasant, the vinaigrette perfect.  The steak was marvelous.  Unless you have a monstrous appetite, the 1/2 portion (8oz as opposed to the full 16 oz) is plenty.  Cooked perfectly medium rare (as requested), tender, juicy, rich with flavor, it virtually melted in my mouth.  I nearly sighed with every delicious bite.  It came with a sauce that I occasionally dipped some pieces of steak into, but the steak was delicious without it.  The broccolini was succulent and perfectly cooked.  I was very impressed with the sweet potato fries, which were crispy on the outside, soft and sweet on the inside--perfect.  I've had so many crappy versions of sweet potato fries since returning to NC, and have longed for the incredible sweet potato fries I used to devour at Puckett's Grocery in Nashville, TN.  Finally, I've found sweet potato fries which rival Puckett's at Metro 8.  We finished our meal with a fantastic molten chocolate cake.  My ex-boss enjoyed it so much she took several more home for her kids.I was extremely impressed with my meal at Metro 8, one of the best dining experiences I've had in the Triangle by far.  My dining companions and their sparkling, hilarious conversation certainly contributed to the warm fuzzies after I left, but much of the credit also goes to the food, wine, and staff at this establishment.  Can't wait to go back.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2011,6/6/2012,290,175,11,10,6>I'm with Phil on this - for price and quality it's a diamond in the rt 55 rough.The menu and service are up to par with the fancier sushi places - and by fancy i just mean by decor, cause they have a nice sushi presentation. How do I know this - well cause my husband and I are fatties and got a sushi boat one night! it was delicious and i did not move for hours afterwards. that's how i roll (or get forklifted) around durham.If you're thinking about sushi tonight, there are a few things you need to know about this place. First, the location is ridiculous and you're going to be put off by the edifice it resides in. Just tough it out and stop being such a wimp. Go inside. Now, you're inside. When you figure out what the shiny ball is doing in the middle of the room, get back to me, cause i have no idea what the hell that is.Now,eat whatever your heart desires. It's yummy and it's buy one get one free for the rolls. The staff will make sure that you're not thirsty (I like diligent water refills, that wins my love quick) and that you leave stuffed and happy.enjoy :)
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2012,6/5/2012,59,219,6,8,4>I'll offer up 2 perspectives on this place....1. [single/married no-baby/kid guy]Apples to apples, this location of FM is hands down better than the Chapel Hill version. There are nice nooks and crannies lending themselves to a quieter more "intimate" atmosphere if you like this sort of thing. The small space and the homey feel of the tables/chairs and outdoor setting along 15-501 makes the space feel more like gathering place for yourself and/or some friends....maybe over a cup of coffee and some cake.2. [family guy with a 10 month old baby]While kid friendly, If you've got your baby in tow, I find the space ridiculously over-crowded requiring one to deftly maneuver one's self  around tables, chairs, other patrons and staff. On colder/rainy days, it's about 6 billion times worse when you've got huge crowds at lunch and b-fast where you'll pretty much have to stand by and wait for an inside table to open up. Late afternoon crowds tend to thin out and tables are plentiful. Highchairs can be found near the soda machine. One bad thing for babies....no diaper changing station in the men's restroom. The women's restroom has a "table" (not a proper changing table, according to my wife and my coworker)....otherwise, be prepared to bring a changing pad of some sort with you, just in case. Else, the CH version is better for babies.================================As others have said, Parker & Otis might be a better venue to frequent for this style of food. The food itself isn't fantastic, but the breakfast is pretty darn cheap - under $7 pp with drinks. Today, we ordered the breakfast biscuit and the breakfast burrito for $4.95 and $5.95, respectively. I found both the biscuit and the burrito kind of dry. Potatoes added to the burrito were of the "home fries" ilk[1]...tending to the dry side - maybe even a bit too much tortilla for my taste.Coming out here is kind of "half-assed" for us CH folks....too lazy to drive to Parker & Otis, but want to get out of CH. It's basically a half-way point for us when we're feeling like lazy asses....BUT, I like the charm, so I'd bump it up a 0.5 extra star over the CH version. As for the free wifi, I couldn't get a signal earlier this morning. So I can't vouch for the wifi. But other access points seem to abound....and I was able to use another wifi network nearby. As a side note, I asked if they had gluten free baked items here for my sis and bro-in-law....negatory. Slightly more charm and outdoor seating than the CH version makes me want to give this location a slight edge, but watch out for crowded times when you've got your kid/baby in tow. Still, it's a great place to meet up with friends and family. 3 - 3.5 solid stars.[1] I'm not a huge fan of home fries.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2012,6/4/2012,11,54,8,4,2>Chicken is good, right?  Waffles are equally awesome, correct?  Chicken and waffles together?!  Insanity!  Just try it, your tastebuds will thank you for long periods to come.  Beware though, just plain waffles will never be satisfying again!  The same probably goes for just plain ole' fried chicken.Seriously, though, Dame's makes one of the best waffles I've ever had, and their chicken is also food coma inducing. The menu is whimsical, with dishes such as the 'Barnyard Honcho' to "get the day crowing" (southern fried chicken, classic waffle, and a pair of eggs made-to-order, with buttered grits: $11.25), and 'Dueling Roosters - Round 1' (fried chicken versus jerk chicken, with hot sauce, a classic waffle, and two shmears: also $11.25).  Let's get to the shmears.  These are flavored creme butters like strawberry, maple pecan, peach and apricot, chocolate hazelnut, and they are sublime.  I'd rather perish in a vat of lard than eat a waffle with regular butter from here on out.Basically, you need to try Dame's, unless you are a fervent hater of both chicken and waffles.  In which case, what's wrong with you?!  Also, if popularity is any indication, then it seems that everyone in Durham agrees.  I live a block away from Dame's, and when I walk by it's usually full during regular meal hours, not to mention it's always seemingly packed during weekend brunch.  They have seats outside on the sidewalk where you can wait, and, at least for brunch, those benches are always full.  If I'm walking past Dame's, I usually have an awkward time making my way through the throngs of brunch-hungry chicken and waffle lovers.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,6/3/2012,49,96,3,8,6>So delicious and well-worth the price!! I used to only get their shakes but started getting the trays this year. Chicken strips are big and meaty. Fries could be crispier but good anyways. The sandwiches/burgers could be bigger but hey it's so cheap. Their hush puppies are great.But the BEST PART are the SHAKES. Favorites: Oreo Mint, Blueberry Cheesecake, and Oreo Eggnog. Or mix whatever you want together!! The shake's only a buck more if you're getting the tray. And if you freeze the shake then you get your own flavor of ice cream! WHERE ELSE COULD I EVER GET OREO EGGNOG ICE CREAM???I've tried a Mocha Pineapple shake and that was surprisingly good. The Hi-C shake I heard was not good though... because it's so watery. I guess avoid any shakes that require a liquid component? Sometimes service from the line takes longer than you'd expect. But my biggest problem is how to balance all the food I get when I make my way back to my car =P
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,8/20/2013,58,186,2,6,4>Top notch experience from start to finish!This really is our 'go to' place for special occasions.  Situated in a strip mall on Falls of Neuse Rd, the exterior looks completely unassuming.  When we first pulled up on upon our first visit a couple of years ago, my first thought was "this is it?!"...."this is what people have been raving about?!".  The answer is YES, YES, and YES.  This IS it.  Once you step inside, you completely forget you're in a strip mall.  They've managed to transform this space into such a lovely upscale dining ambiance that you feel you are literally in Paris.  You are greeted warmly promptly when you walk in and your coat is immediately whisked away somehow without you even noticing.  Once you're sat - which is always immediately as this is a reservation only kind of place, they quickly assess what you're wearing and will change out the linen napkins accordingly.  What a nice treat!  Ladies - how many times have we worn black pants to dinner and then stood up to realize we now have little while lint balls all over ourselves from the napkin?....that won't happen here.  Many of the staff are from France and make the experience all the better.  They're all so polite and courteous and do a great job of explaining anything you may have a question about from food to wine.  There's such attention to every little detail - for example, the menu we get as ladies will not show the price of anything...prices only appear on the gentleman's menu.  Some may find this sexist....I on the other hand find this very endearing.  Ladies are by no means treated inferior in any way in this establishment.  Once you order, you're prompltly given bread and warm butter and an amuse bouche.  The night we dined we had a smoked salmon mousse...delicious!  Everything on the menu is incredible!  We opted to share the prince edward mussels to start - they were huge and wonderful with a very nice broth perfect for bread dipping.  We also shared the soup of the day - roasted red pepper and tomato.  Perfection.  For the entree, I got the special which was a crab stuffed salmon and the hubby got the Cobia Stew Antiboise which consisted of cobia fish, mussels, and shrimp with fennel, leeks, and endive in a light saffron white wine sauce.  Wow is all I can say.  You'll enjoy the palate cleansing sorbet you'll receive in between your appetizer and main course dish.  And you absolutely MUST save room for dessert.  They also have a wonderful wine list by the bottle and by the glass.  Each staff is well versed in all their wines and will make the perfect selection for you if you need advice with French wine.  You simply cannot go wrong with Saint jacques....just look at all the amazing reviews.  If you haven't been here, you simply must!
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,8/19/2013,78,37,,10,2>UPDATE: Well, I'm very sorry but I have to take a star away from my original 5-star review. We've started noticing some very disturbing sanitation issues. If you know me, apparent sanitation issues automatically results in a 1- or 2-star review. But I do like this place a lot and have to compare this to other Indian restaurants around the area, which unfortunately fare far worse (Chefs of India had a C-sanitation score at one point). I haven't noticed anything here that wouldn't accidentally happen anywhere else.  Service is still good but not as friendly as I first thought. I will still enjoy Dawat, but I'll be extra observant while eating.ORIGINAL REVIEW: This isn't the best Indian buffet in RTP, it's the best buffet period! Take one step into Dawat and you'll immediately notice this isn't your typical Indian restaurant in the area. Attention has been spent on the interior design, at least compared to Tandoor, Chefs of India, Spice & Curry, etc. You won't be awe-inspired, but walk in expecting the interior of a typical buffet place and you will be impressed. Dawat manages to be trendy, clean, and interesting while remaining cozy and intimate. The other thing that sets Dawat apart is the service. Sadly, Indian restaurants in our area aren't known for hospitality. In fact, most people will complain that you're treated like trash at other places. I went with a group of 10 co-workers and we received amazing service. Too good, in fact. I had only taken a sip of my water before it was refilled to the brim again. But the most important thing is the food. Dawat's buffet offerings are better than most restaurants' dinner entrees! Best of all, samosas are part of the lunch buffet. And these aren't soggy, greasy, day-old looking samosas. Because the place stays busy, the samosas are refilled about every 15 minutes. These cost a few bucks each on the dinner menu.The vegetarian options are impressive as well as the meat dishes. And this place is serious about quality and taste. You won't get the overwhelming feeling of butter or ready-made packaged spices here. And the naan is top-notch, not the thin pieces of frozen cardboard at other places. And if the above doesn't have you convinced already. Walk into any other place. Let's take Tandoor for example (which isn't a horrible place by any means. I used to frequent it until they made me feel unwelcome). You won't see any Indians dining there. Walk into Dawat and you'll see many Indian people eating here. Give Dawat a try. You might see me there! Stop by and say hi.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2012,8/18/2013,160,383,1,5,3>This was a pleasant experience! Good food, great service and just the right price. Tasu was more upscale than some of the other "discount sushi" places I have been - it has a very nice decor. I was a little taken back that it was a Saturday night and the place wasn't full, but my lady told me that it normally is packed and they are always consistent. This is what I experienced as well - consistency. It was good food, plentiful (two rolls filled us up), and great value. There was one roll that I didn't like, most likely due to my tastes, but it had cucumber wrapped on the outside and had a TON of raw fish. It actually is a good deal for that roll, so if you really like fish get it! The other three were just simply delicious! I will definitely come back to this spot - good food, fancy decor and a great staff. Our waitress was terrific and I really enjoyed her attention to our needs! Great!
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,8/17/2013,127,203,1,10,6>I can't believe I'm writing two 5-star reviews in one day, but my goodness- I was more than surprised by the quality of Sake Bomb!!  Tucked away in a not-so-hot shopping center in SW Durham, this place will not let you down.  The appearance outside was incredibly misleading in that it's a bit sketchy on the outside but what a wonderful treat on the inside.  When you walk in, you walk under two beautiful chandeliers to the host stand.  To your left is an ambient bar area and a nicely decorated dining room on the right.  The hosts are quite friendly and quick to seat you at a table (we even had a group of 6 on a Saturday at 6pm with no reservations!).  We were quickly greeted by our server who suggested several beers, wines, and drink specials.  She even told us about the specials for the night... emphasizing half-priced sushi (even on a Saturday). Thought I'm no sushi sensei, the sushi menu was quite extensive, and everyone seemed to love it.  They have a boat of sushi that has tons of rolls on it, not sure how many types on there.  What a great presentation though!  They have tons of entrees and other choices for those non-sushi lovers, from Thai to Hibachi to noodle dishes.  I ordered the chicken Drunken noodles with 10-star spice.... yes, I said 10-star :) The server made sure I knew what I was talking about before she told the cooks to load my dish with extra thai chilies.  They even brought me a separate bowl of them, and I was super happy about that :) The dish was so fresh (and huge for $14!), and was great warmed up the next day.  My partner Sara got two sushi rolls and two beers, and our bill was like $35.  Not bad at all, not bad. at. all. :)Make sure you go to Sake Bomb when you're in Durham.... it's safe to say I'll drive 45 minutes out of my way to come here again & again.... and again :)
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,8/16/2013,179,340,9,12,4>Oh my heavens to biscuit!This is hands-down my favorite place to have coffee.  They use the pour-over method at Jubala.  In my opinion, this is the best way to make coffee.  It tastes fresh, robust, and flavorful.  It is worth waiting a few extra minutes for that slow, satisfying drip.  And the biscuits, ohmylord, the biscuits.  They have a slightly sweet flavor.  I chose the biscuit with pimento cheese and maple bacon.  I might have cried a little when it hit my tongue.  Although it was difficult, I saved a little piece of said biscuit, and drove to my friend's house in Durham and had her taste it.  But more realistically, I wanted to share that biscuit with the whole world.  Because the biscuits at Jubala make this world a better place.   My friend almost made me drive back to North Raleigh to get some more biscuits.  That's how good they are.I'll be in Raleigh next week.  And I am already drooling thinking of Jubala.  You make my mouth water, Jubala.  There is a big bit of drool running out the corner of my mouth and down my chin.  And with any luck, next week that drool will be flavored like maple bacon biscuit and pour-over coffee.  I know it's a little soon, but is it okay to say "I love you", Jubala?  Hugs and coffee-flavored kisses,Laurie
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,8/15/2013,20,23,4,8,4>BBQ met soul food, one thing led to another, and it was good.This place may never be able to claim the title of best 'cue in the state, or even the Triangle, but it is a solid, reliable go-to. Here's why:These folks are, to my knowledge, the only smokehouse in Durham County that still actually cooks over wood coals. Not Bullock's, nor the Q Shack, nor any of the other popular places. In my opinion, you can taste the difference. While the meat itself is (I'd say) undersauced when you get it, you get a better baseline with a wood-smoked slab of meat. When you do add sauce, it's white vinegar-based, which is atypical for this region. That may be partly why it lacks punch, but it's completely edible.The slaw and pups are just a touch too sweet for me, but these are not dealbreakers. Most folks quite love them. And saying they're a touch too sweet doesn't mean I don't still find them pretty decent (they are), but we're putting that out there.The mac and cheese--more appropriately, cheese with mac--is good in that artery-clogging soul-satisfying sort of way, but I also find their other sides appealing. The sweet potatoes are heavenly, good greens and green beans, the cabbage is tasty, the corn nice and salty, and the Brunswick stew is ok (again, a bit too sweet for my liking, but that seems to be the style locally).The other meats are also flavorful and fall-off-the-bone tender (some call this overcooked--if you're one of those folks, stick to the 'cue), though more expensive than the barbecue.These folks are ultra-friendly. I never go there without getting a smile and/or some playful teasing and/or some samples of other foods. Even from the gruff guy at the front of the line who gives you grief if you don't tell him up-front that you want slaw with your barbecue. These are good people. They want you to leave fed and happy, and it shows.And what's more, Backyard BBQ Pit still has good pricing on their 'cue. $4.99 for a sandwich combo (sandwich plus two sides). $6.99 for a plate (cue, slaw, puppies, two sides). Never paid much attention to how much the drinks cost, but I'd guess $1.50, with free refills. And they serve beer, though I've never seen a single person order one. Pineapple lemonade is worth trying out.Anyway, give it a shot. Don't expect the best, but do expect a solid, better-than-average standard bearer with great pricing and great people.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,8/14/2013,21,60,1,5,2>FINALLY made it here! And while better late than never certainly applies, I wish I hadn't waited. In-laws were in town and it was a perfect excuse to go. We made reservations via OpenTable, and were seated immediately. The service was great, and our waitress was really sweet. To start, they bring you really fresh, doughy garlic knots. Yes, of course we asked for a second helping. I'm not crazy! We shared the burrata cheese to start, and nothing beats insanely fresh mozzarella! I just wish they gave you more crostinis. Alas, the extra garlic knots made up for it. I went with the chicken marsala because if risotto is on a menu, I cannot resist. The chicken was the perfect balance of sweet and salty. The risotto was nice and fluffy. A great dish. My husband had the pork cannelloni and I could just tell it pained him to share a bite. It was that good. In-laws had the spaghetti and meatballs and the family gravy. Both raved, and the meatballs were very moist and flavorful. To end, we shared the tiramisu and panna cotta. Both were very good. This has easily earned a spot in the rotation, can't wait to return.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,8/13/2013,91,136,3,3,3>Great food begins with great customer service...  And no one does it better than Main Street Grille. I have eaten here many times and am always met with a warm "Hello" from Chris on each visit.  Not only is the service great the food speaks for itself.  The items I have tried were prepared fresh and were always tasty.  The MVP of   Main Street Grille are the amazing pastries.  Everything is made fresh and in house and Man Oh Man...  The donuts are moist, the cakes are simply delicious, and the brownies are oh so fudgy!  There are so many pastries to choose from and all of them are worth a try.  Don't expect anything fancy.  Main Street Grill is a down to earth place to catch a fulfilling bite with great service.  I can't wait to go back!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,8/12/2013,57,94,2,6,2>This is a great place in Raleigh that I have been going to since 2004. The shop is run by a very friendly Korean couple and I have been very, very pleased with their service over the years. They make your shoes look like new. I have had shoes and boots re-heeled, re-toed, re-soled as well as having the inner arch/lining repaired. While I'm all about buying new shoes, I love taking care of the ones I own and this place has enabled me to significantly extend the life of expensive boots and shoes. They also do a great job on purses: a few years ago a friend had her purse stolen out of her car in Durham. The empty purse was found abandoned in downtown Durham. The nice folks at Quail Ridge Shoe Repair made her leather Kate Spade purse look like new - and it had been pretty worked over. They will ask you to pay at the time that you drop your shoes off for repair, so don't forget to pick up your shoes!
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,8/11/2013,39,190,,8,1>I'm HORRIBLE at taking care of my car at times, and while I like to say it's that I love and trust my mechanic up north (I've known him for about 20 years), it's really that I'm too lazy to find someone around here.  Two of my tires were dangerously bald and I needed to replace them, but didn't want to buy four new ones since the irregular wear is due to a repair I'll be fixing soon.  We called a few places this morning and ended up at Murray's.  Not only did they not try to sell me things I didn't need like a few other places we called, but they also said that if I were to wait until the afternoon they might have some used tires in, which would save us at least $100.  Perfect for a quick fix.  I walked through the door in the afternoon, told them what I was looking for, and in a few minutes I was out back moving my car into the bay and looking at the used tires.  I got to pick the ones I wanted to go on the car and went back to the waiting room.  Maybe twenty minutes tops later, I was paying for my tires and on my way.  I can't argue AT ALL with two tires in great condition for $73 (tax and installation included).  The service was professional, fast, and all-around awesome.  I can't recommend them enough.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2011,6/23/2012,69,172,2,10,6>Backyard Bistro is probably one of the closest restaurants to us, so when it popped up on Groupon, I jumped at the chance to get a good deal and finally check it out.We used the Groupon within days of purchasing it, a feat in and of itself, and headed over.  It...was...PACKED. It was probably 5 or so on a Saturday night. Apparently, there were several events happening nearby, including Sesame Street Live.  Backyard Bistro is basically the only restaurant on Trinity Road, except for Wendy's, so they are in a good spot! Just have to watch out for major events at the RBC Center, etc.It was about a 10 minute wait for the two of us, so I took some of the decor and surroundings in while I waited. It's definitely a sports bar kind of place, but really, really big.  There were table options that were not next to the gigantic TV screens, but we opted to sit in the sort of  "theater"-type area, anyway. They also have a back patio. Seating at the large bar is an option, as well.We were seated and one of the best features, I thought, was that they put hand sanitizer on the tables! Great idea. You also can listen, or not listen, to what's on TV via a speaker system.Our server was awesome and sooo friendly. Our food did take forever, but we were content. She, however, was mortified and kept offering us free things! We tried to say no, but she kept insisting. We could tell the restaurant was completely overwhelmed with so many guests.We started with the poutine, and it was amazing!! We devoured the huge plate of fries, gravy and cheese curds. Unbelievable.  I also had the burger for my entree and a side salad. The burger was so good - they use Angus Barn beef and La Farm buns, so how can you go wrong? All the dressings are house-made and the Italian I chose was really good.You can tell the owner/chef really loves his restaurant and takes pride in what he does. I even got a free dessert to take home. I chose the banana pudding and it did not disappoint. Really delicious. We will definitely be back, even though all in all, we were there close to 1.5 hours. Our server made up for it though, and she really kept her cool throughout everything, and that made up for any waiting we had to do.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,6/22/2012,79,87,1,8,4>I was very excited to check out this newest addition of Tyler's right by Peace College. I live only a block away, so I was determined to see if this could be a frequented bar of mine. I went there twice (once on Saturday the 21st for some dinner and again on Monday the 23rd for drinks and pool). I was not disappointed. Saturday:My first visit was during a very busy Saturday night. Nearly all of the tables were taken, but we were still able to sit 3 in a booth. While outside walking in, I noticed a very nicely sized deck with a bar (for those warm Summer nights). Once inside, I noticed the sheer size of the place -- this bar is HUGE. Brick walls with local and non-local breweries logos painted on, which I thought was awesome. They have a bar that wraps around the left side of the place, which offers plenty of seating. They have 20+ tables, three regulation sized pool tables with red felt, and two bathrooms. I had chicken tenders (wanted something very light). They were pretty tasty but I swear I have had the exact same tenders at Lynnwood Grill. They either have the same recipe or the same supplier. The first two beers I chose from their extensive offerings were out of stock (I can't remember the beers as I had never had them and wanted to try something new). The server was polite and apologized about the beers not being available. I understood as they are a new establishment and probably don't have their logistics figured out perfectly. Thankfully, the third one I ordered was in stock. Monday:Two nights ago I wanted to go back and see how it was on a slower night. There was still at least 20-25 people there, two of the pool tables being used, so my friends and I made our way to the third table. This place had pool-hall quality tables (not coin operated) and quality cues to boot. We played 6 games of 8-ball while pouring our own pints from one of the self-serve tables. Wait....what was that??? YES. You can pour your own pints if you reserve a table to do so. There's two different tables (one right by the pool tables and one further behind). You have a choice between two draft beers. You give them your card and they activate the table (the screen goes from CLOSED to OPEN and the meter resets itself to 0.00 Pints). You then pour your pints and it keeps track of what you've poured. I have to say...this paired with the brand new pool tables made the night for me. No waiting on a server for another beer. No going up to a crowded bar for another beer. Just pool playing and pint pouring. The only negative: The kitchen closes very early. It would be nice to be able to at least order some bar food/appetizers later in the night (11pm-2am). Still not enough of a negative for me to remove a star.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2011,6/21/2012,135,254,2,15,6>"Another tasty bakery in downtown Durham"We've always enjoyed Loaf's breads from the Durham Farmer's Market, and we appreciate now having the opportunity to get their breads at other times of the week.  The store has ~7 kinds of breads and an assortment of cookies and other sweets (e.g., chocolate croissants) at any time.  They also have some coffee, a couple of cheeses, and some sausages.Pluses:+ Breads and sweets consistently taste great.  Especially love their olive bread.+ Very friendly staff- always helpful.+ Breads are reasonably priced: ~$6 range/ loaf.Minuses (all of which are minor):- Some of the sweet items are a little pricey given their size: more pricey than Daisy Cakes, for example.- Not always open during their stated hours. Have gone more than once to find it closed.- No place to sit in the store-- to-go only.Overall, we think the pluses outweigh the minuses, and I have to say my family are fans.My WORRY is that the ever-growing number of bakeries just in downtown Durham may not be sustainable in the long-term.  Just in a few minutes' walking distance of this place are Scratch, Daisy Cakes, Ninth Street Bakery, and an assortment of cafes (e.g., Beyu, Rue Cler).  It's hard to imagine a completely distinct niche for each of these places (except Rue Cler).  The advantage for consumers is that, if one happens to be closed or not have a daily special you want, you have many other options.  However, I do not know if there's enough business to sustain this many places given the undoubtedly high rents.  Time will tell, and I do hope Loaf gets enough business to keep going.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,6/20/2012,31,93,11,16,6>An asian foot massage spa in a wal-mart shopping center? In North Carolina? California is full of these places, and many of them are great, and some of them are shady. But in NC?My expectations were pretty low. But I was enticed by the combination of some time to kill on a friday afternoon, a $26/half-hour foot massage price tag and proximity to my new home.Everybody in the place was friendly. Like, smiling-at-you-for-no-reason-making-you-wonder-if-­they're-slow-should-I-have-my-guard-up?-nope-they'­re-just-nice-people type of friendly.And the foot massage was fantastic. I know about massage. And this was a really good one. She worked hard and she knew the spots to hit.And at minute 25, I drifted off. They left me undisturbed and I woke up 40 minutes later with a smile on my face. I had occupied their chair for over an hour and they still only charged me the 30-minute price, despite being fairly busy. Now that is great customer service.If I wanted to nitpick, I would point out that the "red wine" is a chilled box rose'...but then I would remember that it was free.Go here. Go here now.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2011,6/19/2012,346,337,4,18,6>In Search of EmpanadasVisit: September 27R-Line Stop: R15 (before 6:30 pm). R17 (after 6:30 pm)The search is over! I have found the little stuffed pastries at Calavera. Empanadas! Say it with me...em-pa-na-das. It's fun just saying the word and the delight doesn't stop there. The empanadas tasted as good as I was anticipating. Last night my girl friend and I (too bad, so sad our husbands were busy with work) ventured into Calavera for some empanadas and tequila. I was pleased from my very first step into Calavera. You enter into a small but intimate square room where the bar is located. I really liked the décor of deep, dark red walls and the dim lighting from little star lights above the bar and the wall of candles. We walked up the stairs to the dining area. I like being on the second floor looking out over Artspace and the busy streets of downtown. A waitress instructed us to pick any table and she brought us the empanadas and cocktail menu and the menu for beer and wine. She explained that they are offering 4 empanadas at this time and plan to add more varieties in the future. The empanadas are $3/each. We asked her about the size of the little personal pies and she approximated with her hands making a half moon shape with her thumbs and forefingers. We asked if we could place an order for one and then order more later. No problem! My friend and I started with the Holy Frijolies filled with seasoned black beans, roasted sweet potatoes, and cheese. The filling was delicious. These savory empanadas had a delicate, flaky, incredible pastry crust. Some of the best piecrust I have had. It's very similar to the piecrust at PieBird. I wonder if these two restaurants are affiliated? My college roommate who is of Cuban descent first introduced me to empanadas over 20 years ago. My roommate made seasoned beef filled empanadas with a flour dough that was more like bread and what you find at traditional Cuban restaurants in South Florida or the Argentinean restaurant, The Oakwood Café, in DTR. Even though the turnover coating wasn't what I was expecting, it was exceptional. The empanadas were served on a white platter with 2 scrumptious salsas, a green and a red. We both loved the sauces and asked for more to go with our empanadas. My friend and I decided to order another round of empanadas. I tried the Picadillo filled with ground beef, potatoes, onion, tomato, and green chili. This fragrant beef filling was perfectly seasoned with a rich, hearty flavor. My friend, who is vegetarian, ordered more Holy Frijolies. I am looking forward to trying new empanadas and I hope that they add more options for vegetarians as well. As Shannon P. mentioned in her review, as Calavera expands their menu, I would also like to see some additional options of chips and salsa and some side items such as green salad or veggies. Well, you can't go to a tequila bar and not order tequila. Actually you can since Calavera offers a full bar...but when in Rome. I ordered the La Catrina made with tequila blanco with watermelon and a hint of basil and lime with a light dusting of sugar on the rim...very tasty! My friend picked out a gin drink called Cucumber Mint Aqua Fresca. Wow! I'm not a fan of gin but this drink rocked! Just the right combination of mint, sweet, and sour...ideal cocktail for summer.The wait staff was very friendly and helpful and our food was served quickly. Overall, it was a great experience. If you are looking for one of the staples of Latin cuisine of handmade and fresh baked empanadas, let your search lead you to Calavera.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2012,6/18/2012,611,755,,16,8>The Empress room has arrived!  Sitting atop the wonderful C. Grace, this Asian themed cocktail lounge is bringing some exoticness to S. Glenwood.  Clamber up the stairs of what used to be the Pourch, pass the gong at the entrance-way and you'll be soaking in the scene.  Lacquered turquoise bar with a gently lit Buddha in the backdrop.  Beaded lounge areas with stuffed couches, and Asian hints everywhere.  The porch is populated with wicker rocker chairs which will be perfect when things warm up. The cocktail menu is smaller, ten choices for now split between the Ladies and Gents.  I tried the Nero (ginger, rum, soda ) and the Shin Qui, a pina colada-ish type drink.  Smooth and well made but definitely a lot fruitier than what you'll find downstairs.  The space is much smaller than it's big brother but not a problem, it'll just make for a more intimate scene.  So it's early but the Empress is looking pretty good right now, it's great to have some new and unique lounges in the hood...
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,6/17/2012,264,1065,3,8,6>Do you remember the mini golf places of your youth, when you went to a rickety-looking seedy place randomly, a place with a windmill, an animal-related hole, and a finish that randomly had soft-serve ice cream?  Frankie's is not that place.  The best way to describe Frankie's is that it's a mini-amusement park, and it is quite awesome.  I took my date here on one nice Saturday afternoon, ready for a fun experience filled with mini golf and other tomfoolery.  The mini golf is quite excellent:  3 possible courses to play with a variety of holes, and while I may not be good at it (0-1-1 on the day), it was still a lot of fun.  It's $7 per person per game. After the foray into mini-golf, we wandered a bit, first checking out the go-kart tracks.  There were no giant question blocks to bash and get blue spiky shells from, but these kart courses seem like a lot of fun, and I'd definitely check them out in the future.   Bumper Boats, batting cages, and driving ranges were also outside, all looking like good fun. The inside is quite epic.  It's an arcade, and more specifically the arcade one would find in the 1990s on steroids.  Skeeball is here, called IceBall with cool balls.  It's only 50 cents to play, though you need a Frankie's Card to play.  There's a giant trivia machine, Ms. Pac-Man, a mini bowling alley, Big Buck Hunter, mini basketball, a shooting game where I think you shoot at hillbillies, and various other games for tickets.  The tickets get you things, including possibly a giant Penguin!They also have a giant climbing thing (sadly not for the older people types) and Laser Tag (for those of you that want to find your inner Barney Stinson without sleeping with 200+ women).  Finally, there's the restaurant.   It looks like it is probably regularly crazy due to the amount of parties at this place, but it's not too shabby, especially if you're at the bar area, where you can order decently priced dinner.So yes, very yes on Frankie's.  It's like your entire youth, with lots of flashy things and mini golf.   Sadly no random soft serve.  That stuff was yummy. :(
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,6/16/2012,52,117,,12,3>I went to Piola tonight with a few friends and had a great time. Truthfully I was a bit dismayed by some of the reviews I read, but the location of the restaurant worked for most of us and my friends wanted to try it out, so we ended up going here but thankfully we had a wonderful experience. The server for one was very attentive and patient with our numerous questions about the menu options. Since the menu is pretty extensive and mentions some foreign cheeses that none of us had ever heard of before, we were confused for quite some time as to what to order. After about 15 minutes of friendly banter in which we discussed the merits of one cheese over another or pizza vs. pasta and the difficulty in finding a delectable tiramisu that doesn't contain alcohol (Piola's does NOT and it was quite tasty and done in a unique way - upside down with the ladyfingers on top), we finally settled on our orders and munched on some bread with olive oil and vinegar while we waited. While one of my friends chose the gnocchi, the rest of us ordered different pizzas. I shared a quattro formaggi (4 cheese) pizza with a friend, which was probably one of the more gourmet 4 cheese pizzas I've ever had with gorgonzola, brie, mozzarella and grana padano cheeses. While I couldn't really taste the brie, the gorgonzola was in little clumps on the pizza (kind of like how they put ricotta cheese on a white pizza) and those clumps of blue cheesiness made the pizza. We tried to compare the pizza to other wood-fired restos like Brixx, but Piola is very different. The pizza is greasier than Brixx, which I thought made it better and made it taste more like real, satisfying pizza unlike the air-like pizza at Brixx, but others disagreed and said they preferred Brixx. My suggestion: don't come to Piola with a pre-set notion of what wood-fired pizza should taste like, and you'll likely come away with a more objective opinion. My friend and I also shared a salad and a tiramisu for dessert. The salad was called Roka Cabana and as the website states it is a very simple salad but very tasty. It was arugula, tomatoes, yellow peppers, cubed mozzarella, pistachios with a pomegranate dressing. So really it only contained 5 ingredients + the dressing, and while it was heavy on the arugula, it was one of the most unique and tasty salads I've ever had. The pistachios seemed strange to me at first, but they balanced out the sweetness of the tomatoes and the dressing. The tiramisu as mentioned earlier, was divine in its own eccentric, upside down way. Another friend got the profiterole for dessert which was a biscuit-like bread cut in half with ice cream in the middle and melted chocolate on top. Both of the desserts made us want to come back another time just for dessert, which surprised us all since we all came in assuming it was a place just known for pizza. Thankfully we were all proven wrong in this flawed assumption, and we ended the evening on a sweet and satisfying taste of Piola.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,6/15/2012,41,224,,7,4>Sawasdee is a fantastic little spot right off of Capital Blvd. It's not the biggest dining room out there, so on busier nights, you may have to wait for a table, but the wait's never long. From what I hear everything here is fantastic. Everyone I've ever been with has raved about their food. I always swear I'm going to try something new, but I get suckered into my old favorites 90% of the time- the Tom Yum soup, the Drunken Noodles (2 stars not 3, I'm a baby), the red curry. I do want to be adventurous, it's just that when you find something that's so perfectly done, it's hard to pass up the chance to have it when you get the chance! I love the colorful decor. It's dim enough to be relaxing and a romantic date spot, but colorful and cheerful enough to provide a really fun and authentic atmosphere. The only thing I knocked a star off is for the bathrooms. They are in the back, hardly separated from the BOH, and kind of dingy. Plus, as a female, any restaurant with less than 3 toilets means you're occasionally gonna have to wait, so I don't recommend waiting until you're desperate, haha. A couple of years back, when my kids were younger, a friend told me this place wasn't "kid-friendly". I've since realised that she meant that a) a lot of people in this place aren't going to appreciate anything but very well-behaved children infringing on their dining space, and b) if you've got a picky eater, you're SOL because they don't do a "kids menu" or "chicken fingers". However, if you've got well-behaved kids who appreciate a little spice, or if you're ordering takeaway, I still recommend it for kids. My 7-yr-old loves the drunken noodles and usually mooches so much that I'm soon going to have to start ordering him his own adult-sized meal!
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2012,6/14/2012,43,194,,3,7>This has been my chosen spot for my birthday dinner as long as I can remember. I am a fan of everything about this restaurant and have never had a bad experience here. I have also been here for other celebration-type occasions (anniversaries, etc).The place is a lot more casual than it used to be, it's just basically a large barn style building with a similar theme inside. Some people get dressed up to eat here, but you'll see just as many people eating in jeans. When you sit down to your table, you are greeted by a basket of homemade crackers and two types of cheese - cheddar and blue. The cheese and crackers are one of my favorite parts of dinner here! They sell the cheese and crackers in their store area up front if you want to take a crock of it home too. You also get some really good, buttery bread and a tray of olives before your entree even comes out. I always order the smaller filet, which is wrapped in bacon and served with your choice of side (generally I go for the mashed potatoes - always tasty) and a grilled tomato. It also comes with a salad that is brought out after the cheese and crackers. It is a lot of food and I have never left hungry! I have never ordered anything besides steak here, so I can't comment on any of their other entrees because it is too hard for me to come here and steer away from the steak.Being that this is where I go for my birthday, they will always bring you a small pound cake after your meal for your birthday, which is topped with homemade whipped cream and a strawberry. I have yet to eat any of this cake at the restaurant (I'm always too full!), but it is always a delicious treat the next day!The service here is some of the best in the area and we've always had waiters that are quick to give you recommendations or point you towards a good bottle of wine. Yes, the prices here are high, but I believe it is worth it for the amount of food you get and how good it is for the price!On your way out of the restaurant, make sure to grab an apple from the huge barrel right by the door!
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,7/31/2013,13,32,,7,3>We ate here for the first time last night and we are fans!  The atmosphere is like a bustling Parisian restaurant and rather casual (if you are looking for quiet, intimate and formal, you may want the other french restaurant further north).  Our server, Brett, was awesome - very attentive, engaging and knowledgeable. This place was packed and the waitstaff was busy - evenso, our service was very good.We commented how it may be fun to come in some time and try several appetizers as small plates - we had a hard time choosing!  I started with Steak Tartare and my husband, Steve, had 2: a half dozed Oysters and the Onion Soup Gratinee.  Mine was phenomenal - the steak was already mixed with the grain mustard and shallots with the raw quail egg on top, cornichons and crostini on the side.  The grain mustard gave it a nice little punch!  Steve's oysters were some of the best either of us have ever had...no cocktail sauce but a mignonette sauce that had a wonderful flavor and didn't overpower the delectable oysters.  The onion soup was done very well: hearty, cheesy, piping hot in the crock.For our main entree, I had the Parisian Gnocchi and Steve had the Cassoulet.  Brett explained that the gnocchi is only made with flour, not like the Italian-style potato gnocchi most of us are familiar with.  The combination of the crawfish tails and the tasso ham cream sauce was divine...could have easily been eating this is New Orleans!  Steve's Cassoulet was to die for - pork, duck confit, bacon, andouille sausage, white beans baked together.  This is a hearty serving - it was delicious...moist, savory and perfectly balanced.  Both of us would order both dishes again.We weren't going to have dessert because both of us were already stuffed but figured we could split a creme brulee.  However, Brett told us about the Coeur a la Creme and I decided to try it.  First, the creme brulee was perfect (as one would expect); traditional style with some fresh berries on top. The coeur was decadent...think: cheesecake - but very whipped and light - minus the heavy crust - with raspberry sauce on the side.  We are going to try and make this at home - it was delicious - so light and simply flavorful.So - there it is - we will come back. Great location and reasonably priced.  For all of that (plus 3 glasses of wine and 3 drinks), the bill was under $160 not including tip.  Great dining experience!
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,7/30/2013,64,208,,8,3>White Deer Park is a true gem hidden in the "wilds" of the town of Garner.  The new Nature Center is just lovely with a public display area and a private educational area.  On our visit, we enjoyed holding snakes and observing frogs and turtles.  The building is surrounded by a wooden deck that is perfect for outdoor wildlife observation.There are two wonderful playgrounds, several picnic area shelters and plenty of parking.  I haven't been on the trails yet but there are apparently 2 miles of paved pathways.The town of Garner has some wonderful events at the White Deer Park.  Most recently, we enjoyed the Groundhog day celebration and a lumberjack competition!
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,7/29/2013,107,166,1,4,3>I came here for a quick lunch with an amazon local deal of $7 for $15 to spend on lunch. I got there a little after they opened and was their first and only customer for the time I was there. It wasn't a big deal and the server  wasn't watching over me in the corner or anything. Since I had a coupon, I decided to treat myself and went for a 3-course lunch. I started with Troy salad which was a nice way to wake up my appetite. I mentally prepared myself for the fig paste in the salad to look a bit unappealing, but it actually was not bad at all. I barely noticed them. I have always enjoy dried fruits in my salad and the fig paste did not let me down. I imagine it would be a good way to make someone eat a bowl of spinach! For my main course, I was debating between the wrap and the clay pot. I went with the clay pot at the end since I have never had it before. They seasoned the dish really well. I especially enjoy all the squash that came with it. They did not skimp on the meat either! It was a bit more on the hearty and heavy side because of the cheese they add. It was good nonetheless. As for dessert I got baklava in hope that it would be served with strawberries! (I am such a sucker for strawberries... it's a bit ridiculous) unfortunately either because it wasn't strawberry season or that it would add too much to the cost of ingredients, mine was served with strawberry syrup (with real strawberry in it nonetheless!). They served it warm so you can really smell the cinnamon and it smelled amazing! In attempt to save my waistline, I only had a piece and boxed the rest home. I failed miserably and finished all 3 pieces rest of the afternoon...I had a great meal and would definitely come back again for lunch and dinner.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,7/28/2013,94,149,,4,5>We stopped in for the White Street Brewers Guild meeting and it was phenomenal. These guys are passionate, innovative, and a great resource. It was great to try some of the brews that the members are making. If you're into home brewing or want to get into it, I would highly recommend checking out a meeting.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,7/27/2013,15,28,6,6,3>Pregnant with childAnd his name is BRUNCHFOOD: served in a buffet style the options do not stop from frittatas, waffles, to spanakopita. They have options for you veggie friends to your carnivorous with tender cuts at the carving station. The options are constantly changing with food from all over the world.ENVIRONMENT: The décor is amazing. Of course I do love my hole in the wall but when I can get great food in an amazing environment I have reached ValhallaSERVICE:  Many times you have two waiters serving you at a time. I have never had such amazing service with my glass never going empty (Libations or that thing they call water). Plates are always cleared and your server will give you a tour around they bars giving you information about all the various types of food and even helped pick out items my vegetarian friends could eat. A++++TIPS: Make reservations especially for large parties. If you have to wait and it is a cold day try my favorite: Hot chocolate with Amaretto.CONS: I did not wear my sweat pants CONCLUSION: With a reasonable price, great food, amazing service, and a fabulous modern global atmosphere this place should be on the top of your list for brunch spots.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2013,7/26/2013,62,167,,2,5>Today was my second visit to the Refectory Cafe. My first visit was several weeks ago, and I was impressed enough to return. That day, I had their club sandwich and a small side salad with homemade ranch. The salad was surprisingly tasty. It was indeed small, but it was full of flavor and a much better choice than chips. The club sandwich was also very good. It could have been better with a bit of mayonnaise, and I bet they would add it to the sandwich.Today, I stopped by on a whim. I had just left a local "gourmet" market without making a purchase. Hungry and disappointed, I drove pretty much aimlessly but trying to find just the right late lunch. I remembered the Refectory Cafe was ahead, and I remembered the dessert case filled with tempting cakes. I decided to stop.The soup of the day was a spicy chicken verde. Oh. My. God. Lightly spicy with tender chicken, it reminded me of touring New Mexico and the sadly departed General Store Cafe's Famous New Mexican Green Chile Burrito. So divine. I took a bowl to go.I was saddened that that chocolate cake I had seen on my first visit wasn't in the case, but I recovered quickly. Banana Pudding Cheesecake caught my eye. As George Takei might say... Oh heck... as I might say... "OH MY!" I'm at a loss for words. The best I can say is not as sweet as banana pudding but somehow even richer. It was awesome.The prices are a bit hefty. They show their confidence in their products, and while there is some sticker shock, the flavors are worth it.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,7/25/2013,68,214,1,4,2>Oh how I love a solid new restaurant! Far too often I feel that new restaurants spend months and months trying to find their footing, floundering around in the mecca of Triangle Dining. Not so for Bolt. We had opentable.com reservations for 8pm on a Saturday night and found ourselves transported to a black and red dining room of casual elegance. All of the staff were pleasant and welcoming and our server was delightful. Everyone seemed to be working together and we always had what we needed at our fingertips. We weren't terribly hungry but enjoyed the lavash chips and bean spread (nice twist on the traditional bread & oil) and ordered some hummus, olives and feta. Nice and light. We ordered some of the best salads I've ever had pre-meal at a restaurant including an innovative chopped kale salad with all kinds of deliciousness inside and a hearty, flavorful caprese salad. We ordered burgers and a chicken dish which were very good and had nice twists (i.e. pimento cheese on the burger and fried tomatoes with the chicken dish). They have a nice wine selection. Great portion sizes (I love me some hearty food, what can I say). All in all, I really enjoyed our meal here and it's a good location for as classy or low key as you want to be. I think Bolt will do well...try it!
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,7/24/2013,37,158,,3,2>I wanted to follow-up and add that whenever I have guests from out of town, I always stop by Guglhupf and purchase a variety of breads to have on-hand for dinner--this has never failed me.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,7/23/2013,67,177,,5,2>Bf and I came here to celebrate the end of my second year of law school the other night. I have little fondue experience (just two prior trips to The Melting Pot), but it can be so much fun! However, you have to really be in the mood to (a) take a long, leisurely dinner, and (b) cook your own food.The atmosphere is really cool and cozy. We were seated in a two-person booth that was small but snuggly. The bright blue tiled tables are really nice, and the artwork is bright and funky.The menu is very large, but our server, Nicole, helped us out. We also came on Sunday night, which is 1/2 price bottle night - winning! For our first course (the cheese course), we picked the Havarti Dill. It went so well with fresh bread from Ninth Street Bakery down the road. Second course is salad, so bf opted for the chef's, and I got mushrooms and zucchini. The ranch dressing tastes really fresh (and is thick)! By this time, we were actually pretty full, but we had some down time between courses. We chose the Big Dipper (it's under the two entrees option), which includes a lobster tail, filet mignon, shrimp, and sashimi tuna. Everything was delicious. The sauces (with two entrees you get to pick four, plus you get melted butter with the lobster) were great, too. We were too full for dessert, but I hope to try it some day!Also, just in case you aren't the most familiar with downtown Durham (we are still working on getting our bearings down), it's in Brightleaf Square.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,7/22/2013,64,257,1,5,3>One of my tests of classic American-style Chinese food is whether or not it tastes really good when it's cold. Peace China passes this test with flying colours - and it's pretty darn good when fresh and hot, too! Located in an out of the way back corner of Seaboard Station, the no-frills restaurant offers takeaway and dine-in for lunch and dinner, and offers most of the classics one associates with fortune cookies and faux Asian-style takeout boxes. The lunch specials are inexpensive and filling - though I know this only from dining with a meat-eating friend, as the lunch special menu lacks meatless choices. Meat-free choices are pretty limited overall, really, though what they do offer is tasty.My go-to is the Szechuan tofu, which features fried tofu and loads of cabbage, broccoli, zucchini and carrots lightly sauced, while the spouse opts for the vegetarian Singapore noodles; they're a favourite of his in general, and he says Peace China does them well. Everything is served in paper containers whether you dine in or not, though I was pleased to see the containers are biodegradable. The specials often include grass-fed beef and the food overall seems less greasy and salty than is usually the case, so you can satisfy your need for the Chinese-American version of junk food while being health conscious and environmentally conscious all at once!Atmosphere is minimal, decor is negligible, but the food is the reason you're there anyway! We've yet to be disappointed with a meal at Peace China, and look forward to many meals yet to come.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2011,5/12/2011,24,139,2,5,3>I'm blaming this month's fatty-fatness on my inability to stay away from bowls of cheese and rum at El Rodeo. I seem to be following the same general evening diet plan here:chips & salsaqueso1-3 chicken enchiladas27 oz. strawberry daiquiriTakes care of a Mexican food craving and pretty cheap for the amount of food. (I appreciate the a la carte menu for hunger/portion/price control.) TVs aren't great (no flat screens or giant ones) but there are enough around that you can watch multiple games if you squint a little. I've only had one unfriendly server -- all the rest are good. Lately I've been hiding out here to eat and drink while getting work done -- good place for that. It's not *too* loud or distracting, and it's a big place so there's not much pressure to move. Good place for (casual) groups too, which is how I discovered it originally.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2010,5/11/2011,109,358,2,4,4>Good stuff. I must admit it is frustrating though, that they do not have the toppings for the pizza that Pop's Backdoor has. So if you want pizza, I would suggest Pop's Backdoor.Pop's has recently moved locations into Brightleaf Square which I am assuming is a larger space for them than previously (though I do not know as I had never been to the old one). I think the space is a bit weirdly organized but that may be just me.We went one night and were told the chef was saving the two bar tables closest to him even though there was a long wait. So we waited and there was a bit of confusion because we were told bar tables were first come first serve but apparently there is a separate wait list for those tables as well FYI. So we did get kicked out of a bar table which was a bit annoying but understandable, just wish it was explained better to us.The food was all excellent. I would suggest trying the roasted almonds they are of so yummy. I had a salad and the scallop special that evening. It was all delicious and perfectly cooked though I do think the scallops could have used a bit more flavor. Also, random tip but the olive oil here is super yummy so make sure you try it. All in all a good Italian restaurant that is high and not all carbs and cream sauce!
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,5/10/2011,17,83,2,4,6>DISCOVERY ALERT:  This place just opened a couple of weeks back and is awesome.Sweet Spoons is a self-serve frozen yogurt place (they have parfaits and smoothies as well).  Lots of fun for the kids and grown ups too!Typically about 6 flavors 'on tap' and YOU get to top it with as much good stuff as you want. You pay by the ounce ... think it was .49 per ounce?  Comes out to be around $3-$4 depending on how crazy you go with it.They have the standard toppings of various candy, and fruits but also had a ton of different cereals to top your yogurt off as well.Atmosphere is nice. They play some great, current pop/hip hop music (my 4 year old provided entertainment for everyone as she danced around) and a few benches/tables with "sweet spoons" carved as the bench backs.  They also have a lattice wall that you can decorate with a bunch of cards and markers. When done, hang up your masterpiece for all to see.So glad to have this FroYo place around in the Wake Forest area.  You'll find it in the strip mall across from the Marquee Cinema in Wakefield.  We'll be back again and again.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2011,5/9/2011,10,81,,9,4>LUNCH REVIEW.  Until recently, Fai Thai was only open for dinner.  But not anymore.  Some colleagues and I went for lunch today and came away with a good impression.  We all agreed we'd be back.  By my watch, it took about 18 to 20 minutes for the food to be served.  I had the Joak, and aside from the difficult task of cutting up an egg floating elusively inside a bowl of congee (a very soft rice soup), the dish was very pleasant, albeit a tad monochromatic in flavor.  I was never given a spoon, oddly enough, but I cleaned the bowl nonetheless.  My bros had good things to say about their meals as well; one had the Pri King, and the other had the Kanom Jin.One thing I recommend is asking for a plate of Fai Thai's various sauces.  Upon my inelegant request ("Do you have any hot stuff I could dip stuff in?"), our waitress brought out three different options: a hot fish oil sauce, a milder duck-like sauce that had a slow-developing zing to it, and a cilantro chutney sauce.  All three were quite nice, and because they didn't function well with the texture of my meal, I was tempted to order a side of rice upon which to pour them all (but I didn't).  Good flavors.The restaurant hadn't been very crowded when we got there at noon, but by the time we left, the house was packed; so if I were you, I wouldn't wait around until 12:30 p.m. to stroll in with a group of five or six people.  The decor was fine for lunch purposes, business or casual, yet I imagine it comes to life a bit more at night.  For instance, I didn't even notice the upside-down umbrellas covering the ceiling until someone pointed it out to me.   Finally, since the lunch menu does not show up on Fai Thai's website (at least as of the date and time of this review), here is a transcription of it based on a cell-phone photo we took:[1]  TOM KAA GAI ($12.95) - Braised chicken in coconut milk, King mushroom, galanga root, lime leaf.[2]  SOM TUM with Chili Wings ($8.95) - Green papaya salad, roasted peanut, bird chilies, green tomato, lime.[3]  NAMTOOK ($7.95) - "Waterfall Salad," charred sirloin, tot soi, cucumber, mint.[4]  YUM GAI ($8.50) - Seared chicken salad, tomato, cucumber, romaine, egg, bean sprout, peanut-lime dressing.[5]  LARB GAI ($7.45) - Ground chicken-galanga stir fry, toasted rice, Thai chili, fresh mint, romaine hearts.[6]  PAD THAI ($8.45) - House-dried shrimp, fresh rice noodle, local egg, crispy garlic, roasted peanut, tofu, bean sprout.[7]  KOW PAD SAPALOT ($7.45) - Fried new crop jasmine rice, tomato, barbecue chicken, house Chinese sausage, fried pineapple, bird chili.[8]  JOAK ($7.45) - Rice congee, tofu, fried ginger, cilantro, shallot, sunny up local egg.[9]  PRI KING ($8.45) - Chicken meatballs, snake bean, fried ginger, garlic, lime, red curry.[10]  KANOM JIN ($8.45) - Cellophane rice noodle, winter melon, Thai eggplant, green curry, fresh basil, chili, bean sprout, pickled mustard greens.[11]  MASAMAN ($8.45) - Pumpkin, gold potato, shiitake, avocado.[12]  KOON CHIANG ($8.95) - House-made sausage baguette, caramelized onion, peanut, cilantro, cucumber, Thai chili sauce.[13]  MA-KEUA TOD ($8.95) - Fried Asian eggplant baguette, spinach, Siam basil, long bean, spicy green tomato.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,5/8/2011,73,67,3,4,5>Aside from the horrific parking situation currently afflicted upon Five Points, Lilly's remains one of my go-to lunch places in Raleigh. In my mind, the only rival to this place is Pepper's in Chapel Hill. But there is an entirely different crust-motif at work here. While Pepper's is crispy thin crust, Lilly's has a more medium, hand-tossed feel that is in many ways more aesthetically pleasing and certainly more filling. Also, Lilly's attracts the kinds of weirdos with whom I think I would very much like to be friends (of course, so does Pepper's).Lilly's lunch special is a great deal, and I can customize individual slices with the weird ingredients I tend to favor (artichoke, asparagus, and sun-dried tomatoes with chicken). They also have Newcastle on tap, which is an automatic +1 stars and -1 to saving throws against drunkenness in my book.  Eat here. There will be no disappointments (as long as you can find a parking space).
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2010,5/7/2011,80,93,2,6,4>Ok, so I might be being overly generous with the 4 stars, but I was so traumatized by my last dim sum experience at Hong Kong Restaurant that I am ecstatic to find decent tasting dim sum.  Granted not the best dim sum you'll find in the country, but pretty darn good for North Carolina, in my opinion.  They had a lot of the classics like the shumai (steamed pork dumplings), steamed shrimp dumplings, sticky rice in lotus leaves, taro balls, and tripe!  They even have chrysanthemum tea, my favorite tea with dim sum!  I guess we were lucky in that we went on a Saturday around 1 or 2 for lunch so it wasn't crazy crowded or the main lunch crowd was leaving.  Yeah, there are definitely not enough carts going around so you tend to have to wait for your food, I guess the other option is to order the items you want off the menu.  I guess if you look on the bright side of having too few carts it means you have more time to digest and don't overstuff yourself in the first 10 minutes which backfires on you when half an hour later you see something you really want, but know that if you eat it you're going to cause yourself pain.  The other glitch was their credit card machine broke down and we started to stress about trying to find an atm, luckily it got fixed.  I'm curious about their regular Chinese food dinner menu so I'll probably be back to check that out or when I get a dim sum craving again!
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2011,5/6/2011,89,190,,13,7>Market Restaurant is trying something completely different for the South - living within your means. Sadly, we are (in the sprawling cities) to be suburban minded, drive every where, non-recyclers, and greasy eaters. Now that is not completely true every where. And if you look hard enough under this facade, you will see it to be false. Yet to the outsider moving to the South, it is how we are. Market Restaurant lifts this veil and showcases the delightful and creative dishes that can be found in our southern backyards. After starting with some french press coffee (at 1pm) and moving straight to the Vegan Shepard's Pie (with a small salad), I must say I was completely impressed. It was like nothing I had before in a Raleigh establishment. And that was EXACTLY what I was looking for. The salad was fresh and tangy. The pie was spicy and full of veggies, with a soft yet flaky crust. And the atmosphere was perfect downtown local Raleigh. The service was great. Our waiter always made sure we had a full cup and brought our checks promptly for a party of 4, spilt four ways. I see tons of 1 star ratings in 2011. I think it is because people are ordering the wrong seasonal foods. Potatoes are not in season for NC. But sweet potatoes are (Shepard's Pie). I would encourage all those detractors to give it another go. It is worth too much to Raleigh to give up that easily on.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2010,5/5/2011,81,795,1,15,5>This is a really beautiful little park with some historic significance.  There are four or five trails, none of which is over two miles (return), but all taking you on some scenic views of the surrounding trees or pond or the wetlands.The obvious draw of the park is the mill itself; a restored 18th century grist mill and its iconic waterwheel.  The mill is on the national register of historic places and the exhibit in the Finley Center has an extensive chronicle of the mill's history.  There's also an interactive exhibit showing how a mill grinds the corn and wheat into flour that is very eye-opening for those of us used to buying our pre-ground bags of flour at the grocery store without a thought as to what our ancestors used to do for a loaf of bread.  There are tours of the actual mill itself and every month, corn-grinding demonstrations.  The day I was there, several young kids were enjoying the exhibits and the parents all had cameras clicking as they took pictures of their offspring climbing on the rocks and posing near the mill.  Those that weren't touring the mill were fishing off the walkway outside the Center or walking along the trails.Although the mill a big draw, the walking trails are really what might keep you returning.  The park itself is a wildlife refuge with the pond, creek, wetlands, and trees.  There are markers along the self-guided trails identifying the wildlife or vegetation you'll see in that area at various times of the year.  The "tree trail" identifies at least 20 types of trees all in one area. Even with this trail and the map with outlines of the leaves for each, I still can't tell what type of tree I'm looking at, yet.This park was really a surprise for me, with far more to it than I had anticipated.  Yates Mill Park has one thing that may be a negative for some:  Because it's a wildlife refuge, no pets are allowed; so your four-legged friend will have to stay at home
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,5/4/2011,611,755,5,20,12>Fly fly, PieBird!  It's been months since I first did a drive-by on PieBird's space last year.  And like a baby robin being pushed out of the nest, today was PieBird's grand opening to the public!   And I mean their very first day, probably their first hour so they're still working out the kinks in the operation...   Inside PieBird's small storefront is a longish space done up in retro mod decor, think Crate & Barrel.  Concrete floors, some exposed brick, sky blue paint, and aluminum bar seats evoke a modern but classic feel.  The menu is small with hand pies, entree pies, a soup and a couple of veggies.  A chalkboard menu carries all the specials of the day, today was mexican slaw, roasted butternut squash and mushroom soup.  I went with THE classic chicken potpie and some soup, yum!  The mushroom soup was excellent, full of mushroom pieces and the broth was bursting with mushie flavor and a hint of cream.  I don't even like mushrooms and I finished it up, so it's gotta be pretty good!  The chicken potpie was a smallish casserole dish covered in a pale crust.  Now if you've ever had the potpie at Hayes Barton Cafe, don't expect a two pound monstrosity like you'd get there.  PieBird's version is a satisfying size with plenty of tender chicken, carrots, peas, and pearl onions.  What's really good is the flaky and buttery brisee crust, some of the best I've had in a while.  It reminds me a bit of phyllo but more tender.  My cherry pie to go didn't last very long, I pretty much inhaled it after I got back home and it was really good, full of plump fruit...    Overall all the food I had at PieBird was served in good proportions, fresh and very subtly flavored.  I never use table salt and am really sensitive to its heavy-handed use and PieBird keeps things simple.  Others may have to add a shake or two.  Given its PieBird's first day I won't comment on service but I have faith they'll get things running well, there was plenty of staff on hand.   So glad to see PieBird finally take flight and curious to see how this little bird grows over time...
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2010,5/3/2011,114,375,19,4,4>Lengua, chorizo, and asada tacos are all first-rate, and the barbacoa is through the roof.And they are $1.50 each. I love a dive, but I will say this place is extra sketchy - bars on the windows, no joke. Telemundo loud as hell. We brought a colleague here way back when, and she wasn't really up to speed on the experience. Here's how her exchange went:Her: How big are they?Paraiso guy: YesHer: Like, how big are the tacos?Paraiso guy: Yes
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,7/5/2010,62,275,6,14,11>Awesome. I had tried old-school Bikram yoga many years ago, and liked it, but the whole 90 minute thing was an obstacle and some of the poses seemed ineffective and superfluous. I have tried most of the classes at Arrichion and they all rock.60 minutes, great workout, great environment. You will SWEAT, my friend. The Krystallos is a great core class, the Tiger Eye is a great hybrid workout/yoga class and the Bloodstone adds music and has a pretty intense salutation series, the Diamond is done by candlelight with music and is a great way to wrap up the week- Black Opal is my personal fave.. Each hour  long class goes by in a flash. I shall sweat my many caloric sins over the holidays out right here. Bring water, a towel, and a yoga mat.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2010,7/4/2010,66,252,7,6,4>Dear Sugarland,You are the things dreams are made of.  You're sweet, you're cute, you're friendly, and you make me happy.  Everyone told me you were wonderful, but I just had to come and see for myself.  We drove down Franklin Street looking for parking, and I saw you there - with your adorable little curtains and giant vanilla ice cream cones in the window.  You were all I dreamed you'd be.  We circled the block and found a place to park.  We went inside and took a few minutes to peruse the menu, pastry, and gelato cases, and decide just what exactly we'd let you treat us to.  We chose our coffees, some beignets, and a cupcake.  Your staff was friendly, charming, and helpful.  We felt welcome and valued.  Our desserts were craftfully presented, and our tummies were as happy as our eyes.  You did not disappoint.  Thanks for making my Valentine's Day sugar allowance live up to my expectations.Much love,Adri T.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2010,7/3/2010,295,331,9,10,7>Starving at 3 p.m., I headed from my office in Brightleaf toward Five Points and, on Main St.---finally open!---saw this delightfully curious shop window.  Lovely dresses in the window.  Adorable logo.  Magpie, it said.  Beneath it: NOW OPEN in bright, bold letters.  'What the what??' I thought, Liz Lemon spit take style, but begrudgingly resisted its gravitational pull, my rumbling tummy urging me onward to Toast.  Once there, I inhaled my portobello panini and quickly marched back down Main St., back to Magpie.They've been open since December 2009 but, since that portion of Main St. has been closed for what feels like a freakin' decade, I had no idea---nor did Yelp, apparently---that this place existed.  Inside, it's tidy, inviting, and chalk full of beautiful clothes and perfect gifts and various and sundry objets d'art.As aforementioned, there are the beautiful dresses---light, flowing, sleeveless, strapless: so perfect for summer!---t-shirts, high-end denim, shoes, jewelry, some perfumes and lotions and things, a smattering of home goods, and a ton of really cool scarves.  I noticed BCBG, Alternative Apparel (my second favorite tees next to American Apparel), and Akiko clothing, shoes from Cavage and Re-Mix, Earnest Sewn jeans, and Beautea skincare products.I asked if they had pillboxes or business card holders (really specific requests because I'm a weirdo), neither of which they did, but the shopkeeper referred me to Cozy on Ninth---which I also need to visit---which I found incredibly helpful.  I told her I'd be back after I told everyone on Yelp about this place, and I will.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because, as much as I love the clothing and shoes here, I can't wear any of it.  And that's not even Magpie's fault: it's the K. Family Curse: size eleven feet and size fourteen hips, not to mention the fact that I'm a few inches taller than the average man.  Le sigh.  But, dear scarves, I'll be back for you; I promise I will.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2010,7/2/2010,65,186,6,6,5>Being from the Piedmont area in NC, you gotta love barbecue. Barbecue is terribly political. Half the state to the West, likes pork barbecue shoulders chopped or sliced with a tomato vinegar sauce (my fave). The Eastern half likes several different cuts of pork chopped or sliced with a white vinegar sauce. After living in the Triangle for 10+ years, I've come to realize that Western NC barbecue is not an option. I substitute with Smithfield's. Here are some reasons to go:1. Value for money. A person can get a huge plate of food (though notably unhealthy) for less than $8, including a drink. They have several combo specials.2. They have great sweet tea.3. They have awesome fried chicken.4. They have really good side items.5. Mmm. Hush puppies. Mmm. Hush puppies.6. Super skinny french fries- perfect for ketchup & Texas Pete absorption. 7. They have solid barbecue. I've had both the platter and the sandwich and liked both.8. They're fast. I've been in for both lunch and dinner and was served very quickly.9. They have a drive-thru.10. People from Canada like Smithfield's- only joking! a friend of mine from Toronto totally flipped out to try some, "real down-home Southern food."Tip- skip the banana pudding. It is completely lame.Enjoy and do not be afraid of the cheesy Southern/nostalgic "country" decor.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2010,7/1/2010,264,1065,5,8,6>Om nom nom nom!!!Let's talk about Kildare's for a second.  At its outside, it looks like the standard Irish bar.  I've seen these in Boston: places where the Irishness ends with the name and the occasional St. Patrick's Day celebration where beer is green and some random guy named Sully will end up passed out somewhere in Southie.Kildare's is not that restaurant.   Their Irishness is authentic: everything that they have in the restaurant has been shipped in from the Emerald Isle, from the bars to the books.    The bar itself has been broken up into 5 sections based on the different types of Irish bars: I only really saw one of these, but there were some very cool chairs in this section.It's also big.  Considering the lines I've seen late at night (I haven't had a chance to come by then) I would assume that it opens up a bit.  I'm hoping to come by for the late night soon.So ambiance is awesome.  Service is also excellent.  I have gone twice already: I can't remember the first guy's name (I went on a Monday for lunch) but the second waiter, David, was excellent.  I'll get into one of his particularly excellent suggestions momentarily, but he was always attentive and helpful.Now, food:  There are two things that stand out in my mind, so I'll focus first on the other good aspects:  The seafood is very good: both the crab cakes and the salmon is excellent.  But there are two things that particularly stood out for me:1. Buffalo Shrimp.  They're not fried.  I'm not even sure what it was, but it seemed more glazed.  But those, oh those were incredible.  It was just absolutely perfect, and not overwhelmingly weighty either.2. The Guinness float (or in my case, the Young's Chocolate Stout Float):  So David suggested that instead of the Guinness, I try the Young's Chocolate Stout with the ice cream and blackberry bitters.  It worked perfectly.   The chocolate stout combined perfectly with the blackberry bitters and the vanilla ice cream, combining to create an awesome floating wonder.Finally, the beer selection:  it's good.  From micros and pricier stuff (Rogue Dead Guy, some Harpoons) to the cheapies (Miller Lite), they've got it.  It's a great selection.Overall, it's the perfect addition to the Chapel Hill day and nightlife.  It has excellent food for decent prices (though it can be a little pricey for the more graduate student types (but $5.99 lunches are a nice touch)).
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2010,6/30/2010,73,112,4,7,7>Everyone and everything deserves a second chance. I had been here before to pick up some pad thai and chicken curry to-go when the place first opened . Maybe it was because the place was new, or maybe the food had lost it's mojo by the time it got home, but I wasn't impressed. However, this time around it was definitely good stuff. I had a house salad and the Red Curry with shrimp. I'm predisposed to loving Thai curry dishes, so of course, I liked it. For me, what set it apart was the thickness of the curry. Some can be too watered down, but this had a nice thickness. Perhaps the waitress thought I was cute, because the rice came out in the shape of a heart. (Do they do this for everyone?). The house salad was OK at best, but really, who goes to a Thai restaurant for the house salad? So, the decor is nice, staff is friendly, and there is a good sized bar area if you need to get warmed up before dinner. It's worth going if you are in the area.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2010,6/29/2010,567,250,17,20,20>This place has a very cozy setup to bring your laptop and mooch off their free Wi-fi while nibbling on the pastries they offer. You can really lose yourself in their comfy chairs while listening to their eclectic blend of music. What more can you ask of a coffee house? Oh yeah, the coffee.I tried their vanilla cafe latte and enjoyed it. I liked the fact that the barista came out from behind the coffee bar to personally hand me my latte. *I feel special* Overall:  Great place to bring a group of friends to discuss whatever topic you fancy. Good coffee, good people, good wi-fi.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2010,6/28/2010,2,124,3,3,4>We were very impressed, maybe because our expectations were low, falsely thinking that it wouldn't be any more than cafeteria food. We love museums and museum cafes. We have been to the Getty, the MET, DC Museums, etc and this now ranks up there with the others as far as atmosphere, quality of food, and overall enjoyment. We hadn't been to the new museum yet and were pleasantly surprised by the architecture and space. It made for a really nice day to stroll through the museum and sculpture gardens and then have a nice meal in a sophisticated environment. Make a reservation if you can or just plan on waiting (with a pager while you stroll around). The restaurant space is a little crowded and noisy - we were there on a Sunday. Not great for small children. The high chairs are big and comfy.  My 9 month old fell asleep in it.  But the regular seats swivel which was way too much fun and too tempting for my 3 year old. Next time we go, it will be sans kids.  I'm sure everyone else will appreciate that too.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2009,6/27/2010,110,194,5,5,3>I always love coming to local yogurt. It always takes me foreve to decide on yogurt and toppings because they have over 40 toppings! Always have chocolate and vailla yogurt and change out the other two. Pumpkin with Dolly's chocolate, golden grahama, and caramel.They have a handy board with all of the employees' favorites of the day (or week, I'm not that sure. I don't come here *that* often!) so that's always a helpful tip. Normally I have some sort of flavor on my brain and Local Yogurt is there to help me out!Do remember to bring cash! There's a minimum for a card payment, and a single person's (girl-sized) isn't enough to make it to the minimum.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2010,6/26/2010,81,795,,8,5>What a great facility. Sure it's not all pretty and shiny but the care shown by the docs and students is first rate and the place is clean. My elderly cat needed emergency surgery and being a nervous pet owner at the thought of putting him under anesthesia, I was reassured by the doc and vets-to-be all would be well. It was. Through three days of nail-biting, imagining-the-worst anxiousness, I was shown nothing but support and concern by everyone. The friendliness and caring of all the people I dealt with made the entire experience bearable. If you hesitate to go here because it's a teaching hospital, all I can say is : reconsider. The students work under the supervision and tutelage of a certified vet, so if you're going to stay away don't stay away only because of that.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2010,10/28/2010,179,270,3,9,9>First off... I don't understand how one location can have 4 1/2 stars and another can have 3. This one often has a 101 sanitary rating (you get an extra point because the owner has his sanitary inspection training). This place is awesome. From their milkshakes to their burgers to their chicken sandwiches, it's all fantastic. Seriously people, for $4.25 for a drink, 2 sides and a sandwich, what in the heck are you expecting... 5 star cuisine? Get real!I always find their staff to be extremely friend and FAST! That has to be a stressful job and they always seem to get it right and be cheeful. Good for them! As for Aladdin's comments, it's America buddy... if you don't like it leave. It's called FREEDOM OF SPEECH! Personally, I think it's very cool that these business owners believe strongly enough in their faith that they are willing to print it on their cups... knowing it may turn some people off and that they may lose business from it. When I walk a Nail salon across the street and see a Buddha I don't get upset. No one forces you to give your business to any particular establishment!Btw - this is what the verse says for those of you who are curious! Talk about irony!Proverbs 1:7 The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge,        but fools despise wisdom and discipline.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2010,10/27/2010,38,237,5,9,5>As a child, my biggest reward was going to Chuck E. Cheese. And this place blows Chuck E. Cheese out of the water!First, the mini-golf. I haven't played mini-golf since I was probably about 12? I think overall the sport is not as fun as I remember it. Frankie's has 3 courses. The holes aren't too exciting, I agree that they didn't have very many creative obstacles. But it was still entertaining. The area is really well landscaped and pretty. $7 is a little expensive... considering you aren't going to come play mini-golf alone (that would be pretty creepster), so $14 is a little steep. Now, the arcade! I have to say, I don't think it's very expensive. I took my nephew there and we were totally satisfied with $20 - as in we got to play everything we wanted to. I was really impressed with the scope of games they had... I mean, they have ever type of arcade game I could ever think of. I have to confess something... I am a bit of a Skee-Ball addict. Skee-Ball is my heroin. The Skee-Ball machines here are not good. They are pink and blue and have synthetic non-wooden balls. No good. But, it was my fix for now...Also, there is laser tag... did not play, but there is an entertaining laser tag viewing area.And avoided the restaurant. Doesn't make sense!Man, if this place was open later and sold beer, I would be there with bells on!
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2010,10/26/2010,152,261,5,8,7>OMG.Are you looking for authentic Szechuan food and never thought in a million years that you'd find it here in NC? Well you are wrong, very wrong because the food at 35 Restaurant is probably better than some dishes you'd find in Sichaun Province. No joke.I went with my Chinese friend who's from a town near Shanghai and a few other friends. My friend ordered for all of us since she knew the waitstaff and the dishes they served. We went months ago, and I can't remember all the dishes we ordered but our order definitely included beef tendons, a chicken & pepper dish, another beef dish, fish, and a huge bowl of white rice. Everything was sufficiently spicy (!!) and every bite was a pleasure, a moment to savor even when my tongue became numb from the spice. I kinda want to relive it . . . right now.The bathroom is a bit tricky to find as the restaurant shares it with the office bldg in which it is located but once you know how to get to it, you'll never forget. There are also plenty of aquariums here with live fish and mellowed out turtles.Verdict: Spicy and scrumptious food, pleasant waitstaff, and chill aquatic wildlife? Yes please!
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2010,10/25/2010,175,190,6,26,4>Brit and I came here for their Prix Fixe menu for Raleigh Restaurant Week.  Parking is behind the restaurant so you don't have to fight for parking on Glenwood which was nice.  The restaurant is in a small single story house with lots of windows facing Glenwood.  The tables are small and lend some form of romance to the dining experience.  We were promptly seated and the owner came up and asked us about our water choice-"Flat or Sparkling".  Brit opted for sparkling and I too asked for the bubbly H20.  (Make a note of this)He asked if we wanted any wine or sangria and we told him wine.  He asked if we needed help to choose and I told him sure.  To which he promptly responded over 50 or under 50.  I answered under 50, and he said I have just the bottle for you (Make a note of this)He ran through the specials and we noted the ceviche and the croqueta de baccalà both sounded great.  For the first time ever we decided to order things from the actual prix fixe menu.  Brit selected the Piquilo pepper stuffed with pisto and goat cheese, and I chose the soup of the day.  For mains Brit ordered the Torta de Hueva and I had the Grouper Alcaparra Negra.  For desserts we both chose a different option as well with her selecting the sorbet mix and I went with the flan.  In addition to the items off of the prix fixe menu we also ordered the croquetas, and he asked if we wanted to try some of his fresh baked bread.  We said sure and he selected a Yuca cheese bread for us.  (Make a note of this as well)Ok let's talk about food.  The croquetas and the yuca bread came out first.  I love baccalà (salted cod) but I have to say that this croqueta fell short to me.  The texture of the crust was great, the interior was smooth and creamy...however, it tasted like a fillet o' fish from that "Mc" place.  The yuca bread was definitely different but was flavorful and fair warning served INSANELY hot.  The starters came out next.  Brit devoured her stuffed pepper and the portion I had was quite delicious.  The soup of the day was actually two soups ladeled into the same bowl so half the bowl was a carrot gazpacho and the other half was a cream piquillo pepper soup.  They were both spicy and the temperature difference really worked in this presentation.  Brit's entree was divine.  The base layer was a piquillo slaw which had a large "meaty" portabello cap on top.  Above that was a cornmeal pocket which was stuffed with eggs.  Resting on top of the pile were two unctuous slices of goat cheese.  I couldn't stop taking bites of her meal.  My grouper was cooked and seasoned perfectly.  The saffron rice was a bit under-flavored.  The spinach salad which also accompanied this meal had apples, pears and raisins and was tasty.  Dessert came through and the sorbet was clean and crisp and placed in the glass in such a fashion that you built flavor upon flavor.  Don't ask me what the types of sorbets there were but suffice it to say, if you go eat them in order.  I had the fig flan which was light, airy, caramel/y and quite flavorful.  To round out dinner he inquired about coffee and I ordered an Americano Negro and Brit had an espresso con leche.  The coffee which is roasted in house was delectable.  So why the 4 stars you ask...the bill showed up.  Not that I'm one to balk at being up-charged, but HOLY MOTHER OF SOMETHING BATMAN!  Remember I said to note certain aspects of our meal.  Let's put this into perspective.  Sparkling Water 2.75 per 8oz bottle.  The "under 50" bottle of wine was 49.00.  The 4 pieces of yuca cheese bread "to try" 7.95, the 2 4 inch by 1 inch croquetas reminiscent of "Mc'd's"  10.95.  Throw in the meals and the coffees and tack on tip (since service was nearly perfect) and you've got yourself a meal hovering 200.00.  So to summarize this experience, don't take the "up-sells" unless you're fully prepared for them.  I fully blame us for not asking or inquiring about certain aspects and instead going along for the ride.  So we paid for this learning experience.  Hopefully I've given you ample information to not allow this to happen to you, and instead give you the opportunity to enjoy the meal, the food and the service.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2010,10/24/2010,108,135,4,9,7>This tasty Thai spot is a little hard to find even with it's bright blue sign. I've actually looked for it and given up more than once...It's tucked back behind a strip mall ALDI and worth the search. The interior was warm and woody and filled with a good mix of patrons (groups, couples, old, young). We were directed to a booth and got some fried spring rolls, a Thai Tea and Tsingha to start. Everything was yummy but the Thai Tea needed more tea and less cream for my taste.For our entrees, the boyfriend got Pad Kee Mao (three chili spicy) and I got the Pad Thai (two chili spicy). I think they mixed up our spice levels. My lips were burning and he didn't even break a sweat. Still it was delicious and we had plenty of leftovers.The staff were really nice too. At one point when we were sat there with our leftovers, the older woman (owner?) came by and smacked my boyfriend's hand just like a good grandma should and said 'EAT!'. We just cracked up laughing!
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2010,10/22/2010,80,93,2,5,3>A great new addition to Durham, this place just opened up last week.  Looks like the same owners of Q shack "expanded" and diversified with the Fish Shack, but I like this place so much better.  I've never really fallen in love with Q shack despite going there several times and trying different things.  The Fish Shack on the other hand is somewhere I'd take people visiting from out of state to try their shrimp po boy.  At first glance I was a little disappointed by the size of the shrimp, they were teeny!  However, to make up for the size, Fish Shack compensates with quantity and quality.  The shrimp is not overwhelmed with deep fried batter and is nicely complemented with the slaw.  The only downside is the slaw can turn the bread a little soggy, so unfortunately not a good idea for leftovers.  I also still like the shrimp po boy at Watts better, but if you're looking for something more casual and speedy, Fish Shack is your bet.  They're still going through some growing pains, but the giant colorful fish on the walls amused me.  Another plus, hush puppies and corn on the cob as your sides = yum!
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2010,10/21/2010,42,35,2,6,3>I can't get enough of this place.  Set in the corner of a strip mall it can be easy to miss, but for those that find it, it's like finding the pearl in an oyster.I've been to Papa Mojo's several times over the last couple of years.  Post work beers (Great selection of Abita on draft and bottles), lunch, dinner, brunch and live music...I've done it all.The food never disappoints and if you can, definitely come for the all you can eat catfish on Wednesday nights, it's by far the best I've ever eaten. You bite through a perfectly crisp crust into a perfectly moist and flavorful fish. I'm also a big fan of the mix grill,(6oz hanger steak, 3 jumbo shrimp, 3 andouille slices, jezebel & Papa's BBQ sauce), shrimp & andouille bites and of course the jambalaya.  I also love their house salad served with spiced roasted pecans and the bbq bleu cheese dressing and the green beans.I had yet to check out the Bayou Brunch (Sundays 11am-3pm) until a great group of us Yelpers went this past Sunday. We were seated promptly and brought waters immediately without asking.  Our waiter Ben was quiet, polite, knowledgeable and left us not needing to ask for anything. Perfect! Everyone's plate of food arrived at the same time so no one sat waiting.  The food was both attractive and delicious.  I ordered the Carpetbagger Steak  (same as Phil. G) - certified angus beef grilled or blackened - topped with fried oysters & mornaise w/ a side of andouille.  I too thought it would have been nice to have a side of fruit or potatoes to round out all the meat, but who can pass on a link of sausage...I can't!Around me, the other Yelpers were devouring Pain Perdue (french toast-I had a bit and it was ooooohhhh so good), omelets (fluffy, filled beauties), shrimp and grits (Dan must have enjoyed them because there was nothing left on his plate =)), pancakes (past the test per other review) and bananas foster (really did look divine).Food is amazing!Live music here is one of the best in the Triangle and the website does a great job updating the calendar.  For sure you need to check out the open mic night on Wednesdays.  Unbelievable how much talent we have amongst our locals.  It packs the place weekly.  DO come on a night when the owner's band Mel Melton and the Wicked Mojo's plays.  You are in for a night of lively Cajun Zydeco music including the washer board, and harmonica.  Guests dance the night away in the small clearing in front of the band.  Many a night I have broken a sweat while kicking up my heals. What fun!!Ok, I'm finished here, I could go on and on and on, but I think my point has been made.  Get your butt to Papa Mojo's Roadhouse and find out for yourself what all the hype is about. Y'all come on in!!
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2010,10/20/2010,117,315,5,8,7>In grammar school, all the mothers brought homemade, brightly colored, celebratory birthday cupcakes for their kid and the rest of the class. I however, was born in June and always felt deprived of this time-honored birthday tradition because school was always out for summer, alas never any ritual cupcake birthday celebrations for me. Fast forward to erm 2008, what the heck, 2010 - cupcakes are all the rage, designer even. Forget the $1.29 Betty Crocker box variety, elaborate, sophisticated cupcakes and their respective chic bakeries, ahem, cupcakeries, have popped up all over garnering chain status and a cult like following; Hello Sprinkles of LA (18 locations later)! I happened to have been hungry and in the neighborhood, "ah a cupcake; the perfect noncommittal nosh for me." I didn't know The Cupcake Shoppe was nationally renowned, but apparently Rachel Ray is a fan, or maybe just her magazine, but I digress...I ordered the What's Up Doc (Carrot Cake with Cinnamon Cream Cheese Icing) - oh wascally wabbits, the icing is wickedly scrumptious! It was rich and creamy and actually tasted like carrot cake. The actual cupcake itself was a little dry and a little bland, but the wonderful icing more than made up for the cake. Wonderful indeed, because I usually find most bakery icing offensively sweet and pasty - not the case here fortunately.  I like these little tasty cakes from the Cupcake Shoppe - $3 is a bit steep to do often as quickly as I scarfed it down. But a nice treat nonetheless, even if it's not my birthday.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2010,10/19/2010,12,71,,7,3>This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the triangle. I do like Indian food, and I've been a number of places, so I can offer comparisons. Since it is near my office I've been there only for lunch, but the lunch buffet is great! A good selection of variety, absolutely everything is yummy, and I'm typically rolling out of there with a puppy tummy. The staff is nice and courteous, but not always the quickest - minor nit, but the food is great. Complex flavors, a range of spicyness, hot food, and all at a good price.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,10/18/2010,59,237,5,9,7>I hate to say it, but I have a man-crush on Fullsteam.  In my book, they seem to be doing everything right.  From using innovative/strange locally sourced ingredients such as grits, sweet potatoes, and basil in their brews to 'getting' what it means to be a local business in the internet age.  The owners are active in the community (go-go Durham) and in social networking circles which has created quite a strong following.  The beer being awesome doesn't hurt things either.The brewery/bar is in a warehouse 'off the beaten path' in Durham near the the old athletic park.  The renovation inside is really something to see.  The brewing portion is super modern with floor to ceiling glass windows allowing you to see all the tanks and equipment from the common area.  There is a large room to hangout in with picnic tables and a stage for bands in addition to the bar area where you can get your cold ones.  Pints are $4 and half pints are $2.  The only drawback is the lack of AC, but when I was there during a hot afternoon opening weekend, the fans made it very comfortable.  I see this as a wonderful place to come have a casual drink and enjoy good company.After talking with the brewers on several occasions, I am really excited to see what is next on the horizon.  Expect many off the wall ingredients and tasty concoctions.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,3/3/2012,64,208,,4,3>Just about the most hip coffeeshop in Raleigh!  Retro furniture, handpainted murals, Frank Zappa posters on the walls, a giant coffee bean roaster right inside the door and an Elvis bust on the counter.  Yeah, super cool.Enough about the arsty ambiance, the coffee is great!  "For Here" coffees are served in wide, heavy coffee cups, the kind that make you want to stay for a few hours.  Try an iced mocha in the summertime... to die for!  On Saturday mornings, you can smell the fresh roasting beans all the way down the block.Surrounded by artists, musicians, students & other intellectually advanced patrons, you'll feel gifted the minute you walk through the door!  (or at least after you finish your first few shots.)Bring your laptop... free wifi. A few tables out front accomodate smoking & guitar playing. Parking in the back. Bagels & pastries available.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,3/2/2012,74,57,2,7,4>Once again, Durham trumps my hometown of Raleigh with this cozy little wine and hors d'oeuvre nook near Duke. Six Plates offers some great wines by the glass and features daily specials--on Mondays there's a red and a white available for $12 a bottle. We opted for the Chilean Sauvignon Blanc and it was perfect with our flatbread topped with grilled fresh peaches, habaneros, and basil syrup. Tuesdays deliver 4 for $4--four wines offered at $4 a glass. There's even $1.50 PBR on Thursdays if that's more your style.We stopped in for cocktail hour before dinner, so I can't comment on the other small plates. The folks around us looked pleased, though (there was a mountainous plate of truffle fries), and it was such a comfy spot. Reminded me of the awesome April & George that couldn't make it in Raleigh. Six Plates is definitely going on my list of Durham haunts.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2011,3/1/2012,262,1054,,6,5>Finally an affordable farmers market, not some high end novelty social gathering spot, but a real place to get groceries. I can appreciate the real farmer's market prices. There is plenty to chose from and plenty of stands to make your selection. I wish I lived closer to here to get to it more often. The produce is much better that some of the quality that I have found in the grocery store. That being said, bring your cash, since most places don't take credit card and it is wise to shop with a friend, so that you can split the bulk prices. I've heard rumors that all the produce might not be locally grown, so I guess you really have to scout out which stands carry things from a legitimate local farm.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2011,2/29/2012,141,548,,6,4>This place is great.  Not only do they allow laptop loitering, they actually encourage it with plenty of comfortable seating, outlets (and extension cords) everywhere, and fast free wifi.  The coffee is excellent, and as they're on the far west end of the Hillsborough strip, parking is no issue.They seem to have a fair number of community events here (open mics, readings, etc), though I've yet to attend one.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,2/28/2012,34,218,3,5,3>Dear Taipei 101, Perhaps you would like to open a second restaurant in Durham so I don't have to drive all the way to Cary for your yummy food?Thanks,MeSure, they serve some Americanized dishes with the expected eggroll and toned down flavors, but that just means you're ordering all wrong. And not all of the dishes are exclusively Taiwanese, but more of a mix of some of the classic dishes found all over Taiwan or just general Chinese staple dishes. But that doesn't mean the food isn't nom-nom-nom worthy, plus, the price is right!Order something like the shredded pork and "smoked" tofu for a simple, yet delicious dish. Andrew greedily devoured half of his plate in just a few minutes, and then emitted sighs about how good it was and how much he misses the food in Taiwan.The kung-pao chicken was prepared in the more yummy, Chinese style: No filler celery or squash or bland corn starchy sauce. Just chicken, peanuts, a whole bunch of chilis and hua-jiao to make your mouth get a little tingly, then numb. Sweet, sweet numbness.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,2/27/2012,89,410,,5,2>I nornally wouldn't even consider eating at a Hotel restuarant with so many great choices just down the street. But if you are in the area or staying at this great hotel you realy should dine here! We were promptly greeted with a happy birthday to my husband when I checked in. We were the only ones in the dining room on a Tuesday night. Our waitress Lina was top notch in every way. She made reccommendations and she explained each dish as she placed them in front of us. Each plate we received was pleasing to the palette and artfully presented. I also presented a coupon I printed off of their website and there was no issue in redeeming the coupon. The chef was kind enough to comp hubby's dessert for his birthday. The entire experience was warm and welcoming and I wouldn't hesitate to return here again.We were each given a complimentary tiny duck breast appetizer that had a candied ginger seasoning and what I believe was a cranberry sauce.The bread while good wasn't outstanding. The butter had crumbled on top that I am not sure what they were, but gave the butter more flavor.Lina highly recommended the Low Country She Crab SoupFeaturing Jumbo Lump Crabmeat & Aged Amontillado Sherry. Both of us decided to try it and loved it.Hubby opted for the Black Angus Filet With Three Potato Pan Roasted Hash, Braised Greens, Childress Vineyards Demi Glacé & Blue Cheese Crumbles. Not only was it cooked perfectly but hubby of course said it was seasoned to perfection. I had a bite and I agree wholeheartedly. I opted for the Seared Diver Scallops Pea Puree, Jackson Farms Sweet Potato Custard & a Carolina Corn & Bacon Emulsion with Wild Mushroom Risotto. The scallops were large and cooked perfectly. The sweet potato with the bacon was outstanding as was the mushroom risotto.Dessert consisted of Chef's Hot Cheesecake which is prepared when you order it. It tasted more like a cheese souffle it melted in your mouth.I had the Campfire S'Mores Homemade Marshmallow & Graham Crackers with Chocolate Ganache & Graham Cracker Flan. Flavors from the entire meal were spot on!Coffee is prepared fresh! We both had a wonderful evening and this place stays on the list of returning favorites that I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to others and we will return to again.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,2/26/2012,69,760,2,7,4>This place was OMG awesome!  The Le Plateau seafood platter appetizer was more than amazing, in fact, that's the most seared in my brain memory I'm going to take from this place.  Did you see the size of that platter?We had a party of several with reservations for a (cough) "work" (cough) dinner.  I will rave about the wine and that seafood appetizer platter forever and ever.  Oh, and the seared scallop dinner wasn't bad either.Our server was consistent, assertive and always making sure our glasses were full.  Nothing went unnoticed.There's not a lot left to say that hasn't already been said by other reviewers.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2011,2/25/2012,67,201,,6,5>Great experience - and that counts for a lot seeing as today is their first day in business!If you've been to Tyler's in Apex, Durham, or Carrboro, then you'll know what to expect in the Raleigh location.A few things to mix it up:They have tap tables - you reserve 2 types of beer, and you get your own private taps. You buy 2 rounds at a time, then get to pour your own beer. I'm going to look into doing this for Christmas Eve with my brother and sister - should be a blast!The beer selection is what you would expect, and they have a NC local page if you want to support local breweries.Pickle-chips - awesomeThe margarita pizza - super cheezy and excellent doughThe food service was accurate and prompt.I'd have the first check-in here but Tyler's was so new it wasn't on Yelp yet!
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/25/2012,2/24/2012,168,723,,6,4>I read about the many Raleigh restaurants that were participating in Triangle Restaurant Week, and after looking at many menus I decided to head across town to Cameron Village and the Cameron Bar & Grill for the $15 lunch special.I was impressed that the hostess immediately mentioned that they were participating in the TRW and had that menu on top of their regular menu at my table.  My choices included the fried pickles, the bison sliders, and the banana pudding.Fried Pickles were delicious, and the portion could have satisfied 2 or three persons,  The dipping sauce had just the right amount of heat.  Bison sliders were served with the onions, tomato, and lettuce on the side as I like with cheese, mushrooms and sauteed onions with mayo,  This was my first taste of bison.  Really liked the use of a leaner, less fat meat with a taste that is different than your typical hamburger.  Then there was the banana pudding YUM!!!  Great plating and delicious!  (Good thing my Dad who makes an awesome banana pudding doesn't read Yelp, because this one rivaled his!)The walls have large b&w images from the early days of Cameron Village.  I enjoyed this because as a Raleigh native (and an old guy) I remember when Cameron Village looked that way.  I liked the separate seating areas, the horseshoe shaped seating areas, the dark woods, and the angled mirrors.  The only thing I found very distracting from the overall look was the flooring, which I am assuming is a relic from the days when this was a retail store,  The floor had many marks and bare spots which was very unattractive.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,2/23/2012,59,219,10,10,9>Kitchenworks (KW) is like the Genie in Disney's Aladdin....PHENOMENAL COSMIC POWERS!.....Itty-bitty living space.And that's KW in a nut shell...errr...lamp...at least in the kitchen gadgetry, cookware, knives and whatnot realm. For all their services, wares and goods, I've found them humble and gracious....and super trustworthy and helpful for all my culinary needs....infinitely better stocked and staffed with more knowledgeable people than some of the other larger stores in the vicinity.Surprisingly, they're also competitively priced for a brick and mortar store on many of the items they carry - enough that my cheap-dar doesn't go all nuts worrying whether or not I really did get the best price possible. Case in point, wooden under the cabinet wine glass racks are exactly the same price as elsewhere online (same brand, size, etc). On sale, Wusthoff classic knives are priced pretty darn competitively too - having just purchased an 8" bread knife from them only $2 more than the absolute CHEAPEST place online (not including shipping & handling). Gadgets, cast iron pots, cookware, ceramic tagines, weirdly shaped cookie cutters and whatnot....I bet they'd have you covered for your most inopportune dinner hosting emergency in a pinch if needed.It really is a Williams-Sonoma-Sur-la-Table-funky-Chinatown-­cookware-section all squeezed into a itty-bitty living space. But don't let the size fool you...the stock carried here can easily outgun the bigger stores. They do special order items as well if needed but you'll have to allow them some time as it's not super fast. So plan wisely if needed - really a half star deduction IMHO.Best deals to be had? Go during the (bi?)-annual sidewalk sale at UMall. All stores including KW tend to run further *extra* discounts at the door for all sales inside the store. We scored an extra 13% off our entire order this past weekend. Also, as an update to Mari H.'s comment: I asked about knife sharpening and they still do it, but for an even better price of $3/knife!Rub the lamp....free the Genie! 4.5 stars.Oh yeah...free wifi via UMall or Town of Chapel Hill!
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,4/2/2012,346,337,5,14,6>Mini Willy Wonka Chocolate Factory With BYOBVisit: December 15R-Line Stop: R11 (after 6:30pm). R9 or R12 + walk a few blocks (before 6:30pm)Chocolate lovers rejoice. There's another artisan chocolate maker in town. Videri Chocolate Factory opened their doors today for their Soft Opening. The factory is located in the old Ess Lounge space in the prime spot of The Depot across the street from The Pit. Videri completely gutted the space and rebuilt a little chocolate factory. The chocolate production is set up in the back and you are welcome to tour the facility. They have a whole collection of little machines to process the chocolate bringing to mind something you would see in Willy Wonka's. Chocolate or cocoa bits were spinning in centrifugal clear tube and I can envision the little fat kid from the Wonka movie being sucked up and away in it. The room was redolent in chocolate vapor...you could get a chocolate high just from breathing. Yeah! We tasted the peppermint chocolate. The ingredients are organic and the peppermint was all-natural without any red dye. The chocolate was rich with a faint hint of peppermint. Videri is selling chocolate bars in several flavors. My husband and I purchased 2 chocolate bars: the Classic Dark Chocolate and the Sea Salt Chocolate. There are 2 thin bars in each box and the price is $7.99/box. The dark chocolate is 70% cocoa and I loved the robust, complex flavor.  Initially there was a strong pungency, common with good dark chocolate, that was tempered by the sweetness as the dark chocolate melted in my mouth. The Sea Salt chocolate was my favorite of the 3 varieties I tried. This bar has 60% cocoa so it was sweeter than the dark chocolate with a light sprinkling of sea salt. The salt was very subtle just adding a nuisance of flavor. So what tastes fabulous with dark chocolate? Wine! And Videri is promoting BYOB...bring you own bottle of wine. You may wish to bring your own glass but they will offer a chocolate-rimmed wine glass etched with their logo to take home for $4.99. There are a few tables and chairs and 1 not very comfortable looking sofa.They have a great space that has lots of potential. I think they need to make the lounge space more inviting and relaxing maybe with some cushy sofas and/or fluffy pillows, a coffee table, some candles, and music. I bet with time they will work on the ambiance to make it more conducive to sipping wine and enjoying chocolate.I look forward to trying the other chocolate bars and maybe after a glass of wine, the Oopma-Loompas will show up.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2011,4/1/2012,135,254,2,14,7>"Great new addition to Thai food scene in Durham"Rising from the ashes of Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant is this nice new Thai option.  Open just 2 months, this place still basically looks like Kim Son on the inside, with only the name taken off and the same waving cat by the cash register.  Restaurant is brightly lit and clean.We ordered chicken pad thai, tofu pad see ewe, and drunken noodles.  Every dish was absolutely delicious-- similar in quality to good Thai places I hit when in DC, and much better than Twisted Noodles here in Durham.  Veggies were all very fresh in every dish, not frozen or canned, and the spicing was perfect.The food came out rocket-fast: well under 10 minutes.  So much so that we all commented, "that can't be ours yet" when it came out.  Still, clearly just made fresh.  Service was friendly-- they checked on us several times over the meal and seemed genuinely interested we were pleased with our experience.Best of all was the price-- probably the cheapest good Thai in Durham-- much less expensive than Thai Cafe.  Pad thai and pad see ewe were each just under $10, and with pretty good portions.  We also used a coupon from Restaurant.com to make it even cheaper.Overall, I'd say 4.5 stars, but I'll round up.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2011,3/31/2012,611,755,6,24,6>When is an All You Can Eat (AYCE) buffet, not a buffet?!  When you're eating at Orchid, my friend!  For one price ($24) chow down all the udon, teriyaki, gyoza, tempura and sushi that you can imagine.  Orchid does their buffet different, it's more like a Brasilian churrascaria with table service!  No steam trays, no heat lamps, no stacks of white buffet plates...Orchid is located in a busy little strip mall off of Creedmoor Road with a Harris Teeter.  Inside, Orchid's decor is pretty simple, nothing too fancy here.  But who cares, it's all about the food amiright?!  Since it was my first time here, I let Spusan Z lead the ordering.  We started with some seaweed salad, shrimp udon, spring rolls, beef teriyaki, tempura and more.   You fill out a small paper slip and just hit the white button to light it up and get serviced.  Food comes out quickly on small plates, perfect for sharing.  The shrimp udon was thick, tender savory noodles with succulent shrimp.  The teriyaki and tempura was fine, both good renditions.  And I really enjoyed  my king kong roll: tuna, crab, avocado, deep fried  with masago sauce.  This roll is fried, sliced pretty thin and was full of contrasting flavors and textures, yum!  With the AYCE and Susan Z at the table, of course we went for another round.  Tofu rolls, some cooked eel and some sort of eggy sushi thingie.  And then some red bean ice cream to finish things up...  Service from Zee was spot-on all night and I had a chance to chat with the guy.  Apparently Orchid will be opening up a Durham location on Broad Street some time soon, woohoo!  Overall I really enjoyed my meal here.  Very good Japanese food and sushi at an excellent price.  Admittedly, $24 is not inexpensive but you often spend $30 or more doing sushi so Orchid is definitely a deal.  Just understand how the AYCE concept works here and you'll be fine!  So definitely check out Orchid Japanese Restaurant if you're looking to pig out on some sushi, arigatou...
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,3/30/2012,17,120,1,9,4>Had a great anniversary dinner here.  All the great reviews were warranted because we had a fantastic meal and overall dining experience.  As others have mentioned, don't let the strip mall location throw you off because once you walk in the doors there is tasteful decor and an attentive staff that immediately let you know you're in a top flight restaurant.  One thing to note is that they do have a vegetarian menu.  We didn't know this but when asking about meat content in certain dishes the server offered the vegetarian menu for my wife which was an unexpected surprise that saved her from the usual salad.The food was fantastic.  For appetizers my wife got some bleu cheese fondue and puff pastry thing and I got the foie gras.  For our entree I got the filet on croute and she had some polenta dish which to my surprise she ate all of.  She's usually not experimental at all so I was amazed she ate the whole thing.  We also got desserts too which were delicious.  I had a crepe with nuts, apples, and carmel and my wife had a 3 layer strawberry and pastry concoction which she loved.The service was impeccable as well.  From the moment we came in the staff were very attentive to our every need.  They took my jacket, seated us, and took care of every possible need.  Wine suggestions?  Check.  Menu suggestions for veggies?  Check.  Constantly refilling drinks?  Check.  Maitre D' checking on us regularly?  Check.  I fully expected to go in here and drop a few hundred bucks but I was kinda pleasantly surprised when the total bill for 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 2 desserts, and a nice bottle of French wine came to just about $200 and that was including a generous tip.  I'd definitely suggest this place for a nice romantic dinner.  You get Parisian style ambiance, great food, attentive service, and none of the stuffy attitude that would make an average Joe North Carolinian like me feel uncomfortable.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2011,3/29/2012,58,186,3,11,5>FINALLY!!!!  After a year and half of searching for a great, yet reasonably priced nail salon I've found it!!!  Thanks to my pal Alysha T's review I decided to give it a go after I divorced my last nail salon (the one in Cameron village..you know the one).  This place exceeded my expectations from start to finish.  I walk in and am greated by a nice girl who asks what I'd like to have done (mani/pedi).  I pick my color - (they have a huge selection of both OPI and Essie by the way) and proceed to the back for the pedicure.  The gentleman that ran my water asked me if the water temp was okay and if I'd like something to drink and he offered me a magazine....okay - off to a great start!  I'm offered the price menu to select which pedicure I'd like - they're pretty much all the same, but you can opt for sugar scrub and/or parrafin wax if you choose...and I did ;).  The pedicure was spectacular!!  It took a little longer because I always have issues with ingrown toenails that require 'side' cutting.  Hi was happy to do this for me and she was so thorough - most salons are not that thorough with this issue as it does add a significant amount of time to the process.  No problem here!!  I had selected a color but when I asked Hi what color she was wearing, she told me and said she'd be happy to get that for me - off she goes in search for the perfect color...again - awesome!  Next up - manicure.  She does most of it right there in the pedicure chair which is always a bonus because you get to stay in the comfy massage chair.  When it was time to move over to the other station, we stopped by the parrafin wax station for a quick dip.  While the wax was drying I was surprised with a neck and shoulder massage!!  Really?!  Awesome, awesome is all I can say about this place.  Stop looking around girls, this is the best....trust me I've looked for too long now! ;)
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,3/28/2012,48,186,3,8,3>I had no idea this restaurant existed until today, and that's really sad for me because it rocks.I took my son for lunch there because I wanted California Rolls and he likes fried rice.  That's what we got.  The sushi was buy one get one free, which was nice because my husband will get a treat when he gets home now.  My son's chicken fried rice was delicious with no heavy fried taste to it...My only slight disappointment (ok actually it was major) was that they were currently out of Thai Tea--my favorite.  But they said their shipment arrives in a week (???) so I'll go back.They were playing Barbara Streisand Live music.  That caught me off guard and I found it odd, but ok.The restaurant is clean and decorated nicely with pretty tile walls.  Prices not bad at all for what you get.  I will definitely be back!
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,3/27/2012,22,106,2,3,3>BEER!!!!!!  Grab a pint at the small bar before you pick up your growler or hard to find brews.  Super friendly and helpful staff.  More pumpkin beer than I ever knew existed.  Time for a party!
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2011,3/26/2012,62,93,2,13,6>Love it! Another fabulous booze cave in Raleigh, this one in the infamous Glenwood South area. But don't let its unfortunate locale deter you from checking it out. The drinks are lovingly prepared, and at lightning speed compared to other fancy-pants cocktail bars (*cough* Fox Liquor Bar *cough*). The menu includes 8-10 specialty cocktails, though the great staff can certainly hook you up with off-menu drinks and classic cocktails if you're not feeling particularly adventurous - or ask one of them to surprise you and see what deliciousness comes your way. Good beer and wine list, though drinking beer here would just feel wrong.The space is warm and inviting: dark, richly colored with an intimate speakeasy feel. The bar area is a bit too small for my liking, so I anticipate fighting for bar seating, though there appears to be lots of tables out on the floor. My one complaint would be the "smooth jazz" playing in the background. My preference would be to limit the saxophone stylings and find something nice, trancy and minimalist to create a hipper ambiance. But I'm willing to deal with it for more of their fabulous cocktails.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,3/25/2012,104,463,2,6,3>This is a neat little restaurant tucked within A Southern Season. I actually didn't even know it was there until I found it on my Yelp phone app. I can really work up an appetite while shopping there, so this is a great find.The pimento cheese fritters were yummy. I could eat several plates of them (not an endearing fact, I know). I had a special tuna steak for dinner that was peppercorn encrusted on top of mashed sweet potatoes and green beans. Clean plate club for me!My wife had a veggie pot pie that was piping hot. Pot pies aren't really my thing, but she liked them.The menu has a lot of different American/Southern dishes that are just unique enough to be interesting but still very accessible for anyone's palate. The only thing I really didn't care for was that some of the tables are really close together. I heard a little too much of the conversation between the two older ladies seated next to us. A little more privacy would be nice. It seemed like a pretty big restaurant, so depending on how busy it is, you might be able to ask for a more cozy seat.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,3/24/2012,41,135,7,12,4>4.5 StarsMy wife told that me do not need to have an exclusive relationship with a pizza parlor and there's room for two in our Raleigh lives.I disagree.  Vincent's, you have my vote.They had me at the free garlic knots/rolls and then just kept going from there.Let's start out with this polarizing fact - I lived in Chicago and consider it one of my home towns. I don't do thin, floppy, or foldable pizza under all normals circumstances. Or to paraphrase Sir Mix-a-Lot: I like big crusts and I cannot lie. Buttery crusts to boot! So their Sicilian is the closest I have found to my fondest Chicago memories. Sure, it is a little more expensive. But, it will actually fill you up. It has flavor, texture, and serves as a good base for the toppings. The sauce is season and more than just a tomato sauce - I like it.The service is great - fast, friendly, but also lets us enjoy our company and revel in the food. And when they packed the leftover pizza we asked to include the few remaining garlic knots. They packed ups a container with fresh ones and more sauce. Indeed, it was unexpected and quite pleasant. The owner walked around and talked with the customers, was on a first-name basis with many of the families, and wanted to make sure everybody's expectations were met/exceeded.I have only tried a few apps, such as the calamari, which surprise us with how fast they are prepared and served. I cannot speak for the other things on their menu, nor do I really care to, since I already know what I am getting next time I am here.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,6/19/2014,156,68,14,10,8>Welcome, one and all, to the end of the world. Sit back, relax, and marvel at the purveyors of animal carcasses, who simultaneously resemble fell jousters and the world's deadliest cellists, as they carve layer after layer of meat from their spits. Feast on every beast known to gods, men, and sea dogs. Take a sip of your beer or wine as you wait for a fifth consecutive cut of beef. Ask sheepishly if they offer prairie oysters. Make that unwise second trip to the cold buffet to add one final variant of sea creature to the glorious parade of edible death.I'd heard whispers of this place at various points in my year or so in Raleigh, always from someone whose visage changes into a combination of awe and dread when recalling their meal. Plates piled with meat, a buffet of endless distractions, drinks, dancing girls (maybe they hallucinated that), pineapple slices that took the diner in their final bite to some transcendent state. So when a visiting scientist at work suggested the place, I really had no choice.No one leaves hungry from Brasa, except vegetarians. Vegetarians leave hungry and screaming. The carnivores among us are instructed to flip a red and green painted rock to indicate our interest in more grub. Green: keep it coming. Red: stop, stop, please, I'm going to die. We all ordered the fourteen meat course ("gold") dinner, leaving off the lobster ("platinum") and eschewing the option to eat our waiter ("Dahmer's Delight"), because we didn't want to feel any more ridiculous than we already did. The meats come in steady succession, from filet mignon to chicken hearts drowned in garlic to tender chicken wrapped in bacon, because just chicken by itself would have been underkill. Brasa is about overkill, not underkill. Uberkill? Omnikill? That's the one. Omnikill.The table favorite was picanha, a Brazilian specialty cut that translates approximately to eating the leading edge of a cow's ass. It's located somewhere above the top sirloin and rump, is cooked with a layer of fat about as thick as the cut itself, and is just plain delicious. Around the third time I had this, I graduated from the meat sweats to fearing the menagerie in my belly was going to rebel against their host and transform me into some quasi-man-meat creation. By their powers combined, I am Captain Hot Dog. It was around then that I decided to stop.A future visit would involve more picking and choosing of my favorites and an extra barf bag, because I'll probably need a couple to really get my money's worth.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,6/18/2014,43,105,2,11,8>The Fiction Kitchen is a great example of how the Triangle's food scene is starting to develop.  Rather than just getting more bars and fancier American food, interesting restaurants like this are starting to pop up.The menu consists entirely of vegetarian and vegan friendly choices, but most hardcore meat-eaters will walk away satisfied if they're willing to give it a chance. One of my favorite Southern dishes is chicken & waffles, and The Fiction Kitchen does a great job with it. This is the first place I've been able to take veg* friends to introduce them to this wonderful dish. I believe the chicken is made from soy protein and you can definitely tell that it's not real chicken, but the combination still works just as well together. I've tasted most of the other entrees and they have all been good, but it's hard not to order the chicken & waffles when I know how good it is. The root vegetable chips are also a great side with the season pesto, and their desserts are amazing. Their current space is relatively small, so the wait times can be pretty lengthy. I hope they will expand at some point in the future to meet the demand, but the food is always worth the wait. They have a pretty good bar to wait at, but the area around the bar usually fills up quickly as well. I'd recommend going on early week nights if you're trying to avoid the lines.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,6/17/2014,198,565,10,13,7>(Remind me later to make all my tasteless jokes about having balls in my mouth, salty, cheesy, chewy balls... in the mouth)After hearing many recommendations, and a couple challenges about how many meatballs I can eat in one sitting, I have finally taste these fabled balls. AND. OH. GAWD. THEY. ARE. DELICIOUS. Like, slap yo mama kind of good.Trekking through the snow-covered streets looking for a late night meal was tough, but I was very glad these fine folks decided to keep their sign on, more importantly, their stoves and warm air conditioning on during the snow-apocalypse 2014.Oak City Meatball Shoppe is not those fancy place that try to dazzle and confuse you with an unabridged hardcover of a menu. Meatballs, and booze. Simple, and effective (just like the sister establishment next door.)A few pointers:1) Keep your attention on the menu board, it'll tell you the Balls and Sauce and Cocktail of the Day (you can't find this on the website)2) There is no MIX-n-MATCH if you just order the meatballs;3) If you want to taste several as once, get the sliders, or as I called it, Build-a-Ball4) The service is very 'relaxing,' meaning your sever/waitress may flow around a bit, and into socializing among themselves. Feel free to assertively flag them down5) Addendum to 4), this can be a great first date location; atmosphere is low key, and you don't get much distraction from rogue waitress hands reaching in to fill your water glass6) Even the desserts/sweets are balls, and you want to try the cake pops, I suggest Red Velvet and Cookie & CreamKeep on ballin' Oak City Meatball Shoppe!
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,6/16/2014,223,633,5,16,9>If Bobby Flay were to come to town and ask me what restaurant I think he'd like, I would point him here.  It reminds me somewhat of his Mesa Grill...the same philosophy of fresh and flavorful, and not afraid of bold spice.    Having been a fan of both previous Jibarras, I was still excited to see the changes. Love the new menus!  Last Sunday I was drooling over reviews and pics here on Yelp, and would have headed right over for dinner, but sadly, they are not open on Sunday nights.  So we had to wait a whole week to go.  Bring on Saturday lunch and we were off!  (they are open for Sunday brunch though, we just couldn't get there that early that day.)   The good thing about this sometimes busy part of downtown (warehouse district), is the free parking lot for the businesses in this particular building. First impression walking in to the changed restaurant was "oh wow, they really did change it up" (looking right to the bar area)...then looking left to the main dining room "this part looks the same to me".  Have always loved it, so it's good to me.  Extreme likes:  the Market Chile Relleno...do know that the lentils in this are mushed up into the filling so if you have a lentil-phob amongst you (see Husband), even they can like this.  Love the crispy breaded exterior, the creamy interior and the flavorful tomato sauce.  This was served with wonderfully spicy collards and onions on top of some non-greasy yucca fries.  Winner of a dish!    Continuing the Likes:  Husband got Enchiladas del Mar that came with a cup of rice. This is blackened shrimp and spinach with a fantastic tomatillo sauce, with slices of radish on top.I was so stealing bites of this.  The shrimp and spinach in them are perfectly kicked up and the sauce was awesome.   Amazingly (having been to the gym earlier) we were actually up for dessert.  Our Server suggested the Tres Leches with what the menu described as habanero strawberry sauce.  This was served in a jar.  Husband really like this.  Me, not so much.  It reminded me of cottage cheese, and there was nothing that resembled habanero anything.  He loved it and said it reminded him of strawberry shortcake.  Another like for me was the Sangria, although it leaned toward a bit too sweet, and a personal preference for me is more fruit.  There was one orange slice and a wedge of lime.  It had a nice kick to it though.  Small dislikes:  Water is served with no ice.  However, you can remedy that easily.  Ask for ice.  sigh...life can be so simple sometimes, huh?  Service...nice and friendly, but (how do I put this?) lacking in a bit of refinement maybe?  Was more of an issue for Husband then me.  If you aren't ready for your plate to be cleared, just say so.  (I saved his).  Small things like that.    Do know that if you go for Saturday lunch it is the dinner menu that is served, so price-wise, it's dinner prices.  Reasonable dinner prices for the quality, though.  With so many other tempting items to try, am very much looking forward to going back!
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,6/15/2014,56,150,2,5,2>Hayes Barton...it's been too long!   Dinner tonight was amazing.   And my leftovers tomorrow will be just as good.   We had:The crab dip - yum!The mussels - yum!The halibut special - yum!The shrimp and scallop special - yum!The meatloaf - yum!The special salad with shrimp - yum!The lemon cake with blueberries - yum!I tasted every dish and they were all great.  These ones were mine though.  The half order of mussels was plentiful (about 20) and came with a rich tomato broth.   The meatloaf was HUGE.  I gave away a chunk, ate a big chunk, and still have a full lunch tomorrow.   Served with fluffy mashed potatoes and perfect green beans.  When I was done, I was so stuffed that I couldn't have another bite, so I took the cake home in a box.  And I've now eaten half of it.  Perfectly moist and not too terribly sweet.   I'm still stuffed and can't put the fork down. Still hate the policy on separate checks, but our server was nice enough to so the math for us.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,6/14/2014,109,169,2,6,3>I REALLY miss LA Korean food! Like...A LOT! So when I came upon this little gem on my yelp app I had to try it! My mom and I had been here for almost a week and had gone without Korean food...my mom was becoming DESPERATE! So we decided to check it out! This is as close as you're going to get when it comes to legitimate Korean food! I only got to try two of their dishes, roe stew and soft tofu soup (soondooboo)! The banchan (side dishes) reminded me of what I would typically get back home so I loved it! Good variety too! The roe stew was EXCELLENT!! I couldn't have asked for anything more! The broth had a nice taste to it, not too fishy, and it was clean/smooth! It was really good. This LA girl approves! The soondooboo (soft tofu soup) was okay, but I can't really complain because I feel like it's the best that I'm going to get around here. It's definitely not what I'm used to back home. So what I'll say is that it is definitely satisfactory :) I really liked the fact that the food tasted like it had ZERO MSG! I really have a bad reaction to MSG so this was awesome! I'll definitely be coming back here when I'm missing my mom's cooking or when I just miss Korean food in general! I can't wait to try the rest of the menu!! I definitely recommend it!! Two thumbs up!
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,6/13/2014,179,270,4,16,2>Yeah!! Alcohol and pedicures! Wait, let me start again. Cameron Spa & Nails is the perfect after work date for you and a girlfriend who desperately need a glass of wine and some attention to your toes. I'll first tell you... the wine is pretty good. I realize many of you are asking that question. It's one of the few nail salons where they don't usher you in only to have you sit for 30 min waiting for the nail tech to come over to the chair. Seriously, nothing irritates me more. I have other things to do or would run errands until they are ready for me. It's lovely inside and the service is spot on. I've been half a dozen times, at the recommendation of a friend and will keep coming back pending they keep painting inside the lines.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,6/12/2014,27,49,4,12,4>This place was EXACTLY what I was looking for.  I woke up this morning, and thought to myself, dang...I really really want something simple yet soulful, and came to the conclusion that that equaled a deep fried pork chop.  Toss in some great wings, and some "oh my goodness" waffles, my wife and I had a great meal.  Pork chop - a little salty, but tasted so good.  The salty balanced the sweet of the waffle, but more on that later.Chicken - Didn't have a huge thick crust on it, which I liked.  Also salty, but it just tasted the way fried chicken should.  Waffles - these may be the best waffles I've ever had in my life.  I had cornbread special, and my wife had blueberry.  It was light, and ever so slightly crisp, and rather sweet.  Powdered sugar topped it all off.  Oh man, if I come back, I'll definitely get these again.  I think the best way to describe this place, is that you can taste the soul / character in the food.   Also, apparently they were catering for like 300 people that day on top of serving at their restaurant.  I'm glad they had food left for us!
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,6/11/2014,79,87,2,6,3>Tucked in a block North of Krispy Kreme, this cozy spot has an atmosphere that really makes you feel at home and is a perfect addition to my neighborhood. The pickled vegetables illuminated by lights is something I have never seen before and really makes this place unique.  There is an incredible amount of outside seating and the fireplaces and heaters make the cold weather tolerable. Everyone I've spoken to have loved the food (a friend I was with had the chicken pot pie which was very impressive -- it actually comes in a pot with a handle right off the stove, and he didn't leave a crumb behind). Good selection of beer (local brews, domestics, and imports), with cocktails coming soon. The staff are all wonderfully attentive for how busy it has been since it has just opened (if you want less of a hassle, check it out during a weekday where seating is easier to acquire).I am so glad to have a restaurant+bar on Person St. This is what a neighborhood bar should be.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,6/10/2014,133,156,4,7,3>.After several years living in Seoul and Pyeongtaek I think I'm a pretty good judge of Korean cuisine. My overall impression after my first visit to the highly recommended Soo Café?....puzzled. No doubt the best Galbi and Bulgogi I've had in NC and the SoGa Chicken was everything it was cracked up to be. The décor is closest to any family owned korean restaurant I've been to In-Country though the size of the place is huge. 7:30 on Saturday night and there is a 4 top and a 8 top so we are seated right away and then the fun begins. Holy Smokes, what is up with the service?  I'm completely prepared for the wait for the fried chicken but come on, almost and hour. The Lady and I order two entrees with chicken appetizers, our server, a personable young man is apologizing all over the place. I know they have not been open long in this location but they did have a location downtown so they are not new to the restaurant business. And I have never, ever had a Korean meal, breakfast, lunch or dinner that didn't come with kimchee. When it did arrive after I asked for it I was surprised that it tasted like boiled cabbage, no heat, spice or fermentation at all. I asked our server and he said they had gotten complaints about the heat of the kimchee and they had toned it down. That's like asking an Italian restaurant to skip the garlic!. He said he would pass it on to the Owners. I wish I could give them 5 stars. The food was excellent, the price point good,  but they have some  kinks to work out. I'll be back.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2010,1/8/2011,117,315,17,9,7>I'm kind of a big deal (just kidding),  so "my awesomeness" is what we told 3 of our 6 servers that asked, "And what are we celebrating tonight?" I'm guessing this is a special occasion type place and now that I think about it, there was a wedding reception going on in one of the rooms...  Mazel.You'll also get a museum like history lesson regarding the historic house and other fun "did you knows" from the wait staff. For example, do you know why they present the cork after uncorking? I now do....Let me just start by saying I have a new favorite wine, ok second favorite Merlot. I'm still carrying around the cork as we speak like some sick, deranged, almost alcoholic psycho. We ordered a bottle of the Toad Hollow Merlot (supple wine with a soft, full flavor and warm floral notes)  - I instantly fell in love with its unique flavor.  It made me a little giddy and giggly - "You'll have to excuse her, she's had a full bottle of wine" explained my dining companion to the perplexed wait staff.  I even made a turtle out of my napkins like the cruise ship towel animals, to which John our waiter responded with a napkin chicken, but I digress....I started my meal with the Empire Baby Mesclun Salad. Wonderful. Maybe it was the wine, but Second Empire made this oft pescatarian ravenously crave meat, red meat. I ordered the Grilled Australian Lamb Rack and told my dining companion to order the Grilled Ribeye, no exceptions, yes this is the autocracy of Renee. Oh sweet baby 8 lb 6 oz  Jesus that Ribeye was delicious! I'm hardly a carnivore, I rarely eat red meat, but this wonderful, medium rare steak made me question my whole pescatarian existence. Close the eyes and hum mmmm mmmm yum. The roasted plum tomato & rosemary jus that my lamb and his accompanying sides were swimming in was divine. Talk about heavenly smoky, complex, rich flavors! Oh goodness, I mean I can't even write a proper (non fragment) sentence right now. Food this good is sinful, gluttonous really. Seriously, if I ate like this every day, well even often, I'd probably be flat broke and morbidly obese on A&E with my own show, "My 512 Pound Life"Sigh.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2010,1/7/2011,100,280,18,6,10>Aww, fack that, I'm the Duchess of Toast now.  Clearly I love this place.  I always get the same thing, though.  Obviously, I'm boring and lack personality.  Or maybe that portobello sandwich is the best thing ever.I crave Toast's portobello panini.  Sometimes I get confused and think "Oh man, it sucks being single" but then I realize it's actually just hunger.  I just really want a panini from Toast.Oops, silly me :D  Every time I come here I *just* miss a rush.  But they deal with rushes pretty well.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2010,1/6/2011,152,347,17,13,10>I told my bf that I got chinese food from an express counter in a krogers. He laughed and said that I was becoming too southern.This place is seriously an amazing find - SO SECRETIVE. it's like learning where the entrance to hogwarts is and becoming a witch and have the right to judge the stupidity of muggles. ...hm i really need to reinvent myself to be cooler.[For non-chinese speakers] The lady behind the counter doesn't really speak english, and with hand gestures and pictures, you'll get by. [For non-chinese readers] The chinese menu is all in chinese, so bring a translator. It's almost impossible if you lack in both abilities to order here alone.I got the wonton soup, and it was delicious. A little bit on the oily side, but the wontons were authentic. Pork and Shrimp wrapped in thin egg wraps, simmers in a chicken based broth. My friend got the tofu and seaweed with chicken. YUM. The tofu is fried, but had a soft center. The seasoning was just great. They recently started sushi, and curious as I was..I got the Jenny Roll (Raw tuna, Raw Salmon and Avocado). Let's just say..do NOT GET RAW FISH SUSHI HERE. The sushi rice was reallllllyyyy good...but..yeah no raw fish here. OBEY THIS RULE.The bubble tea was good, it reminded me of bubble tea back in this taiwan bubble tea house I used to work at. It was a little too sweet, so ask for less sugar..depending on your preference. Did i mention that everything here's amazingly CHEAP?!??! less than 7 bucks, you can get yourself a delicious authentic chinese dinner. IN A FREAKING KROGERS. GO GO GO.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2010,1/5/2011,59,237,8,7,7>Warning!  I am pretty sure my heart stopped at least twice during the consumption of the 4 meat pizza that Ron W, Phil G, and I consumed yesterday.  If you're on any type of diet, stay far far away.  Otherwise, run here as quickly as possible!Ironically enough, I am fresh off a trip to Chicago where I ate at one of the most famous deep dish pizza places in the world (Lou Malnati's).  With that pie fresh in my mind, I dove in on Rosati's version.  Wowser, this thing was awesome.  Not exactly sure how they did it, but normally when I get a 'meat lovers' style pizza, it is absolutely dripping in grease (thus the reason I don't order them often).  Rosati's must use quality meat and unprocessed cheese, as there was no oil slick present (no paper towel dabbing necessary; you know who you are).  The taste was excellent and the meat and cheese combo gave a nice bite.  The main difference between this pie and Lou's was that the crust wasn't as buttery, which I actually enjoyed a little more.  Besides the food, the service was spot on and the restaurant was clean as a whistle.  The pizza spectrum is now complete in the Triangle.  You now can get a great deep dish (Rosati's) and a great Neapolitan/NYC (Bella Mia) pie without touching an airplane.  My life is now complete.  Did I mention I love pizza?
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,1/4/2011,567,250,17,22,24>Last night was my first concert at Cat's Cradle and I was blown away. This place is exactly what I expect from a live music venue. Organized ticket line that leads you into an intimate area for you to get up close and personal with the band on stage. Last night's concert headliner was Citizen Cope, a sold out show. Despite being sold out, I was still able to see them up close and enjoy their performance without any qualms. There are wooden benches for seating on the sides of the walls that enclose the area and also towards the back. If you arrive early, its easy to grab a spot. This is a good idea if you don't feel like standing the whole night.The acoustics rock in this place. Awesome sound from the edge of the stage to the very back where the bar is. Thanks to the excellent reviews previous to my experience, I had cash in hand for beer, scored parking early in the lot, and emptied my bladder before entering the venue. Yelp in action! Bathrooms are more than disgusting. Don't bother unless its an emergency. But, hey, you don't go there to do your business, you go there for the music.I was also star-struck by this venue's history. Famous bands like Nirvana, Pearl Jam, and Smashing Pumpkins played here before ever making it on the air waves. I'm in love with this place.Overall: Intimate venue that doesn't lack in sound quality. Great place to discover quality indie bands while chilling in a non-pretentious environment. Bring cash for alcohol and be aware that parking can be tough.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2010,1/3/2011,295,331,8,12,9>Am I getting carried away on these five star reviews?  Short answer: I don't care!  Meine Gute, Guglhupf is as five star-worthy as it gets in my book.  The food is de-licious, the coffee is a-mazing, the interior looks great, and the bakery is basically the best I've visited since I lived in Germany (makes me miss home!).We went for brunch at around 1:00 on a Saturday and the parking lot was packed.  We grabbed a parking spot over near the bead store right after someone vacated it: it was on some gravel with my front driver's side tire wedged in a generous indentation created from lots and lots of parking there.  Already I could tell that this place was happening.  Once you park, I swear it's a mad dash for the door.  People---myself included---are getting all swept up in this "OMG, gotta get a table before they're all gone and then we never get to eat and then we have to go home and cry because we're so sad and hungry!"  It took my laid-back husband to remind me that we weren't at all in a hurry.And then, surprisingly---shockingly, even---there wasn't much of a line at all when we walked in, so we put in our orders at the counter, took our number, coffees, and apple struessel with us, and found a seat upstairs fairly easily.  Only two tables were open and both were dirty, but the staff is really good about keeping the tables bussed.  As soon as we took our seats, a line appeared out the door, so evidently we were quite lucky with our timing.  Despite all the chatty people, the din is not at all overwhelming and my husband and I conversed without having to strain to hear each other.That apple struessel: boy, oh, boy!  It reminds me of home and I lived in Bavaria for the better part of a decade.  The cream on the side was also so good, although I always preferred Vanillesosse to cream.  Their coffee surpassed my qualifications for excellence, and I am a bit of a snob about my coffee.My wild mushroom omelet---served with baguette and fruit salad---and my husband's chicken club came out very quickly and both were like buttah, baby, like buttah (see my photos for proof!).  Seriously, my mouth's watering a little bit just remembering the experience and I'm not even hungry right now.After prolonged Mmm-mmm-mmming, we made our way into the bakery.  It was near close and they were picked over, but you could see that their selection is exemplary and authentically German.  I'm talkin' "echt Deutsch," y'all.Seriously, I can't wait to go back.  I'd love to sit outside some warm afternoon.Also, they take reservations via their website.  We didn't do that, but it's good to know it's an option.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,1/2/2011,104,463,,10,6>I don't know that I've ever felt more at home in a restaurant.  This little gem is family owned and it shows.  The service is extremely personal and genuine.  Our waitress (the owners' daughter) was friendly and engaged us in conversation and helped guide us through the menu.  We ordered a green tea that she recommended.  The tea was served in handmade pots (made by the restaurant owner) with "matching" handmade cups.  Fantastic!They have been open for 25 years, but we are relatively new to the area and had no idea this was so special.  Honestly, from the outside, it's so unassuming.  Thank you again, Yelp!The food was all delicious.  We tried several items from the a la carte menu -- which is a great way to try lots of stuff, but the price can add up.  The quality of food makes it worth it though, for sure.I had the hurricane roll, which was definitely spicy and one of the better rolls I've had.  I would definitely order it again.  There is a lot more here than just sushi though, and from what I understand, the menu changes.The sake tasting was good fun as well.  Each serving was in a unique glass and the lady told us a little bit about each one when she poured it.The place is very small, probably ~10 tables.  I'm not sure if it ever backs up badly.  While we were there it was pretty much full, but I never saw a time where people were waiting to be seated.If you're looking for authentic Japanese cuisine and/or a place for a night out that tells your guest that you know the ins-and-outs of Durham, I would try Yamazushi!
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2010,1/1/2011,69,760,2,8,4>Looking for a place to have some lunch after church, so I directed my bride to Vincent's - closed, then Pita Delite (based on Sue and Kevin P's reviews), a new sign on the door said effective Nov 13th, they were now closed on Sundays.  Then, as I began to suggest the Sushi place next door, my bride spied a sign that read "ALL NFL GAMES ON".  It had been so long since I'd seen my NFL team on a televised game I couldn't resist the temptation.  Welcome to Chow on a Sunday afternoon, right next to Pita Delite.I rolled myself in through the door and we were promptly greeted and asked if there was a particular game we wanted to watch.  But of course, the Buffalo-Detroit game (Go Bills)!!!  The owner/manager came around to welcome us, and struck up a conversation about how long the place had been open, and taught my daughter a couple things in Spanish.  I was content to watch the Bills pounce on the Lions with a Duck-Rabbit Porter in my hand, but I was also hungry.  We ordered wings, grilled, Texas Pete style -  not quite buffalo wings, but fairly good, nonetheless.  Then came the cheesesteak - a pile of artery clogging goodness!I had expected the place to be packed, but it had only been open for two days, and the lack of clientele was an indicator of how poorly known the place was.  Result:  The attention paid to us was great and the service outstanding.For bar fare food, this is about as good as it gets.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,12/31/2010,62,167,,10,7>I was wondering recently if Paschall Grill was still open. That's what the sign says the name is, and that's what we've always called it. I ventured out this morning to see. Yes, it's still in business. Yay!It seems to be one of the last of the old, local eateries known for great North Carolina-style hot dogs. When I was a young boy... I would say little, but I've never been called little... there were a handful of places you could get what I thought were the absolutely best hot dogs in the world: -The long departed Eagle Drive-In at the corner of Roxboro and Old Oxford-The Dairy Bar on North Roxboro beside the remaining Braggtown Baptist Church-The King Sandwich Shop, now newly renovated and re-opened-The original Dog House on Miami, a "new comer" as I recall-The Tastee Freeze on North Roxboro that became something else, also a "new comer"-Amos & Andy's, in my mind, the most legendary of them all-It's A Wiener, at least that's the name I remember, on South NC 55 at NC54... a much later addition, but a great one, sadly now departedEven 25 to 30 years ago, I remember talking to folks and lamenting the vanishing authentic NC hot dog, and folks recommended Paschall's. At the time it was an old place. Why I had never been there when I was even younger, I'll never know. But I remember visiting and knowing this was an authentic player. So I added it to my list.It's not very convenient for me, and hot dogs aren't the healthiest thing for me to eat, so it is usually a few years between my visits. But there is something reassuring just knowing it still exists--that places like Paschall's still exist. Due to the time that passes between my visits, I usually enter the unassuming building and wait for my eyes to adjust and try to figure out the protocol. Today, while not dead, I had beaten the crowd, so I just took a seat at the counter, placed my order for the hot dog special and tried to soak up the experience.Watching the seasoned staff work and seeing the years they've put in behind the counter doesn't reassure me that Paschall's will always be here. It will be sad when it joins the hot dog stands whose passings I still lament.My two hot dogs with mustard, slaw, chili, and onions arrived with fries and a diet Coke. Yep. Authentic NC hot dogs. Tasty and satisfying, and I have to say they're still better than the ones at either of the local chains.They didn't quite measure up to my memories of Amos & Andy's, but then again, Amos & Andy's probably wouldn't, either. Thirty or so years can glamorize the flavors. Paschall's isn't modern. It isn't glamorous. It's a good hot dog in a setting that reminds me of days gone by. Their cheeseburgers looked worth a try, and probably 10 people after me ordered spaghetti with garlic bread... so that must be pretty good. Oh, and though I didn't try it, a sign says they have home made banana pudding. I'm betting theirs kicks some serious butt.Give Pashall's a try before they join the memories that are now just hot dog heaven.Oh, and for the record, I know there are other hot dogs other than Carolina-style. I love those as well. Loving one style doesn't mean you can't love the others.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2010,12/30/2010,23,38,4,6,3>If you're like me, the phrase "I could really go for some Chinese food" is a fairly common thing to think. And, if you're like me, that tends to lead to some unhappy thoughts about your options around here.Don't get me wrong...I've been known to very much enjoy Americanized Chinese food. Chicken and Broccoli, when done well, is really good. But when I want Chinese food...the sort that Chinese people are likely to want...that's harder. If you've ever watched the Travel Channel, then you know that authentic Chinese food can be...well...challenging. And even though I've eaten a lot of Chinese in my life, often at places where the staff is pretty sure I don't belong, I'm still often stumped by menus of authentic cuisine. But when that happens, I know I've found a good place. That happened tonight, at C&T.This is seriously good chinese food. Its simple, properly cooked, and wonderfully flavored. The sauteed chinese broccoli with garlic was so good, I was actually sad to see it gone. We ordered salt and pepper ribs which I'd never seen before, and they were wonderful...lightly fried and super juicy. There's a ton of fish and vegetable options, so there's something for everyone.Perhaps best is that they're unapologetic about the food they serve. Its Szechuan through and through. Its different than Neo-China or PF Chang's. I take nothing from those places (PF Chang's 5 Spice Ribs are awesome!). So don't think of C&T as better...think of it as different.We ate ourselves into a coma tonight.  :-)
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,9/9/2013,48,89,4,3,3>THEY HAVE POPCORN POPPED IN BACON FAT TOPPED WITH BACON. If that's not the number one reason to go there then please tell me: What is??Well I guess they have a pretty good beer selection with more than 80 beers on draft. They have a huge selection of specialty, craft and local beer as well as a pretty decent selection of cider and gluten free beer. The best I've seen so far in Raleigh actually (2nd runner up would be World of Beer). I couldn't even decide what I wanted to try first so I'll definitely have to return to the taproom. The restaurant is huge inside and has a pretty large outdoor seating area as well, which is where we sat and is very nice. If there weren't layers of pollen outside I'd wish I was there now. (Who am I kidding, I totally wish I was there now.) Anyway, we ordered a variety of apps as well which included the bacon popcorn. My friend got poutine! I couldn't eat the gravy so she got it on the side, the fries were yummy! Other friend had an amazing looking breakfast burger. The atmosphere is great, the food and drink are great. We went before heading down to Deep South to see a band and it was an easy stop to make in between my house and the music venue. Plenty of parking as well. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,9/8/2013,68,241,2,6,5>Their buy one get one sushi is worth the visit to Tasu. My 13yo and I came for a late lunch on a Friday with no wait and a server that was less than warm and fuzzy. Came again for dinner on another Friday, and the place was packed with a wait of 40 minutes. Luckily for us we snagged two seats at the sushi bar and avoided the wait. Score! Our server, Ryan, was friendly and attentive despite the busy night. Score again!We shared four rolls and thank goodness for their 2 for 1 deal. Without it, we easily had $50 worth of sushi. I know. Our eyes were bigger than our stomachs, but we met the challenge. We had to. Mom said it's wasteful to leave food on your plate. That's our story and we're sticking to it. It was SO good. The portions are really decent. We ordered three (8) piece rolls - Alaskan, Blue Devil and Shrimp Tempura - and one (5) piece roll - Spider Roll #1. With the buy one get one deal, our total bill with a sweet tea was $30.33. Not bad, and my fat belly is happy, happy, happy.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,9/7/2013,199,740,2,9,8>The NCMA is one of those places that I always go to when: (a) I want to decompress and have some stress-free "me" time, (b) when we have visitors in town and I want to show off how "even NC has great art", or (c) when hubs and I are going to see an outdoor show or movie on the lawn. Either choice, the NCMA cannot be missed.I've been a member of the museum since I first volunteered there while in college. It has always been a special place as it truly takes you into another world. Whether you are an art fan, or not, you cannot help but be impressed by the art hangs in the various galleries. Not only are there various works from centuries ago, but there are works from modern artists as well. They do a great job of bringing in great exhibitions to intrigue one-time visitors to coming back, and making the same old visit to the museum more enjoyable as it seems there is always something new to the collection. The outdoor area is just as wonderful as the inside. There are so many surprises around every corner. You can walk around the Rodin garden and go to the rolling hills that await either a picnic lunch, or view the "road tattoos" on the trails that take you to see various outdoor art around the NCMA park. NCMA also hosts various outdoor concerts and films that are available on their website. This is a fun date-night in the summer and should not be missed! NCMA- one of those places that make me proud to be from NC!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,9/6/2013,44,284,2,9,3>Highly anticipated first visit to a Bad Daddy's.  Everyone from Charlotte tells me I must go there.  It certainly passes the smell test, albeit with a few kinks to work out.  Ah the new building smell.  Located in the rehabbed section of Seaboard Station, across from Tylers and 18 Seaboard, they aren't isolated from dining competition.  I would have hoped for a little more fanfare in their opening week, but the lack of a liquor license and a delayed opening puts a hamper on the grand opening festivities.  Maybe once they get their liquor license they can advertise for their spiked milkshakes as "get your calcium and your alcohol, it's healthy (kind of) and fun!"Burger menu is pretty extensive, with a few signature one's, including the Bad-Ass Burger.  Most might like to create their own burger, with plenty of yummy options to choose from.  However, the menu is much more than typical burger fare.  It is equally apportioned with salads and appetizers, as well as milkshakes.  Burgers are served neat, meaning no messy condiments to ruin the fresh out of the kitchen look.  Among the better burgers in my opinion.  It came out hot, juicy, cooked to order, and not at all greasy.  Even my fried egg was cooked semi-soft, the way I like it.  Options such as a lettuce bun, or texas toast, make the customization process pretty sweet.  Sweet potato fries were spot on as well.  Overall, the burgers here are less risky (condiment-wise) than the offerings at Chuck's, but the breadth of combinations and broader menu could make this more of a regular visit.Staff were still in training so there was some milling about, but with all the TVs and your face stuck in a burger, who could really notice?  The place is also more of a sit-down joint, with table service, as opposed to the fast-food counter order you get at Burger-fi or Chuck's.  So, expect a bit of a pricier meal.  4 stars with a potential for more once the place gets running at full steam.  1 off for the mustardy cole slaw (though the staff seemed to take a genuine interest in fixing it).  I'll be back when the alcohol is flowing.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,9/5/2013,20,56,4,9,5>I'll preface my review with this: my husband and I moved to Raleigh after living in Chicago for 8  long, cold years, where getting a really good slice of NYC style pizza was close to impossible. So, since we've lived here in Raleigh for the past year, we've been completely freaking overjoyed at how easy it is to not only find NY style pizza, but also pretty good NY style pizza. We were more than happy with the pizza place nearest our apartment near Crabtree Valley Mall, but recently bought a house near Sergio's and gave it a whirl on a rainy night with our stuff still in boxes expecting it to be as good as our old go-to, but were pleasantly surprised to find it was EVEN BETTER. The cheese is the perfect amount of salty, the sauce is simple, thin and garlicky, and the crust has the perfect chew to crunch ratio. This is the best pizza either of us have had since we lived in upstate NY for college. My husband grew up right outside NYC in Westchester County and is well-acquainted with NYCs many "standing slice" joints, as I like to call them (since you order by the slice and often eat standing over a counter rather than sitting down). Oddly enough, his Polish Jewish great-grandfather owned and ran an Italian deli in NYC in the early 1900's, so his grandmother grew up eating both kosher Jewish food (she was Orthodox and still keeps a kosher kitchen at home) and whatever Italian foodstuffs were not fresh enough to sell but not spoiled enough to throw out. While I grew up in FL, my parents are from NJ, and my maiden name is DISTINCTLY Italian, so I think we are qualified to anoint Sergio's as an excellent pizzeria.Sergio's has "traditional" triangular slices of NYC style pizza, and also thin crust "Grandma Style" and Sicilian crust options, just like pizzerias in the boroughs where the Italian people in NY actually live these days (none of them live in Little Italy anymore, it's more like the Italy portion of Disney World these days than a real Italian neighborhood). Since the other outposts of Sergio's are in Brooklyn and Long Island, that makes sense!  Delivery is fast and friendly and the pizza is far more reasonably priced than some of our other options up here near the Falls of Neuse exit off 540. I'm eager to try their sandwiches, stromboli/calzone and other offerings. The garlic knots are top-notch, with fresh garlic, herbs and parmesan, unlike some places which use the weird, oddly acidic and unpleasantly uniform chunks of jarred garlic (I'm cringing just thinking about that stuff). They also apparently make a "garlic knot pizza", where they essentially "garlic-knot-ify" the crust, which isn't exactly traditional, but how could anything be made WORSE by the addition of more garlic, olive oil and/or butter? We're not even going to bother trying anyplace else. If it ain't broke, don't fix it! Our goal is to live in this house until our kids go to college (we haven't even had them yet, but plan to start in the next year or so) and I sincerely hope Sergio's will be in the 'hood as long as we are!
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,9/4/2013,42,129,3,7,4>I feel another review raving about this place isn't necessary so let's keep it quick and dirty!1) The shawarma makes my life.  Literally. The pickled veg in there puts it over the top.  I stick with chicken on ww but may someday venture out.2) Lentils and Rice...Lentils AND rice!!!  The mujaddara is of legends. Seriously.  I had no idea it would become its own food group for me.  I even make it at home now (NOT. THE. SAME.)  Try it and don't be afraid to make eyes with whoever is serving to get some more caramelized onions.3) Salad this, salad that.  I haven't met a salad here I didn't like!  Bean, pasta, veggie, potato, greek...can't miss.Now the negs:  Get there early (11) or late (after 1)  if you come in the middle the mujaddara might not have as many onions on top.  If this happens you will mope like a puppy until your next visit!I don't like the grape leaves but I think this is personal.  I like the grains of my grape leaves a little on the mushy side (don't judge me!) and the ones from Neomonde are, well grainy.If you haven't been...shame on you.  Make it happen!
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,9/3/2013,84,91,2,5,4>By far my favorite place to eat in Cary (maybe ever). My coworkers and I eat here twice a week (because it's just that good). I can't decide what I love more, the delicious, fresh, Turkish food or the amazingly sweet, and wonderful family that owns and runs this place. It's a toss. Both are perfect.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,9/2/2013,167,179,4,9,6>So, It's been nearly 2 months now and I can now confidently say, that if you're new to the area and want to live downtown, you couldn't do much better than the Hue. That being said, there are a few things that I've learned about the Hue in my short time that might turn some folks off. Here they are in no particular order:*Noise- Part l: There is a fire department located a block away. If you live facing either Dawson or Hargett (versus 1 of the interior units that overlooks the pool) you will hear fire trucks at random times throughout the week. It took a while  to get used to it, but eventually you do. *Noise-Part ll: This one is 2-fold. First off, there are 2 bars located on Hargett within a few yards of the Hue. I'm not sure what their calendar is like but every Thursday, Friday & Saturday at around 3 a.m.,   the bars will close and people will come streaming through the street from around 3-3:30 a.m. If your apartment faces Hargett (as mine does) you will hear the parade of drunk people laughing, singing, cursing and sometimes fighting. I'm a light sleeper so this wakes me up regularly (Thursday seem to be especially rambunctious!) but I really don't mind it so it's not a big deal. I can easily see how this could get annoying for some though, so I thought it was worth mentioning.Now the 2nd part: Both of the clubs are gay.  This really is a none issue though unless you tend to lean to the far right.*Water Pressure: I REALLY like firm water pressure. If there was a Swedish massage setting on my shower head I would be the happiest girl in the world. Unfortunately, here at the Hue water never tends to flow more intensely than a gurgling stream. We confirmed that it's pretty much this way throughout the building. Other than that we've yet to experience any major issues. When you factor in the location (walking distance to pretty much everything), amenities (gym, pool, free coffee in the lobby) it's well worth a little bit of noise and weak water.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2012,9/1/2013,43,105,2,4,3>Wow, you know this place must be good with over 550 reviews. That's a number you don't often see outside of big cities. The Pit isn't perfect, but I wouldn't recommend anywhere else for someone to experience North Carolina style BBQ. If this is your first visit to The Pit, I would recommend ordering one of the classic pork BBQ plates. The plates come with two sides, and I really don't think you can go wrong with any of the sides here. The sweet potato fries are topped with brown sugar and almost taste more like a dessert than a side dish, but they are delicious. Fried okra is a classic side in my mind when it comes to BBQ, and they definitely do it well here. My only complaint is with the system of waiting tables, which seems to be that you don't have a dedicated server. I'm sure they've figured out that it works better for a restaurant of their size, but it also means that service can be pretty slow. Generally, it's not a big deal to me because I don't come here for a quick meal anyway. Overall, this is a great restaurant and probably one of the first restaurants I would recommend to people visiting from out of town. I love the quick and dirty BBQ places around here too, but The Pit is where I'll go for a nice dinner.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,8/31/2013,289,148,7,7,7>Let me tell you a little story about a girl named Alysia and an ongoing love affair with The Parlour ice cream. We met 2 years ago on a hot day in July. I licked from their cone. They made my face sticky. Our love continued, (albeit non-mongamously). Although I could be a little lazy about spicing things up, always choosing the salted butter caramel even though I tried other flavors (or FLAVOURS in fancy town USA), I can be counted on to have a pound cake ice cream when it shows up. Fast forward to this week, the opening week of their adorable but not overly cutesy shop downtown. I waited in the decently long line patiently while the owners and staff scooped their brains out. I was going to go for my old stand by. You know the one. Unless you aren't actually reading this review, in which case, get it together. Okay but then I saw this little darling called The Drunken Sailor. This little cup of splendor could not be more aptly named. It is my favorite salted butter caramel with fudge sauce, chocolate coated pretzels, and, wait for it... POTATO CHIPS. It is like the goddess of PMS came down from the red heavens and smited (smote?) SMOTE the owners of The Parlour, AKA my girlfriend, and this delicious cold treat was what was left after the smoke cleared from all of that smiting. Personal to The Parlour: CALL ME.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,2/26/2014,46,89,3,12,5>Whisk's Grand Opening isn't actually until Nov. 3rd, but we got a hot tip from the folks at Savory Spice that they were open.  Since i have a mild obsession with cooking, baking, and all things kitchen, and we were in the area we ventured on over on a Sunday afternoon to check it out. Whisk is a great name for this shop, as it makes you think kitchen!  Whisk is locally owned and operated, and i love local. It is also located in the (i think the name) Waverly Place Shopping Center.  This use to be a abandoned run down mall with only a few shops.  Over the last year this place has been getting a serious face lift and looks great!  Nice to see it start to fill up with some fun shops and restaurants.I stole my husband's phone, as his takes better pictures than mine, and uploaded some of what you find there.  If it involves food and baking or entertaining chances are you will find it here.  I was especially excited to find baking emulsions, which are like flavor extracts on crack. They don't contain alcohol and their flavor does not bake out like extracts. I typically have to order these from the net, so i was glad to find them here!Prices are pretty comparable to other high end cooking stores, and their products look quality. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  They have an area for future classes and demonstrations.  Also offer emails with recipes and specials. If you are a serious, hobby, or just starting out cook/baker this is a  fun place for you to check out!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,2/25/2014,65,109,4,10,10>I've been going for Traditional Thai Massage with Chutikan Hoover every month since I discovered her in February, and I would happily travel 20 minutes each way to her old location off Falls of the Neuse. These massages are worth the drive. I have had so many massages from countless masseuses - Swedish, hot stone, deep tissue, foot, reflexology, etc from a variety of venues (Spa, Physio clinic, chair massage at the mall, you name it). None of them have made the impact that Thai massage has. Lucky for me - Sukho Thai Massage has just moved to a new space. It is less than 5 minutes away from my home, and is a HUGE upgrade! It's located on a quiet street, and walking up I see a beautiful wooden sign in both English and Thai. Stepping into the space, soft Thai music is playing, and I am struck by the beautiful and thoughtful touches in the furniture, art, and color scheme. It is an oasis of calm in the busy city. I took a quick tour of the building - she has rooms dedicated to Traditional Thai (mat on the floor), oil massage (regular massage table), Thai facials and reflexology. Each room has its own color scheme and art, and the majority of items come from Thailand. I popped into the bathroom and even that room is special. Beautiful wallpaper, traditional soap carvings and a wooden lamp.Now it is time to start. Before my massage, my feet are soaked in warm water, and then Chutikan rubs my feet with fresh lime. She wasn't able to offer this at her previous shared space and I thought it was a lovely touch. She said lime is commonly used in Thailand to cleanse and refresh both feet and hands.For those of you unfamiliar with Traditional Thai massage, it involves stretching, deep massage, and passive yoga. You wear loose comfortable clothes and lie on a mat on the floor. No oils are used. The masseuse puts you in a variety of yoga-like positions during the course of the massage, and it includes rhythmic pressing and stretching of the entire body. Typical Thai massage lasts 2 hours, and may include pulling fingers, toes, ears, cracking the knuckles, and walking on your back. In Thailand, massage, physio and chiropractic care is performed by Thai masseuses - not separated like they are here. After 2 foot massages in Thailand, the sprained ankle that had been bothering me for 18 months was healed, and my back felt immensely better after 4 full body massages. Upon returning to Raleigh, I searched for Thai massage and found Sukho Thai Massage. Woo hoo! I've been going to her since February and my knots are gone, along with the stabbing pain I would get after working at my desk all week. My posture is better too. She explains what she is doing and will not crack your back or walk on you without your approval, but I highly recommend it! Chutikan is the up-most professional and is passionate about providing healing to her clients. If I could rate her higher than 5 stars I would! Check out her website for current prices and new client specials. I adore your new space Chutikan! See you next month!
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,2/24/2014,96,131,9,11,10>It's just a T.K.O.  Out for the countMaple.Nut.Date.Bar, you knock me outWith a TKOTKO  *ding *ding *ding  Mmmmmmmmmmmm!By my judgement, the Maple.Nut.Date.Bar wins the Sugar Buzz battle that went down recently.  The other contenders (that I tasted) were their chocolate dipped coconut macaroon, red velvet cupcake, chocolate éclair, and another mini éclair-like pastry all of which were good, although not particularly memorable.  However, the taste of the maple nut date bar definitely is lingering in my mind, and I SHALL return to Sugar Buzz for a rematch!  I would also like to take on their lemon bar next time.Upon entering Sugar Buzz Bakery we were greeted by cheerful, friendly, busy, bakers.  I was pleased to collect my free bag of coffee grounds just for checking-in on yelp.  Although there is not a lot of seating, there seems to be enough to handle the occasional people like us that decide to stay and enjoy our spontaneous sweet treat sampling sesh.My Pics:*  The M.N.D.B.'s in the case:     yelp.com/biz_photos/suga…*  The contenders:     yelp.com/biz_photos/suga…
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,2/23/2014,118,144,4,9,5>The last time I visited the dentist, some sketchy office in Los Angeles  tried to scam me and  tried unsuccessfully to damage my gums. [Read the following in your best movie narrator voice:] In a world where you can't even trust dentists, Dr. Robert Ha and his wife stand tall for oral health, justice, and the American way.I arrived at the office early to fill out my paper work, and I was seen right around my appointment time. Everybody was very personable and friendly. Even though it was only a routine cleaning, I was afraid of a costly procedure because of the last dentist hurting my gums. Dr. Robert got to me pretty quickly and assuaged my fears. You can have complete faith in the integrity of this office. After I told him about my fear that my gums were damaged, he could have easily confirmed my fear and ordered a costly treatment. Instead, he told me that my gums looked fine and I have really good oral hygiene habits. He discovered that I do have one issue - I grind my teeth at night. He showed me the clear evidence for it, and first mentioned the OTC night guard before bringing up the one that his office offers. I didn't have to deal with any high pressure sales techniques, or extremely rude and aggressive sales people, unlike at the last office.My whole family comes here. My mom once asked about a teeth whitening treatment, but Dr. Robert told her that she'd probably be just as well off with an OTC treatment. Rest assured that you will never have a procedure suggested that is not absolutely necessary.5 stars - As far as I'm concerned, there is no other dentist I need to see while I'm in North Carolina. If you're looking for a dentist, look no further. I doubt there are any equals in terms of integrity, professionalism, and plain rock star awesomeness.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,2/22/2014,114,109,3,7,4>Solid coffee shop!I love trying out different cafes because they're all generally the same in what they offer, so they really have to try hard to set themselves apart from the next one.The Morning Times is in the heart of downtown Raleigh, so parking kind of sucks (i.e., $$$ and spots available) during the weekdays. I like their location, though, because you can get good coffee AND you have a bunch of restaurants all around you.There's outdoor seating and upstairs seating. (Limited seating downstairs). They have plenty of seats upstairs with outlets at every seat that's by the wall, and the room is filled with paintings, gallery-style. I've only ever gotten their iced vanilla lattes - the coffee is just strong and sweet enough. There's a HUGE difference between their small and medium sizes, but not in their prices, so I suggest getting a medium. They also offer food items besides the usual cafe drinks, as well as muffins and other pastries ... but based on other reviews, I'm assuming the food isn't as good as the coffee.Note to the hipster-haters: STAY AWAY.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/16/2013,2/21/2014,32,177,3,5,4>I like this place fine, but it's not the be-all, end-all of burger joints to me. The patties are smallish but flavorful and I do like the selection of toppings. The spicy beer mustard and the gruyere cheese are especially tasty. Their selection of fries is good and they come in a reasonable portion and at a reasonable price ($2-$3). They usually have about eight to ten of their beers on tap and they are usually pretty good. The pale ales tend to be too bland for me, but I've liked the rest. This is a place where either you go through the line and order, then sit at community picnic-like tables; or, you sit and order at the bar. I'd take the bar if possible, since the service tends to be swifter. Also, make sure you sign up for their e-mail list since you get a free burger during your birthday month. If you're ink-inclined, you can also get all kinds of freebies for getting a BCBB tattoo--I'm not sure why you would do that, but to each their own.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,2/20/2014,31,188,,8,5>After hearing about this place, we took a day trip to raleigh and checked it out. It was busy but not busy enough to have to wait for a table. That's good, cus we were hungry. When you walk in, it's like an upscale BBQ joint... You wouldn't think it worked, but it does We decided on the family style meal, base price 14.99 a person but depending on what you want, it can go up.Apps: deviled eggs and fried pimento cheese. We figured if a restaurant offers deviled eggs, it must be out of this world. It was deviled eggs, nothing fantabulous, actually a bit bland. Shrug. The friend pimento cheese came on a bed of some kind of sauce that was a thickened version of their 'English catsup' a vinegar red pepper condiment.  It was definitely a ball of fried pimento cheese. Definitely very rich and heavy.Entree: beef brisket and baby back ribs. I liked that it didn't have sauce drenched over the meat, you can adjust the amount to your palate. The brisket falls apart but when you chew it, it has a bit of toughness. Would be awesome in a sandwich I'm sure.  The baby back ribs were amazing, fall off the bone and good flavor. Their BBQ sauce was pretty good, not too vinegar-y but just enough to know its a Carolina sauce.Sides: Mac and cheese was cheesy and good. The kind you make in a casserole dish and bake. The red beans and rice was a bit flavorless. The odd thing was it seems like they make their rice with some mint, as I kept tasting a hint of mint with each bite of rice. Forgot to ask them about it, but it was a little odd. But maybe a purist with rice.Dessert: banana pudding. I'm gonna say, wasn't wowed by it. It took forever for the dessert to come out. It was mostly meringue, which had a bizarre burnt gas aftertaste. I suppose it wasn't as prominent when you ate it with the pudding and bananas. Yeah, I'd say, it was ok, not the best dessert, but we were stuffed from the meal to have more than a bite or two anyways.  Husband who is not a big dessert guy said he enjoyed it, but most like as it wasn't overly sweet.The best part was, I'm not sure if family style means all you can eat, but the waiter would periodically ask if we wanted more of anything. That's a nice touch. The type of old fashioned service that brings back regulars.  Overall, great place to bring a group that wants a lot of food!!!
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,2/19/2014,35,180,1,8,4>As others have stated, the restaurant is set up like a Korean Chipotle. You select rice or lettuce, five veggies, a protein, a sauce, and you have the option of adding a fried egg for $0.50 more. I haven't had too much experience with Korean food before, but I have had Bibimbap once before in a hot stone bowl at a more formal restaurant. That said, I was a little sad that having your meal heated would cost an additional $2 (but it does come with an egg at no additional charge). I decided to take the cold bowl and really, really enjoyed my dinner- despite expecting a hot meal.I built my bowl with brown rice, carrots, pickled carrot and radish, caramelized onion, cucumber, bean sprouts, spicy (uncooked) tofu, and Korean chili sauce. It was absolutely delicious and a hefty portion for only $8! I think I'd like to try a hot bowl on a later trip. I also feel like I could order a straight up bowl filled with the pickled carrot and radish, it was so tasty.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,2/18/2014,18,133,3,16,7>OK i am a Chinese native and i used to live in LA where is supposed to have the best Chinese food in the US and now 35 is officially my family's canteen when i don't want to cook and after all the blahblahblah, 35 is legit Chinese food, on par with what i had in LA. Well the food may be a little pricier , but their service and cleanness kick in to score extra points.Dishes you should get:1. Spicy pork intestine. First fried then stir-fried with tons of peppers, this is, if you ask any Chinese foodie, the best part of a pig, even better than pork belly. It is difficult to cook at home, mainly because you have to master the skills of cleaning it otherwise you are stuck with the unpleasant taste of SHIT (yes i mean it literally). They got this part right, and they season it right, and they are generous with the portion.2. Tea smoked duck. Authentic and spot on.  The smokiness from tea leaf is exquisite yet punching.3. Twice-cooked pork...duh.4. Fried duck with yuxiang sauce. This is not traditional Szechuan cuisine, and i have seen it in some other restaurant in SF so i would assume this is a novelty dish created by chefs here. But it is so damn good! Duck pieces are dipped in batter, fried in hot oil and later poured on with yuxiang sauce on serving. Yuxiang sauce is the essence of Szechuan cuisine and you have to try it yourself to see what it is like. I would say it's like a genius combination of mild spiciness, sweet and sour.5. Fish fillet and Tofu in red spicy oil. It is called Douhua Yu in Chinese (douhua means soft tofu and Yu means fish). Despite the name, the US version is not spicy at all. It just has this horrifying look to startle Americans. The success of this dish depends on the freshness of fish,  and in China it is cooked with freshly killed live fresh-water fish which is hard to find in the US so sometimes it may taste a little bit off.Servers here are mainly young Chinese students from nearby colleges and they speak very good English. And yes they are very nice, unlike those Cantonese servers in old Chinatown in SF or NYC.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,2/17/2014,39,190,3,6,3>Linda's is easily my favorite part of being a grad student in Chapel Hill.  Linda's isn't a fancy, uppity place to impress a date-- unless your date is like me, who enjoys cheep beer and the laid back bar scene.  If you're coming here expecting a culinary experience, you might be disappointed.  If you're looking for a chill place to drink a few beers and hang with your mates, you won't be disappointed.I'm biased because you simply can't go wrong with a place that serves tots of any sort, and because Linda's reminds me of home.  Beer specials and cheese fries after a long day of class?  Wings and sports?  Just need a quiet place to drink beer and vent about things?  It's kind of like Cheers up in here.  I love that you can show up in sweatpants (I know, how undergrad-gauche of me) and not feel underdressed or overdressed.  The clientele here is older, which is a nice change from some of the other places I've been on Franklin.  And yes, there are tots.  As well as good service.My caveat (other than being biased about places that remind me of Cambridge) is that I haven't had much actual food here yet.  Linda's does standard bar fare well, and while I haven't tried anything other than a grilled cheese (I know, still bar food) I have yet to be disappointed.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2010,8/6/2010,80,93,,4,3>I have been dying to go to this place for months ever since I looked at their brunch menu and saw CREME BRULEE FRENCH TOAST.  Finally made the drive out to Cary and upon first glance La Farm Bakery was not what I was expecting.  From the outside it looks super nondescript and is next to an ABC store, Caribou, and pizza place, but once you walk in you're transported into a little cozy, rustic shop that takes you back to a 19th century village in France.  Ok, not really, but it is definitely rustic!  So I of course ordered the french toast, but in a moment of weakness I asked the staff what they recommended: french toast vs. croque madame.  He said the croque madame was heavier and considering it was sweltering hot outside I was not feeling attracted to heavy food (not that french toast is exactly light fare either).  Verdict: the bread was definitely delish, but I didn't notice anything in the flavor that would make you think creme brulee.  However, it will definitely satisfy the sweet tooth.  I was also a little turned off by the plastic plate it came on, which sure made clean up easier, but took away from the dining experience, it's not like we were out in a park bbq'ing or picnicking.I really wanted to get some bread, but was worried about having it sit in a sauna of a car for a few hours....I only wish this place was closer.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2010,8/5/2010,117,315,3,5,3>I'm one of those people that typically eats late, normally around 8 pm for dinner, but this night I took it to a new extreme and attempted dinner around 10 pm on a Thursday night after a Durham Bulls game. Not many slow restaurants open  or serving around that time so I looked at Ron W's late night list and chose the Diner. I typically don't expect much from diners... but I was pleasantly surprised with the Diner. Cute 50's decor and an awesome covered outdoor space that overlooks Glenwood (great for people watching, especially drunkity drunk people people watching). The Diner has lots of unique twists on the typical diner menu options. I went with the veggie burger and fries (it's still Meatless May for a few more days) - it was surprisngly better than all the veggie burgers I've ordered out at regular restaurants. Just a step above really. I also tasted the sweet potatoe fries - YummO! I am now a fan and I HATE sweet potatoes. I think the Diner could be one of my late night go to pinch hitters.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2010,8/4/2010,12,71,,6,5>My wife and I went out on the "Capitol City East" tour, the longest of the choices at 2 hours. Their office is located right in City Market, park at the nearby pay lot. We arrived 15 minutes early as required, signed waivers, got fitted for a bike helmet, used the bathroom and got in line for orientation.It's a pretty significant orientation and they are very safety minded. You are not allowed to mount or dismount the Segway unless they are holding it. Start off with a very-chaperoned low-speed figure 8 in the large lobby, then head outside for some regular speed orientation in the parking lot. What they didn't mention was that the orientation (even for our small group of 6) took about 20 minutes. I felt very comfortable on the Segway, there was another person in our group that took a while to get to that point. These were the i2 Segways, where you tilt the handlebar to turn. I found them very natural to control, especially after the first 30 minutes. If you can ride a bike, you can ride a Segway, except that a Segway feels safer.Then it was off on a tour. The tour guide was extremely informative and fairly entertaining. Each person had a radio receiver and earpiece, which was a great way to listen. The tour guide, Matt, did an excellent job. He was knowledgeable about history, city planning, architecture, civil war themes, government, etc. He was pleasant to listen to and sounded like he cared, not droning.We covered a pretty good distance - I would estimate it at about 8 miles. We had 2 stops to rest and stretch your legs, and they even included a water bottle with the Segway, which I found thoughtful.The combination of the novelty of a Segway and a really good tour guide made this a great experience. We were smiling the whole way. At the end of the tour we had to pry the Segway out of my wife's hands.For the $65/person we paid, we got our money's worth. It was really fun and educational. I highly recommend it. I can't think of anything they could have done better.It sounds like they offer additional tours not listed on their website, for either special dates or for experienced (not first-time) riders. Give a call to their office (not the contracted ticket sales) and ask.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2010,8/3/2010,59,237,4,9,8>Bella Mia is the real deal folks.  It's the best pizza and wings I have had in the Triangle.  It may not suit all traditional american pizza/wing eaters, but it's only because they're on another level compared to other pizza joints.  Let me explain.The wings, oh, the wings.  Not your standard fried tough chicken wings with the spicy butter sauce to cover up the deep frozen funk.  Bella's wings are kind of a italian twist on traditional wings.  They are coal oven roasted (not fried) and basted in this aromatic blend of rosemary and lemon.  The smell coming off the plate hypnotized me as soon as it was sat down on the table.  Also included was a tasty slice of housemade bread/crust and caramelized onion.  The flavor was totally not what I was expecting and absolutely puts other wings to shame.The pizza here is also different.  If you look at the menu compared to other pizza joints, you'll notice the lack of topping options.  This is the traditional italian way.  Let the great ingredients and crust speak for themselves.  And boy did they ever speak to me.  We went with the 'Broadway' pie which consisted of tomato sauce, buffalo mozzarella, arugula, prosciutto, gran cru, and evoo.  The delicious crust was chewy in the center and perfectly crunchy around the edge.  Both the arugula (peppery/fresh) and prosciutto (very good quality) were added after the coal baking process which added great textures and flavor.  My wife and I split a pie, but I wanted the whole thing to myself.The space is very nice and surprisingly big.  It is definitely fancy enough for a nice date or casual enough for a quick bite.  The service was awesome and super friendly.  The manager/owner even stopped by to check on us and chat.  The wine and beer selection is great with lots of by the glass and draft choices.  We peaked at the dessert menu which had something called the bella nutella on it.  We have to get next time around because anything consisting of pizza crust and nutella has my name all over it.Color me impressed.  I am honestly scared how close this place is to my house.  I am sure to be a regular.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2010,8/2/2010,141,221,1,3,4>This place is actually really good... it's unique and the atmosphere is kinda eclectic.  It's funny because it used to be a quiznos, and the owner used to have the bldg as a franchise... he actually kept the oven and still had some of the sandwich wrap papers with the quiznos logo on it!!  The first time I went i got the inihaw special which was a piece of grilled chicken (very moist and flavorful) with some fried rice and some kind of pickled mango.  The second time I grabbed a sub... toasted and a bit reminiscent of a quiznos sub (but better and filipino)... very good prices for what you get.  I recommend you try this place if you're ever in Chapel Hill.also, fyi the sweet tea is good, but it has some type of spice in it and after drinking a glass I felt unusually hyper and happy.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2010,8/1/2010,19,95,2,3,4>It seems that all the Yelpers love Rock, Paper, Scissors. I followed my stylist Jenean, the owner, from her old digs in Chapel Hill. I love this salon. It just has a good vibe about it. The staff is friendly but not fake and the environs are eclectic and funky. But, let's talk about hair.Hair is a very personal thing and finding a great hairstylist is often a great quest, not undertaken lightly or you may end up looking like Frenchie from Grease (can you hear Frankie Avalon in the background, I digress). Jenean is great at styling my almost straight hair. When I first went to her I was growing it out from a really short cut for my wedding. She did exactly what I asked with a little flair after we discussed some options. Then in March, not long after RPS opened I went in to cut off all my long hair in hops that this would speed up time and make spring come on strong. I went for a mid-length cut that Jenean suggested after a discussion about if I was really ready for the summer do. The cut was great and next week I am going back for that summer cut. Woohoo! While I am there, I might have a beer and check out the art.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2010,7/31/2010,147,238,,6,5>I haven't been to a comic store in years - my dad and brother used to drag me into comic stores with them while I was growing up, but I really liked the fun vibe and large variety of products here. So, since my parents are in town, I'm taking them to places that I think they would enjoy.  This was the first stop on Franklin St.  It was definitely not the old hardcore comic store that you walk into and see a table of D&D in the corner - it was more like a store for eye candy that even entertained my mother with the stuffed selection of Uglydolls and stuffed parasites.  My dad made the comment that it took her back to her teaching years. Anyhow - the staff was friendly, it was very well organized and designed to throw you, the reader, into a variety of different things as you go row by row.  I ended up taking home a copy of "Pride, Prejudice and Zombies."
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2010,7/30/2010,50,82,,8,7>"It will take a lot to get me to go back again." - Well, it took a last minute decision to go out to dinner on Fathers Day to make that happen, and I'm happy we did it. We wanted something different, and came up short on options, except for 518, which was still serving and had a table available for us in the back (we showed up around 9pm).  I was a bit hesitant to go back, but thought, why not, I'm not expecting much anyway.  Being it was Fathers Day, I figured the kitchen had already turned out the best they had, and would rush our meal to get us out and call it a night.  Yep, I was wrong.Our waiter was great, friendly, helpful, not overbearing.  I ordered a nice bottle of wine, didn't try to up-sell, and came back to refill from time to time.  To me, a waiter doing that is the equivalent of you opening the door for your date: classy.I started with a small grilled pear salad.  Pear was still warm, the salad was fresh, and the honey-walnut vinaigrette had the right  balance that kept it from being overbearingly sweet.For my entree, I stuck with an old faithful: chicken parmesan, figuring it was a safe dish.  It came out great, and made kind of regretted going with safe after that.  My wife had the whole wheat pasta, also excellent, not overcooked, and the sauce on it was fantastic.Lesson learned here.  Be willing to give someone a second shot (maybe not a third) because sometimes you will be pleasantly surprised.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2010,7/29/2010,31,312,1,8,7>A wonderful facility raising awareness, research, and interest in these critically endangered and charismatic creatures.I have only been in the winter, but I hope to go in the summer when they are free-roaming through the open facility.  The new enclosure spaces should be open soon and they promise to be great for both the inhabitants' comfort and for ease of viewing by visitors.My personal favorite is the "banana on stilts", more commonly known as the slender loris.  This one is in the nocturnal house, so you will have be a bit patient and diligent to spot this fascinating creature.If you get Keith as your guide, he is seriously the best and you will be wildly impressed!I hear that even big time movie stars have come for a visit...
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2010,7/28/2010,40,131,4,9,8>In Eastern Wake County, one would think there is a prohibition in force against real butchers and delis. Try finding one. DaVinci's proudly breaks the law and monopolizes this market. With them around, you don't have to look any further.As much as I would like to disagree (LOL!) with all of the other reviewers, I can't even try. So, please bear with me as I describe why this small store with a giant sign deserves at least 5 stars: 1-Location: Eastern Wake County where no other butcher or deli dares to tread. 2-The Entry Aroma: It just smells damn good with a hint of meat, breads and herbs. 3- Size: It is small so you get noticed, greeted and served very professionally. 4- Selection: Top quality meats, some essential Fresh seafood, Boars Head cold cuts, real Italian bread, pastas, canned tomatoes, oils etc... 5- Meat Slicing: This is the first place in all of NC where, without asking, the cold cut meats were sliced properly thin. There's more... My recent visit was a weekday mid afternoon while the place was quiet. It was truly surprising to open the door, enter and find a small store. It is very tastefully decorated,  (no pun intended) well organized, and their selection is great. There is a beautifully stocked butcher case which had many items that caught my eye: pork and veal for scaloppini, a French cut rack of lamb, homemade sausage, wild caught salmon, large fresh shrimp. All of the meats are presented with care and neatly organized. There is obviously a good butcher in the house. A delicious looking selection of salads included a very notable German potato salad. But, I was here on a mission for a sub.I probably chose their most popular Italian sub, which included ham, salami provolone, and roasted red peppers on their Italian loaf of bread. While the construction was taking place, I walked about to view their other refrigerated cases with salamis, cheeses, ravioli, prepared meals, etc... Then I saw their bread by the front door. This late in the afternoon and there was still one loaf left. That one became mine! I paid for my sub and loaf and was off. It was at home where I discovered a sight that brought me tears of joy. I was the proud father of a bouncing baby Italian sub bursting with almost paper thin sliced meats and cheese wrapped in firm, fresh, dense, chewy Italian bread. The eating experience was one I took slowly to savor each chewy flavorful bite. It was outstanding and ranks up there with almost any place in NY/NJ. Thanks for the trip home, if even for a few minutes, DaVinci's.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,1/23/2012,21,60,11,8,6>What's 5K and kicks your butt?  Anyone? Anyone?  Buehler?(Sorry, couldn't help it.)Seriously, though, this is a great little trail run - a wide, graveled trail around some fancy Duke faculty golf course.  (The trail, however, is totally open to the public, you need not be some fancy faculty-type, or even a student for that matter.)  But despite encircling a golf course, the trail itself is mostly wooded - there are really only a few places where you hit expanses where you even notice the golf course - perfect for keeping the illusion that you're out running in the woods.  Fortunately the trails stay to the left of the holes, so it's unlikely that anybody's going to slice onto the trail.It's increasingly crowded during good weather - including cyclocross bikers zipping around (be mindful if you're running / walking!)  But even then, you'll see precious few other people.  (Again, keeps the illusion that you're in the woods.)This trail has some serious hills, though - slow your pace a bit as it can easily kick your butt if you want it to.  But it will also get your puny Midwestern self used to running hills.  (Oh, is that just me?  Well, then.)As has been mentioned, the big negative here is the occasional odor, but otherwise a very nice run.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,1/22/2012,44,284,3,6,4>Pet grooming is ridiculously expensive.  My idea of washing (others may call it bathing, I call it washing) the dog is spraying it with a hose as it runs around dodging all the water.  It costs less to wash myself for a whole month than one visit to the groomer for our shedding machine.  So in preparation for a long road-trip and to prevent my complaining that the dog smells like dog, we searched high and wide for a self-wash.  I heard about a pet washing machine, but Kristin thought that was a little cruel, so we finally landed on Unleashed.  It was far better than I had expected.  The wash is in the back of the store.  They have a step-up sink/tub and enough room for a moderately large pet.  It took some coaxing for our dog to go up the steps and into the tub, but when we finally got him in it was ez-breezy.  They have a ton of soaps and tools available for you to use.  The soaps that they make available are the good stuff. .. natural soaps for the most sensitive dog.  Still a little pricey for a self wash at $15, but it's probably better than most I've ever seen.  They only have room for one tub, so there could be a wait.5 stars for a great pet wash.  So long as we live in an apartment, we'll be back.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2011,1/21/2012,97,336,,7,5>We went here late at night shortly before closing, and I must say, I enjoyed the experience.  The staff was very friendly as we were greeted as we walked in, and meet the chef also.  The place is on the "cozy" side, but it is not bad.  One of the first things I noticed was the fresh table linens that they changed after every customer.  Only the really nice places that I have been to still do that.  Plus they still have cloth napkins that they roll up into a design instead of just wrapping your flatware in a paper towel like many of the other restaurants still do.    The food dishes names on the menu are in Spanish, but the description is in English, so you should not have a problem trying to figure out what to order.  Now, let me say, just because you have been to several other Spanish, or Mexican restaurants you think you know what to expect, and how the food will taste.  That is not true.  This is Peruvian food, not Mexican, or regular Spanish food.  Just like Carolina cooking is different from California or NY, so are different Hispanic restaurants.  Like many other places serve bread or peanuts as a warm up, so do they, except they serve roasted corn.  Basically, the easiest way for me to describe it is some large corn kernels were dried out, and then stuck in the oven for a while on low heat.  Not enough to turn them into popcorn, but enough to heat them up.  They taste like dried up popcorn to me, but I know other Peruvians who can't get enough of them, and they are not half bad, so try them.  Now Liz S. had the Aji de Gallina, and I ordered the Seco de Carne.  The presentation was done nicely with the foods that were ordered.  They really do try hard to make everything visually appealing.  If you want to know how the Aji de Gallina tasted, then you have to read the review that Liz S. left, which can be found at yelp.com/biz/machupicchu….  (I hope that link works)  Now, the Seco de Carne was very good.  The meat was tender, and the sauce was perfect.  It was one meal that I did enjoy, and I ate all of it.  For the drink, I did like the Chicha Morada.  Even though some might think it was a bit too sweet, since I am Southern, you know we like stuff sweet.  (Sweet Tea)  Like I said, the staff was very friendly, and I would go back.  I do think they could lower the prices on a few items, but I guess you have to pay for good food of good quality.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2011,1/20/2012,59,237,1,13,8>Wow, I can't believe I haven't reviewed DTC yet.  This is hands down my favorite restaurant in Downtown Raleigh and maybe the Triangle.  Sure it's Mexican style food that to often can be Americanized and boring, but the chef here does a fabulous job elevating flavor combos in ways I haven't tasted before.  In addition, DTC is not afraid to make something spicy.  So many restaurants lower the heat level of classically spicy ethnic dishes to appease a broader clientele, but not here.  While I haven't had my doors blown off, I am always pleasantly surprised with a good burn after appropriate dishes and cocktails (the habanero infused tequila is amazing).  Lunch has eluded me so far, but the multiple dinners and brunches have always been fantastic.  My standout favorite meal has got to be brunch with the latest venture consisting of:Chips and Guacamole- Lets get something straight.  Many have complained on yelp about the fact that DTC charges for chips and salsa/gauc.  These aren't premade chips and jar salsa.  Everything is freshly made, delicious, and worth the couple bucks they charge.  Best gauc around.Calentado with Steak- Rice and beans topped with fall apart tender steak and perfectly fried plantains/egg.  This will make your day, seriously.Chilaquiles - I have no clue what naughty things they put in the salsa verde, but it is some of the best sauce I have ever had on anything (mexican or otherwise).Palomita and Bloody Maria (super spicy)- DTC knows cocktails and they don't mess around.  House infused liquors, fresh squeezed juices, high quality bitters, etc.I could go on and on.  Love this place!  Icing on the cake is the sidewalk seating out front that makes for great people watching on one of Raleigh's busier streets.Simplemente buena!
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2011,1/19/2012,64,257,4,4,5>I don't usually see movies in the theater, but the prospect of enjoying the newest Sherlock Holmes flick with friends and beer pulled me away from my Netflix and into a cinema. First impression: Totally retro-cool with all mod cons. This theater completely reminds me of the one where I saw Return of the Jedi as a kid (yes, I saw it in the theater; no, it wasn't a re-release! Now go get Grandma here a writin-stick so she can review). Velvet curtains, non-stadium seating, WIDE aisles between seats -- no stranger's-rear-on-back-of-your-head incidents here! -- and a good sound system but not one that leaves my ears ringing for days after and allows you to overhear the movie from next door. Also, beer! Did I mention beer? Because there's beer! Local and big-brew pints can be enjoyed along with their popcorn, which tastes like popcorn and not a crunchy salt lick (though I'd have liked mine to be a little warmer); soda is also available if you prefer and their fairly decent concession pricing also offers refills on soda and popcorn for seventy-five cents. The picture and sound quality were perfectly fine in my opinion, and the extra pleasure of not having my knees wedged up against the back of someone's chair or having someone else's knees pushing me forward more than makes up for any lack of SuperAwesomeSoundtasticSystem booming like one gets at large chain cinemas (Regal with your seat-vibrating bass, I'm looking at you!). I have to say that a comfortable seat really adds something to the movie-going experience, and beer doesn't hurt, either! Between fair prices for tickets and food, roomy interiors and pleasant staff, we'll definitely be heading to Mission Valley next time we go out to a movie!
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,1/18/2012,45,521,4,5,3>So I was in downtown Raleigh, feeling rather good about things. The weather was a perfect 70 degrees, I had the sunroof open and the windows down in the Porsche, I was sporting my best suit and wondering where I'd like to go for lunch. Serendipitously, A little "pop-up" on my phone reminded me of a meeting I had at 1, which turned my relaxed lunch plans into a "hit and run" to-go operation. Not quite knowing what to do, I glanced up and saw Snoopy's. And at that moment, Johnny Cash's "Folsom Prison Blues" popped up on my iTunes playlist, and something seemed a bit cosmic about this alignment. So I wheeled in and decided to give it a try.I've eaten at some of the finest restaurants in the world, and I rarely get stumped by the service staff. But when the woman asked me if I wanted "mustard with my slaw", I felt a bit like someone handed me a screwdriver and a tube of toothpaste and asked me to go chop down some trees. Trying to maintain what little bit of dignity I had left, I uttered "yes" (that does make me look like a local, right?) and wondered what exactly was coming my way.That little thing squirming in the corner of my room? That's my thyroid having spasms from the sweet tea - rich in both sugar and caffeine and unapologetically southern.The hamburger. Oh lord, this is what hamburgers are supposed to be; dripping in its own fatty goodness and covered in some slaw-mustard concoction. It was so good that anything I saw that afternoon remotely yellowish in color was making me salivate.And the french fries. Either they're cooked in good old-fashioned trans-fats, or they've found the world's greatest substitute. I normally look for ketchup to dip my fries in, but their own inherent flavor was enough to have me scrounging around the bottom of the bag making sure I had devoured every last one.So it wasn't quite the high-browed lunch I had imagined, and I'll be relegating myself to a bag of spinach for the next week to offset the health ill-effects. But was it worth it?Hell yes, it was!
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2011,1/17/2012,96,25,14,5,9>To Whom it May Concern:Any bar that consistently gives me amazingly awful hangovers is fantastic in my book.  The beer is really good and they have plenty of activities to keep you preoccupied as to how many you are drinking throughout the night which apparently is a problem for me.  I can sum up a visit to Big Boss Brewery in 5 simple words"  "Call a cab."Also Noteworthy: I can't countLove Always,JonP.S.  Yelp reviews will no longer be accepted in letter form.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2011,1/16/2012,62,167,4,12,6>Hot dogs from Spartacus? Well, I've found Greek-made chili is the best for hot dogs, and Jimmy's Famous Hot Dogs is no exception. The chili really is the star here with slaw being the leading lady. The location is the former JJ Fish joint, which I didn't care much for; but years ago, it was Hazel's Hot Dogs, so it's good to see the building return to its earlier purpose. Jimmy's is co-owned by Spartacus owner Nondas Kalfas.I had two of the Jimmy's Famous dogs, which means they come with more than just ketchup and mustard. Burgers and wings are also on the menu. I'll be trying those later.The hot dogs were very good. As I mentioned, the chili is really great. It's quite full of flavor, but it tends to fall off the hot dogs. That's probably remedied when  purchased to go because the dogs are wrapped. For eat-in, they aren't wrapped. The slaw was a nice compliment, and the onions were well-chopped, not the bitter, mashed mess that onions from some hot dog vendors can be. I think the dogs would be better if the buns were steamed; steaming buns seems to help keep the toppings in place--especially if the bun is a little dry. I visited on their opening day, at about 4:30 in the afternoon, thinking I might beat the rush, but it was swamped. Lots of people had already ordered and were waiting for their food. It seems the orders are taken pretty efficiently, but the kitchen has a little refining to do to keep up with that kind of demand. The wait was rather long, but the sense of excitement among the customers made it not so bad.The Carolina hot dog seems to be a vanishing breed, so I was thrilled to find a new hot dog stand in town. I have great hopes for this place. In Arnold's famous words, "I'll be back."
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,1/15/2012,26,102,1,8,6>We had an absolutely sublime dining experience at Fearrington House last night. The atmosphere was elegant without being stuffy, the food imaginative and beautifully presented, the waitstaff attentive and friendly without crowding you.We had the option of three or four courses and went with four (why wouldn't you, for the sake of $10?). Every dish was a work of art and a harmonious blend of flavors. My first course, which was also my favorite, was probably the simplest dish I had, but what freshness and such an interesting, balanced composition of flavors. It involved asparagus, golden beets, cured lomu ham, chervil, honey, parmesan, hazelnuts and probably a couple other things. It was both delicious and refreshing, and I'll probably try to replicate its essence via my own humble salad in the near future.  My other courses were tremendous too - fried soft shell crab with watermelon and a curry sauce; trout with saffron gnocchi, sabayon sauce, an eggplant puree and pine nuts; and a deconstructed Eton mess.Meanwhile, Joel was a fan of every dish he ordered, though I think his dessert - chocolate souffle with a warm chocolate sauce - was the one he'll rave about for weeks to come.And of course there were all the nice touches that come with high-end dining: an amuse bouche of a scallop served with an apricot foam and toasted cumin was a yummy way to start the evening, and the petit fours at the conclusion certainly weren't needed but were varied and interesting.I would highly, highly recommend this place for special occasions or when you feel like a splurge - say, on a random Friday night, or just because.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,1/14/2012,264,1065,5,7,5>Milkshakes!  Cook-Out is all about the Milkshakes:  lots of them too:  ones with chocolate or berries or cheesecake or basically whatever you may desire.  I went with an Oreo Mint milkshake:  its the epic combination of two awesome things into one super-awesome thing. The mint is the primary driving force early into the shake, with some pieces of Oreo arriving via straw.   You can get the Oreo out via spoon, but the fun is waiting until the end and grabbing it all in one giant glob.    All in all, excellent.The food is decent too.  Fast food quality, and with multiple sides for a decent price.  An absolute treat when you're looking for a treat for yourself or friends :) .
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2010,8/17/2010,39,60,1,15,11>5-plus stars for Market, this place nails everything a foodie desires right on the head. The decor and atmosphere are very welcoming with soft colors, and a chalkboard that highlights the daily specials. Its not too big and had a great bar, with the entire sitting area looking into the kitchen. A garage door opens to the patio with outdoor seating and a view of Mordecai park.Now to the fresh, flavorful and local food. I ordered the Cilantro Lime Chicken with braised white beans. The chicken breast was large, juicy, and had just enough flavor, and the white beans were very tasty. My wife ordered the Agave Nectar fresh catch of the day, which was Mahi Mahi. The fish was a good portion, and was served on cucumber noodles, and topped with spiced, pickled, carrots. Very tasty.We usually pass on dessert, but the Avocado and Coconut Gelato enticed us, and it did not disappoint. It was in a word, refreshing. Served in a large martini glass and freshly made and not frozen solid, it had a deep flavor of avocado and coconut, and I was pleasantly surprised that it was not overly sweet. The service was great in the newly opened joint, and they seemed to genuinely care about your opinion on the food, and were very attentive. They had interesting special drinks, a good bottled beer selection, and a refreshing Sangria.We will be back, and will be telling everyone we know to check it out as well.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2010,8/16/2010,53,148,3,7,5>What would I do without this place?It is THE best asian grocery in the area by a country mile.  Lots of fresh produce, seafood, and meat plus tons of dried goods from abroad.  Whatever it is you need, you'll likely be able to find there.The bonus - the food counter.  Lots of prepared foods as well as cooked-to-order items.  I'm a big fan of the boxed lunches and the buns.  Everything is authentic in taste.  I only wish they had more locations in the Triangle.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2010,8/15/2010,19,73,3,5,4>The Hot Point is halfway between my office and home, so is a completely hidden but delicious place to meet for lunch.  I had been to the North Hills version a few years ago, but the Raleigh original (or cousin? I don't know the story...) is much more authentic and tastier.The menu runs the gamut from salads to sandwiches to burritos to pizzas.  I have tried the salads (which are HUGE!) and the sandwiches (some are HUGE).  Here's the problem with Hot Point, as evidenced by my two sandwich experiences: 1. The Spicy Pork was, in fact, SPICY.  It had this amazing sweet/spicy sauce that I sparingly put on my sandwich.  Halfway through, I was overcome...but the sandwich was so delicious that I couldn't stop eating it.  2. The portabella/grilled vegetable sandwich on ciabatta was HUGE.  So huge that I probably only needed to eat half.  But, the sandwich was so delicious that I couldn't stop eating it.  So, if you'd like to have "problems" related to a large or spicy sandwich that is too delicious to stop eating, the Hot Point Cafe is a great place for you.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,8/14/2010,38,237,3,6,3>I. Love. Q-Shack.As mentioned in other reviews - this place has a variety of BBQ styles, not just NC. So it's really easy for everyone to find something they like here. I usually get the Pork Butt sandwich. When you slap some of that vinegar based sauce on it - prepare to get messy! The pork is tender, but still has just the right amount of chew in it. I am not really into ribs or chicken wings, but my fiance thinks they are the BEST here. As you may know from my other reviews, I am also highly critical of french fries. While the fries here won't blow you away, they are pretty good with a nice seasoning. They get a thumbs up from me. I approve. I also am a fan of the mac and cheese. It's not really creamy, it's a little more cheesy, but they use onions.So yeah, it's good. But why is it 5 stars?1.) It's an insane value. My fiance and I go there and leave super full for under $20 total.2.) FOUNTAIN CHEERWINE, PEOPLE. It's so delicious. It might sound crazy, but it's one of my favorite things (for those who don't know, Cheerwine is a cherry soda from North Carolina). It might be one of the reasons why we moved to NC. Might be.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2010,8/13/2010,48,70,,4,4>I stumbled upon Bu-Ku while driving around downtown Raleigh looking for an after dinner drinks spot that wasn't filled to the hilt with loud music and 20-somethings being frisked at the door. Bu-Ku looked trendy and inviting from the outside and we were not disappointed.The bar had the perfect mood lighting, and a DJ playing great music that didn't overwhelm your ability to have a conversation. The base of the bar is made out of beautiful stone and a wall of water, lit from below, cascades behind the liquor section of the bar. There are plenty of tables in the bar, both high and low with cool little flickering light type thingys. (Great description I know.) The service was very attentive and friendly, and I like a bar where you can sit at tables and get served on the weekend and not have to get up and fight at the bar to get your own drinks. The bathrooms were also very nice and clean and filled with all those extra goodies - wrapped peppermints and various types of smelly lotions. So when you go back out to your date you can smell good and be ready for a kiss.The drink menu is filled with unique specialty drinks. My friend and I both had the Rue Eden - a mix of light run, pineapple juice, basil and soda. Very tasty, although heavy on the basil so you have to be a fan of the herb.Bu-Ku has a cool website and looks to vary between DJs and live music in the evenings.After seeing the reviews here I will definitely be going back for the "Global Street Food" at dinner, but in the meantime I definitely recommend this trendy spot for cocktail hour and drinks.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2010,8/12/2010,152,261,1,9,6>Casalinga is like an Italian granny's kitchen - comfy, authentic food. I went with my friend who grew up on Italian cuisine. I had the rigatoni and I believe she had the carbonara. Both were absolutely delicious. The first bite of the rigatoni was like an olive oil & garlic & yumminess confection - I was sold.The atmosphere is dark yet unintimidating. It's place you can bring kids as well as an excellent date spot. Clientele was casual, convival. The host was this really jolly and tan Italian dude. Felt just like Rome!-1 star because the waiter was a little too over eager. Constantly checking up on us unnecessarily.Verdict: I usually don't go out for Italian because it's not very exotic. However, Casalinga is an exception. If you're a fan of Italian food and finding the best meals in unexpected places, you should check this place out!
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2010,8/11/2010,169,170,5,10,7>Isaac Hunters has a picturesque spot on Fayetteville Street. If I had a downtown job, I would probably come here after work and my wife would probably get used to "Yes, dear I am working late again". Actually, my wife is awesome and would probably come join me.They have the usual assortment of liquors and good selection of beer. They also have regular daily specials so check the website or menu before you order. There is a shuffleboard table that I have yet to try but I think would be a lot of fun. Another interesting thing that I saw was a giant glass jar of pineapple infused vodka (or is it vodka infused pineapple?). Either way, I'm definitely trying that next time if they still have it! Most of the bartenders are quite friendly and attentive.This place rocks an historical theme that takes me back to the 1700s (oh... those were the days). The original "Isaac Hunter's Tavern" was an old wooden barn where state officials met to discuss where to move the state capital. Eventually, the state officials decided to move the capital from New Bern to Raleigh. This bit of history was gleamed from the bar's website and made me feel smarter (thanks website!). The nod to our state's history is a nice touch but there are plenty of other great things about this bar that will keep me coming back.There's a nice long polished wooden bar with plenty of seating. There are also some tables and a couch for those that don't want to sit at the bar. The walls have some exposed brick, and on the walls are some interesting artwork.During my last visit to Isaac Hunter's Tavern I partook in a flavor tripping party that was "coincidentally" on 4/20. I've heard of flavor tripping but this is the first time that I heard about it in Raleigh so I had to try it. For those of you who are unaware, "Flavor Tripping" parties are completely legal and legit. This bar purchased "Miracle Berries" which were served to guests alongside an assortment of food. The berries temporarily alter your taste buds so you get a very interesting effect when you try different foods. This probably isn't going to be a regular thing but keep an eye out for it.Do take note that Isaac Hunter's doesn't serve food so they are required to be a member's only club. I think membership is free so don't let that deter you.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2010,8/9/2010,175,190,2,9,5>Brit and I showed up here with friends in tow this past Friday and stumbled across quite a few of my coworkers.  Darn, I thought I'd found my own personal oasis.  It takes a little bit to actually locate the front door.  So helpful note-Turn Left at the Texaco (if you're coming from 540/70) continue past the first set of shops on the right and pull into the gravel parking lot just past the trees.  The semi's block the view of half of the parking lot so feel free to continue past as the front door is around the side of the loading dock.So now that the logistics are over...moving on to what we came to do.  Sample some beer.  Currently the Deadeye Jack Porter is the "seasonal" brew.  To me it is a bit darker but with the same flavor profile of their Sweet Josie Brown Ale.  Obviously both favor their own style-Brown vs Porter.  Being a big fan of Browns and Dark beers I had to relinquish my want to quaff many a pint and instead stuck to the Shotgun Betty-a great tasting wheat beer with the fruity spiced notes you expect from a classy Hefeweizen.  I also had my share of their Peacemaker, a rich hoppy pale ale.  Their lighter beers are lower in ABV than their darks, but they still pack a decent punch. The pints are 3.00 each and were poured to us by the Ex-NYer Jackie.  She works for tips, so don't be stingy.  I wanted to get a Growler but as this was a pre-game event for the evening I was unable to.  The pricing on them is 13.00 for the growler and 9.00 for refills.  Not bad for 64oz of some delectable fermented beverages brewed not 5 miles from my humble abode.  I will definitely be back as it has almost everything I'm looking for - Close proximity to the house and great beverages.  Now if it only had AC, the NFL package (well any TV for that matter with access to ESPN would be just as good) and some food I'd take up permanent residence.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2010,8/8/2010,108,135,,4,3>I'm lucky enough that I'm in walking distance of the consistently best pizza I've ever had. We just call-in, walk over, grab a Capital Creations pie and six pack from the corner store and it's instant 'pizza and beer' night.Question: But what's the bonus for those that don't live around the corner?Answer: FRESH INGREDIENTS AND INSPIRED FLAVORS.Seriously, the vegetarian pies alone register all over the culinary map. Sweet (Cool Summer Pie), Spicy (Veggie Burrito) Cheesy, Creamy - (Tres Fromages) and abundant variations of pungent and savory mediterranean flavors. And, I repeat - that's just the vegetarian pie options!And yes, these pizzas aren't made for the young'uns' to decimate post-scoccer practice. Get a pie and have a few slices with your honey. Have some salad and a beer or glass of wine and enjoy the inspired creations this great local pizza place has to offer.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2010,8/7/2010,30,24,9,7,5>Finally, a place on this side of town to get fast REAL mexican food. I have friends that kept telling me, " you have to go to Chubby's", and I just kept putting it off.  At last, a coupon appeared so I figure, time to try it. First off, this place is in a small strip mall that is known for great restaurants. W. 94th st pub, Pulcinella's italian, and Bandado's are all in this shopping center. Chubby's isn't much to look at but most of the best places like this aren't. It makes up for it with it's amazing food. I couldn't decide what to get so I decided to try a few different kinds of tacos( only $2 a piece), and that was way more than I could eat. These arent small like Moe's or taco bell. These were like the ones you get in a real mexican restaurant. While waiting for my order, I saw what appeared to be a man changing his baby on a table near by. At a closer look, I realized that it was a massive burrito. I can't wait to try one of those but it will have to wait until next time, 5 tacos on the way. Each taco was so big, it took 2 soft tortillas to hold everything in. They were also topped with fresh cilantro...nice touch. I also made it a combo and got a generous portion of beans and rice. Everything was GREAT!Today, there are so many options for burritos, tacos, ect, it's hard to decide. Most just settle for whats popular, like Moe's or Chipotle. If you like either of those places and live anywhere near the Southpoint area, I think you should give Chubby's a try. I bet you won't go back to Moe's or Chipotle again. I know I wont.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,5/10/2014,53,110,1,11,4>Of course it'd be our 5 year anniversary to finally make my first trip to Lantern after 4 years of living in Chapel Hill.   Definitely worth the wait.   Came in around 6:15 on a Monday without reservations and quickly seated.  Would recommend making reservations if you plan to come around 7:30 because the place quickly filled.  Mimi started by ordering the Junebug cocktail, which was quite the experience itself.  Equal parts sweet, sour and floral.  We next chose 3 different appetizers, the pork dumplings, salty shrimp and spicy pork wontons.  If we stopped here, my rating might've come to 3 stars.  The dumplings and wontons packed a good punch but at the end of the day, didn't blow me away compared to what I'd get at a regular chinese restaurant at a fraction of the cost.  The shrimp were strange in that they were fried with the shell on, for an experience similar to soft shell crab, but the texture was kind of off-putting.  So here is how we come to 5 stars..Our two entrees may have been the best 2 entrees I have ever had.  Easily the best in recent memory.  I ordered the ribeye and Mimi had the miso glazed cod.  We both agreed the cod was the best seafood dish either of us had tried.  The ribeye was a beautiful rare and incredibly well-seasoned.  And the sides with the ribeye nearly stole the show, with a delicious fried spinach and ridiculously flavorful roasted onions.  I think I can still feel it on my taste buds 1 day later.  For dessert, we shared a chocolate lava cake with ice cream, which had a perfectly executed ooey gooeyness.  At the end of the day, any lingering "meh" feelings from the appetizer had washed away.  Prices are essentially in line with all the high end restaurants.  Expect to pay $30 for your entree, about $10 for appetizers and $9 for a dessert.  Everything else, from service to ambiance, was perfectly fine and what you'd expect.  Hopefully I'll return soon to order some more entrees and recreate that magic.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,5/9/2014,41,76,,11,2>I've been to The Rockford twice now and it's a beautiful tucked away little establishment with savory options. Both times I went, I had the Turkey and Avocado sandwich that is to die for! Also, I ordered a gin and tonic to go with my meal; it's a typical favorite of mine, and although it's nothing special or creative related to the restaurant/bar, it still added in a positive way for me. One thing to note is there isn't real big signs that mark the restaurant on the street. The owner specifically does this for the few restaurants that he owns in Downtown Raleigh. I think it's a creative idea and it definitely doesn't stop people from going to his places either. When you walk in the door off the street, you're immediately greeted with a staircase, so if you need some walking assistance or have trouble walking up some steps, please be aware of this or ask for help -- everyone is incredibly helpful!  The ambiance is incredible -- lots of windows on the 2nd floor restaurant so on a pretty day, it's very well lit. During the evening hours, with all the windows, you can see the neon lights from the adjacent bars, restaurants across the street and just is nice to see all the nightlife around! Most definitely will be going there again as my friends and I have talked about The Rockford just this past week!
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,5/8/2014,304,71,4,8,13>Find the 1912 photograph of the Depression-era newspaper delivery boys, which spans a twenty foot wall at the entrance to the bar. Look closer. Notice anything?Rumor has it that the boy winking in the center of the photograph mysteriously died inside the Raleigh Times building one night. Some even believe his death gives the building an eerie, haunted atmosphere and swear of unusual activity; others ponder the story's enigmatic yet unauthenticated narrative. Still, there are those who simply joke that the story of the boy's death is a work of fiction, encouraging credence of phantom spirits.Who knows. *shrugs* Believe what you want to believe. But, it sure does make a great story over cocktails and drinks.The Raleigh Times Bar has been considered by some as the city's "timeless local watering hole." Located on E Hargett Street, it is housed in a building constructed in 1906 and served as the headquarters for the once thriving newspapers, the Raleigh Times and the Evening Times. The interior gives The Raleigh Times bar character; old press clippings and memorable photographs adorn the walls and illustrate the distinctively rich cultural history of Raleigh, NC. This iconic bar also serves as the catalyst for Raleigh natives to pay sentimental veneration to our city's past.Over the years, Raleigh Times has expanded into the adjacent storefronts, creating a unique layout and vibe. Each room has their own bar and tables and does a fabulous job of balancing the historic feel of the building with the modern additions. There is also an upstairs area with a rooftop patio overlooking the corner of Wilmington and Hargett streets; it's perfect for people watching, if you're into that kinda thing.Personally, I don't frequent Raleigh Times for their food. For the most part, the menu is just okay which is why Raleigh Times only receives 4 stars. If you do choose to order something, though, the pork nachos is the way to go. On the other hand, Raleigh Times does have an extensive beer menu featuring several local N.C. beers.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,5/7/2014,111,277,,9,5>Delicious sushi. Everyone told me I should try sushi thai last time I lived here but I never made it by. I wish I had. They make really good sushi. I took my kids here and they loved it. I had to get the lobster bomb as the pictures look amazing. It was really good and even at $18 its a good deal for a whole lobster tail and another roll. They make a perfect spider roll, perfectly crispy and the presentation is just how it should be(looks like a tarantula is crawling out of it). The spicy tuna was good but the sauce on it was different than I'm used to. Beauty  and the beast was cool. It's basically two rolls, one with tuna and one with eel(pretty cheap too). I don't care much for cream cheese on my rolls but it was the kids order and it was still good. Service was great. Our server was very friendly and explained a lot. I had to complement them on their avocado. I'm from CA and out there we take our delicious, cheap, perfectly ripe avocados for granted. I've had several items with avocados at other restaurants in the triangle and more often than not they are hard or brown. Not here though, here they were perfect. He thanked me and said that they take a lot of care in getting good avocados and making sure they are ripe before serving them. I'm glad I found a good sushi spot in Cary. I'll be back, Maybe sometime I'll try the thai...
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,5/6/2014,50,100,3,5,4>So far this place is all right with me. It maintains the same look as the old over the falls deli with New York twist on art. This is a seat yourself place with full service. So we began our adventure with the fried calamari which was pleasant but a bit over seasoned. I really loved the fresh marinara and an added bonus was the freshly baked bread. Now for those who love bread with warm butter this is truly a hit. I however prefer my butter cold.Next, I ordered the penne ala vodka Jersey style and wow step aside pizza. Hello to my new favorite place for pasta. The pasta was made with home made sauce and graced with sundried tomatoes. If that is not enough the is wonderful patches of fresh mozzarella melted throughout the dish. To finalize my adventure my wife enjoyed an amazing New York style meat lovers pizza. So what do I have to say to that? Step aside Sergio's you have competition and the competition is better!
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,5/5/2014,8,158,5,8,5>If you use yelp for directions. Don't give up. This place is seriously tucked away into the back. Pursue and you will be rewarded.You might mistake the place for an old garden shed. And that is if you happen to rely on your smartphone to get you there. The phone gal/guy says arrived. You look around. There is a gallery. And a shed looking building. Drive around the horseshoe. look to the building away from the road. Yes, the nondescript one.PARK and run inside for the knock out combo of FANTASTIC dessert and smooth coffee created with care and precision.I imagine in the summer, it is easy to chill without worry for seating. In the winter, the balance is challenged as there are fewer seats inside than out.But persist if you have to. Take the time to lavish in your wonderfully delicious latte, served like the French. And marvel at the array of baked goods to compliment.I listened to the baristas chat to the locals and felt more than a bit envious. WHAT???Friendly baristas, and good coffee? Really? You can have Both?The chitchat was more than the basic stuff, you could tell that the baristas knew their regulars and remembered enough details about the lives of their regulars to converse and follow up with them.Also the baked goods case was made with care...I could tell, not just by the contents on display, but the conversation the staff was having about what they were able to get from the baker ... why - what- when.I like that.It is a cozy linger place. I wish I could return more often, and hunker down in the corner, while dreaming out the window.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,5/4/2014,26,111,,5,3>I love Tex-Mex establishments, so I was excited to try this place out with a group of girlfriends. For a Saturday night, we were seated quickly and didn't have to wait. The only downside was that we had to ask our waitress to bring us chips and salsa; however, the chips were delicious and the salsa tasted very fresh (plus she kept bringing us extra bowls!) so that makes up for it. I also had a house margarita, which was really good and not too sweet.You know when you sit down and start chatting and never even look at the menu? Well, of course that happened, so I honestly just ordered the first thing that jumped out at me when our waitress returned (spicy shrimp quesadilla). When the quesadilla arrived, it was way more food than I was expecting. With the chips, you could definitely split it between two people. It also had slices of avocado tucked in the melted cheese, so that was a welcome surprise. I would totally order it again!There also seems to be a good amount of outdoor seating, and I can definitely see myself ordering a pitcher of margaritas or sangria and people watching on a summer night. Great spot in Cameron Village!
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2013,5/3/2014,61,116,2,4,3>Buns, hun!Do yourself a favor and check out this gem in downtown Chapel Hill!  The choices are delicious from toppings to sauces.  The sweet potato fries are delicious as well.  We actually took our order into The Varsity to watch a movie annnnnd it made it that much more awesome.  So tasty, not greasy, and really unique!  Drooling just thinking about it...
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,5/2/2014,97,192,1,7,5>I've been putting off this Review so I can give it a lot of thought and time.  But all I want to say it was Wonderful.  What a Treat!  We went for Dinner, and for that I strongly advise making Reservations, otherwise they'll let you sit at the bar (which is really busy), and it would be awkward to eat a meal there in my opinion.  Before making Reservations, my 20 year old daughter and I viewed each and every one of the 80-something pictures here on Yelp, so our minds were SET to go here.  Just look at the pics... they are not deceiving, what you see is what you get!   Some of the items you see may be offered as Specials that are not on the Menu, based on what is available that day.  We each had an Appetizer; Perogies for her, J Betski's own Kielbasa and Saurkraut for me.  We shared, Yum!!  The Perogies are decadent.  We were pretty full already!  Then our meals came... the Venison for her (not on the menu), and Duck for me.  Both meals were absolutely tender and flavorful, with stuffed cabbage rolls that were crazy inventive and tasty, and side veggies prepared to perfection.  SO Good!  We had plenty of leftovers to take home, so we left very satisfied.  We wanted to get dessert, there were 2 or 3 that we couldn't even choose from because we wanted them all, but we were stuffed.  I should add that Service was excellent.This is a great Special Occasion restaurant and there is something for everyone on the Menu.  You and your special someone (or business client) will be happy you went.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,5/1/2014,175,190,4,8,6>Brit and I came down to check out the newest addition to the Bitter Melon Asian Market - Filipino Cuisine coming out of their kitchen. We headed to their soft opening, and while they're still working out the bugs I wanted to make sure everyone is aware that this food is delicious.  Today was "Silog" day.  Which is a joining of three words in the Filipino language.  The first part of the "Silog" is the protein associated with it, the remainder is in reference to the garilc-fried rice "Sinigag" and the fried eggs "itlog".  There are a variety of Options.  Cornsilog - Corned beef with potatoes (think hash), wilted onions and rice and eggs, Tocilog - Tocino (cured pork) with eggs and rice, Longsilog - Longanisa (filipino chorizo / sausage) with eggs and rice, Bangsilog - Bangus (Fried Milk fish) with eggs and rice.  Spamsilog - SPAM with eggs and rice.  I can't recall if I saw Tapsilog on the menu, but I do hope they add that which is Tapa (Cured beef) with eggs and rice.  Brit ordered the Cornsilog, a good sized serving with a slice of fresh roma tomato and cucumber on the side.  I decided to go all out and get the Bangsilog.  I normally won't cook milk fish because it is one of the proteins that while cooking will basically immerse your entire environment in a briny fishy smell.  Well crisped up and served with accompanying Patis - Fish Sauce and Suka - Spiced White Vinegar.  We also had their halo halo which is a traditional Filipino dessert drink featuring shaved ice, sweetened condensed milk, sweet beans (traditionally kidney and garbanzo), small cubes of jello, jack fruit or banana.  This one that they served had, what appeared to me, a slice of leche flan on it.  The flan was delicious and I hope that they'll have it as an additional dessert option once they open.  All in all - a drive to be sure, but well worth it.  Husband and wife team Angela and Joel are doing good things.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2010,3/10/2010,74,201,,6,2>My significant other and I used to eat at Daphne's all the time, which was a chain Greek/Middle Eastern restaurant back in California.  Not mind-blowing, but decent and fairly cheap.  We wanted to find our Daphne's here in NC, so we found Flame Kabob.Every time I've gone here, it's sadly empty, but PLEASE don't let that deter you from eating there.  I really believe in their food and I think it's really good.  I don't think Greek/Middle Eastern food gets enough recognition around here unless it has a hip, Americanized name like Greek Fiesta.  I have nothing against Greek Fiesta, just making an example here.   At Flame Kabob, I've had their lamb, chicken, and beef kabobs.  ALL good.  Lamb is a hard thing to cook for some people, but Flame Kabob does it right.  The lamb was extremely tender and not too raw because I feel like most places serve their lamb more on the raw side so they can make you think it's more tender.  Not the case here.  The chicken is also very nicely marinated and cooked - always tender.  They have the usual Greek salad and rice served with the kabobs.  The salad's mediocre, but the rice is good.  I love their stone bread and yogurt sauce too.  Service has always been excellent.  I've met the couple who owns the place and they're both really nice people and provided us with great service.  Sometimes, you'll see other members of their family helping out in the back, which I think is really cute.  Seriously, try this place and give them some business.  Food is great and Flame Kabob needs to get recognized a little more for it.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2009,3/9/2010,114,291,,5,3>This is a local neighborhood gem. It's located at the corner of Guess and Broad street, right next to the Checks Cashed place. It has bland white interior. This minimal facade hides a great family run Indian restaurant that serves up familiar dishes- vindaloos and masalas. The chef and servers were welcoming and served us Indian rice pudding as treats. They also do home delivery for free. They are a fantastic addition to the Durham cuisine.Hey guys, 10/11/09Just a heads up. They no longer have the Sunday lunch time buffets.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2010,3/8/2010,12,71,3,5,3>Yes, this really is as good as it gets. Come here on a nice day, when it's not muggy hot outside. Each garden really is beautiful. And there are literally dozens of them. There is a good amount of acreage here. Wander around and explore all that the arboretum has to offer. Look at the signs and learn something. Take time an examine the textures and colors. Breathe in the scents.  The variety is amazing. It is well kept, but still feels natural. I've never seen a crowd here. It think it is one of the secrets of Raleigh.There are some nice structures, one of which would be great for a wedding reception. I recommend that you get some picnic food from the nearby Neomonde cafe and find a nice place at the arboretum to sit on the grass or on a bench or structure. Especially if you are with an attractive woman.When you need to get out of the house or your brain is frazzled with life and you need to remember what a plant looks like, come to the arboretum. It's part of the NC State campus system. This is why the "Knights who say Ni!" demanded a shrubbery.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2010,3/7/2010,48,70,2,4,3>Watts Grocery is hand's down one of my favorite spots in Durham. Anytime I say the name to a new person it can be a little confusing. "You want to eat dinner (lunch) at a grocery store?" No really, it is a restaurant, you'll see. I have never had a bad experience here. The service is always friendly. The food is always fantastic. And the desserts and cocktails are to die for. At lunch, the macaroni and cheese with a little salad is perfection. For dinner, the Red Wine Braised Lamb Shank is delicious. All of the salads and appetizers I've ordered have been superb. I've had so many dishes it is hard to remember, but I've never been disappointed. The menu is always changing with the seasons so there are always new and fabulous things to try. The desserts are to die for- the campfire sundae with homemade graham crackers, the flourless chocolate cake and the pound cake with sugared strawberries - out of this world!!!! I just took a peak at the latest menus and I need to go back ASAP for the Banana Pudding! Mmmmmm!The ambiance is very modern in color and decor, but not too edgy. One of my favorite touches is the shadow box of family heirlooms built into the end of the bar closest to the door. If the bar isn't packed to the hilt it is worth taking a look, and adds a very personal touch.There was a wonderful article about Amy, the owner and head chef, in Southern Living magazine last year: southernliving.com/food/… Amy also created the Easter menu for the same issue: southernliving.com/food/…
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2010,3/6/2010,108,135,2,5,4>Chubby's is absolutely, hands down, the best Mexican I've had in Raleigh - and that's coming from an ex-Texan! Your choice of meat (or mushrooms, fish, etc) comes on fresh corn tortillas, covered in fresh chopped onions and cilantro. My boyfriend swears by the Tinga (spiced chicken) but I prefer the Barbacoa (spiced beef) as my personal go-to guilty delight. The burritos are truly as 'big as your face' and packed with rice, beans, etc. The margaritas are sufficiently alcoholic and don't have the 'common margarita problem' of tasting like they're from a mix. And the sauces...oh, the sauces... Every base is covered - spicy, smokey, smooth and refreshing. Drizzle them on top of your taco or mix into the gooey queso dip for an extra kick.The only criticism I can make is that I wish they had less rice in the burritos and I wish the place was bigger. HINT: Come on off hours between lunch and dinner crowds to get the freshest salsa and quickest service. It's not uncommon for there to be a 30 min. wait to order at peak hours! Also, takeout is great as they give you little containers for all the sauces which are awesomely re-usable in dishes at home!
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2010,3/5/2010,31,157,,4,4>I stopped in here a few weeks after their opening for lunch around two and was impressed there was a wait, a 20 minute one, for a table.The decor of signed records, a fake old car front, and a large plastic Elvis in this place I'm fairly certain was taken from an old Rock Ola, if it wasn't, it certainly could have been.I got the french toast, which I believe was made with vanilla bean and was fantastic. They have a fairly decent beer list (although I didn't partake of any) for you drinkers out there.Theyre open 24 hours. It should be interesting to see how the place changes from 2pm to 2am :)
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2010,3/4/2010,164,66,1,11,5>I have found my salon. Kim comes from Chicago and brings a funky sense of style with a great set of skills honed in chi-chi Aveda salons. She took me from a mousy brunette color to a vibrant and healthy blonde. I would recommend Kim. The salon is reasonably priced, the decor is fun, and Kim will make you look great.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2010,3/3/2010,19,95,1,6,3>This local joint just makes me warm and fuzzy. My husband took me back in January for my birthday. We ordered mussels to start. They are in a wonderful spicy broth that is perfect for bread dunking and the bread there is great. I had the rabbit. It was scrumptious, nicely cooked and seasoned. My husband had the filet and sweetbreads. He cleaned his plate. We also ordered a perfect petit syrah - loved it! The wine list is impressive in size and price. We finished the night off with a slice of fantastic chocolate cake. Actually, now that I think about I place on going back next week for a slice of that cake.We have been back for cocktails a couple of times since our first visit. They have new spins on old favorites like the New Leaf, a gussied up gin and tonic, and the Cuban Dark and Stormy, ginger beer and rum with a little spicy kick.The service here has always been great. Most often we are in the bar area and its nice to see the same staff every time we visit. They are friendly and make a mean cocktail.The interior is clean and beautiful without being snooty. I would definitely recommend Revolution to friends and colleagues.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2010,3/2/2010,169,170,1,3,3>I recently visited Beyu for dinner and since my last review was for lunch visit I'm going to write an update. Let me start off by saying that this place keeps getting better. They're doing everything right... Good staff, good food, good website, good community involvement, good atmosphere, and probably a million other things I don't even notice.I visited Beyu Caffe on a night they were hosting an event to support Haiti. There was a large crowd in the restaurant but the staff handled it quite well.I ordered the Suateed Chicken Breast for main course. It was tasty and well-priced. For dessert I had a slice of the Oreo Cheesecake (I love both Oreos and cheesecake so this was a double win). I also had a Beyu Express which is an espresso drink mixed with butterscotch schnapps and some other liqueurs. The drink was served chilled in a martini glass and was a smallish amount. Very good drink and I wish I had more. (let me just say that I hate martini glasses... they might look stylish but they're too small and too prone to spillage. This doesn't have much relevance to my review but I'm just sayin' that I wish others would boycott these glasses).Overall, very good experience (sorry about the tirade about martini glasses).
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2010,3/1/2010,5,26,3,5,3>Best Chocolate Ever.  I'm not a huge fan of chocolate (*gasp*) but Matthew's is divine. His creams are amazing, especially the vanilla buttercream, and the cardamom, and the mint ... The nuts in his chocolate bark are fresh and tasty on their own. I especially like the spicy Thai bark.  The flavorings on all of his chocolate are amazing. This is a must-visit if you're in Hillsborough.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,6/9/2014,135,254,1,15,5>"Outstanding Cuban-inspired food, now on Hillsborough Rd in Durham"Was thrilled to come try out the new location during Triangle Restaurant Week, and was even more thrilled that the food quality and service are as good as at their old location.Positives:+ Absolutely delicious food. For appetizers, we had the platano maduro relleno (plantains stuffed with ground beef) and spinach/ cheese empanadas. The empanadas were good, but the plantains were absolutely amazing. I ordered the Ropa Vieja (shredded steak in sauce with tomatoes) which came with a tostone, rice, and beans. The steak was absolutely scrumptious and easy to eat. The flan dessert was also very tasty, too.+ Reasonable price. This was upper-end food, but the quality was consistent with the price.+ Excellent service. They accommodated by kids very nicely, they checked on us frequently, they offered useful suggestions, etc. The manager even checked on our table multiple times to make sure we didn't need anything. We really felt like honored guests.Neutral:- Setting isn't quite as nice as the old Victorian home where they used to be, but it's still fine. Lighting was comfortably dim, and colors in the dining area accented nicely. The parking has improved from the previous location.Synopsis:Still one of my favorite places in Durham. I would not recommend it if you're a vegetarian, though.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,6/8/2014,138,233,9,12,12>From the outside, I halfway imagined myself on a 1960's dusty road trying to hitch a ride to Mayberry. I'd probably be barefoot with a straw in my mouth, carrying a long stick over my shoulder with everything I owned inside a bandana tied at the end. That old-timey feel put me in a different place and I liked it. Something catchy by the Soggy Bottom Boys whistling from my lips...And then I stepped inside. The retro feel remained, but with that quaint air of gourmet quality I've come to enjoy from some of my favorite hipster towns. I browsed the shelves and found some things that appealed to me, like locally grown products and several items marketed under the Fosters brand name. It wasn't busy so I shot the breeze with employees while sipping on a damn good iced mocha with chocolate syrup. I sat down and inhaled a Turkey Breast sandwich, herb roasted on site - with cucumbers, lettuce, tomato and hold the basil mayo. Then I just sat there and stared out the window a while. It was a lazy Saturday afternoon and I'd found the perfect hiding spot.There was so much to buy and such intriguing offers that I actually got miffed at my wallet for not being fatter and the trunk of my car for not being roomier. The brother who worked there got along well with me and the gal I was with, so he came on over and asked us where we were from. The atmosphere was friendly and I didn't even feel like I was in a store, market or restaurant. After about an hour or so, we headed out with a few fine memories about Durham - a town I remember from my childhood as being run down and jacked up. Foster's Market is definitely contributing to my new positive interpretations.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,6/7/2014,43,194,1,8,4>I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet! Raleigh Brewing Company is definitely one of my favorite breweries in the Triangle area and it is also very convenient to my house!Consistently good beer and very reasonably priced. The beer prices range from $2-$5 and they also recently started offering smaller beers at an even lower price. My favorite is the Hell Yes Ma'am and the porter but I have enjoyed many of their seasonal beers as well. They also have wine, kombucha and root beer for non-beer drinkers available.Another thing I love about this place is that they are dog friendly! It is always fun to take the dog here. They also have darts and a variety of board games for you to enjoy during your visit.Many nights of the week there is also a food truck parked outside. They also have different events throughout the week like trivia and live music. I would also suggest taking the tour - you get to sample six of their regular beers and it was a really fun and informative tour for only $5!This will continue to be a regular spot for me!
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,6/6/2014,67,201,4,7,5>My only complaint: my eyes want 2 of their arepas and my stomach starts to protest after 1.I imagine this place gets awfully busy, making seating and parking an issue - but it wasn't on the day I visited.I look forward to many repeat visits. Oh and the local craft beer shop is next door, so a nice outing if you're so inclined :)
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,6/5/2014,199,740,5,9,7>I just have a question... what hole have I been living in to have missed out on Foundation all of the time it has been around?? Hubs and I were downtown, walking on Fayetteville street, looking for a place to venture into for some adult libations and saw the hidden sign for Foundation just above a set of steps going down below the street level. Lucky us- we ventured down to see what the dealy was.This place is seriously the coolest place in downtown Raleigh. It has the speakeasy, dive- type feel, while eluding to being on the brink of pretentious, it's SOOO not! We walked in and felt the vibe, sat at the bar and had a chat with the bartender and decided this was the place for us!The menu has a plethora of options in the Bourbon arena, and sell local brew. I opted for the Jack Rose and hubs had a beer. Not normally a bourbon drinker, the Jack Rose was a pleasant surprise for my taste buds. It had a fruity cosmo-taste to it (probably swear words to a bourbon lover), but was super strong! It got me exactly where I needed to be, after just one drink!I read other Yelpers talk about the need for a membership to drink here. We didn't run into that problem, so I am not sure what that's about. We were there on a Saturday evening, after dinner, so I'm not sure when that comes into play. Foundation is on our list for EVERY trip to downtown Raleigh from this point forward. Period.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,6/4/2014,102,64,3,4,5>The more I come to Sosta the more I fall in love with the place. I'm absolutely amazed that there is not more people flocking to Sosta during the day to enjoy affordable, delicious food in the heart of downtown Raleigh. Jerome is hands down the nicest business owner I've ever met and truly cares about every single one of his customers, which is such a pleasure to see. Stop reading the reviews and go experience Sosta yourself right now!
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,6/3/2014,73,266,,9,3>I bought a Living Social voucher for permanent eye brows or lips and I choose to have the eyebrows done. This was a big decision for me as I've never had a tattoo or anything and am quite conservative. I made the appointment and was nervous, but the minute I walked in Sara's calm and sweet personality took over and my nervousness went away. She took the time to numb the area, temporarily draw on my new eyebrows and then when she had it just as we both liked, she went to do the permanent tattooing. The appointment took about 1 1/2 hours, but now I have beautiful eyebrows that shape my face and look great. No more drawing on my eyebrows haphazardly while I'm driving to work. I'm even considering going back to Sara to have permanent eyeliner on my lower lids. Her salon is very clean and she is a joy to work with.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,6/2/2014,20,56,5,5,1>Prior to moving to the Wakefield/Bedford/Almost-Wake-Forest area this past May, we lived in an apartment complex off Glenwood, not far from Cameron Village. We frequented that Village Deli location with some regularity: it became one of our go-to lunch spots to bring visiting friends and family to. So, I was pleased to learn there was another outpost of The VD (Ooh, wait, that abbreviation is HORRIBLE. Village Deli it is. No abbrevs.) in Wake Forest. Amongst my numerous and remarkable list of talents and positive traits (including modesty, clearly) I consider myself a chicken salad connoisseur. My favorite sandwich in the history of ever is the #5 at the Stagedoor Deli in NYC which is a sandwich on rye bread containing a good old traditional chicken salad, AND, to gild the proverbial lily, several slices of magnificently crispy bacon. Yeah, it's totally treif, but I have a really hard time grasping the idea that a just and loving God does not love bacon. I mean, would He/She have made it so delicious if He/She also thought it was something that should never cross our lips? That just seems unnecessarily cruel. We are oddly lacking in good sandwich options in the Wakefield area, so I would estimate we patronize The Village Deli at least once a month, if not more. In addition to my chicken salad fixation, my husband is a sandwichaholic, truly. I honestly think he could eat a sandwich of some sort for every meal for the rest of his life. It's gotten to the point where if we are grabbing lunch on a weekend, I don't even have to ask him what he wants: I know he wants a sandwich. While he loves him a sub from The Teets, because they are awesome and enormous and they practically give them away for free, his first choice in sandwiching is Village Deli. I'm sure at this point you're wondering why I only gave them four stars despite being such a fan. There a few points on which I think they could improve. One being I find their sandwiches a little on the pricey side, especially since most of them do not come with chips or a side of any sort. Some of their menu items do, some don't, which kinda makes no sense to me: either you include a side in your pricing or you don't. Most of their menu items clock in around $7.50 or $8.00, so not totally exorbitant, but once you add on a buck fifty for chips, because DUH, everyone wants chips, and two bucks for a soda, you're over the $10 mark before tax is added, which is generally my cut-off point for how much I'd like to spend on a sandwich. The quality of their food is clearly leaps and bounds above cheapo sandwich joints like Subpar and their various competitors, so I pay the higher price, but I don't understand their "some items come with chips, some don't" policy.My other complaint is the way the line to order and the ordering process is set up. When you walk in the door, there's a bunch of menus right there, which causes a bottleneck trying to get into the place, and also means you can get stuck behind someone who treats their lunch decision like it's Sophie's choice. They should either have a menu board up on the wall behind the register, or put the menus somewhere NOT right inside the door, and not in the one line to order. I would venture to guess that most of their customers know what they want, or at least have a few options they rotate through, and the line would move MUCH faster if those folks, myself included, didn't get stuck behind people who need to read the entirety of their somewhat large menu, pontificate for 15 minutes, consult their horoscope, see which way the wind is blowing, and shake their magic 8 ball to decide whether they want a ham sandwich or a turkey wrap. This problem is compounded during busy times: weekday lunch and Sunday lunch in particular. Once you order, you then grab a table and wait for your name to be called a la Panera. The issue with this is that they have no amplification for ye olde towne sandwich crier, so if you're anywhere except about a foot in front of the pickup window, you can't hear your name called. *ETA: It seems like they DO have a PA, they used it today but haven't always used it in the past.*So, food is very good, but there are some minor logistical and pricing issues which leaves me hesitant to give them 5 stars. They are also kind of the only game in town in the sandwich category, so I'm willing to overlook these missteps. I'm a teacher so I tend to think of everything in terms of grades: I'd say they are a solid B+ or A-.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,6/1/2014,167,179,10,10,11>Sparkle! Sass!! Diana Ross!!!Drag Queens are fabulous (and they know it)! What better way to spend an evening than basking in their glory while playing a very suspenseful game of bingo and finding a cure for AIDS? You can win fun prizes and save lives all at the same time! Win-Win!For $25 ($20 if you buy tickets early) you'll get about 10 games of bingo with some comedy and musical performances interspersed between.  Now if you're the type that says to yourself "Oh, I'm not really into that" than YOU'RE WRONG!!! I urge you to crawl from beneath your little rock of fear and give it a chance. The crowd was fabulously diverse with all ages represented and this is all for charity! Every dollar that got stuffed down the well constructed cleavage of a Queen goes to the cause. And you'll have FUN!  Some of the jokes did lean towards the "colorful" but they were vague enough to go over the heads of small children since this is a family friendly event. I'd stick to bringing older kids though, in the 12-13 age range. All in all the night lasted from about 6:30- 10:00. They had a concession stand on site with nachos, hot dogs (which were not fabulous) and some beverages (of the non-alcoholic variety)This event is held once a month (but not consistently so check the calendar). Their home-base appears to be the Durham Armory but on the night I attended they were at the NC fairgrounds (again, check the calendar).  You'll also find out what the theme of the evening is and you're encouraged to dress up! Here are some examples:*Happily Ever After*It's Britney B*tch!*Super Hero Bingo*Ladies of the 80's Bingo**The only recommendation I'd make to organizers is to hold this event at a venue with a liquor license. You'd make a killing.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,5/31/2014,20,76,3,9,4>After getting my history lesson from a Cuban restaurant owner in Cary, I realized Cuban Revolution although very tasty is not Cuban owned and operated and if you want REAL cuban food you should go to a Cuban owned restaurant. Old Havana is PERFECT!...we walk in, and right away the owner is talking to someone in spanish, love it ALREADY! Cuban owned and operated [check]Animal Welfare Approved [check] means the food they receive (LOTS of pork) was raised and slaughtered humanelyWifi [check]Cool culture/community events [check]It's located on the part of Main street that you don't notice but, trust me, missing this place is a mistake!This is how good it is, and this fact alone should have you going there almost immediately:They sell jars of their pork fat and almost always sell out!Tip: you can ask for pork drippings on your rice.Yes, it's "just" pork drippings, but it was heavenly---JUDGE AWAY!
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,1/18/2011,31,129,5,9,7>The owner keeps her dog in the store (= automatic 4 stars from me!).  Unless you have a problem with goofy, sweet yellow labs that follow you around wanting attention, I think you'll like Hunky Dory.  Also an automatic 4 stars for bringing back "Hunky Dory".Definitely have some interesting finds here -- vintage clothes that are reasonably priced, lots and lots of vinyl records, different tobacco and hookah smoking items.  There's plenty of room for the owners to add more merchandise, so hopefully they will soon!  I recommend taking a gander if you're in need for an eclectic gift.  Or if you just want to find some unconditional love in the canine form.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2010,1/17/2011,59,219,5,8,8>Two words: Loaded FriesI came out here on a bromance weekend for a Saturday lunch with some ol' buddies of mine and what else can I say but....that was probably the best damn plate of cheese fries I've had in a looooooooooong while. Fo' shizzle. If you ever find yourself stuck in the Raleigh downtown area....come here - if not for one of the best Belgian beer selections in the Triangle and some tasty grub food...then for the cheese fries alone. Hand cut fries, lathered up in cheese and sprinkled with scallions and bacon with a side of garlic ranch. Mmmmmmmmm. The other stuff besides the cheese fries? I ordered the RT Burger with a smattering of gorgonzola. Although I asked for a medium rare burger, I felt the burger was slightly more medium than medium rare. It was still tasty nonetheless and I somehow managed to gobble up the whole thing. The Cuban sandwich one guy ordered was (in his words) "big enough to feed a whole family".  And the Crunchy Chicken Tacos ordered by another guy at our table "hit the spot". "Just right" sized portions satiated the table. Just a note, ordering the small order of Loaded Fries complemented our sandwiches well. All sandwiches only come with a small side of cucumber dill dressing/salad. Fries, salads, etc. are extra. Everything was nicely complemented by the beer selection. As noted by others, it's a limited draft selection, but the Belgian list did not disappoint.Price-wise, we found the items pretty much par for the area. Food fare in the $10 range with beers making up half the ticket. Service was a bit hectic and on a Saturday lunch, it was fairly crowded and busy with service being genuine but not frequent enough. Refills on water and drinks took a bit longer. Upon being seated, we waited a good 15+ minutes before our orders were initially taken.All in all, good food, great Belgian beer selections, a kick ass plate of cheese fries and if you don't mind the hectic/frantic service make this a 4 star no-brainer in the Raleigh downtown area!
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,1/16/2011,51,70,5,5,4>I have been to YoHo a few times for lunch since it is near my office. They have tasty "box meals" where you can get a variety of things to try. I like the teriyaki chicken meal. It comes with the chicken (in strips), a few pieces of sushi, a salad with ginger dressing (just so-so), tempura, and rice. The ambiance is really nice; they have this beige motif going on and exotic statues. The seating is not very comfy, though. If you get a table with chairs (versus a booth), good luck trying to slide yourself in. The chairs must weigh 400 pounds. A note about the service: some dude was choking the last time I was there and whoopsied all over his table (sorry Yelpians). The staff had his table cleaned up super fast. They were professional and discrete as the poor guy was ushered off the hospital. It certainly made for an interesting lunch hour.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2010,1/15/2011,179,270,2,7,6>Holy Delicious! This place is fantastic!!! Every morsel was divine! In a relatively new strip mall, you'll find this eclectic restaurant... a mix of random art on the walls and a large bar area. First off... those lit menus others have described are VERY cool! We thought they really set the mood for a nice romantic dinner. We shared 3 appetizers (seared tuna, vidaya onion, and the strawberry salad)... they were all unbelievable. Great attention to detail, fresh, and slightly different than I have seen from other restaurants. We also shared the scallops entree! Heaven!!! It was wonderful. I had 4 decent sized scallops on my plate w/asparagus, a wonderful creamy sauce and some kind of creamy grits. As a side note, they have a small herb and vegetable garden behind the strip mall.In other words, we will be back!!! It's worth the treck to Cary!
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2010,1/14/2011,38,237,2,7,8>Ah, 9th Street. How awesome would you be if homeless people didn't follow me down the street / approach me the second I step out of my car / go around hitting random cars? PRETTY awesome.So it was quite nice to step out of 9th St and into Metro 8. We went kinda late on a Saturday evening, without a reservation (this is during the summertime). There were some tables around, but they put us in this totally cool booth table - probably the nicest table in the place! I loved the wine, I loved the food (we all had steak). One thing to note, is that it's not like a traditional steakhouse where you order your steak and order sides for the table. Each steak comes with it's own side. I recommend the sweet potato fries! I have not found many good fries in Durham, but these were delicious!I honestly have to say that I would probably give just the food 4 stars... but the service brings it to 5 stars. We were treated like royalty! Our server and the other servers were so attentive, and explained everything on the menu nicely. The bartender (maybe the owner? I don't know why, she had an owner vibe) came over to pour a martini and pour our wine and was so friendly. I mean, the food was great, but I just walked out of there wowed. And then someone brought up the point "Why do people eat out? for the service and ambiance." Metro 8 is a reason to go out!
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,1/13/2011,152,261,2,13,5>Bickett Market just opened 2 weeks ago on 7/14/10 and I can say that it's fast becoming THE local foodie haven. I stopped in yesterday after hearing about it on Twitter and was very impressed. It's a neighborhood market located in the heart of Five Points that carries exclusively NC products. Local seafood, meats, cheeses, breads, honey, produce, etc. The market's farm to table concept is such a fantastic business model. While I love the idea of a CSA membership, Bickett is more convenient with more variety and choice. They partner with local farms and businesses such as the Chapel Hill Creamery and Yellow Dog to bring the best foods that NC has to offer. I talked to the owner extensively and he said that right now, they're at 40% inventory and expect to be at 100% by the end of August 2010. He was also very friendly and knowledgeable about the local food scene. Verdict: NC slow food enthusiasts rejoice! In between Whole Foods and a CSA stands another option: Bickett Market. I'm looking forward to shopping here often for a good part of my produce, seafood, meats, and cheeses.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2010,1/12/2011,175,190,3,9,8>I haven't been here since leaving the Cary area and moving North and West into the Raleigh area 4 years ago.  On a whim I decided to grab Brit from the airport and head out here for dinner.  She wanted sushi, and I didn't want to spend that much.  So digging deep into the dregs of my mind, I picked Little Tokyo.  First off it's in a tiny strip mall on Maynard with a giant sign that says SUSHI!  Although a bit questionable upon walking in, the staff is courteous, attentive and prompt.  Brit and I quickly got down to business and ordered the hamachi (yellow tail), salmon, amaebi (sweet shrimp), red snapper and the white tuna.  The hamachi was luxuriously supple on my palate.  Sweet with a bit of saltiness and just melted on your tongue.  For yellow tail it was some of the most tender I have had in quite some time.  The fish was all consistently sized and well proportioned.  We also delved into their roll menu and ordered the Rainbow Roll, the Tuna Special and the Osaka Triangle roll.  Well made, large pieces of fish, and actually only a small amount of rice.  The rolls are actually pretty large compared to other places.  The Rainbow roll was a 10 piecer instead of the normal 6-8.  The Osaka Triangle roll has 12 pieces.  Prior to our sushi coming out they brought out what appeared to be mashed tuna over a layer of seaweed salad over rice.  A tasty treat on the house.  In addition they also sent over the flaming shell with the seafood mixture, which they call "spicy fish dynamite".  These were quickly inhaled as we watched the sushi chef make our rolls.  Little Tokyo is one of the few places where you can get the sweet shrimp head deep fried.  It's like a fish frito, and is definitely an acquired taste, but once you have it you crave it every so often.For being a "hole in the wall", this place has great service and great food.  Add this to your sushi list!
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2010,1/11/2011,108,135,5,11,11>Grand Asia is so big and wonderous you really need a plan of action to tackle this beast. Tip 1 - Have cash for the cafe - You may not even be hungry before you go, but you'll want to at least sample the cakes or grab a bubble tea for your trip around the store. $20 took care of me and my man for lunch and bubble teas afterward. There's a SunTrust bank in the same parking lot with an ATM ($3 surcharge) if you get stuck cashless.Tip 2 - Don't skip the veggies - The small but packed fresh produce area is a real treat for a home chef. Nestled among tomatoes and apples are more exotic produce such as daikon, lotus root, taro, lemongrass, enoki mushroom, burdock and gingko nuts. Even better is the price. These would all be priced as luxury items in most other grocery stores, but are affordable and plentiful at Grand Asia.Tip 3 - M-E-A-T - Crazy cuts of all kinds are packed and butchered in-store. From pork loin to pizzle, it's all on display. They were butchering a whole pig when I was there last. I'm working up the courage to grab some kidney, but anyone who has issues with butchering or animal consumption should steer clear of the back left corner of the store.Tip 4 - Around the corner - So much is packed into this large space that you really should go down every aisle. You might miss some amazing Japanese candy or a great deal on Temple of Heaven GunpowderOk, so now I'm satisfied but exhausted from all this typing - just like you'll be after a shopping trip to Grand Asia!
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2010,1/10/2011,254,415,4,9,6>I finally got a chance to run in this 5 tent big farmer's market on last Wednesday afternoon. Local eggs, meat, produce, Big Bundts and the (completely delicious) Hillsborough Cheese Company were out on this 90+ degree afternoon. Great finds for 5 tents if you ask me.It's small. It needs some love. But the vendors are super nice and for anyone that gets overwhelmed with the larger farmers markets, with all their duplicate vendors selling the same things. This is like, the light version. You can run in, grab what you need and get out.I can't help but stop by when I see the little tents mid-day Wednesday. One day I'll get up early enough for the Saturday market...
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2010,1/9/2011,74,57,4,7,8>I heart Ruckus, big time. My consistently good, go-to, place when I can't figure out what I want to eat or drink. And they're nice to my dog and welcome him on their patio. The Tryon Road location is great (it's been a while since I went to the Mission Valley location). Service is always great--the folks are nice and efficient, and the cooks always send water out to my pooch.Prices are reasonable; the food is, like I mentioned, consistently good. Ruckus is also a great sports bar (I tried to go once during the World Cup and couldn't get in the door), and I think you'd be hard pressed to find better bar food. I usually go for a whole pizza with friends rather than slices because the slices are reheated. There's a tasty snack that involves hot peppers, cheese, and sausage, and is deep fried--so I try to stay away from it but sometimes I can't resist. The portions are large so it's a great place to share a plate. Oh, and the eggplant sandwich rocks!Extracurricular activities include live bands, trivia, and cornhole nights.Ruckus, don't ever leave me. I will do my best to keep you in business. But judging by your crowds any day of the week, you're going to do just fine.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2010,11/19/2010,85,119,3,7,6>Their website sums it up the best "kids grow faster than paychecks".   A "hell yeah" to that because they do!  If you find yourself sorting through a ton of Craigslist postings in search of bargain buys for your kids - give Kid to Kid a visit.  The concept of the store is to offer gently used items and sell them at affordable prices.  In short, it's a kid's consigment shop.  I've come to expect most consignment shops to be a bit disorderly.  This particular store is neat and well kept.  They sell clothing, toys, car seats, hair bows, books, dvds, they have it all.  Unless you're looking for a specific, unique item -save yourself the trouble of sorting through Craigslist's posts because this store will probably carry it.  Better yet, give them a call to see if they have it.  If there are any items you want to unload, they also buy your used items.  If you keep up with my reviews you'll know I'm as frugal as can be so Kid to Kid is very much my kind of store.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2010,11/18/2010,77,107,7,7,5>My name is Jane W. and I need a 12-step program for my pizza addiction...... Bella Mia you are my enabler.....I wanted to review my experience at Bella Mia from Saturday night before I likely return tonight (less than 5 full days later....) I may update with more of the same amazing-ness after tonight, or maybe not, but for right now this is THE BEST pizza I have ever had.  Well, except for the possibly tie with Grimaldi's in Brooklyn, but they are both coal fired, NYC minded pizzas, Bella Mia just happens to be within 5 minutes of my house!!!The atmosphere is more than I expected in the dining area and the bar is classic but modern and rich looking.  We were quickly greeted by our great waiter Zack and knew right away that we needed chicken wings and the Broadway pie.  I am a hotter than "you know where" wing sauce kind of girl, but the lemon-thyme-rosemary-coal fired- goodness that these wings had made me pause for just a second in sheer bliss.  Our perfectly bubbled, crisp, fresh arugula, and shaved prosciutto pie came out next.  The owner Rick stopped over to say hello and see how we were doing right when the pizza arrived.  We were thrilled to meet him, but he also was so sweet to excuse himself quickly so that we could enjoy our pizza fresh.  Don't worry we made sure to tell him on the way out how wonderful it was, and so that he would know his two newest regulars!
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2010,11/17/2010,18,62,3,10,6>A vegetarian Indian place - very tasty.As we walked in, we were greeted and the person at the counter gave us menus immediately.  We chose a couple of items that looked okay but that we were unfamiliar with: A Paneer and Baby corn wrap, and a couple of appetizers (a sandwich like potato item and some bite sized items with raita) made two sizeable entrees, but I didn't stop there.  I saw the Imli fries on the menu cover, and thought to try those as well.  More on those in a moment.The staff was friendly and very helpful.  When we had a question, it was answered, when my fiance ordered something spicy, they made sure she knew.  When we got our meals, they were delicious.  I'm by no stretch of anyone's imagination a vegetarian, but I was well satisfied with a good amount of protein and an excellent dish, both in taste and fill.  The Imli fries - delicious.  I would be tempted to order these as my meal next time - they come out as an entire plate of fries mixed in a sweet/spicy sauce, cliantro, and onions.Update (6/21):  I ate there again a week and a half ago.  They still made delicious food and provided great service.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2010,11/15/2010,290,175,2,6,6>So far I've been twice. I've left pretty happy both times. Last night I left even happier as I had an Oreo Locopop in hand. Basically, this place can be summed up by pretty good sandwiches and soups and the experience is fabulous cause you can leave with a Locopop in hand.This place is clean, open and full of delightful treats from all over NC (bbq sauces, etc, and did I mention locopops?). Not to mention they have some really cute shirts that say things like "deviled egg" or "beer." Although, I can't justify myself to buy one, I think they'd be a neat gift for a non-local.A few important notes for your visit:1. They're dog friendly, so bring your Ovie (my dog's name) over and setup shop on the patio on a nice night. He'll thank you for it. Ovie did.2. Shrimp BLT. I'm trying to think of something clever to write about this, but the only way to pass on this experience is if you try one yourself. You REALLY won't regret it, I promise.3. Tomato basil mozzarella sandwich. I have to say it's one of the better that I've had. The ingredients tasted really fresh. Especially the tomato and basil part. It's like they came out of someone's garden. You can't go wrong with this one, especially around lunch time.4. Walk around the store a little bit. Step out of your box a little bit and buy something totally uncalled for (mango chutney or something) and try making something new at home with it. Always a rewarding experience.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2010,11/14/2010,55,264,3,7,4>You'll be surprised.  It doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside is some of the best, authentic Italian food you've had.  My husband is first generation Italian and it was his first language.  Nothing turns one of his bay days around like a suggestion that we go to Lubrano's!  If the weather is nice, we often swing by the airport observatory after dinner.Vegetarian favorites for me: Veggie stromboli or ziti primavera.  Hubby's favorites: Ziti putanesca (spicy!) or fra diavolo.Kid's favorite: pizza or psketti and meatballsIt's casual and kid-friendly.  You can order anything from a fancy entree to a big pizza.  There is a wine selection available.  If you go at a peak time, prepare for a wait, but if you're absolutely famished, just order take out instead!
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2010,11/13/2010,89,301,4,7,5>I was so psyched to finally get to eat here.  As a vegetarian this has been on the top of my list to try for some time.  I had previewed the menu ahead of time so I had an idea of what I wanted to get but I will need multiple trips to try everything I want.  It all looks so good and different from the obligatory pasta dish at a lot of restaurants where the food isn't veggie centered.  Although vegetarian centered it isn't exclusively so, even offering red meat (burgers).  Hey, dogs aren't vegetarian so, it's cool.  I couldn't decide on entrees so I ordered two.  I had the marinated tempeh salad (meal sized) with balsamic vinaigrette to start.  The tempeh slices were delicious, warm, a bit sweet and really added pizazz to the salad.  I love the fresh sliced tomatoes on the salad and the variety of greens.  I then had the veggie burger since I am on a veggie burger quest and had to give theirs a go.  I will definitely say this is a win though the patty itself was a bit on the thin side.  I think I might ask for a double next time, the patties were that good.  I skipped the sprouts since I always imagine they are spider's legs when I crunch down and just can't get jiggy with that.My husband had the seafood soup which smelled wonderful to me considering I don't eat fish.  He really enjoyed it as well as the Greek pasta.  I tried a bit of the pasta and loved the sun dried tomato, feta and black olive sauce.The restaurant feels a bit claustrophobic and our two seat table was very cramped but it is an oddly shaped building in the middle of the street so you have to work with what you have.  The bar area seemed to have a little more elbow room though.  Loved the artwork from local artists depicting dogs in whimsical scenes.They had a good selection of beer on-tap and bottled from all the breweries that have any kind of dog reference.  My husband wasn't thrilled with the beer recommendation given to him.  He asked for something hoppy and was given a wheat beer.  (He used to be an avid home brewer before it was cool so he knows a thing of two about beer)  Also he was told there was only one beer on tap and when he walked back to the bathroom he saw a whole slew of them in the bar area so don't know what that was about.  The waitress was friendly and helpful though.  The manager made a point of thanking us for coming in which was a nice touch.  Can't wait to go back.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2010,11/12/2010,236,354,7,9,7>I've finally admitted that I'm in my late 20's AND I need an escape from that reality sometimes.  No, seriously.  I recently left work early on Friday the 13th because I needed a break and my good friend promised to take me somewhere for a surprise.  That surprise was Adventure Landing!  I was quite taken aback because I'd heard it was fun, but never been.  It's been ages since anyone's surprised me with anything too.  He sure is awesome and knows my personality well.  So we went in and I was secretly way excited with butterflies, but didn't want to admit it and I was good at not showing it although I probably should have.  It was like I was Tom Hanks' character in the movie Big!  We went to the counter and I saw all the fun options: laser tag, go-karts, mini golf, arcade, and as we walked around the room even skee ball!!!  I remember back in the day when my we'd go visit friends inland (I'm from an island on the coast) or up north and we might get the big treat of going to a place that had skee ball when we visited our cousins or family friends.  The joy and anticipation of those tickets coming out of that machine is still there!  First we decided to do putt putt.  But next to the putt putt courses we saw a set of batting cages!  Those are for next time.  We went to the putt putt course counter and opted to play two rounds.  I'll admit it's made for kids so I felt kinda silly, but I was smiling the whole time.  We posed with the zebras to take pictures, played in the cave on another course, and were just as stoked when we got a hole-in-one as we were when we were kids.  When you get hole-in-one you're supposed to get a prize.  The girl at the counter gave me a high five and I was confused...as a little kid would be.  Wait, where's my prize?!?  Oh, you get some coupons and tokens at a reduced rate.  Thank you.  :)  On both courses I got a hole-in-one so I got my high five and laughed about it.  I love putt putt and play almost every single time I go home to the beach, so it was nice to get that homey childish escape right here in the triangle.   Then we spent some time in the arcade.  We rocked all sorts of video games: virtual reality games, shooting games, Star Wars, etc.  Then we did skee-ball, shooting hoops, hit the duck, etc.  Collected all those tickets and went right to the counter to collect our prizes.  Everyone there was just as enthusiastic as we were.  As the day got later on -- as in when parents get off work -- the place started to fill up.  I'm sure during the "off" hours it gets packed and birthday parties probably overwhelm it, but it was a blast when there weren't too many people.  Next time: go-karts and laser tag.  If you have kids, take them to Adventure Landing.  If you need to PRETEND you're a kid, go to Adventure Landing!  You'll have quite a little adventurous escape from reality.  ;)
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2010,11/11/2010,30,91,4,6,4>Pint night-what a concept!  Not to mention a really good excuse to get a group of friends out on a Wednesday night.  The Tyler's at the American Tobacco Campus is mostly a really pleasant experience, especially right now when the weather is so nice.  Sitting out on the patio underneath the twinkly lights is delightful.  However, there was an unfortunate hint of chlorine stink in the air, presumably from the aesthetically pleasing, if not toxic, artificial stream flowing nearby.  There is ample seating at this Tyler's, therefore, lots of big parties and rowdy groups, which leads to, one can only expect, less than stellar service.  Once a server does come around, s/he is usually quite nice and just obviously overwhelmed.  You have their attention, now order, quick!   We'll have a round of Rogue Dead Guy Ale (the Pint Night beer selection of the night),  a portobello sandwich and two pulled-pork sandwiches, please.  Our food was served up quite promptly.  Now I must say, the sandwich was slightly underwhelming, no Allen & Son, but boy does Tyler's fry up a tasty French fry---YU-UM!  Garlic-y, salted and crisped to perfection.  I am not afraid to admit that I devoured my fantastic fries, as well as  my okay pulled pork sandwich.  I was always taught to clean my plate :P
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,11/10/2010,114,375,3,9,4>Perfect example of how context matters. This place couldn't last a week on the Left Bank, let alone NYC, but here in the Triangle it's a great bistro. Snails and steak tartare were well executed.INCIDENT ALERT: I met up with a group of friends on the patio for after-dinner drinks ... I ordered a beer, and two of the ladies ordered "sparkling wine". When I got the bill, I saw that the wine was f'ing $17 a glass!!!So I went online and checked the menu, and it turned out they had 3 different sparlking's by the glass, and the waiter took it upon himself to serve the most expensive of the three.I left a message for the manager, who called back promptly. He offered to make it right ... next time I was there, he offered a round of drinks and some free apps. So, let the "word of mouth" effect take hold.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2010,11/9/2010,216,95,2,9,8>I'll make this shortish, since it looks like there are already several very long and detailed reviews of this spot. A few people have mentioned that it's in a really odd place. Yes, it's in Mordecai, but not in that main drag you're imagining. Go there, then go over to Blount Street, and head AWAY from downtown Raleigh. It's down on the right. Yes, you're going the right way!It's an airy spot with lots of light, open kitchen... just really pleasant. There's a bar, too. Looked pretty stocked, although I ordered the mint iced tea, which was delish. Very refreshing. The wine list looked nice, but I wasn't in the mood for alcohol that night.My friends and I got the zucchini latkes, which were very pancakey, meaning they had a lot of flour in them, so they were breadier than some. Great flavor. They came with a creme fraiche sauce. The menu had food that was all definitely healthy, with vegetarian and non-vegetarian options. Produce was king in most dishes. I got the tofu tacos. They were just divine. Hard to explain just how. Man oh man! The tortillas were clearly made right then. The flavor and texture was just right on the money. Had a slaw on them. They came with a side of a corn salad that had that just-out-of-the-gardenness to them. Another friends ordered that, too. But the third diner got the mushroom tamales with goat cheese. I had several bites, and SOOO GOOD! Tender and tasty and I so want to go back to order those.We got the chips with tomato salsa, too. The chips were made from the same tortillas used in the tortillas. Honestly, those were a bit tough. Not my fave. The salsa was fresh and really nice. Not too hot, but brimming with flavor.For dessert, we split the berry crumble three ways. It was perfect. The service was great. Food was delicious. I will be going back as soon as possible. Friends? Did you read that? Let me know. I WANT TO GO BACK! Let's made a plan!
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,9/2/2011,110,194,8,12,6>For those of you "not from 'round here" CookOut is what you might consider to be In 'N Out but down South we are SO much better at comfort food. 1 - The menu is ginormous. Utilize the uploaded photo of the menu if you've never been and don't want to back the line up to all high-holy hell. People behind you will be pissed that they can't get their platter with a shake faster.2 - You should probably opt for the platter. It's the most economical and tasty option on the menu. You can to change all sorts of things up so it's pretty much whatever you want.3 - You can't just order a burger here. You have to tell them what you want on it. I've never been denied a topping, so whatever is considered pretty normal for a burger, you can probably get it on your burger at CookOut. Or if you've studied the menu you can just order it in a style. I prefer the "CookOut Style" burger - chili, slaw, onions, mustard, ketchup on a burger. (Sometimes I add cheese)4 - Get a milkshake. My brother brought his girlfriend to NC on her first ever visit. Before he took her to my house he used Yelp to find the closest CookOut and forced her to get a milkshake. (Force may be strong, but the force is strong with that one). And by the way, she loved it. 5 - Milkshake options are endless. Make something up and ask for it. It's probably available. Don't think too hard. Just go with your gut feeling, especially if your gut is telling you "Mint Oreo Milkshake."6 - Don't save your burger to eat it later. It's really tempting to start snacking on those hush puppies, onion rings, or cajun spiced fries, but don't fill up on the sides before getting to your burger. Theburgers here are best fresh. I tried to refrigerate a burger once to eat later, it was a solid block of food. Reheated it was fine, but what's the point? Enjoy the burger, the sides are easier to reheat (and also pretty good cold).7 - Vegetarians can eat here, but I don't suggest it. It's not easy. They don't do veggie burgers (as far as I know). And when you order a bun, CookOut style with cheese, they get a bit confused.8 - Just enjoy the inaudible speaker where you order food. That's just part of the whole experience.Remember, especially if you're visiting NC, you can't get this just anywhere. People talk about how awesome In 'N Out is and I've eaten there, CookOut is very different and a true staple of the South - just like Cheerwine. And you don't want to mess with a Southerner and her glass of Cheerwine.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,9/1/2011,175,190,7,9,8>Have you ever picked up a book based on some friend's recommendations, but never really knew the reason behind the recommendation.  So without any prior knowledge you wade into the book at 8:00 on a Tuesday night.  Fast forward 6 hours and it's 2:00am you're three-quarters of the way through Water for Elephants and you have to force yourself to put the book down and get some sleep so that you can be somewhat productive at work 4 hours from turning the lights off?  Once your eyes roll back into your skull and you're snoring so loud you wake your partner, you dream of the book?  Our first time at Six Plates...was just like that.  We stopped in after a Tax-Free Weekend run out to the Tanger Outlets in Mebane.   Trying to figure out if the door with a giant red curtain adorning the inside - was in fact the front door.  We parted the "Red Sea" and happened on a quaint, well adorned, sexy little spot. We grabbed a seat at the bar with the other 2 bar patrons and were quickly met by Jeff.  A great conversationalist with a wide array of knowledge of the menu, the wines, the beers and just about anything else.  So much personality and an excellent keeper of the bar.  We let him guide us to a Spanish Priorat titled Zaumau an easy drinker, medium body, good nose and not a lot of robust tannins to overpower the meal.Brit and I were now met with the ordering of the food.  Not wanting to go ALL out, but both being extremely hungry we ordered 4 "plates".  We started off with the sautéed shrimp.  Three crispy and excellently prepared NC jumbo shrimp lay on top of a bed of white bean salad.  Good acidity from the corn vinaigrette and sweetness from the beans.  Starting off on a high note, Brit and I were both concerned with the inevitable let down.  We were hoping for at least another dish that met the excellence of this starter.  What showed up next were two sliders and a setting of house made BBQ potato chips.  Chili spiced beef just oozed moist goodness.  The slaw added a hint of sweet/tartness.  The cheddar and whole grain mustard just elevated into a whole new level of delectable taste bud porn.  The chips were crispy, dusted generously with BBQ seasonings and I could've had a giant bag of them.  Now the odds are stacked against Six Plates.  2 dishes, each excellent, and now I'm expecting the anticlimactic third dish.But I was wrong - The seared flank steak kept the same level as the previous dish.  While not surpassing it, it was every bit as good as the sliders.  The steak was well cooked, and the only area of this dish that caused it to not surpass the previous dish was the quesadilla.  I think a saltier cheese would've offset the caramelized onion-pepper-corn stuffing.   The fresh salsa and what was called an avocado lime foam was more a mousse, but was every bit as good.The final dish of the night was by far the highlight.  Unexpectedly for me, after my first bite I said out loud - "Who the hell is this guy?" Referencing the chef who was putting dishes out the pass.  What sick, twisted mind would ever pair the following ingredients together and think they would work?  This isn't Grant Achatz - but if this guy keeps doing dishes of this quality and this flavor complexity.  Grant better look over his shoulder.  Chef put a round form of ginger sesame granola as a base.  On top of which he added a  inch round of watermelon.  On top of this he piled the "Tuna Tartare".  Good sized chunks of tuna in a sauce.  Highly skeptical until my first bite - and then I couldn't have enough.  Unreal.  Now fully sated, I couldn't walk away without some dessert wine and their mint-vanilla ice cream cake.  A bit of a miss on this one in my opinion.  This dish is a deconstructed ice-cream cake, but the mint was so overpowering it completely masked the nuances and nutty spiciness of the vanilla.  While being crisp and refreshing, I would've liked to have had more vanilla on the palette.  The dessert wine I had - Bugey Cerdon-  was sweet without being overly cloying.  No lingering coating of excessive sweetness some dessert wines or ports leave behind.  I'm cheating on my Raleigh stomping grounds, but this place is my new favorite in the area.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2011,8/31/2011,108,135,9,19,13>OK, now...I'm gonna be point-blank about this...Orchid Japanese Restaurant is AYCE and anything we threw at them, well...they took it!I am so impressed with how they handled the onslaught of sushi / apps and desserts and...things that weren't even on the menu...Orchid Sushi...These People...we asked for veggie tempura. It's NOT on the menu at all and they did it. And it was delicious. They made sh*t up on the fly for basically free. And it was awesomely good. We even stayed 30 min. after closing and they made jokes and were solidly awesome even while closing the door behind us. That's class and style right there.Everything was fresh. Everyone was friendly and accommodating. I really couldn't have asked for more. I really hope they keep it up. Anyone who hasn't made the trek up to Orchid should check themselves 'fore they wriggity-wreck themselves!
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2011,8/30/2011,30,366,7,6,4>I'm a fan of Rockford, and I've talked many people out of going to 518 West in exchange for Rockford.There's a hipster vibe, but the food is usually decent, although I've had a few uninspired dishes (I've found the eggplant sandwich and the potato salad both a little lacking).Excellent selection for Vegetarians, although Vegans might be a little hard pressed. I recommend the Pimento Cheese Sandwich. Expect to pay about $10-15 a person, without alcohol. I prefer to come here for dinner, over lunch, as the lunch menu is a bit more limited. Parking can suck big time on Glenwood South during busy times (Fri, Sat nights). There's a few pay lots around, but to be honest, I usually park in the Creamery parking lot and haven't been towed yet*.(*=I am not responsible if you get your car towed!)
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,8/29/2011,295,331,7,9,7>Just when I was dreading the drive to Chapel Hill or Raleigh, Hunky Dory opened less than a mile from my office, and more or less saved my life (that's vaguely hyperbolic, but, you know, I'm really excited).The bong selection could be better, but the bowl selection is impressive: nearly all hand-blown, local pieces, with a few quality pieces from California thrown in for good measure (let's face it, those Californians know what they're doing).  Lots of colors, shapes, sizes, and they are all just lovely and of good quality.  There are also some aluminum grinders, dugouts, one hitters, cigarette bats, bubblers, carrying cases, plus papers, screens, and other accessories.  I didn't notice any vaporizers.Today I purchased a PURE Glass---having grown up in Germany, I can see the similarities to ROOR---water bong for $150, marked down from $180 just because the lovable (st)owner, Michael Bell, felt like being benevolent (that, and I allowed him to casually upsell me from a $100 piece) and perhaps because of our mutual love for David Bowie (we had a nice little conversation about 'Low' side A vs. side B; I think I convinced him to give side B another go).Michael is knowledgeable and friendly.  Filled two bongs with water for me to try out before I made my decision, then let me split the purchase between my credit and debit cards (apparently today's a good day for over-sharing ...) for this un-budgeted little post-Christmas splurge, so I'm a fan.  Good music playing in the shop, too, and lots of vinyl, replica concert posters, Snorg t-shirts and other clothing, dirty card- and board games, and some other just totally random-yet-amusing shit sprinkled throughout.  Plus, the store dog is super sweet and loves being petted.There's definitely room to expand---the place has a fairly open layout for a kitsch / smoke shop---and I'll definitely be back.  Park on Ninth Street or in the parking lot across the street.  Hunky Dory has a temporary sign and is right in line with International Delights and Bean Traders, etc.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,8/28/2011,23,286,,6,4>Had dinner here last night based on a recommendation from a friend. Four of us came for dinner after doing the Segway tour and we all loved it. The atmosphere is warm and welcoming, the servers were all great, and there were so many things on the menu that we wanted to try that we had a really hard time deciding what to order. On top of that, the prices are reasonable too.  We ended up wth brisket sliders with horseradish as a starter and they were soooo good. A couple of us got house salads which were not your normal house salad, they had strawberries, mandarin oranges and water melon in them. Yum. My friend and her husband split a salad that had goat cheese and some nuts and they loved it. Our main courses were the special (striped bass), steak frites, sausage platter, and the lobster mac and cheese. They were all outstanding and generous portions, I really don't know how they do it for the price. For dessert we split an order of the apple fritters and they were so good.  We will definitely be back! My only small complaint is that the wine list was very small. I hadn't heard of any of the wines on the list, but the cabernet that we ordered was quite nice. They also have a number of interesting sounding cocktails and a house made white sangria.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,8/27/2011,48,186,3,6,4>While cruising Cary looking for new neighborhoods to plunder, we came across Ruckus Pizza.  It was about 4 p.m. on a Sunday and we had skipped lunch due to the time change so my kids were ravenous.We sat outside in the covered patio area.  They have several televisions which had on basketball games.  The patio was not crowded and honestly I didn't notice a whole lot of people inside at the bar, either.We ordered the kids Macaroni & Cheese and butter noodles, I ordered the Caeser salad & fried pickles and my husband got the Turkey Avocado BLT.Macaroni & Cheese:  5/5 excellent.  Youngest son in heaven and shared with older brother.Butter noodles:  2/5.  Plain.  Boring.  No flavor at all.  My son was very disappointed.Caeser salad: 4/5.  Small.  YUMMY dressing and served with pesto crostini to die for.  I could have eaten double this amount easily, and should have for the price.  The portion is much too small for $6.50 a plate.  (Lettuce is cheap to buy!!)Fried Pickles:  1/5.  YUCK.  I have had excellent fried pickles and these were not one of them.  Super super sliced thin and the insides are sogged out completely.  They put so much breading on them that really the only thing you are eating is breading.  I bet for the whole plate (which cost $6) they use one pickle.  Seriously.  I complained and they took it off the bill so the customer service is really good.  Pickles just are not.Turkey Avocado BLT:  4/5.  They had no tomatoes.  So really it was a BL.  My husband said it was really good regardless, but would have been excellent had they had tomatoes.  He also loved the pasta salad served with the sandwich.  He also ordered a Corona with lime and the lime was too big to stick into the bottle, so the bartender wasn't watching the cut very well.  (It happens.)Overall I am very pleased with this restaurant and will definitely come back to try other pasta dishes and the pizza everyone seems to rave about.  We didn't order pizza because we'd had it the night before.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2011,8/26/2011,56,201,5,14,8>Al fin... ¡Gracias, Roberto!I've missed Cuban food.  I've missed Cuban food most of my adult life, despite an occasional fling with it during my travels.  Now that the Cuban *fad* has passed the Triangle and more authentic Cuban restaurants are coming in (apparently) to stay, my taste buds are once again happy.  But face it, there's more to Cuban food than a HUGE meal.  Enter the Old Havana Sandwich Shop... just the right size for the middle of the day!I visited there today for the first time, along with my wife and my 89-year old mother - and was very, very pleased.  My "Havana" sandwich had the right amount of mojo to balance the mustard and pickle - and that's where most places selling "Cuban sandwiches" fall down.  (Yes, the pork and ham have to be excellent as well - that goes without saying... and getting the bread from Guglhupf Bakery was an absolute coup!   ...but the mojo is the heart of this sandwich - and it is superb here!)  My wife had the "Luncheon Plate," and I've got to tell you that you HAVE to ask for the spoonful of pork drippings on your rice - it makes all of the difference in the world!  (...straight out of my Tío Monín's kitchen!)Afterward, my wife and I had a 'cafecito,' and my mom had the cafe con leche.  THE CAFECITOS WERE FREE WITH A YELP CHECK-IN COUPON.  I wanted to make that clear, just so there are no misunderstandings - but those of you that read my reviews know that I  cannot be bought with a cafecito... and so this review is the same as it would have been without the freebies.  That said, my cafecito was spot-on, and my wife claims that hers was too, although hers was decaffeinated, and I just can't see how that can be called the same thing.  As for my mom - I don't think I recall her drinking a cafe con leche with such gusto in many, many years.  It put a genuine smile on her face, and even she is asking when we can go back - she wants to try different things there!  (Really?  Can this be the same woman that hardly eats anymore?)  She's raving about the maduros.  ¡Gracias a Diós!It was a special treat to meet the owners:  Roberto, who was born in the same town as I... and his charming wife, whose name I didn't catch... but I shall next time!  I am adding this place to my favorites list!
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,8/25/2011,50,82,10,13,3>Buy the hype.This place reminds me a little, and I caution A LITTLE, of Rosa Mexicana.  Nice casual vibe, comfortable seating areas, good for groups, and fantastic service.Now, I won't be able to go into too much detail on the beverage side.  Tequila and I had a fight a few years back, and well, tequila won in a landslide.  So, he's not invited over anymore.  However, my friends all rave about the tequila sampling, and of course, the margaritas that they make as well.  If only I had practiced self control that one night in June so many years ago...Food is fantastic.  I've been three times now, and have had the entrees on two of these visits. If you like steak, then you've come to the right spot.  Of course, on my third visit, I did the taco combo option.  No words, just sweet taco dreams and a craving to return and devour more.Want to impress a girl?  Parents going to be in town and are guaranteed they're picking up the check?  This is the place to go.  Not to mention, super convenient on weekends with available parking.  Word of caution, do not dine and leave your car in the lot for the rest of the night.  The guy at the gate is pretty hardcore about tracking people coming in or out...Final note:  MAKE RESERVATIONS!  Even on a Sunday night, you run the risk of being rejected if you try and walk in.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,8/24/2011,21,60,4,8,3>What do you expect?  It's a grilled cheese bus...  it has...  well, grilled cheese.  And pretty much only grilled cheese, but fortunately, it's a very good grilled cheese- crunchy on the outside, gooey on the inside - with your choice of breads (white and sourdough were the options when I went) and your choice of cheeses (cheddar, pepperjack and pimento).  Bacon optional (but recommended) and served with some tomato soup "dipping sauce" (just a little thicker than a normal soup making it perfect for, well, dipping.)(And they take credit cards!  Bonus!)
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,9/13/2011,173,287,,5,4>YUMMY. The amount of food you get is kind of ridiculous. I might go so far as to say that you can share an entree. Vegetable samosas - Yea, definitely the best I have ever had. The puffs were crisp and tender at the same time. The filling was soft and at first tasted sweet, but then gave a sour punch. The brown sauce that came with it - What was that? Because it was DELICIOUS! So, I have to insert the entree I ate from the online menu because I am not too familiar with Indian cuisine : "Beef Curry Thali Minka Farms grass-fed grain-finished beef in a rich garam masala, star anise, coconut milk gravy. Served on a thali with rice, dal, bhaji, chutney, chapati and pappadum. $17" The beef curry was very, very tender. Fall over on itself with spicilious-ness amazing. The grass fed beef part ? Yea, it's legit and you can taste the difference. The yogurt concoction - yup sweet and refreshing and helped me de-stress. The tandoori chicken was surprisingly moist. Every time I have had tandoori chicken it has been dry, not this chicken. Go for it and don't be afraid - moist and flavorful. The only downside is that we waited 40 minutes for our order, which would have been okay, but I was starving. Upside - the dinner reheats really well in the microwave for a next day lunch/dinner.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2011,9/12/2011,69,760,,5,5>Wow, talk about a HUGE pie!  I walked in for takeout just in time as a crowd of about 20 people walked in behind me 2 minutes later.  The pie for my office was ready and I talked it up with the guy at the counter about the yelp ratings for Randy's.So, I'm torn between A-OK and Yay! I'm a fan.  The service is awesome, the pizza is huge, the crust is great and the slices hang off both sides of a plate.  On the downside, the toppings seemed a little skimpy, and for pizza, it just seemed so-so, the taste didn't "wow" me the way the size did.  Another plus, though, is value for the money.  That huge pie with 4 toppings was $18.99 + tax (coupon will take a buck off).I'd like to give the place another shot, maybe with different toppings and see if I come away with a different attitude about it.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,9/11/2011,38,237,2,8,4>German restaurants are not super common in the US, but I feel quite privileged to live down the road from an awesome one!I've tried a few of "THE HUPF'S" offerings:LUNCH - It was a little crowded. You order your lunch at the counter, take a number to a table, and they bring it out to you. I had a delicious turkey/apple/brie sandwich with some sort of ginger soup. Didn't have to wait too longBAKERY -  The bakery is located next door, where you can buy fresh made bread, pastries, desserts, and a few other German goods (wish they had German chocolate! Kinder, Rittersport, Milka). I picked up a baguette and a couple of croissants. They were very yummy and fresh!DINNER - It was also a little crowded and we waited a couple minutes to be seated. It's funny because I was looking around and said in my head, "Gee, I hope they don't sit us right next to the live music." Annnd we were seated right next to the live music. But it wasn't too loud, as I had feared. The live piano was really nice! We got a cheese plate as an appetizer. It was really good, but you might want to skip it unless you are super hungry (since you will NEED to get dessert). I was very excited because they had my favorite style of sour beer that usually only German restaurants carry: Berliner Weisse!!! I love it, and it's probably pretty hard to find around here. We both had delicious Schnitzel, and we got a chocolate cake dessert that was... to DIE for! Pure chocolate heaven.Not only is this one of the best restaurants in Durham, but if you love German food, you be quite pleased. Guglholf gefällt mir gut!
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,9/10/2011,59,219,5,8,6>We just came back from a meal tonight with the in laws and our burgeoning family (expectant mom). This was a second time here and this time we ventured out of the usual Dan Dan Noodles (you've got to love a noodle named after myself!) and XLBs....here's how everything went down.First off, the XLB's (xiao long bao), those famous Shanghai soup dumplings, really are worth the trip as others have said. Amazingly succulent with a full flavored broth inside. For me I've always associated XLB's since my days of running around Houston's Chinatown on Bellaire Blvd with my parents. Waiting patiently for that moment to put those hot steamy dumplings into a soup spoon.....carefully biting the top off and slurping the tasty broth out of the little lantern packages....and then adding that malt vinegar with thin slices of ginger on top of it after trying to take the whole thing in one bite....It's just that combination of flavour, texture and THIN dumpling skin that transports me back to my memories of XLB. And yes, AG does it well bar none. In fact, last August we went to Toronto for some dumplings and (as much as I hate to say it) these XLB's were hands down better than the one we had at Mother's Dumpling. If you've never tried them...or if you've had them elsewhere, AG makes a mean batch of them...in 2 fillings no less - crab & pork and pork alone. As for the rest of the menu, we used the mother & dad to translate most of the menu and our "small" meal consisting of the lion's head meatballs, braised pork, spicy chicken and eggplant, fish fillet in spicy chile oil, and 2 orders of the XLBs were all met with satisfaction. From an overall perspective, the XLBs were the star and is the main reason this place gets a 5 star. The lion's head meatballs - 4 whopping pork meatballs with minced chestnuts usually fried and then braised - were tender in a melt in yout mouth sort of way. The sauce was flavourful and perfectly suited to the rice. The Shanghai style braised pork was good, but not as tender as I've had in the past. Think of it as a braised pork back....thick cut but layered with all of that marbled fat.....the fish and the chicken dish weren't the best of the group, but we came away fully satisfied. Our biggest complaint was the price. It's still a bit high....compared to other cities that carry these same dishes. Yet...if you're nearby and on the north side of Raleigh, it's worth the trip. Hell, we drove out from Chapel Hill the second time with the parental units just to have the XLBs!5 whopping stars just for the XLBs. 4.5 for the Lions head meatballs and 3.5 -3 for the remaining 3 dishes. For doing one thing well....well, I have to give them credit and my 5 stars! Go there. Go there now. Salvation in the form of dumpling therapy awaits you!
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,9/9/2011,33,73,6,10,6>2 Appetizers and 2 entrees with heaping portions for $30? Bloody Tops.Stinky tofu spelled stinqy tofu on itemized receipt? Engrish ftw.Had the scallion beef pancake rolls; just the right amount of hoisin inside, and not greasy on the outside. Stinqy tofu is one of those love/hate things, but I really like it (can't comment on the stinqy rating since I haven't had it before). Pork chop was great, Ja-jung noodles were an endless pit of lovely ground pork and noodles.Another great addition to the area that provides diversity to ethnic cuisine; not like every other Chinese place with combo 1-56. We are lucky to have several Szechuan cuisine around the area, now add a Taiwanese joint to the list.Great friendly staff to boot I may add.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2011,9/8/2011,100,280,3,11,8>Bread & Kabob is exactly what Durham needs.  I've complained for months that downtown Durham lacks any type of ethnicity or late-night food spots not revolving around Papa John's & Dominoes.Turns out Bread & Kabob was once open a while back (circa late 90s, early 2000s) and closed to become the 1013 W. Main Bar due to the influence of some outside investors.  But since late June 2011, the owner (Zeke) told me that his family is bringing back Bread & Kabob, but better and cooler than ever before!!  A great example of how DT Durham is changing!We walked by and I had noticed the "Bread & Kabob" sign a week or so ago, but Mark W. convinced me to check it out tonight.  They have a lunch and dinner buffet for $7.99 that ends at 9pm.  But it's a bit limited with 3/4 veggies, 2 chicken dishes, 2 types of rice, and a small accompanying salad bar.  However, Zeke did mention that his family will expand the buffet around Thanksgiving break and even plans on doing a nice dinner on Friday nights with a belly dancer and live music!  Since it was late and we already had dinner cooking at home, we decided to go with a simple lamb kabob sandwich.  FANTASTIC.  Lamb was flavorful and lean, pita was nice and soft, toppings were fresh (sometimes you get pitas with wilted lettuce).  Our only complaint is that we wanted MORE.  The cost of $6.99 may seem a bit steep for just a lamb pita, but it was very good.  Apparently, it's kosher New Zealand lamb leg that they cut up & marinate in-house.Their family is Afghani, but a lot of the dishes are Indian-ish.  He told us the main difference is that Afghani food is just as flavorful, but not as spicy.  Also, the bread part comes from their homemade Afghani bread (sorta looks like Persian lavash bread that my mom buys).I honestly cannot wait to go back again and am really excited to see all the changes the owners are planning!  I also saw a couple chilling on the patio with their dinner and a hookah, an already exciting offering in DT Durham!
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,9/7/2011,265,208,9,13,8>This... is dangerous. I mean, they have WINE TASTING MACHINES, people. I am in trouble. An extremely knowledgeable gentleman (read: horrible horrible enabler) named Seth sold us this wonderful little card that, once inserted into said machine, allows you to select your wine and pour size and go to town on a selection of twelve wines. Find your fav and take a bottle home (or, like us, realize you have too many uncorked at home already and just leave slightly tipsy and feeling more confident in your wine education). This is what shopping for wine should be like. The guys running it know more about their stock than should be legal. It's evident the shop's selection was lovingly and thoughtfully picked, and that makes for a kid-in-a-candy-store type experience for any wine lover (even those of us who still aren't sure how to pronounce the names of the wines we love...).And for those of you who love to entertain, the shop also carries a good assortment of cheeses (many local) and snacks as well as an unusual selection of imported beers for your suds-loving dinner guests.And to you three who run this place... we're about to be best buds.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2011,9/6/2011,24,139,5,6,6>Props to Yas A. for getting the first to review, even though she failed to mention that all the food she reviewed was coming straight off my plate! ;)  Legitimate props to Yas for having the idea and dragging us there on opening night, though -- I usually avoid openers because I hate crowds, and expected with the Indy Week cover story this would be no exception. What a pleasant surprise -- all the tables were full, with a small wait, but certainly not a crowd. I blame the sneaky opening/not particularly well announced opening date. Works for me. We just went for drinks and a couple sides. I was concerned about the thing called "pimento cheese mac n cheese custard" -- what is that, savory creme brulee? -- but of course I had to try it. It was more like a great twist on standard, good mac n cheese. The biscuits were triangles -- the shape reminded me a little of baklava -- and tasty. I recommend an extra side car of honey butter. (More like butter honey -- the butter just hides in there til you taste it. Oh my, it was good!) Really impressive dessert list. Oh yeah, the chicken looked good too. That's what we get for "just going for drinks." Check out the cocktail list (careful though, at $9 each). The bacon drink didn't taste nearly enough like bacon, just like booze. The bloody mary got rave reviews from my friends who like such things. The Norman Collins was delicious and refreshing. I'm curious about the Beasley's Rum & Cola ("Popcorn buttered rum, Cola"), but didn't get around to trying it. Always next time. I'm more of a beer drinker, and I love that they have such a nice selection of NC beers. The Huske Hardware Red Ale was nice, and I've never had it before -- always good to see new things. I wish I had done another, since the Weeping Willow I followed up with -- which I've liked by itself before -- was too rich for the food I was eating. All are $5, which isn't exactly cheap but certainly beats the prices at some other places Downtown. We got a chance to talk a bit with the now-famous owner, who was wandering around throughout the evening saying hello to her patrons. A very nice touch. I think we'll all be back.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2011,9/5/2011,230,281,8,13,6>Welcome to Raleigh, Simply Crepes.With two locations in upstate NY (my former stomping grounds), it's a bit of a mystery why they chose North Raleigh for location #3. Maybe there's a crepe neediness map of the United States, and North Raleigh/Wake Forest were ranking high. Well, they fit right in at Lafayette Village. If I didn't know any better, I would have guessed they were the first occupant.I visited on day #3, and was craving a breakfast crepe around noon. I went with the crepes benedict with a side of home fries. It was delicious, though I actually think the way to go here (for breakfast) is one of the sweeter options like the traditional, strawberry, or raspberry crepes. The home fries were great... but one side of them is probably good enough for two people. Unless, of course, those two people happen to be Drew Carey and Kevin from The Office.Because my friend and I were seated near the kitchen, it was fascinating watching all of the orders come up to the window (a non-heated counter in this case). Some of the entrees looked amazing. I overhead kitchen staff commenting on one particular entree that looked "beautiful". It did.The menu has petite and regular dessert crepes. I went with a petite All-American, which is an assortment of fruit served a la mode. When it arrived, it was much larger than I expected. It turns out they only have regular crepes right now. It could get messy, but I suggest splitting a regular if you can.The interior of the restaurant is very nice and clean. I'll definitely stop back the next time I feel like taking a trip up to North Raleigh. It's a bit of a trek from downtown, but it's worth it! And since I'm FTR, let's get this out of the way:Simply Crepes is (drums: dun duh dun duh dun duh) simply irresistible.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2010,9/3/2011,136,284,3,8,3>I really love this place. The ambiance is cozy and inviting...and the smells are crazy-good. I dare you not to head straight for the pastries/breads when you walk in the door. There are usually samples waiting for you when you enter and it's typically pretty busy, especially on the weekends.The Creme Brulee French Toast is delicious and it's totally worth the calories. It comes with fresh fruit, which clearly off-sets how bad the whole meal probably is for you. My secret true-love though, are the cinnamon/white chocolate scones. Jeez Louise. Those are truly worth the trip. I've been known to stop for just a latte in the morning and come out with a latte and two of these scones. They're that good. You can almost taste the butter!The Croque Madame is also sinful and should be avoided by anyone with high cholesterol. If this is not you, have at it! This thing is so good. The cheese, the egg, the ham, the bread....ugh. I want it. You WILL BE full. You may also have to nap.The coffee drinks are also very good. When you order a latte in-house, they typically do some kind of art on top of your foam. I've audibly mumbled "ooh so pretty!" almost every time. Can't speak for the lunch or dinner menu, but definitely check La Farm out.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,2/6/2010,40,55,2,7,5>Is this a joke?  No reviews for Chaz's Bull City Records???  Come on people!  This is Durham's own hometown record store.  There's always a friendly dog in the corner, a couch to sink into and a wall of new releases to tempt you.  Chaz himself is a delight who always makes less-than-hip people like me feel comfortable in his little store.  He's got great suggestions for new (and not-so-new) music that you will love but might have missed otherwise.If you saw it on Pitchfork, Chaz has it.  And if it isn't on Pitchfork yet (or ever), Chaz probably has that too.  Or he'll order it for you :)
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2010,2/5/2010,15,7,,5,3>The Station is one of my most favorite places in the world!  There's never a cover, there are always great bands & DJs, the food is wonderful, everyone is friendly, and the people watching is great!It is rare in the Triangle to find a place that offers great music for free multiple times a week.  From swanky instrumental bands to awesome indie rock bands to great DJ dance parties, The Station has it covered.  And on days there is no featured music there are often other events going on such as the hardest trivia you've ever experienced on Wednesday nights, an awesome setup for basketball (& other sports) watching, and random benefit events.Most importantly, I always feel comfortable at The Station, even when having to wait for long periods by myself for friends to arrive.  There is plenty to look at on the walls to stay occupied, tvs to watch which usually either play sports or random indie films, or you can chat with a friendly bartender.  I never feel that awkward need to check my cell phone/look out the door every minute & will my friends to hurry up.All in all, I just love the laid back ambiance combined with the great selection of events resulting in a cheap, fun night out!
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2010,2/4/2010,32,22,4,6,3>I just love this little place!My first favorite is the Southern Pecan Roast coffee (by Larry's Beans).  They always have it brewed, and it is delicious!  I usually buy a pound of it to bring home because I love it so much...it's just a little pricey by the pound, but worth every penny!I tend to stick with my favorites, so I haven't tried too many of their crepes.  My favorite is the western omelet ~ perfect portion and it comes with a small side of salsa.  For my sweet tooth, I LOVE the strawberry crepe with Nutella....ohhh so delightful! Also, the banana Nutella crepe.... They make them perfectly.I agree with others that the girls behind the counter could stand to be a little more friendly, but, ahh, the food makes up for it.  I make it a point to stop in here every time I come to Crossroads.  It's worth it to skip the drive thru at Starbucks (across the street) to get a cup of the Southern Pecan Roast!!!
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2010,2/3/2010,295,331,2,7,4>As you may be able to tell from the photos I've posted, I'm a regular at Cat's Cradle.  I can't even tell you how many shows I've attended there.  What I love about the Cradle is that the tickets are always cheap---and they use eTix for online purchases, which only has a $1.25 fee; take that, Ticketmaster!---and they get everyone from local favorites to big names.  The stage is small, but I've seen of Montreal, Ra Ra Riot, Los Campesinos!, Camera Obscura, and A. C. Newman here, and none of them had difficulty fitting all of their bandmates on stage and putting on a helluva show.I've been to a lot of sold-out shows here: Andrew Bird with St. Vincent, The Ting Tings, of Montreal, Cut Copy, Yeasayer, etc.  It gets hot and crowded during sold-out shows, particularly in the summer.  There are AC and ceiling fans, but they only sort of work.  Dress lightly in the warm months.  And I've been to shows that have only sold a handful of tickets, which ended up being some of the best shows I've ever seen.One of the great things about being in a venue this intimate is that amateur photographers---like myself---can always get good photos.And they've got beers from Carolina Brewery on tap.  I recommend the Copperline.  Delicious.  They also sell sodas and water and beer in cans.  They have a coat check at the bar and also sell Cat's Cradle merch---American Apparel Ts, etc.---and earplugs there.  I would recommend wearing earplugs, at least lightly in your ears, if you plan to watch a show from up front.  It gets loud and will definitely leave you with a case of the ol' club ear.  The bar is cash-only (there's an ATM inside).  The staff are efficient, yet laid-back.There are video games and some couches in the room by the bar.  This room is never as packed as the area with the stage, so you can take a break from the crowd here or check the score on their ginormous television.The bathrooms are grimy and in disrepair.  So what?Parking is a pain in the ass.  There are almost no parking spots in front of the venue and, if you think you see one, odds are it's reserved for Visart, the indie movie rental place next door.  Park in one of the Carrboro town gravel lots (next to and behind the Armadillo grill) and walk over.  Parking in the town lots is free, but just make sure you don't park in one with a "towing enforced" sign.Head across the street to Mill Town or The Station afterward.  Great beers on tap.This place is awesome.  It is by far my favorite music venue in the Triangle.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2010,2/2/2010,65,186,3,4,5>So it might look a little scary from the outside. Everything including the giant, barn-shaped building, is painted yellow, pink, white and red. Even a small outbuilding is painted all circus freak. But this place has pretty good food. After a recent trip to Triangle Indian Market, I was dying of thirst and thought that rather than buy Maaza juices at TIM, I'd like a nice cold Diet Coke from Circus. I had not been to Circus in at least three years. I'd forgotten how bizarre it is and how much I love it. In an abyss of corporate dining in Cary, Circus sits opposite little India, waiting for people to discover it. They serve pink, Southern-style hot dogs, so if you think they're gross, skip it. While I'm not a huge fan of milkshakes, I have tried them at Circus and found them to be quite tasty. They have a lot of flavors and add seasonal flavors to their offerings for a limited time. What I enjoy about Circus is the peculiarities of the place. The handwritten signs, the creative marketing, the completely bizarre color choices. The Diet Coke that I ordered recently was the best Diet Coke I can remember having in recent years. I was very thirsty, so I ordered a large. The large is a massive tub of Styrofoam, complete with yellow and red stripes and the Circus logo, which is just, circus-sy. What is bizarre about this tanker of a cup, is that there is a fill to here line for milkshakes. We laughed uncontrollably in our car trying to figure out what type of human creature could actually go about the task of drinking the milkshake that is served in the tanker, poured to the fill line. OMG. Talk about brain freeze. The guy at the drive thru is extremely nice and sets out to ensure your trip to the circus is memorable. Good times.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2009,2/1/2010,611,755,4,10,3>It's always a challenge doing sequels when the original is so darn good.  Sometimes it works out well, like the movies Godfather and Godfather II.  Other times the sequel is not nearly as successful, think the Matrix and Matrix Reloaded.  Thankfully, Sawasdee Thai II doesn't disappoint, it delivers everything the original does, plus a bit more!  (Fellow Yelper David S. will hopefully have a review soon for this place :) What was some of the best Thai food in the Triangle now has expanded to two locations.  You can go to the cozy original on Capital Boulevard or go a bit more upscale on Glenwood.  Sawasdee II's new space is more traditional with lots of woods and nice leather chairs.  Although they've kept the signature yellow wall, the decor is more subdued and the location is way bigger.  They're still working on the place but it looks great right now.  Outside of some tight booths (seriously, you may not be able to get yourself out after a large meal), seating space has at least doubled.  They've also got a long u-shaped bar and what looks to be a party/private room.  Plenty of room to grow into and it all feels comfortable.  The food is just as tasty as before, I ordered some spring rolls and chicken pad thai.  Portions were largish and the pad thai was well done: just the right amount of sweetness, large pieces of chicken with the peanuts and bean sprouts on the side.  Service was VERY good and attentive, thanks to a great waiter.  I'll be back soon but for now I'm moving my five star rating over to this new location.  I think you'll find it's the same great thai food in a nicer, more spacious environ.  It's always a pleasant surprise when the sequel lives up to or outdoes the original and I'm glad to say that Sawasdee Thai has pulled it off!
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2009,1/30/2010,43,11,,11,6>One word: Unique.Foundation is the, err, umm, well cornerstone of what local bars should aspire to be.Don't saunter down the steps into Foundation's basement location expecting to slam tequila or pound Drambuie. With the exception of one Champagne in stock to highlight the owner's French background, everything here is from the U.S.Foundation makes its own sodas, the beers on tap are all from local breweries, the rum is from the U.S. Virgin Islands and the whiskeys, oh the whiskeys!This place has a great American whiskey selection. They have a huge list of bourbons, from Jim Bean to single barrel small batch bourbons. They also have at least three ryes in stock, a wheat whisky and, of course, your Tennessee whiskeys.The staff is always helpful, and more than willing to discuss their unique offerings, like the 100 proof applejack I tried on a recent visit.Their cocktails are seasonal, and include some great offerings. This summer I had one of their cucumber-flavored drinks and loved it. They have a special selection of cocktails available on Sundays for $5, so it is a great time to check out some of their selections.Foundation is the only place in town that I know of that carries both mead and corn whiskey (legal, taxed moonshine).Below is a Facebook status update Faoundation recently posted (I left it as-is, typos and all):"open at noon today! BLOODY MARYS with all NC farmer's market ingredients. moonshine, tomato water, okra pickle and sungold tomato! $5 dollar classi cocktail menu. two blocks of street painting right outside the front door. last day of SPARKcon!"Now, Foundation is not the cheapest place -- unique offerings come with a price. I mean, you can find Jack Daniels a dollar cheaper at other bars, so if you are looking for "usual, expected and inexpensive," stay far away. Your rum and Coke is not going to taste like a rum and Coke from down the street (Even Foundation's ice cubes are large and unique).However if you are open to trying something new while hanging out in a cool, quirky location, stop in, browse the menu, ask questions and explore!
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2010,1/29/2010,105,145,4,10,6>Wow! A real Szechuan (Sichuan???) restaurant within driving distance! Ron W and I hit the spot up for lunch, and I have to say that I'm really impressed. Good Szechuan food is extremely hard to find, even in larger cities. While most Chinese places claim to serve Szechuan cuisine or have a few items from the provence on the menu, it is rare that you'll find one that is truly authentic.For the uninitiated, Szechuan cuisine is known for being spicy. Yes, it can be extremely fiery stuff, but one thing that make it unique is Szechaun peppercorns. These aren't actually peppers, but are the outer pods of a fruit. They actually cause a tingly numbness on the tongue and lips. Used together with fiery chili peppers, it is the key ingredient to creating Ma La (literally "numb spicy"), the signature flavor of Szechuan cusine. Ma La was present in the dishes Ron and I tried.Our lunch consisted of dried tofu in red oil, szechuan green beans, twice cooked pork, and fish 35. The tofu was alright. The green beans and fish were fantastic. The fish was fried and then tossed with chilis, peppercorns, garlic and scallions. I got it extra spicy. Delicious! Left a great burn and numbness to the mouth and combined well with the oily sweetness of the fish (grouper in this case). Ron's twice cooked pork looked fantastic, even to this non-meat eater. They prepare it in the traditional fashion. Slivers of bacon smothered in leeks with a touch of chilis. They also offer intestines and kidneys on the menu prepared Szechuan style. If you really want to try something authentic, give these a try.Was too stuffed to try the desserts, but they also offer traditional dessert dishes like Eight Treasure Rice and some sweet congees. The desserts are for more than one person, so don't fly solo if you want something sweet.Service and atmosphere were good. Location is kind of odd. It's in an office building. Price given the quantity and quality of the food is a stellar deal. I'm going to have to hand it to 35 Restaurant...it's the best, most authentic Chinese food I've had in North Carolina.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2009,1/28/2010,62,275,5,10,5>All that come to mind are superlatives. Don't go anywhere else in North Carolina until you have tried Poole's. I regret every minute that I have lived in the area and not known about this culinary wonderland (it has now claimed the title of my favorite joint in Raleigh, and I don't just throw those accolades around). As we walked out from our late-night (they are open until midnight on the weekends) bite last night, sublimely full and happy, I thought about whether there was anything that could have possibly improved the experience and I couldn't think of a thing. Good;Ambiance- this is what diners are like in heaven. Right here in Raleigh, folks.Service- attentive, knowledgeable, non-invasive, perfect. Booze- Beautifully composed wine selection and drink list. We didn't order anything from the bar this trip, but absolutely will next time.Food-SUPERB. She makes her own butter. Butter! Who does that? It was agonizing to order because we were starving and everything sounded amazing. She levels her astonishing talents upon fresh local ingredients and the result is nothing short of spectacular. The menu exists on an ever-changing chalkboard according to what is in season or of particular interest to the chef that day. We had the fresh corn soup,  w/fresh baked bread, and a side of the freshest, most mouthwatering patty pan squash imaginable. And I challenge the reviewer who claims his mac & cheese to be superior to Poole's glorious rendition to a side-by-side comparison. She puts a pinch of nutmeg in it which is MY closely guarded family secret but even I know when I am bested.Bad:Eventually having to leave.They are only open WED-SAT (Open for Sunday Brunch)
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2009,1/27/2010,89,99,8,7,8>The Lantern might possibly be the best place to breakup with someone because they can' t possibly throw a fit here when eating deliciousness!  Note: I have not done any breaking up with anyone at Lantern, nor do I plan to at this time. I have been going here since the place opened, and it is possibly the most reliably consistently good place around, especially considering their commitment to using as much local food sources as possible. For people that say they want to support local farms this is one of the best places to eat out (Panzanella and Crook's Corner being other places). Yes you pay a little more maybe, but the taste and quality is worth it and the power of your dollar spent is threefold which in turn is cheaper for you in the long run. I do have a few tips .. if you order a fish, it may come with a head.  The flesh on a fish's head is possibly one of the best bits so don't be a prude or complain about it.  Also this place isn't about being rushed, it's about having a pleasant experience and enjoying your food and drinks.  If you need food or drinks quickly, go somewhere else.  Lantern gets very busy on the weekends, so I advise going here during the week.   Finally, especially to newbies on a date,  there is no need to act pretentious or 'put on aires'.  Listen to your servers recommendations, they know what they are talking about and you cannot hope to 'one up them' or 'impress' without sounding like a douchebag.  Shut up, enjoy the experience, and let them take you on a lantern journey.  Oh I almost forgot - do not act condescending to the bar and waitstaff, of I might punch you in the face myself. Thank you Lantern for many years of happy memories and meals.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,4/28/2013,77,189,3,5,5>Trophy Brewing Co. is a great neighborhood bar and another fine option in Raleigh's already terrific beer scene. That being said, I'll give my biggest complaint right up front: they aren't in my neighborhood! Cameron Court residents consider yourselves blessed. The place isn't big, although they are expanding later this year to increase the size as well as offer some food options. The beer is great. The atmosphere relaxed and low key. Can't wait to enjoy another good beer at Trophy (and pretend I'm still in my own neighborhood).
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,4/27/2013,83,162,3,3,5>Do you desperately need a pair of squirrel underpants? If so, this is the place for you!  I've loved visiting Accipter for the last 12 years or so since I moved to Raleigh.  It's a great place to browse for a million little things, but also has a great selection of handmade and artistic offerings as well.   Every year, it's my go to place for stocking stuffers (ie squirrel tighty whiteys for my brother).  They also always have fun and whimsical ornaments, as well as more expensive, but unique items as well.  If you have time and can go when they aren't too busy, the owner is really neat to talk to- informative and very helpful if you are looking for something, but can't put your finger on exactly what you want.  This year, I bought flavored straws (strawberry and chocolate) with which to drink milk for my 5 yr old nephews and also 'the original' rubber ducky for my 6 month old niece.  I think I'll go back and buy the porcelain handmade mug from Ohio with weird alien figures painted on it for my hipster friend.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,4/26/2013,289,148,4,10,8>One thing you need to know, I rarely give out 5 stars. Take heed, sweetmeats.Cocoa Cinnamon has awesome coffee (from various sources, so cool!), an amazing staff, wonderfully sweet and warm owners, and is just so special to be inside of.How exciting this place is from the floors, to the curiosity cabinet where the condiments are, to the soon to be unveiled outdoor seating, to the every damn thing.  Truly other than my own house, this is the only coffee shop in Durham where a long time professional barista/coffee snob like me can leave smiling. Do yourself a favor, if you don't know  a lot about quality coffee, you will find out soon after you get your sweet ass to Cocoa Cinnamon.See you there.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,4/25/2013,42,129,4,13,2>I am reviewing Jennifer Weinberg photography for their classes...I have no experience with their photo shoots.Soo, what is a gal to do when her loving husband drops a load on her Christmas gift and surprises her with a Nikon D5000?!?!?  Pretend she knows how to use it? Check.  Disappoint EVERYONE with her amateur hour photog skills? Check.  Save some heartache and sign up for a JWP Mastering Manual Photography class?!?  DING DING DING...this is the winner!!!!After piddling around with my camera for (I'm embarrassed to say) 2 years, I finally decided to seek assistance.  I have already been shooting in P mode so I was a step above Basic--what the heck is white balance?!?--Camera Operation.  I signed up for a 2 hour Mastering Manual Photography class.   This class basically promises to show you how to get out of P mode and headed toward M with some serious stays in A and S in between. =)The instructor was Kate and the class had 9 participants.  Kate was a little rocky at first, but man does she know her stuff!  Once she was more comfortable with the group she really took off. I was thinking 2 hours wasn't going to be nearly enough time but the class was excellent!  She seamlessly took us through expert explanations of Aperture, Shutter Speed, ISO and more!  I feel like she finally made all of those "cheat sheets" I had pinned make sense.You aren't going to leave the class and be ready to start charging for your skills...but you will have the skills to actually practice productively.  I feel like now, if I take a picture and things don't look right, I have the skills to adjust and try to get a better picture.  It will definitely take a lot of practice (something Kate pointed out) but I am confident that I am now headed in the right direction.I do wish that there was a follow up class offered during the day, weekend maybe?  One that took you out of the studio and in to the streets...actually taking pictures.  I feel like a quick jaunt down Glenwood with Kate pointing out shots and us adjusting accordingly would have been an amazing practice.  I have already signed up for an additional photoshop class.  (Another gift from my loving husband.  Did you know that shizz doesn't even come with a manual?!?!)  I'm really looking forward to it and will definitely take more classes through JWP.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,4/24/2013,62,93,,6,4>After hearing about Super Wok from various friends, and reading the mostly glowing reviews on Yelp, I finally made the trek to Cary to try it for myself. My friend and I ordered a lot of food - like, really, a LOT - so we could sample as much as possible from the extensive menu. Overall, I enjoyed everything I had. Interestingly, the tri-pepper chicken, which gets raves on this website, was probably my least favorite of our dishes. The peppers were good, the sauce - mostly chili oil from what I could tell - was great, but the chicken itself was only so-so. It was actually better the next day, after soaking up more of the sauce overnight in the fridge.My favorite dish was the fish in spicy sauce. The fish was nicely breaded, crunchy yet tender, and the sauce was absolutely delicious - great spice! We ordered salt and pepper squid, which was well-prepared but perhaps a bit bland - until we tried dipping the pieces in the sauce from our fish dish. Oh, yeah.We did manage to order some vegetables as well. I tried lotus root for the first time, which had the crisp crunch of water chestnuts, with some yummy pork belly mixed in for added flavor. The Chinese broccoli was tasty as well.As I ate, I couldn't help looking around at what other diners were having: hot pots of noodles and soups, pea shoots, various unidentifiable meats. Everything looked amazing. Which means I will have to revisit Super Wok soon. And luckily for me, it's close enough that I would be willing to grab takeout from there, too.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,4/23/2013,38,83,4,11,7>First off, let me say that I'm not sure how any bra shopping experience could ever reach a 5, because the nature of the beast is just that you are uncomfortable and weirded out. And I'm a pretty comfortable person...I've done group performance art and been involved in plenty of open dressing rooms and sleeping arrangements.So a 4 for bra shopping is as good as it's going to get, if I'm being honest. Let me start with me: I'm a giant. 5'9", plus size, and my bra size falls somewhere in the Sofia Vergara range. So running up to the Belk's or Kohl's just doesn't work for me. You start tossing around anything larger than a "D" word and they stare blankly, or pull out a bra that literally looks like it belonged to Bea from the Golden Girls.Not at Pennyrich, thank God. I don't know why after hearing mouth to mouth recs for this place for years, I have never bothered to go. What drove me here this time was the fact that I purchased 10 bras online, excitedly ripped open the packaging when they arrived, and tried every...single...one on with no luck. TEN. Geez. So finally, I had the time and motivation to go get measured and try stuff on in a store.My bra patch lady didn't make me take my bra off, just measured underneath it and then kept bringing me bras to try. Each time, she would ask how something fit, I would show her what I did/didn't like about things and she would go get more until hallelujah, I found a bra that worked. Two, actually. And I actually found their selection to be awesome, even for my size. They were not all boring white cotton, either. In fact, I came home with a black lace number that was very pretty and flattering, and a nude everyday convertible bra that I CAN ACTUALLY WEAR STRAPLESS! (Those of you who wear an E/F/FF/G with me can understand how exciting this is.)Yes, I spent $120, but for the brands I bought (Freya and Fantasie) the prices were comparable (if not less) than what I've seen on sites like Bare Neccessities and Full Beauty. And I didn't have to pay to ship anything. They have a nice program where once you buy 5 bras at full price, you can buy one half off. Love that. I will definitely be back!
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,4/22/2013,167,179,2,14,12>So, looks like I'll never be going to another zoo. Like, ever again.Carolina Tiger Rescue completely ruined them for me.The folks here are passionate and wholly  devoted to the care and keeping of their animals, so much so that it just kinda ooozes all over the place and gets stuck in your hair and seeps into your pores.  I don't want to join PETA and start throwing red paint all over the place but at some point in time I started to look at wild animals as fascinating little oddities there for my amusement and forgot to respect them as beautiful creatures that deserve to be treated with integrity. In 1 afternoon at Carolina Tiger Rescue, I got that all straightened out.This is a nonprofit organization so it has a pretty homey, small-business vibe. Most everyone here is an volunteer and tour groups are kept small (which is actually ideal if you're a visitor).Our tour guide (Tori?) had been with CTR for 6 years and knew just about everything (biographical & biological) about the cats. We got within a few yards of most of the animals and that was an experience in it self. Things to keep in mind:**Tour is about 2 hours long**Dress accordingly, you'll be outdoors RAIN or SHINE (I wore the wrong shoes and had freezing wet feet my entire visit-- This significantly affected my ability to enjoy myself)**Keep a safe distance from the tigers (some of them actually spray!)** Use the bathroom before the tour starts (no bathroom breaks once it gets going)**There are picnic tables on site if you wanna bring a lunch. Definitely worth a visit folks!
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,4/21/2013,198,565,7,9,8>Cary folks! Y'all are so damn lucky. All the cool stuffs are opening in your neighborhood. I think us Asian are slowly taking over the town!Mother was going through her Chinese newspaper and saw the grand opening ad for Today Asia Market, and insisted we have to check it out. Let me tell you first of all; don't search just "today" in Yelp because you won't see this place. I know because I tried.Today is a decent size Market. Certainly not as grand as G.A.M. or Li Ming, more along the line of S Mart kind of deal.The wares and the prices are all pretty decent, but I don't think I have found anything here that I cannot get at any other Asian markets. Although, since they only recently opened the shelves are not fully stocked yet; I am looking forward when they get into the full swing of things.There is no inside eatery here, but then again when there is a Super Asian Buffet right next door, do they really need one?
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,4/20/2013,43,105,2,5,3>Friendly staff, free wi-fi, outdoor seating, good pastries and interesting food options make this one of my favorite coffee shops in Raleigh. They don't have dedicated parking, but I've rarely had trouble finding a spot along one of the streets that connect to make Five Points. I make a pretty decent latte every morning at the office, but I still love coming here over the weekend to have one of theirs. The pastries and menu items have all been better than your average coffee shop, and I'd especially recommend the cinnamon rolls. The barista offered to heat the roll in their oven and it came out fluffy and delicious, a perfect Sunday snack to match one of their coffee drinks. Their breakfast items looked pretty interesting as well, so I'm hoping to sneak by one morning that I actually wake up in time over the weekend. My favorite reason to go to a coffee shop is to enjoy beautiful weather, so their shaded outdoor seating is perfect for me. I'm already looking forward to coming here regularly during the spring. I only wish they were open longer hours so I could drop by after work during the week. The location may be a little bit out of the way for most people, but I would recommend giving Third Place a shot if you're not looking for a chain. The crowd is different and there are a few other shops worth checking out nearby if you haven't spent much time in Five Points.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,4/19/2013,199,740,1,9,5>I had the pleasure of dining here for lunch with co-workers. (By the way, this place is VERY busy at lunch so make reservations if you have more than 4, if they take them for less, do that too) We were seated immediately and greeted by our server quickly. They have a large wine list, by the bottle and glass. The server gave us suggestions for both wine as well as lunch options.We were served bread prior to the main course, and the salads came out in great time to actually enjoy them and then enjoy the main course. I actually ordered the chicken caesar salad (my lunch standard) and it was large and yummy. I did not finish it due to its size. Others in my party got various pasta dishes, all very happy with the taste and servings size, as they were able to take some home for another meal. This is rare for a lunch dish. The ambiance is very elegant, a perfect dim that is not too dark but allows natural light to come in. I feel that it would be a great place to come in for a romantic dinner with hubs if we were in the area one evening. Awesome experience! Will definitely be back!
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2011,2/12/2012,18,19,2,17,5>I had an adventure dusting off my high school Spanish lessons at Los Comales. And don't ask how long it's been. My usual queries about "what's the best thing to order?" were met with blank stares. As you can see there is a pretty decent-sized menu, so I guessed on what to order.On this first trip I ordered a barbacoa taco, al pastor taco, and a pupusa with beans.  The tacos were good but the barbacoa had a little too many squishy bits for my taste. The tortillas were soft, fluffy and fresh, and the toppings of fresh cilantro and onion and lil limes were nice. Of course the fresh topping bar was also fun. The pupusa was very tasty, but I was determined to get it again but with meat next time. If you are squeamish about your pig and beef parts, you should study up so you know what to order.This is what I did before my second visit, so here is my cheat sheet.Al Pastor - Marinated PorkBuche - Pig EsophagusCachete - beef cheeksLeguna - tongueTripa - tripePollo - chickenCabeza - headChicharron - pig skinBirria - goatChorizo - Mexican sausageAzada - seasoned steakSuadero - steak (different type)Barbacoa - mixed "Mexican" barbequeHuaraches - Fried masa cake with taco toppings, sandal-shapedPupusa - like a stuffed arepa, with bean and pork, chicken or steakNot only is the food fresh and fantastico, it is super cheap! You can seriously fill up for about $5. So you should stop by and try not only one of the above, but some of the aguas frescas, fresh juices.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,2/11/2012,11,424,,7,2>A sports bar where the emphasis is on great local beer and food.  90% of their menu is sourced locally and there's over 40 beers from North Carolina on draft.  You can make flights from anything on the menu which is a great way to try brews you haven't had.  I definitely recommend for the beer which is hard to imagine for a "sports bar."  If I'm watching a game in Raleigh it will be here.  The food was pretty great.  The only criticism was from the cheese puff appetizer which weren't consistent from puff to puff with the ingredients.  What was supposed to be a puff pastry stuffed with brie, cashews & smoked bacon served with raspberry sauce was more like a puff pastry stuffed with brie and a smattering of bacon and cashews.  That said, the ones that did were spot on and a fantastic.  The burger menu is the star, featuring 16 specialty burgers (some with bison meat) and a mixture of great local toppings.  We had the Southern Lovin' which was a ground beef patty with fried green tomatoes, goat cheese, bacon & aged balsamic - amazing.  We also had the spicy tempura fried NC flounder sandwich which was really great.They also have pizzas, other sandwiches, lots of appetizers, and entree salads.  Great menu.I'm not a fan of the decor at all, very chain restauranty, which I can learn to get over.  The lights were also too dim to me, I don't want to sound like an old geezer, but seriously, its a sports bar (although granted upscale.)  Definitely look forward to returning and sampling more of the menu.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,2/10/2012,68,67,,6,4>Two friends and I decided to venture over to Big Bosses taproom.  I have always been a fan of their Bad Penny and Angry Angel beers, so I wanted to see exactly what they offered at their facility.  We pulled up in the gravel parking lot.  It was chilly that night, so the outdoor smokers where at a minimum.  Up the stairs and into the main bar area.  It was a packed night for a Tuesday.  What I liked were all the nook and crannies people could get to and sit down.  We found a room in the back with a sofa and set up camp there.  Our trip to the bar was ok.  The bartender seemed a little out of it and this caused our first round to take a little longer.  It seemed that the large crowd on a Tuesday night seemed to have surprised them.  We did get our drinks and settled in.  They, of course, were delicious.  We only ordered pints, but flights were also available. The facility is great.  You have free pool, Ping-Pong, and shuffle puck.  The real meat of the bar is the conversations.  People seem to always be engrossed on everything they are discussing. Overall, this is defiantly a bar I enjoy and will be returning to in the future. And keep supporting local business and drink Big Boss!!
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2011,2/9/2012,265,208,2,8,4>So there's been much Raleigh Yelp discussion regarding Groupon and Living Social deals and the quality of the resulting experiences. Well, ladies and gents, 5 classes at Y Respira was one deal that was worth it and then some. Who kinew that just below your feet as you hike it to work or hit the bars on Fayetteville there lay a hidden gem of the Raleigh yoga community.  As I walked down the stairs... and then down some more stairs.... and then a few more... I started to wonder what I'd got myself into. I'm a natural light kind of girl. I love my giant windows and skylights and, well... sun. Or so I thought. When I finally came to the door of the studio, I entered into a softly lit den of zen. While the space is small, it's been gorgeously appointed, and the studio itself is housed in (get this) a former bank vault. Now decked out with twinkling lights, glowing softly, this space is a unique spot to bliss out. Resistance is futile. You will relax. Tonight I hit up Diana's Vinyasa class - a satisfying balance of strength and stretch, masterfully and playfully led. Classes are necessarily small due to the intimate venue, but this was in no way a handicap to the experience (if anything, you get a little extra attention). While the class schedule is a little limited at the moment, I wouldn't be surprised if they start to add teachers and additional classes (hint, hint... please add more teachers and classes!) I can definitely see myself nudging Y Respira up to five stars, but I do feel the need to take a few more classes to get the full experience. Already salivating over the Heated Yoga Fusion class.....
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2011,2/8/2012,69,245,,10,4>Well, my parents loved this place and it's pretty hard to please them. They are always in search of good French food ESPECIALLY coq au vin, which my dad happens to love to eat and cook. We came in on a Tuesday night and it was surprisingly pretty busy for a weeknight. We were greeted by a server who seated us quickly and took our drink orders. They had a pre fixe menu that we did not order from. French onion soup - wow, never have I ever had French onion soup that was as good or better than my own mother's !! It wasnt too salty and there was just enough cheese! Yumm! Grilled mussels - very fresh and well done, came with a side if frites. It's a good dish to shareNicoise salad - Very big and very yummy! The vinaigrette was very delicious and the tuna was fresh!!! Not to mention the boiled eggs were boiled to perfection. Salmon - thin slices of salmon cooked with a buttery lemon sauce, served on greens and russet potatoes. I was surprised the salmon was still juicy despite it being thinly cut. Coq au vin - as good as it gets! The meat fell off the bone and every bite had bursts of flavor! My dad was jealous he couldn't get his dish to taste this good. He gobbled it all up.Creme brûlée - wow, someone got the memo! I always say I want someone to make the creme brûlée thin and flat so there is a greater surface area if crunchy caramelized sugar. :) they listened! Its delicious, get it.Crepe with ice cream - it was an orange marmalade crepe. Not too sweet and very big on flavorThe service was attentive and accommodating. Our server, at first, never cracked a smile. In fact, I think he's the type that doesn't really know how to even if he tried. He was very professional and helpful. In the end, my crazy dad was able to crack a little smile out of him, but I think it was because he didn't know what else to so in response to my dad's crazy antics. I applaud him for putting up with it though.I'm excited to come back here, definitely one of my new favorites!
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,2/7/2012,136,284,4,6,6>Oof - happy birthday to ME!Thanks x1,000 to Chip R. and Ron W. for recommending this place for a nice (but not too crazy expensive or fancy) birthday meal. Fabulous dessert was one of my main requirements, and Hayes Barton absolutely delivers. My birthday was 12/2 and I still have leftover cake; the pieces are THAT huge. We were actually so full from our delicious dinner that we took our cake to go. I could not fit any sweets anywhere in my stomach until the next morning (ok, yes...I tried my birthday cake early Saturday morning. Don't judge.)Hayes Barton Cafe and Dessertery is friggin' adorable. The walls are covered with black and white photos of celebs from yesteryear, pin-up pics and the place was already decorated for Christmas. Apparently it gets pretty busy for dinner, so we got there about 30 min after it opened in the evening and we barely waited for a table for 2. I actually *forgot* we ate delicious biscuits and cornbread before our appetizer, meal and dessert because everything was so filling and delicious.Get yourself the crab dip. Do it. Bagel chips actually = slices of whole bagel, baked to a perfect crunch and sprinkled with parm. The dip is creamy, cheesy and FULL of whole crab chunks. Dear lord, we didn't even finish this and took it home for lunch the next day. I barely had room for my delicious dinner: Dial M for Meatloaf! Thick, savory meatloaf, wonderfully creamy mashed potatoes...oy, so fantastic and comforting. Jay ordered one of the specials - homemade ravioli stuffed with beef short ribs, covered with gorgonzola, mushrooms and horseradish. Oh wait...and it had a filet minon on top. What...in the world? Apparently it was fantastic, because it disappeared. We ordered a slice of Patty Cake and a piece of flourless chocolate cake with raspberry filling to go and are still enjoying them both at home. Jay's flourless choc cake tastes like eating the inside of the best truffle you ever had. Mine is classic and wonderful. The rich chocolate icing, white cake and chocolate filling...*drool*25 never tasted so good. I can't wait to get my (now much larger) butt back to HBC for dessert.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2011,2/6/2012,230,281,6,6,8>Oh RDU--You're so fly!RDU is my home base and one of my favorite airports in this fine nation. All of my great escapes have started and ended at RDU. So far, I've gone to Atlanta, Boston, Baltimore, Chicago, Ft. Lauderdale, San Francisco, Charlotte (en route), and (::drumroll::) Montgomery, Alabama.I usually go to Fast Park & Relax and take their shuttle to the terminal. I have never had any trouble going through security. Actually, that's a lie. The holidays can get pretty busy.I haven't needed to eat at RDU, but there are some pretty good choices here. In particular, Five Guys, Gordon Biersch, and 42nd Street Oyster Bar all can give you a little taste of the outside world. Those are some pretty good options for an airport!Terminal 2 (born in 2011) is newer and features niceties like power outlets near seats. JetBlue just moved to Terminal 2, so maybe I'll never see Terminal 1 again.Parking is a bit pricey, but still better than most major cities. I'd recommend looking into nearby shuttle services like Fast Park & Relax. Of course, the best option is just to bum rides off friends and reward them with airplane pretzels.Wi-Fi at RDU is free for AT&T mobile customers accessing it with their mobile phones. But, you'll need to do some illegal tethering if you want to get on with your laptop (not that I know anything about doing that...).Make sure to stop by the RDU observation deck to watch the planes land/take off.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,2/5/2012,315,293,3,5,3>I'm heading down the Durham Highway, looking for a BBQ getaway.  I got me a Mazda (seats about 4), heading on down to the Q-Shack baby!Been frequenting the original Q-Shack  for a while now, so past time  for a review. This is a little old place and actually does resemble a shack offering Texas style smoked Barbecue. I have tried the pulled pork, brisket and smoked chicken. I haven't tried the ribs yet, but they are definitely on my to-eat list. Of the meats, I liked the pulled pork and brisket. The smoked chicken was just ok, definitely not their best offering.There is usually a big line here to order, but they move you through pretty fast. You can choose one or two meats, and two sides for a set price. You can also order additional sides for extra. My favorite sides are the fried okra, and baked beans. I have also had the creamed spinach and potato salad. They were decent, but I've had better elsewhere. All meals come with hush puppies and they are delish.I will continue to be a frequent visitor to this funky little shack, bringing them my jukebox money (actually they don't have a jukebox, just good Texas style barbecue).
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,2/4/2012,110,194,,7,6>Just do it.It's a tour that includes beer tastings. What more do you need for an awesome Saturday afternoon?Every Saturday (pretty much, don't take my word for it) Triangle Brewery does a short, 30-minute-ish tour of the brewery. However, the best part is before & after. Triangle will let everyone sample what they have on draft before and after the tour. If it's a nice day  you can hang out on their "patio" and drink with friends. And it's not that far from Golden Belt, so you can walk back there and hop the downtown bus to food to sober up!Note: Bring cash to tip the folks pouring your samples. It's courtesy.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,2/3/2012,175,190,4,10,5>Have you ever been kicked in the stomach by a restaurant?  I have!  While the Shepherd's pie that I ordered was excellent, and the pie cracklins with onion sauce were beyond tasty. The fact that one bite of Brit's special of the evening felt like I got kicked in the gut by a giant ostrich (gotta keep with the bird theme).  What a freakin' special it was.  10oz of tenderloin over Parmesan mashed potatoes, some wilted spinach with garlic in a red wine sauce.  I'm salivating just thinking of it.  Now you can't go out to meet people after ingesting the special due to the large amount of garlic - but had I ordered and ate that, I'd have been just as content to curl up in a ball and hibernate on the banquet.  One thing I wish is that the shepherd's pie had lamb chunks instead of ground lamb.  I wanted to chew on something more than the carrots.  I had the blueberry pie and it was dense, sweet and tart.  Just what I wanted.  Brit had the strawberry rhubarb pie and it was excellent.  Service was spot on and Noelle our server was attentive and knowledgeable.  I think the kitchen was in the weeds for a bit that night since things took a bit to get out of the kitchen, but we were there with family and friends and were more than happy to sit, listen to great music, drink and be merry.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,3/5/2013,67,56,8,10,6>How have I not reviewed my favorite spa before?!?! sheesh!  BAD DAWN!I LOOOVE this place.  I go here religiously for facials and massage.  Blake, the owner, is without a doubt my fave massage therapist here.  She rubbed on my pregnant body weekly making those last weeks bearable (maybe bare-able in this case? hehe).Emily, my go-to lady for facials is so stinkin' knowledgable and easy to be around.  She endures my endless questions and has me looking my best and feeling great by the time I leave.The receptionist, Fay, is even a huge hit with me, with her sweet little british accent and ability to usher me into relaxyworld upon entering the spa. It's beautifully decorated and often has art from local artists gracing the walls.They are price competitive and if you friend them on facebook they will update you with last minute openings.Le JoY! Le Purrrrr!
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,3/4/2013,146,187,2,8,10>5 stars for David and dumplings, David and dumplings, and noodles. First things first, David is the man! I had been meaning to come here for a few weeks, and coming out of school I decided to look at the places I had bookmarked nearby. Behold, David's Dumplings and Noodle Bar. Table for one on a Sunday night please! David greeted me and walked me over to a table. With only one other couple sitting a few tables down in the whole place. (puzzled sweetly) I went to the restroom and came back and boom! water was already on the table. (+)Justin was my waiter and he knew his stuff. Very polite and attentive too. We exchanged a few words over the stuff I recognized on the menu versus his personal opinion. I then told him to recommend me something off the appetizer menu in which we agreed to the Original Half-fried Dumplings. I then decided on the Malaysian Curry Chicken and Hot&Sour soup. Dumplings were first and perfection with a side sauce to compliment.Soup was definitely hot and sour. Because I am the most impatient patient person I know, I don't know if the tear I drew was from the hot, the level of spicy or how delish it was. Along came the curry chicken which was blazin' with a side of white rice. Because the previous dishes were quite filling for one with a pint of Sapporo, I made my way only through a quarter of the dish and I asked Justin for a to-go bag. David serves soups from a small kitchen in the middle of the dining area which includes the bar as well. I love this place! It was inviting and re-inviting, cozy but spacious. 5 stars, is there anything better?
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,3/3/2013,81,795,3,6,4>How have I not stopped here before? I mean, they even serve breakfast -- that earns them at least one star.Besides being part of the pretty amazing new Nature section of the Science Museum, the Daily Planet Cafe sources from local North Carolina farmers.  Many are the same as at the Farmers Market.  It's difficult to see everything in the museum (or at least explore it thoroughly) in one visit, or without breaking up the adventure, so this cafe is perfectly situated.  The menu is quite extensive:  wraps, soups, a salad bar, and small entrees.  During an afternoon visit, I had to try the fried green tomato BLT with brie on a multigrain bread.  I liked how well the flavors worked together.  On my next visit, I was early, in time for breakfast and can say that the breakfast sandwich on bread (rather than the croissant) was better than I was expecting for a museum cafe.  I think it's the bread.  I'm not sure if it's really bread from Neomonde, but wherever it's from, it's tasty.  The prices at the Daily Planet are reasonable: most anything with a soda will come in around ten dollars. The Larry's Beans coffee bar is a nice surprise.  The barista that morning made a killer latte.  The one ding -- the service in the morning is spotty.   With museum employees stopping in to grab something, non-employee customers get moved to the back of the line.  The cafe's location, right on the corner, has a great outdoor patio for people watching, although the floor to ceiling windows make sitting inside an equally good place to do the same.  It's a perfect spot to begin or end your tour of the Museum (or just come to grab a bite to eat).
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,3/2/2013,100,280,6,5,3>I'm a big fan of the Surf Club!  Great draft specials, good value ($4-5), and a great atmosphere with plenty of indoor and outdoor seating.  And unlike Fullsteam, they have A/C inside so it doesn't get hot as balls. Also, sometimes Fullsteam is over run by young families (with little children running amok) or douchey looking Duke professional school students.  Not a problem at Surf Club.  It's got a slightly older crowd (mid 30s) and I have not seen a single child crying or dog barking.Sometimes, the bartenders can be AWOL or pissy.  One time I waited at the bar for 10 mins before the bartender showed up.  Another time the bartender seemed like he hated the world and wanted to go home & write in his diary.  But he still poured a great pour, so I didn't have any beef.  In fact, Surf Club is pretty much my fave bar in Durham right now.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,3/1/2013,83,93,5,9,9>How have I failed to review Dame's?I love fried chicken and I love waffles. I got over the "WHAT DO YOU MEAN, CHICKEN AND WAFFLES?" question years ago, back when I discovered the awesome combination in Arizona. When I made the move to The South, I hoped I'd be in store for some awesome soul food findings. I wasn't disappointed. Dame's is not your typical chicken and waffles joint. While I'm usually opposed to "gourmet" versions of anything, they do it right here. They add their own spin on things (flavored schmears, mac n' cheese with herbs mixed in, seasoned chicken) but leave out the pretentiousness that often accompanies jazzing up simple dishes. Come hungry, leave full. Seriously, don't plan on eating for the rest of the day.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/11/2012,2/28/2013,230,281,2,7,3>Five words: Hot dogs; Fast; Open Late.On Sunday-Thursday's you will find a daily special. On Friday and Saturday prices usually go back to normal ($2.09/dog).I've only eaten the hot dogs, but I've heard their fries are pretty good too. I usually go for the standard mustard, onions, and chili dogs. The buns are run-of-the-mill, but the dogs are tasty and one of the best fast food deals on a weekday.On the weekends, Snoopy's is open till at least 3am. It's probably one of the best late night choices on the way back home from the bars, especially since there isn't a Cookout in close proximity and the nearby Char-Grill closes at 2am.The parking lot at this location is similar to a beehive; cars come in and out rapidly, and it's hard to get in.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,2/27/2013,65,90,,7,4>Cafe Meridian, Why haven't I found you sooner??? You have so many delicious  and healthy options that are booming with tongue jumping flavor! Went to Cafe Meridian for lunch today and the parking lot was packed and I was expecting a wait, but to my surprise the service was very quick and all my questions were answered with a helpful smile. I ordered the Strawberry salad, which isn't in season, but they make the same exact salad with pears!!! I added grilled chicken to top it off! The salad was to die for! The dressing was light and not over powering but still flavorful which added to the cranberries and pears in the salad!  My friend ordered the chicken sandwich that was topped with pepper jack cheese and jalapenos and lettuce. I was lucky enough to snag a bite and WHOA... It was juicy, spicy and crunchy all in one bite! Think that will be my next order! The inside of the cafe was also surprising, there were so many people there but it didn't feel crowded at all. The building is deceiving from the outside, it is much bigger than it looks! AWESOME FIND!!! Can't wait to go back!
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,2/26/2013,31,93,11,6,13>Java wafts through the open car window to announce the locationDriade threatens to tumble into a wooded ravine I am sipping cameroonian tea in an old friend's gardenIf only the gathering dusk was not broken by really bad techno.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,2/25/2013,81,225,1,5,5>Everyone's been raving about this place for its breakfast selection...but since I'm always at work during that time of day, I've never gotten a chance to try it. Well, I finally made an effort to go during the weekend and it was a nice surprise! The place is cute and has a good amount of outside seating. Inside there are LOTS of tables, but...on a Sunday at 11am, every table was taken. You have to order at the cashier first and they give you a number that you can place on the card holder on your table. I was afraid I wouldn't be able to find a seat, so I ordered to-go. There was a line, but it went fast. By the time I had ordered, there were a few tables clearing out and I would've been able to find a seat if I wanted to. Our food came out in less than 10 minutes in cute white boxes. My husband and I got the creme brulee french toast and the diablo eggs. Both were very good! I'm not sure I tasted the "creme brulee" part of the french toast, but they were good nevertheless. There were only 4 slices (really 2 slices of bread cut diagonally) and it seemed a bit pricey for that amount. The diablo eggs were great too, very tasty and made just right. Overall, I'd have to say the food was cooked great and everyone was friendly. But so far there's nothing that I could end up craving--causing me to drive there in the same day....but maybe that's because I'm not a breakfast person (can't be when I never really get the chance to eat any...). But if I ever do end up wanting some, I can definitely say I'd be at La Farm. (I still need to go back and try out some of their pastries though....perhaps next time!)
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,2/24/2013,39,145,5,10,7>I love this bar! Once upon a time a furniture store, then abandoned and now renovated into a retro old timey feeling bar that gives you an at home feeling as soon as you walk in. We sat at the bar on what had to be the most comfortable bar stools I have ever blessed my rear end with and drank several cocktails. My first was the el bul, first ever beer cocktail! Followed by the clover club, first ever cocktail with egg white! Last but not least the southern gin, had to show love to a cocktail that featured our North Carolina cardinal gin in it!Excellent bar, excellent location, excellent seasonal drinks! Cheers and many more!!
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,12/14/2011,154,244,4,11,8>Halloween night, 2011. A Monday (boo. And I mean that as in "boo, hiss," not as in, "boo, it's Halloween and I'm a ghost"). To avoid the insanity of the hundreds of trick or treaters that travel TO our neighborhood for candy, my husband and I arranged an evening at the Green Room with some friends.When we arrived, they had a hand-written "Closed" sign on the door. Despite having a dead cell phone and no phone numbers committed to memory, we somehow managed to round the troops at Mitch's instead.I've been by Mitch's a few times since it opened and have been interested because it looks so simple and cozy. And it really was! The beer list was pretty good, with some great local options (everyone found something they liked), and the food menu was very comprehensive with all the late-night bar staples. I was torn between the wings, chicken fingers, hot dog and BLT, and ended up very satisfied with my wings. My husband thought the veggie burger was great, too.The tunes were good and the service was outstanding (it was Mitch!). He was attentive but not annoying, and when my Romanian friend asked in broken English if he could turn off the "van" above our table, Mitch got it right away and obliged.It goes without saying that Halloween at Mitch's was a total treat.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,12/13/2011,104,463,1,5,4>Wow.  Pretty freakin' good.  I think nice, fluffy crust is very rare these days.  If you're one of those crazies that eats up to the crusts and leaves them on the plate, you are missing out here.We got the Sir Walter medium and had plenty for the road.  The salads looked amazing with very fresh veggies.  I skipped the salad and I regret it.  How many times do you say that at a pizza place?Not much room for service here as it's counter service, but I will say it was  hard to understand which name they were calling as they were bringing out the pies.  The soda fountain wasn't working for regular Coke, and the cashier said I could take as many cans of Coke from the fridge as I wanted instead.  Very nice!  I only took one because I thought it would be gluttonous to imbibe two or three cans in one sitting.  Makes you think about how much pop you're drinking when you get the free refills at the fountain.  Yikes!FYI: the temperature inside was a little inconsistent even during our meal.  When we sat down the fans were blowing some serious cool air on us and we tried to more to a different table.  The change was a little more comfortable, but then it warmed up... and then cooled off again.  Not sure if it was just a bad day, but we will plan to have a jacket or sweater next time to be prepared for any and all scenarios.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,12/12/2011,64,264,3,8,5>I cannot believe I've lived in CH for nearly two years and have only just discovered this small grey shack off Franklin Street. We'd always seen the cars lining up in droves, but I can tell you, the wait is worth it.Incredible cinnamon buns: a bit of a salty/sweet combination and addictive when hot. Fried chicken biscuit: a must-try with it's 'crispy on the outside, moist and tender on the inside' chicken, paired with a light, airy, flaky biscuit. Enjoyed the egg and cheese biscuit as well, but mostly because of the warm biscuit (filling inside was just okay). However, the biscuits are sometimes a little on the salty side.This was my first drive-thru biscuit experience, so I can't compare the biscuits to any other place like Biscuitville or Chick-fil-A, but I returned again two days later because I could not get those biscuits off my mind. I think I'm *set* for another month or two due to the heart-clogging properties of the food, but I'll be back when the craving hits!
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,12/11/2011,70,246,4,8,6>Yuri is next to Trader Joe's on Kildaire Farm Rd, so I've driven past it many times but from the exterior it looked something like a fast food chain, so I've never bothered to stop by.  After our trip to Shabashabu last week, my husband was in the mood for tonkatsu, so I deliberately picked a restaurant that would serve it.  Yuri has a menu online so it's easy enough to check it out, and I would advise it since the lunch menu and dinner menu seem to be quite different.  I only saw the tonkatsu offered at dinner so we stopped by at about 5:30pm on Saturday evening.The exterior looked pretty cheap and generic, like all the other stores and restaurants along this strip of Kildaire, but the interior was really nicely done.  Immediately to your right on entering there are a couple of semi-private eating areas for up to 6 people, where you would sit on the floor and eat off a small table just a foot above the ground.  I asked if these tables were available and was told no, they were already reserved.  So instead we were seated in a booth, which was fine too.  Each booth comes decorated with a Fiji water bottle.  I ordered tap water and a Kirin beer, since I've never tried Japanese beer before.  My husband warned me they try to make their beers taste like American beers, and sure enough, it tasted like any other Bud/Miller/Coors I've had. For the appetizer my husband and I got the vegetable tempura to share.  The included vegetables were two pea pods, green pepper, carrot, onion, broccoli, squash, and zucchini.  I thought they all tasted terrific and the onion was my favorite.  It was impossible to eat with chopsticks though, it was too big and unwieldy.  I ended up using my fingers for that one.  I usually like sweet potato too, but was kind of disappointed to see it wasn't included.  My husband also got a miso soup that was included with his tonkatsu meal.  It was pretty standard for miso.For entrees my husband ordered the tonkatsu, and I spent a great deal of time with the waiter discussing my options with the yellowtail.  First I asked about the "Hamachi Lovers" rolls, since it sounded perfect except it was lacking tamago.  He said he would ask the sushi chef if it could me made with tamago as well, and I got the reply that it would be too large if tamago was included.  So I decided just to get the Hamachi Lovers and order some tamago nigiri on the side, and that could be good enough.  I also asked about the hamachi kama (yellowtail cheek) I saw on the menu under the appetizers.  I understood it was commonly served grilled at many restaurants (and the grilled hamachi is pretty good) but I was wondering if it was possible to get nigiri with yellowtail cheek instead of the regular body slice.  Again this idea was shot down.  I was told that when the yellowtail comes in, it's sliced off for nigiri, and the head gets thrown into the freezer.  They can cook the head then, but they can't slice off the cheek from frozen.  What a pity.  Someday I'm going to finance my own sushi restaurant and demand all the leftover yellowtail heads for my own dining pleasure.My husband was pretty impressed when his tonkatsu came out.  It was the perfect uniform color, compared to the pale, spotty-colored tonkatsu I make at home.  Though he didn't have a side of tonkatsu sauce, they had liberally added the sauce to the tonkatsu already and he said it was just the right amount.  I tasted a bit of the sauce and yes, it was real tonkatsu sauce.  It was served on cabbage, which is normal, but the little bit of corn on the side threw him off.  The corn was cold as well.  Was he supposed to eat it?  Was it there for decoration?  I don't know, we didn't ask.  He didn't eat it in any case. It would have been tedious to try and eat corn with chopsticks anyway.  The tonkatsu was also served with a bowl of steamed rice.My tamago nigiri and hamachi makizushi were brought out at the same time.  I was very surprised to see so much hamachi used over the top of the rolls.  This was a very good portion of yellowtail, and I usually don't get this much in rolls.  But I was also very surprised to see inside the rolls, there was cooked yellowtail!  How odd to have both raw and cooked yellowtail in the same roll.  I think the texture of the cooked fish really threw off the balance of the roll.  I think next time I will have to insist that either the tamago replace the cooked yellowtail inside the roll, or the inside be raw yellowtail as well.  The service at Yuri was excellent.  There didn't seem to be much of a wait for anything, and the server was incredibly patient and responsive to all my comments and questions.  Though my makizushi was a bit of a disappointment, it seems it would be easy enough to correct in the future.  My husband loved his tonkatsu and would probably eat here every week.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,12/10/2011,236,354,,7,3>I've been watching and waiting for this business to be updated on Yelp!  Finally!!!  It was posted on the 21st or 22nd when I'd been stalking Yelp for it for days already.  Now here it is, at last!  I went here for dinner and drinks with several folks on the Saturday the 19th.  We pretty much ravaged the menu too...it was me, another girlfriend, and 4 guys.  Before the whole bunch arrived for dinner before our Irish themed bar crawl it was just my date and another guy though.  I sat there reading and thinking aloud....hmmm.... I want deviled eggs, wings, crab cakes, mac'n cheese, and that sounds good too.  My date responded, "Well order it.  Oh, and order the fried avocado too."  Really?!?!?!?  He has to be kidding right.  Nope.  Told me to order it and we'd have a whole communal meal.  Alright.  If you say so.  I ordered it.  Then, when all the food arrived before me I had the largest grin on my face like a kid on Christmas morning.  The rest of our crew had arrived by then and they were like "what on Earth?!?"  Deviled eggs in a bar?!?  Yep.  I wanted them.  They even had a little salsa in them and cheddar cheese sprinkled on top.  I had a little bit of everything and quite content.  Then I was asked, "What do you want for dinner?"  Wait a minute.  I just had my dinner.  I offered to help the others with THEIR dinners.  Well, said date ordered flounder.  I got a third of it and gobbled it up.  It was so yummy.  I don't even know what was in the sauce, but I could have just licked the sauce up like a puppy and been content.  It came with asparagus which was cooked OK, but not phenomenally.  Other people had a burger, sandwich, salad, and a second flounder.  All were quite happy with their meals.  Me being the bird eater....well not really...I continued to pick at the other apps still floating around the table after finishing my allotted flounder portion.  The crab cakes were okay, but being from the beach I can tell you that they could have done much better.  The fried avocado was okay, but kinda dry.  Wings were pretty good, but could have benefited from a little more sauce.  The mac'n cheese was kind of sweet because it had granny smith apples and ham cooked into it.  Since not all the apps were finished, we had an eating contest between the deviled eggs and crab cakes.  Quite entertaining.  Please mind you, that if we weren't about to head out on a bar crawl, we might not have been that obnoxious and we don't usually act like that.  Hysterical and good times -- without wasting food though.  Tasted other people's beers.  They have 66 beers on tap there!!!  The IPA said date had was quite strong too.  Our waters were kept filled and no one was ever left without a beverage.  Service was superb!  Our waitress was easygoing, fun, playful, and all around awesome.  I'll go back for the food and bevy of beers, but it's their staff that makes it fun.  Brewmasters keep the groove going because I hope you sustain yourselves better than your other identity.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2011,12/9/2011,58,186,,6,4>Welcome to NOLA!!!...I mean, DTR!!!  It was love at first site...and first bite.  We were eager to try this place out once we learned that Michelle (formerly of Zely & Ritz) is the manager.  We were blown away by how much they 'had it together' after only being opened for 5 days.  Our waitress, Tracy was very knowledgeable about the menu selections.  She was incredibly personable and witty - cracked us up the whole night.  It felt more like you were dining at a friend's house instead of a restaurant as everyone is laid back and comfortable.  I loved the decor - so much history to this space - you can even appreciate sections of the wall that donned wallpaper from the 1920s....apparently it used to be a hotel back in the day.  I love, love, love that they kept this historical, yet rustic charm.  We started out with the warm pimento cheese served with toasted french bread - SO good!  The toast was nice and fresh - not hard (like break your teeth hard) like I've had before.  I had the crawfish etoufee, which was terrific...I found it to be a little too salty, but still enjoyable.  Rich, my husband had the blackened seafood platter, which consisted of catfish, oysters, and shrimp.  Hands down the best shrimp and catfish I've ever had...typicallly not a fan of catfish, but chef Brian does this up just right!  The shrimp have a nice char to them...not just done up with cajun seasoning.  The remoulade dipping sauce for the seafood was spectacular as well.  This dish came with coleslaw, hushpuppies, and fries.  The coleslaw could have been an entree all on its own...rough cut cabbage with a mustard base...not that liquidy mush I've had at other places.  The hushpuppies were just the right amount of 'fried'..not at all greasy.  We splurged and got the Luzianne Sweet Tea Pie for dessert....OMG is all I can say about that one!  A cross between key lime pie and pecan pie but not too sweet.  It came with candied lemon and homemade whipped cream on the side - love the nod to the southern sweet, lemon tea.  You must try their coffee...apparently chef Brian is quite particular about his coffee...it is from New Orleans and is VERY strong...in a GREAT way.  It has chicory to avoid the bitterness that tends to accompany strong coffee.  Delicious!  I almost forgot to mention the great wine choices...not too many choices as of yet (they're still working out their wine menu) but the options they do have are great options.  I consider myself to be well versed in wine and there were several options I wasn't familiar with.  They offer 5 whites, 5 reds, a rose, and a sparkling by the glass.  I love that they offer 3 oz pours too!  I had both the italian whites and Rich had the rose and a beajolais - which was quite earthly and bold for a 2010 beajolais!  I recommend the abbocato (Umbria, Italy) with the crawfish dish...it is every so slightly off dry so it can handle the spice of this dish.  The pepestrino (Toscana, Italy) was a fantastic choice with the pimento cheese appetizer.  I cannot say enough great things about this place!  Stay tuned as they've got awesome plans for the future including wine dinners, sidewalk/street parties, and even something 'cookin' for NYE.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2011,12/7/2011,89,301,,5,5>I can't believe it has taken me so long to check this place out.   This is definitely going to be in our "go to" list and a great place to take out of towners to sample beer and have a good meal. It is very spacious with both tables and booths, the bar area nice and ample and the beer selection is heady.  In addition to beer, I found the food to rate pretty high making the restaurant portion of the Tyler's a true restaurant experience and not just pub grub.  And yeah, you gotta like french fries which someone else mentioned but seriously you haven't had fries unless you have tried their garlic fries.  Freshly grated garlic give these a real kick.  Not a garlic fan?  The homemade chips are very crispy and delicious.I ordered two meals because I can never make up my mind what to get and I would reorder both of them.  The fried-green tomato with pimiento cheese was amazing and their veggie burger jam packed with quinoa, beans, veggies.  Seriously, if you need a little push in the fiber department this will do the trick.My husband whose stomach is smaller than mine had the salmon salad with their house vinaigrette which he enjoyed. The fish tasted fresh and it was a nice light meal.  I did  not see any desserts on the menu so I was bummed by that.  Maybe I missed them but I think that should be included.   The waitress was very nice and friendly.  You never felt like you were bugging her when you asked her for something which was a nice  change from other dining experiences where I think I am close to getting yelled at for asking for more ketchup.  (you get the whole bottle to yourself here).We're definitely going back and hope to take visitors with us.  No kids menu that I saw so would have to have a night out just for the grownups.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2011,12/6/2011,66,61,,8,2>If you live anywhere near the Durham area. Eat here. Now.Gregoria's is in a charming little house off Chapel Hill Road in Durham. Before you even step into the restaurant, you can tell that they've put work into creating a romantic atmosphere in the place - great lighting, lovely plants, the pretty iron gate on the door...Inside, the restaurant is small and cozy, in a very upscale way. Deep maroon walls, dark wood and rhythmic Cuban music  immediately made us feel like this was a very appropriate date-night restaurant. We got the plantains stuffed with ground beef to share as an appetizer - and really enjoyed them - sweet plantains and seasoned beef was a surprising, unique combination.  For dinner, I had the salmon with fried yucca and chorizo, the hubby had the ropa vieja with a side of red beans. Both were fantastic. The homemade chorizo was mild, not overpowering the salmon, and the slight vinegar taste in the sauce over the salmon was refreshing. The ropa vieja was excellent, although it could have been slightly more tender. But the red beans stole the show. We love beans, but these were better than any we've had before - rich and full of unanticipated flavors. And the drinks. They were amazing. In particular, the Rum Pina. But the Mojitos too. They make the drinks (like the food) completely from scratch. The owner and chef both came to talk with us during the meal. They're clearly interested in getting things right, telling their story, and asking opinions of diners. Although in my book, they've already got it right-on.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2011,12/5/2011,43,105,3,8,5>As strange as I feel about giving a place like Chubby's 5 stars, they deserve 5 stars for doing what they set out to do so well. I've been to many Mexican restaurants in the area, including the high end restaurants, and I've yet to find a better taco or quesadilla than I've had at Chubby's.My favorite fillings are tilapia, tuna, and spicy tinga chicken, which seem to go well in pretty much anything on their menu. The a la cart style of ordering makes it difficult not to over order, because I always find myself wanting a bit of everything. I usually go to either the Raleigh location or the 9th street location, both of which have nice salsa bars. The Chubbys salsa is great for chips, and some of the thinner salsas (spicy) are great for topping off your entree. The spicy chicken tinga quesadilla is definitely worth trying, but be warned that it can be greasy sometimes. The tilapia and tuna tacos are also great, and probably much healthier than any of the quesadillas. The fried plantains are also definitely worth trying, which come coated with a sweetened condensed milk. The Chubby's in Raleigh can get very busy for lunch, so if you're trying to have a timely lunch it may be better to come slightly before or after noon to avoid the rush. The quality of the food can also be impacted when they are extremely busy, as I've had some fish tacos that were pretty light on the fish during lunch runs.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2010,12/4/2011,179,270,3,6,4>I hesitate to write a review about this little gem, because I am so helplessly in love with this boutique. If I buy one more thing from this store, I should just open one up myself. It's chronic. Does anyone have the # for a good shopping therapist?Anywho, I digress...I did want to address Diana's comment. Fabrik has a sister store in Chapel Hill, so if you see something you like, you can have them call the other store and check for your size. Some of the staff shares hours between the stores and will drive pieces over for you.They have really high-end jeans... Hudsons and the like and occassionally you can hit them up on good sales. This weekend they had 30% off storewide and 50% off select denim. I friended them on fb and saw their mgr online and asked her if they were having a sale. She let me know about it. I expeditously took my little behind down there and got a pair of Hudsons (normally $180+) for $90 :)... In summary... happy customer!
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2011,1/3/2012,43,197,2,11,5>Ask for Christie!  My husband I and both have tattoos from before we moved to the Raleigh area.  We got them at a well known parlor just outside Philly and we thought our artist did a great job.  I have to say, after moving to Raleigh (almost) 6 years ago and discovering Blue Flame, Christie's talent puts our Philly tats to shame!She's done one (large) one for me and two for my husband.  I came in with a couple of tree pictures and some flower ideas.  I told her my vision for the tattoo and she drew a (very) rough sketch of the tree and surrounding flowers.  I was a little nervous, since most of the tattoo would be free hand, but trusted her after seeing her work.  It turned out amazing!  It truly is even better than what I had pictured in my head.  I've lost count of the compliments I've received.  Christie is known as "hammer hands," which I found out after my 3 hours of torture, haha.  She may lean on you a little , but it's going to hurt anyway (duh), so you might as well go to someone who is a real artist with incredible talent!
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2011,1/2/2012,223,633,16,21,10>Airline ticket to Tokyo:  $1115...gas from North Raleigh to Brier Creek in a Hyundai:  a buck or two.  Okay, so  in a perfect lottery-winning world, I'd rather fork over the big bucks and go to Japan, but you heard me, I drive a Hyundai, I can't afford it.  What's a girl to do?  Yep, buy one of those email deals that come from all directions these days...$20 for $40 worth at this new restaurant that used to be Pizzeria Uno, and thankfully is no longer anything that resembles Pizzeria Uno.  Tip #1:  Don't be stupid like me and read the restaurant hours online as opening at 5:30 for dinner.  We literally sat in the car waiting the extra few minutes until 5:30, with our growling bellies, because what I hadn't read was that they were open for lunch up until 5:30.  Duh.    Inside we were greeted by literally a chorus of friendly servers and hostesses.  Thus began non-stop perfect service.   Tip #2:  Order the Special Bento Box for 2.  Seriously, it is an authentic experience.  (not that I know what's really authentic, but they said it was, that no one else in the States is offering it, and my current bank account indicates that authenticating the authentic premise in person isn't going to happen any time soon)...However, what I CAN attest to is it is indeed an EXPERIENCE.  Not just a meal.  But a Japanese cuisine immersion.  One that requires a large appetite and a bit of an adventurous attitude...for just $45 (for TWO, heck if you have a kid or two, it could be a family bento box with no problem).We started with what I used to think was an oxymoron, GOOD miso soup.  Rich (yet light) and delicious! Neither of us has ever cared for miso soup before but this was really good. That was followed by a cold, refreshing salad with flat-out fabulous dressing.     Up next was the box full of compartments of goodness to share that included seared beef (very good), grilled cod (YUM), spinach in a peanut type sauce(I loved it, husband was so-so with it), sashimi (2 or 3 different ones) with rice noodles and wasabi (we both surprised ourselves by really liking this)... veggies (okay), and fried tofu in a delicious sauce.  On the side was a large hot pot for EACH of us of shrimp, tofu, veggies, salmon, mushrooms in a succulent (almost flowery) broth.  There was also a pot of incredible rice that had more shrimp, plus veggies and mushrooms.  If all that wasn't enough there were two little cups with egg custard (savory not sweet) that had what appeared to be seaweed and on top was a shrimp and edamame. (Tip #3: don't wait to eat this thinking it's a dessert thing...it's savory and the shrimp will overcook in its' cup if you wait to eat it).   Now if all that wasn't enough, they brought us freshly fried tempura that included 2 large shrimp, onion, squash, sweet potato & asparagus with the usual dipping sauce.  This has to be the best tempura I've ever had!  Light, with a slight crunch.  Oh my.   We washed all of this down perfectly (Japanese beer for husband...chardonnay that was unlike any I've ever had, it went great with this) for me. But we weren't done.  Nope.  Out came small dishes for each of us full of fruity goodness.  Think if fruit cocktail could actually taste fresh and good.  It was sweet, fresh and a perfect ending to our Japanese experience.  Now, others have mentioned that this place is pricey.  Well, that depends on how you look at it.  $45 for what we got (even without the coupon) was imho an incredible deal for the quality and variety. We're paying for not only their expertise (of which I have none in this realm), but for our EXPERIENCE.  And we got it. We were transported, enchanted and more than satisfied with OUR experience.   I leave you with Tip #4:  the restroom.  I can not speak for the men's room, but the ladies has an automatic trashcan!  Very cool!  (I know, I know, it doesn't take much to entertain me).
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,1/1/2012,147,238,5,7,6>The Krispy Kreme Challenge is a race to remember!  A couple of logistical hitches aside, it was quite the fun race - with lots of people coming out (even in 35 degree/rainy weather), wearing costumes, and having a GREAT time calling out to each other and running.  And eating. Lets not forget the eating!The best part is, the race raised about $100k for the NC Children's Hospital.The costumes and camaraderie were fantastic.  Everyone was really into it, and the course was laid out very well and appropriately protected by the fuzz. Thank goodness for our CM, who brought Yelp panchos to help with the rain!Things for improvement:  The crowd was a little confused at first since there weren't very clear instructions at the starting line (did anyone else hear an announcer?), but worked through it quickly.  The crowd at the donut stop was substantial - a side route for people like me who declined to eat around the crowd would be nice!The course was actually 4.77 miles (shown on the website) instead of 4 miles - good for me since I had to up my mileage today, but not good for anyone not paying close attention to it!   The first half of the course was practically all downhill, which means... you guessed it!  Lots of uphill on the way back.  For the brave souls who were challengers, I commend them for having an easy run down, stuffing their faces, and then booking it up at least four notable hills.Major kudos to Phil G. for eating the full dozen!!
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,12/31/2011,114,375,3,8,3>The Queso Pupusas were excellent (I really liked the saurkraut-like stuff they served with it, the right honorable Paul. B. can school you on the DC pupusa scene), as was this other Honduran thing I hadn't had before - a "Baleada"- it was like a giant puffy tortilla with egg, beans, potato, and cheese inside. OH, and the fried chicken was excellent, nice and crispy skin. The tacos were as good as any of the top-tier Durham taquerias.The music was so loud that it took 3 tries to get the order through. Same with the television. Real Madrid was on f'ing fire that day too. "GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL!" Times 2. Mohamed N. is spot on, the place feels extra sketchy, but the group of 6 or so Latino guys in their 20's appeared to really feel comfortable in the back bar area, and I think I spied a disco ball?  But the food was great, I will definitely go back.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2011,12/30/2011,30,91,2,4,3>This is definitely our new go-to place for great outdoor seating, weather permitting.  I've been twice now, both times were to celebrate somebody special.  City Bev for sure accommodates a small party crowd.  Their drink menu is extensive with a varied selection.  The first time I went there, I only experienced the nachos and fries off of the appetizer menu, and the beer, of course.  This place is not messing around when it comes to their portions. The heaping bowl of fries is definitely good more for a group. The second time I went I had a tasty, semi-local beer and the Tres Bien, a grilled half lb. of burger with sauteed mushrooms, shallots, veal demi (whatever the heck that is), red wine, herbs and swiss gruyere all on a toasted kaiser bun, complete with a nice little side salad.  I substituted the side salad, I think, for a dollar extra.  So, I'm a fan of the patio, but indoors is very cool, as well.  The decor is kitschy and fun, there are pool tables, as well as plenty of seating.  Go here, people!  It's good I tell ya' :)
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2011,12/29/2011,10,81,3,6,2>Had dinner at Vino this past Wednesday night with a very lively group.  My Salmone Alla Livornese was seared just right, and the portion was massive.  The sauce was good, but I think it could have used more olives.  (Of course, I think everything can use more olives.)  The sides, potatoes and spinach, were unremarkable.  Overall, however, it was a satisfying dish.  Our waiter also brought out a complimentary bowl of home-made "ricotta-infused" cavatelli pasta, served with mozzarella and tomato sauce.  This was tasty stuff, and it falls squarely into the comfort-food category.  As for service, I think the folks waiting on us did a good job.  The guy behind the bar seemed particularly adroit, though he attempted to sell me a bottle when I only ordered a glass.Vino is worth checking out if you want to peruse a strong wine list and enjoy a solid bit of chow in Morrisville.  Almost every entrée on the dinner menu is under $17, and drink prices seem reasonable.  In fact, the price-point is what makes this a four-star place instead of three.  But I wouldn't necessarily abandon Raleigh venues and go out of my way just to visit Vino.  Good service, good food, and a good price doesn't quite justify having to wrestle with Aviation Parkway traffic.  Then again, perhaps I'm just not very good at distinguishing between variations on Italian food.  That being said, maybe something on the "New World" portion of the menu (which I didn't get to explore) will give this restaurant a bit more magnetism.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,12/28/2011,294,288,5,14,5>JAPANESE MUSIC VIDEOS!  *bangs head up and down with hand up rocker style*Ok, ok, so it's not that intense. But the videos make for an interesting background at this restaurant while enjoying the food here. So let's get back to my review....Like many on here, I read the Yelp reviews and said that I need to try Teriyakin' out. Plus it is local here to where I live in the great metropolis of Morrisville. Mo'ville has been growing by leaps and bounds lately, but foodwise there are certainly a lot more options than 5-10 years ago locally. This little gem is located near the 540/54 intersection, in a relatively new strip mall in that area. A good way to find it is to look for the new Hotel Sierra that is beside it (thanks for the tip Bruce G.). Inside, it's like someone threw a new fast food/diner place and cultural artifacts in a blender. It's kind of cool actually. I would not call Teriyakin' a fast food place, but it does look like it has a franchise business from their website. I do not know of any other location but this one around here.Most of their dishes come in either bowl (smaller portion, see pic) or plate (larger portion) sizes. I recommend the plate if you have a larger appetite, like me, and sometimes I even get extra meat. The first time I came, I ordered a bowl and it didn't hit the spot portion-wise. However, in taste, they always hit the mark, very delicious! I usually get the steak/chicken combo plate. The meat is seasoned and done perfectly, very tasty! It is chopped into very small tiny mini-nugget sizes though, I like a bit of size to what I'm eating but that's not either here or there on how it tastes. The sides of cabbage salad and macaroni salad, not bad, a bit meh, but the house dressing on the cabbage is pretty good and it's grown on me each visit. They are also pretty generous on the rice. I have come back more than once, and not been disappointed by taste of the food.Service has always been nice and friendly. They do start to recognize you if you stop by more than once or twice, and offer a familar smile. That goes a long way. Summary, good eats, nice people, rockin' Japanese music videos to enjoy, and definitely thumbs up.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2011,12/27/2011,198,565,7,10,6>"If God did not intend for us to eat animals, then why did he make them out of meat?" -John CleeseSo the other day, the pre-dinner conversation went like this: A: "Dude. You know that fire place in Briar Creek? That place that has fire in front?" K: "Fire? What fire? They cook BBQ out front?" A: "NO! It's a steakhouse and they have fire out front." It was not until later driving by Brasa I realized it was referring to the torches out front. Even on a cold Tuesday night Brasa is highly populated; had to circle around the parking lot a few times (and ended up in front of Maggie Moo.) The concept of Brazilian steakhouses is familiar only to some. It is luxury. It is gluttony. It is carnivores/meatatarians paradise. The idea of kept your seat and have succulent slices of meat and poultry brought to you never-endingly until you raise a red flag seems delightful and/or horrified to some. Brasa boasts seventeen different cuts of carnivorous delights, with my favorite picks on garlic steak (well-seasoned cut of fillet), NY strip, fillet mignon, bacon-wrapped chicken, sausages, and (!) goat.For those that clogged the arteries just hearing all those choices, Brasa also has cold bar which serves up items like various salad choices, garlic hummus, smoked salmon, sushi (wtf?) and some dessert dishes like pineapple fruit salad and mango-pineapple soup (reads: juice).The service throughout for our visit was excellent, from the door to the table and back out again: our drink glasses never saw bottoms, always clean plates on the table, and entertaining conversation with our table guys. So if you are willing to pay premium price at some of these steakhouses (for example, on Glenwood) why not go for some really classy but casual atmosphere, great cuts how you want it, and best yet when you want it (again and again) and palatable appetizers in-between at your choice.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,12/26/2011,89,190,,4,5>Parker and Otis is a wonderful place to eat locally in downtown Durham. Its your chic take on what local delis and stores probably looked like 30 years ago on main streets in cities, with that classic rustic twist on life - hardwood floors, built inside an old factory, brick work, metal piping, etc. The food was delightful. We chowed down on some hard won dinner after watching our duck finish last in the Great American Duck Race, which consisted of a #26 (turkey, mango chutney, bacon) and a #22 (humus sandwich) with two sides (spinach salad & corn and tomato). Now the food was 5 stars. It was fresh and lite and perfect for a fall evening. I can see it being excellent with a cold beer or wine, but we had walking to do!Now the drop in star rating is for the run of the mill items for sale at P&O. I would expect more local items available, that is not regulated to one table, but abudant. If I wanted Chinese made Tag items, I could just go to Target. I do enjoy the large selection of children, cooking, and gift items. I felt like I was in a fun environment each time I turned a corner looking for the next great gift. Even if it might have been from "a far away land".Its nice to know this is there however. Sometimes I'm in Durham and not quite sure where to go without having to fight Duke traffic or parking space wars, and this is a welcomed place to have on my radar.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2011,12/25/2011,66,89,9,5,4>Mmmmmmmm pork.  This restaurant inspired my new cause, NCAVBAPFLIW (North Carolinians Against Vegetarianism Because A Pork-Free Life is Weird).  Shane's may not be the best in the world but it's the best I've tasted in awhile.  I am going back to try other dishes as soon as possible.  My mom brought me to Shane's after class one evening, boasting that it's better than The Pit.  I've yet to visit The Pit so I can't compare.  I went in, read the story on the wall about Shane and his Granddaddy (which I appreciated because I used to eat BBQ with my Granddaddy), and I figured I was at some "Meh.  I've experienced better." kinda joint and I'd just grab lunner (lunch at dinner time) and go.  Much like a nerdy construction worker I knew for a few hours in Manhattan in 2006, this place is quietly spectacular.  I ordered a BBQ sammich and mac and cheese, my mom had BBQ and collards.  She loves the collards and that's saying a lot because she is quite picky about her greens, and I've never heard her praise any she's had from other restaurants.  The mac was pretty standard, it definitely wasn't KFC but it wasn't Paula Deen either.  Then there was the BBQ.  Flavorful, a tad spicy (I added extra rib sauce), and plenty of it.  So much it was breaking through the bread, which was a great compliment, not too thick so as to take away from my meat experience.  There was no moment where I wished it tasted more authentic, or more BBQ-y or more anything.  It actually left nothing to be desired, as far as BBQ sammies go.  At one point I was almost choking...and didn't slow down.  Kinda told my throat, "This is the pace I'm eating at so either keep up or we're not going to be okay."  So yes, I'd say I'm a fan.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2010,6/15/2010,8,10,9,7,6>I moved here from Buffalo in the summer of 2007.  After a 5-hour plane ride, and in the middle of looking for places to live, my girlfriend and my future roommate decided to find a place to eat.  Demanding authentic southernness we somehow found this place.  I say somehow because imagine 3 people in Raleigh, for the first time, without any clue as to where they're going, in a cheap rental car finding this small diner outside of town.Years later in reviewing this place, a title comes to mind considering this random phenomena, "Divine intervention"...I'm not the most religious of people, but the fact that my first foray into southern barbeque occurred here perhaps proves that there is a God and that I am (or at least was) on his/her good side.  Take a drive out there and you'll know that I had to have been guided by a choir of angels to find it - that is to say that their location is not optimal, nor does it particularly stick out.Step inside however, take a seat, take a deep breath in and out, imagine yourself as a recent transplant (yankee, if you please) eager to acquire some new tastes in their new surroundings.  Have one of the complementary hushpuppies.  Imagine this piece of deep fried cornmeal was your first, as it was for me on that fateful summer day.  Get your plate, sink your teeth into some hot pulled pork.  Dab some Texas Pete on there.  "WTF is Texas Pete???" I said to myself at first.  Savor, repeat.  Reach the end of your meal, shed a little tear that its over, pay your bill and wave goodbye to the wait staff that called you "Baby" and "Sugar" during your all-too-brief stay.Yes, I probably overindulged with the sensory references.  I'm "not from 'round here" and respect the power that barbecue holds in this region, so I thought it best to politely abstain from other comment or comparison with regard to the quality of this barbecue.  Needless to say, I enjoyed it.  Now at my department's yearly pig-pickin' I order $50 of hushpuppies to go with everything.  In this limited experience with them as a caterer, they do a fantastic job.All around, great food, great atmosphere, great prices, great staff, great catering.  If it remotely made sense to give 6-out-of-5 stars, I'd do it!
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,6/13/2010,290,175,6,3,5>I am no longer a locopop virgin. Now, I have to preface this by saying I live with a popsicle fanatic. No, no, he's more of an addict. And when I say addict, I'm talking like the crackhead of all popsicles. The man eats like 3 boxes of the fruit popsicles a week and goes into crazy withdraw if he doesn't get one for a day. So, as you can imagine, I rarely get the chance to even bite into one of them before they're all gone. I've trained myself to not care about popsicles... until now...HOLY CRAP. Those locopops are DELISH!Tried the avocado one, not bad. But the kiwi raspberry was a fiesta!Now, the question is, do I share this locopops heaven with my significant other? Or do I keep this one to myself?? ;)
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2010,6/12/2010,16,20,5,9,4>This place is hardly bigger than a largish college suite, but they have packed it full of film across all genres. From the latest blockbusters to the hard-to-find classic, NAV probably has it. Sure, they're not going to be as exhaustive as that "I'm not gonna name it" online rental outlet; but try and go online and have a conversation with someone that obviously is working a job primarily so they can watch every film the store has to offer and can fill you in with worthwhile recommendations or chit-chat about what they've seen that week that's good/missable.Their selection of blu-ray titles is getting stronger every week. Too, I love the wall of Criterion Collection and their roster of foreign titles. If you can't find that particular title from years ago, be sure and ask the clerk as they may have it cross-referenced in Academy Award Winners/Criterion/Staff Picks or some such.Did I mention the rentals are pretty cheap? And it seems like some of the titles they'll let you keep for a month (oh yea, if anyone sees that guy that has SWEET & LOWDOWN, would 'ja tell him to return the damned thing???). But beware the back-room! I'm just saying...Like the local record store or newsstand, there are too few  places like NAV left, so why don'tcha frequent it while you can?
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2010,6/11/2010,77,107,6,9,5>I have tried 3-4 nail salons in the area, including some in "spa" settings, and none of them can beat US Nails.  Michael and his wife own the spa and run a very clean, friendly business.  Walk-ins are welcome and the wait has never been too bad.  They do offer acrylic/gel nails and waxing services.  I just go for a "classic" mani/pedi combo and the massage chairs are worth the cost of the pedicure alone!  Last visit here one of the girls and Michael actually were a tag team, while Michael took care of my manicure my pedicure was being done also.  I was in and out as a walk-in in 45 minutes with perfectly pink nails!  They do a great French manicure and even offered to do some flowers on my toes, but to follow the GRITS* rules, my toes and nails had to match!  *Girls Raised In The South :)
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,6/9/2010,8,74,,8,3>Wow, I have a new favorite on my short list of local eateries. My gym partner and I decided to give this place a try tonight even though it was a bit out of the way from the gym. It was worth the trip. We were seated immediately upon entering and the waiter was at the table within minutes to take our drink order. We took note of the 20 wing + 100 oz beer special but elected to try that another time. I had the Miller Lite draft which was cold and reasonably priced. The wing selection is small compared to other places - only four sauces to chose from. The wings were great. We ordered boneless however we got the bone. We didn't point that out to our waiter but we enjoyed the wings anyway. In the waiter's defense, I'm sure we confused him when we were ordering. The only real blemish on the evening was the server who delivered the food with a one word announcement of "Here!" as she glided by without stopping and continued on. Fortunately, she was as brief as she was rude. With the exception of the server,  the rest of the staff seemed genuinely happy and were great to deal with.There are numerous TVs  throughout the bar so that no matter where you sit, you have a view of the game. We will definitely return to try to 100 oz beer special. Glad to have a new place to haunt.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2010,6/8/2010,104,463,4,4,3>Is it really possible that I haven't reviewed this yet? Everyone else seems to have already so let me break it down.The strength of Shiki is the variety.  It's worth one of the 4 stars I've given it.Order things of similar price to take full advantage of the BOGO. If you order high dollar and cheap stuff, you will pay for the expensive stuff, get the cheap stuff free, and be sad.You will be tempted to mix & match because they have like 50 different rolls.  Show some patience.  Come back another day to order from a different price range. Bring a group.  Best way to take advantage of the BOGO is by ordering tons of stuff and apparently you might get it all served ON A BOAT.... ON A BOAAAT! EVERYBODY LOOK AT ME CAUSE I'M EATING SUSHI ON A BOAT!Expect to wait during peak hours cause it's busy a lot.  Might try calling ahead (not sure how they handle that).Ask the waiter for recommendations on rolls.  I never can remember what I get, so it's a crapshoot every time.  Maybe I'll have to start writing things down.Note their daily drink specials (1/2 price wine on Sundays!) Their rolls are probably a bit more expensive than they should be, which is how they can offer BOGO all the time and make money, so I wouldn't recommend Shiki unless you can really pound down some rolls.   I typically eat 3-4 just by myself, so that's why I like this place.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2010,6/7/2010,74,201,2,4,5>I came here for the first time during restaurant week and Blu Seafood definitely did not disappoint.  My friends and I purposely came here because they had Tuesday oyster specials.  So, just in case we weren't full off of the 3-course restaurant week menu, we could order more oysters on top of that :)  I had a dozen of their blue point oysters for $13, which isn't bad at all because of how fresh it was.  They had PEI mussels soaked in this chili lime sauce and those were pretty darn tasty and well-cooked.  I got their shrimp and grits as an entree and just like Christina G. I thought that after I had shrimp and grits and Crook's Corner, there was no turning back.  Blu Seafood proved me wrong!  Their shrimp and grits were phenomenal.  The shrimp and grits were cooked with applewood bacon and swam in a sea of lemon butter sauce goodness.  This dish is guaranteed to make you come back for more.  I also tried their calamari that was deep fried with a simple salt and pepper batter.  With calamari, I like it when restaurants keep it simple, which is what they did here and it was deelish!  Last but not least, I tried their key lime pie, which was nothing to rave about unfortunately, but hey, you can't have it all!  It was more like a lemon bar because you could tell it was baked in a tart pan.  They didn't even have whipped cream or anything on it :(Service was a little slow, but great.  They have a pretty good drink selection and they have different specials pretty much everyday of the week, so be sure to check it out!
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2010,6/6/2010,15,58,3,15,8>Since the Aveda Institute is staffed by students, it can be very hit and miss, but I have had mostly good experiences here.Hair color, especially highlights, is a GREAT DEAL. Highlights cost you a third to half of what'd they'd cost elsewhere. Plus they use Aveda hair color and products, which is what they use in Aveda salons and is really high quality. I always go here for highlights. Expect it to take a really, really long time if you get a beginner student. Not only do they have to wait around to ask for instructor approval on various parts of the process, but they can be slow since they're new at it. The first time I got partial highlights, it took five hours. Really. But it was $30 and she did a great job, so I couldn't complain. I went back to that same student several more times and she took only two hours (about the same as a regular salon) the last time I went.It's also a pretty good deal for haircuts.Some tips: --Don't go here for anything besides hair stuff. Almost all the students are in school for hair, but they all have to do rotations through everything else, so you'll get someone who doesn't really care or want to perform that service. Also, the other stuff isn't a particularly good deal. A pedicure is $25 I think, which is the same price at most regular salons in town. Waxing is only a little cheaper, and there's no way I'm going to let a 19-year old give me a bikini wax just to save $5. I had the crappiest pedicure I have ever had here. Later I found out that the girl who gave it to me hates feet and, like everyone else, is there to do hair.--Request an advanced student on the phone. They do that all the time. If you don't, you are very likely to end up with a beginner and sit there forever. --Be diligent in asking what they're doing, and if they do something you don't like, be sure to say something - an instructor will come fix it or at least help the student fix it. --The students can't accept tips, so the school accepts "tips for a cause," which changes monthly. The students have competitions to see who can raise the most money and get "credit" for the tips though, and I think they get prizes, so I always tip anyway. Plus it's for a good cause.--Follow them on Twitter or Facebook. Like another reviewer said, they frequently post coupons for 20 - 25% off services that you can't find elsewhere.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,6/5/2010,35,89,,4,3>This place takes reservations and is good for groups.  Furthermore, it's great for vegetarians ... the middle page of the menu is entirely items that can be made with tofu or veggies instead of meat.  My department has taken visiting speakers out to dinner here, and we have always had good success scoring a large enough table and getting good service when we want to be good entertainers.  The half off sushi on weeknights also means it doesn't cost us a fortune, which is good when you're seeking reimbursement for a big group.  Not the most authentic food I've ever had, but good at what it does.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2010,6/4/2010,113,521,,4,3>A long-time Raleigh resident and colleague recommended this quaint seafood joint.  I'd noticed it from the road while going to the Trek (bike) store.  After her rave review I decided to give it try after church.  There's a pretty good variety on the menu, though I'd love to see some other choices.  The service was good and quick.  I had the combo (fried oysters and jumbo shrimp) with cole slaw and their garlic fries.  I'm not usually a fries chick, but these were good.  I sat inside, but outside seating is available and it's enclosed by plastic to keep away the elements (it was supposed to rain Sunday).  The interior is small, but it somehow adds to the charm and character of this place.  Parking is a bit tight immediately in front of the location, so I recommend scoring a park on the side.
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2010,2/19/2011,55,264,4,9,6>Not just for tires.  I have been going to Champs for years and only once was it for tires.  Mike is the best - honest and friendly.  Things are ready when they say they will be.  Nice location.  We usually drop off our car for an inspection or oil change and walk up the street to grab a bite to eat or shop the Family Fare.  As a female I sometimes worry mechanics will try to take advantage of me.  I have total confidence that would not happen at Champs!
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2010,2/18/2011,89,190,,9,4>Recently my loved one and I spent a breezy summer evening and day in beautiful Chapel Hill. Now as a Wolfpack alum, I may be run out of the pack for admitting that CH/Carrboro is a great and gorgeous place to eat, live, or play. But I will take my chances. Spending a night at Aloft is simply like nothing CH has to offer. It is an unique experience located right off campus near shops, trails, and it even comes with its own nightlife to start your evening off right. It is hard to do the rooms that Aloft offers any justice without pictures. However, they are chic and modern, utilizing squared designs to maximize the entire room to something more than just a room. Its almost like an experience. While this is not something new, it is to CH. While it is not of 5-star status via a real hotel rating, it deserves one here based on many factors. It is eco friendly, with no little shampoo bottles, instead opting for Bliss (company name) dispensers. It has giant windows that you look out of while laying down without having to move. I mean from 3 feet off the ground to the ceiling windows. It has its own fresh snack bar downstairs with wholesome Naked drinks, sandwiches, and more. It also has an indoor saltwater swimming pool. And did I mention the shower can mainly be lit by natural light?So yes 5-stars. A great experience and if you are lucky try to Priceline this hotel for a cheaper rate. We did! We had a great time and would stay there again.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2010,2/17/2011,81,795,,5,4>Yum!   I've never been much of a cheesesteak sandwich person, but if the real thing is anything like these, I may have to rethink my position. I've been by twice now with friends and have been completely won over. First with the Portobello mushroom, the only non-meat offering on the menu other than the kids grilled cheese, and then with the garlic roast pork. Anvil's is hidden in the small shopping center it shares with other relatively small businesses but worth looking for and finding. The garlic roast pork, with its spinach, roasted red peppers and provolone was served on a soft roll. It's difficult to describe the taste -- but clean seems to work -- the light spices and the roasted red peppers never overpowered the flavors of the meat. The meat itself was tender, unlike some where it seems like you're chewing a piece of wood. The portobello mushroom was made with roasted red peppers (I'm beginning to develop a whole new appreciation for them) , cheese, and onions, but the balsamic vinegar is exactly what was needed to set off the flavors. It's not health food, but sometimes you just have to say "so what?" and go with it. The sandwiches are huge and I wish they could cut them in half to make them easier to eat; but then, as my cheesesteak aficionado friends tell me, that takes away from the whole cheesesteak experience.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2010,2/16/2011,147,238,3,6,6>This place is super cute.  You walk in to a salon with lots of Japanese themed eye candy, random vintage inspired decorations, hair, skin and makeup producs, toys, bags, cameras.. you name it!    It not only has the cute factor of the type of stuff you'd see in a Japanese specialty store, but it also has the coolness vibe of an independent, trendy salon.  The bonus?  You can book your appointments online - I love being able to browse a schedule and book at my leisure.I initially came here looking for a good eyebrow wax.  I'd been looking for a good place (and asked some Yelpers) and came across this place with its proximity to home and glowing reviews.  I was worked on by Tara, and she does a great job!  She has a great "bedside manner," great music playing on the ipod at all times, and does a fantastic job managing my brows.   Oh, and I love the waxing/spa room.  It has the look of a sauna, and smells really good.My second visit was a cleanup on the wax, and a haircut done by Mary, who did a great job translating my "um, I kind of want to add some layers and maybe make it cooler?" comment into something great.  I was completely at ease, and my hair turned out exactly the way I wanted it to, with only a few words and hand motions.  That's what I call talent!
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2010,2/15/2011,114,375,2,6,4>Like Susan Z. sez, sliding scale.Everything on this list was very good:**Pork Buns**Pork Dumplings**Shrimp Dumplings**Salt & Pepper Ribs**Broccoli**Eggplant**Shrimp-stuffed JalapenosI've only been for lunch ... I want to go back for weekend brunch and see if it's replete with the carts and the mayhem that make a good weekend Dim Sum.
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2010,2/14/2011,85,119,9,6,5>I think they might be sprinkling a little crack dust on the rolls.   My husband and I seriously needed another fix of Hayashi this week.  Unlike the slow Tuesday night I visited, this time (Friday) it was packed!  Tina , who was our previous server, was a hostess.  She thanked us for coming back and told us there was a 5-10 minute wait.  Since we were with our stroller (actually we're always lugging around a stroller), we told her we'd wait outside.  Sure enough, 5 minutes later she came to get us and sat us at the same table as last time.  This was great because it's a little nook of the restaurant where the stroller is away from walking aisles.  These are what we think are the top rolls:Volcano Under the SeaDynamiteAh-sho (watch pronounciation, I ended up asking for an ass show)The dessert was still delicious although it wasn't free this time :-PTIP:  If you come here during dinner time on a weekend - prepare to wait!  However, during the weekdays it seems to be rather empty.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2011,2/13/2011,44,135,4,8,5>After finding out that our prescription dog food had been recalled and our former vet decided not to call and let us know this small, rancid detail, we went on the hunt for some new chow for the pup-pups. With the prescription ingredient label in hand we ended up at Unleashed. The staff is knowledgeable and was able to suggest a brand that we have been using for several months now with no ill effects and much cheaper than the old prescription. That alone made me a fan, but Unleashed has so much more to offer.Unleashed also has a DIY dog wash facility. There is a huge walk-in sink (fits a 100+ lb dog no problem), lots of shampoos & conditioners to choose from, towels, dryers, brushes, etc. After all the shaking is over you can drop your towels and pay at the door - they clean up the mess.Last but not least there is a great variety of dog toys, treats, leashes, stickers, t-shirts, and all other things dog related. Bonus: Strategically located next to Chubby's Tacos. Washing two big dogs can make you hungry!
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2010,2/12/2011,57,606,3,18,7>Orchid has a unique concept that I haven't seen at another restaurant in the area.  It's called a buffet without a buffet.  Essentially, you have the option of ordering from an all-you-can-eat buffet menu.  (There is a standard menu as well if you don't want the buffet option.)  How it works is you are given a paper menu slip and pencil to fill out what you want.  Your order is taken and you are given another slip, so that when you are ready for seconds, you simply fill out what you want and the waiter takes it so that your food comes out straight from the kitchen, not out from under the noseguard.  I ordered sushi from the buffet menu.  The regular menu has more interesting sushi options.  The buffet menu has your basics like California and Philly rolls (which I am a big fan of).  (And they even have a section of vegetarian sushi on the buffet menu!)  I got a salmon avocado, tuna avocado, spicy tuna and Philly roll along with miso soup and seaweed salad.  My friend got shrimp tempura, spring rolls, shrimp udon, garden salad and miso soup from the buffet menu as well.  The food was very good.  The sushi was good--a smaller amount of rice and sushi full of fish and vegetable.  The spicy tuna had some tempura flakes that gave it a crunch.  The seaweed salad was very good, and the miso was how I like it with a lot of seaweed.  My friend LOVED the shrimp tempura and shrimp udon.  She said the dressing on the garden salad was delicious but that she would prefer other leaves to just iceberg lettuce.  All in all, a minor issue.  The buffet option is $13.95 per person.  The restaurant is still working out the kinks with the buffet system, as servers aren't sure when they should check your slip to know if you want more food.  The waiter asked my opinion and I didn't think of it then, but I'm thinking a stand on the table would work.  This way, customers could put the menu slip in the stand and the waitstaff would know to pick it up.  Whatever they decide to do, I think Orchid is a great value.  The food is very good and the staff is very friendly.  I wish them success!
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2010,2/11/2011,69,172,2,8,3>After eating at the Sawmill Tap Room and actually having a salad, I was not disgustingly full and ready to try Fresh.  There was a BOGO coupon for waffle cones burning a hole in my pocket for weeks, and it was time. I'm not exactly sure how to describe the building that it's housed in--kind of like a drive-thru only type place? (Does anyone know what used to be there?) Anyway, there is only outdoor seating, but plenty of it.  There aren't a ton of different flavors to choose from, and only one service window (which apparently they are working to fix), but the line went pretty fast and the service was super-friendly.  I had one scoop of cookie's 'n cream and one scoop of mint chocolate chip (not green!) in a waffle cone.  Oh man, it was probably the best cookies 'n cream I've ever had, hands-down.  The mint chip was also good, and the homemade waffle cone was amazing.  My husband had the banana pudding flavor and that was really tasty as well.  I thought the prices and portions were very good--three cones for around $10.  At Goodberry's--which I also like--it would be probably closer to $15+.  I love that they use hormone-free milk from a local farm, and you can even buy glass bottles of milk there. Really good stuff, and fortunately, or unfortunately for me, it's quite close to my house. It will definitely be a summer favorite for me!
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2010,2/10/2011,135,254,4,11,9>"Awesome fresh-made Honduran food, sketchy restaurant"This place is easy to ignore as you drive by- almost looks like a revamped storage unit from the outside given the white paneling and odd awning.  I actually came once before with my family but decided to eat elsewhere, as it seemed a little sketchy inside, too- first thing you see upon entrance is a set of pool tables, a big jukebox, and a bunch of people playing who seem to know each other. However, I was delighted with my lunch experience here today.  Came with a group of 3 others including my wife.  I ordered "Cena Hondurena", which came with a thin-cut steak, 2 eggs, rice, beans, cheese, avocado, and fried plaintains.  My wife ordered "Pollo frito con casamiento", which came with a huge helping of fried chicken, cheese, avocado, and plantains.  Dishes were ~$10 each.Both dishes were AH-MAZING!  The steak was absolutely scrumptious (came topped with something kind of like pico de gallo), and both the beans and plaintains were totally delish.  I had a bite of my wife's chicken, and MAN, that was good- some sort of delicious seasoning permeated all the chicken even under the skin/ crust.  I even had another bite when I was mostly full, and it still tasted amazing.  Pictures of both dishes posted on Yelp.  Our other dining companions (including Yelper Bob R) were happy with their meals, too.Service was very friendly, though she didn't know basically any English at all.  Speed was on the slow side, but it almost seemed like the same person who waited our tables went to the back and cooked our meals after we ordered.I'd happily go back with my kids now.  They even had kids' meals on the menu!  Lots of interesting drinks to try, too, like a banana soda and various smoothies/ shakes.I wouldn't recommend this place at all for anyone who's looking for fancy ambiance by any stretch.  But if you want really good Honduran food at a fair price (not "cheap" but not pricey), this place rocks.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,9/24/2012,67,177,,6,4>I love walking to The Daily Planet Cafe from work for lunch or a coffee break. The seating outside is my favorite, but that's probably because I'm inside all day. The seating inside is nice as well, but it can be a little loud since it's really busy around lunchtime.Dishes I have tried:* The Veggie Burger, which is my favorite so far. I am always weary of the first time I try a veggie burger somewhere because they are either really good or really horrible. This one was really good! I love that it came with sprouts and carrots. Also, it was a decently sized portion.* The Bison Burger, which is tasty but a little wimpy. The lettuce, tomato, onion, and pickle just don't look like enough. Also, the burger is a little small compared to the very large bun.* The Grilled Cheese with bacon, brie and apple chutney was tasty for sure, but not quite as good or as filling as the veggie burger.* The Iced Vanilla Latte was pretty good, but only cold on the top (yes, I stirred it up). It definitely could have used a little more ice. I LOVE that they use Larry's Beans because it's a local company. I also wish their soy milk was organic. I didn't get it because I won't pay the extra 50c for something that could be as equally full of chemicals and hormones as the milk.Be prepared to divide up your food scraps and trash into proper piles. I definitely like this environmentally friendly idea, but I think some people ruin it by not paying attention (or not caring) where they throw different items away.You can also bring plastic bottle tops here for the Museum to use for kid projects!
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2012,9/23/2012,40,73,,4,3>Good, cheap and simple!At Mitch's you'll find your basic bar food - except the surprising sweet potato tots which I'm still thinking about 24 hours later.  It's a small menu with your bar food staples: chicken fingers, sliders, jalapeno poppers, BLTs and fries.  What made this place stand out for me were the prices.  I ordered the sliders entre which comes with your choice of side.  As mentioned above, sweet potato tots all the way baby.  The entre had two mini sliders and lots of tots.  All for the dazzling price of $5.25....wow!  I was honestly shocked. I spend more on my order at Taco Bell most days.Beers are reasonably priced ranging from $2 to $5. Mitch's has a basic interior, no frills no thrills, but it gets the job done.  Overall, it's a great, chill bar with some stellar prices.  I'd say GO GO GO!
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,9/22/2012,78,106,,5,4>I had so much fun here!  A couple of my friends took me to this club my first weekend after moving to Raleigh (which was just a couple of weeks ago).  I felt like I was right back home in West Hollywood partying away.  This club really has it all... a more laid back bar area, a nice outdoor patio, a game room with a pool table, a dance room... Basically, no matter what you're looking for, you'll find it at legends (except for straight guys)...Ladies, don't come here if you're looking to meet that special someone!  However, if you're like me, you sometimes get tired of dance clubs full of straight men and occasionally want a night off from THAT kind of partying.  So come to Legends and have a blast!  On the night we went there was a drag show going on at 1am, and in a word, it was IMPRESSIVE.  These dancers had some mad talent!!My favorite part about this club though?  The music.  Gay clubs really know how to select a playlist, and that's what made the night extremely fun, in my opinion.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2012,9/21/2012,15,79,,6,4>Taiwanese options are lacking in the Triangle, but this place is pretty authentic! This is definitely my go-to place to satisfy Taiwanese cravings and get lots of leftovers!My husband and I have come here twice and tried most of the staples:- Scallion roasted beef pancake roll: The pancake is thicker and more fried/crispy, but the flavors are spot on, a good amount of hoisin sauce and meat. My husband's fave.- Homemade steamed dumplings: Fantastic texture and flavor, super fresh, and even the dough is homemade!- Stewed minced pork & veggies over rice: More rice than anything else. Don't bother.- Three cups chicken: Again, flavors are spot on, but the chicken pieces are a little larger so you don't get as much sauce-to-chicken ratio. But the chicken is cooked perfectly and tender.- Shredded pork with garlic sauce (not spicy): Eh, I'm not a fan of this combination in general, but I thought the sauce on the pork was too starchy.- Eggplant with garlic sauce (not spicy): YUM! It's hard to cook eggplant well, and I often judge Chinese restaurants by this dish. Very well done, here!- Dry-sauteed green beans: Definitely authentic taste and texture. Yum yum yum.The portions are family-style -- the first time we came with 3 people and spent $45 with lots of leftovers. The second time we came with 3 normal appetites and 1 humongous appetite, spent $80, and fewer leftovers.Service is awesome. My husband asked if they served bubble tea, and they normally do, but by the end of Friday night had run out, so the waitress gave him a complimentary milk tea! Yum! The second time we went, she recognized us and brought out another complimentary milk tea! :-) Super super nice.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,9/20/2012,11,424,,5,3>Excellent.  I have pretty high expectations and I think I set the bar even higher for Mateo.  We had a 8:30 reservation but arrived a little early and were seated after a short wait.  The space is fantastic, very comfy yet rustic and sophisticated at the same time.  The atmosphere is definitely energetic so be prepared.  I could barely hear the waiter across the table, but I do believe he was soft spoken (tisk, tisk.)The food and drinks were out of this world.  Again, high expectations and every dish exceeded them.  Our waiter didn't really explain the menu other than asking if we had questions, but 3-4 tapas per person worked out perfectly for us (I might lean towards three with dessert or four without.)  Here's what we had:*Bunuelo - oxtail marmalade donut - excellent but I doubt I'd order it again*Quimbombo - crisy okra, sherry vinegar aioli - fantastic fried okra with a zippy sauce - perfectly battered and a good portion size*Ensalada de Mariscos - chilled shrimp, crab, mussels, scallops, sherry vinaigretta - fantastic, one of my favorites of the meal*Gambas - shrimp, olive oil, garlic, chili, lemon, parsley - unbelievable - I've had this at other tapas spots and this is tops.  The lemon is super prominent which I loved*Queso Frito y Huevo - crispy manchengo, duck egg, romesco sauce - another favorite.  Not sure I can return without getting it.*Costillas de Cerdo - pork ribs, sherry, honey, sofrito - another favorite.  This will be ordered each time I return.*Mollejas - wood grilled sweetbreads, lemon-caper vinaigretta, migas - probably my least favorite.  Not that it was bad but just paled in comparison to the others.*Almejas Pequenas - manila clams, sherry, garlic, boiled peanuts, ham - I had forgotten boiled peanuts were a component and wasn't a huge fan of this dish until I remembered.  Once I realized the dish took on a whole new meaning and gave that tasty yet odd pairing that you couldn't stop eating (that's a good thing.)There were a couple issues I had, but to me its not worth knocking it off the five star mark (okay, maybe 4.5 but we don't have that option do we?)  There were no explanations given when plates were brought to the table.  They did say, here's the Bunuelo, but how am I supposed to know what that is?  Pacing was also an issue; we ordered all eight tapas at once expecting the waiter to pace them to the kitchen (as has been the case with all other tapas restaurants.)  Not so, our table was overfull almost immediately leading to cool-to-warm tastes towards the end.  Lastly, the sauces and cooking liquids were amazing, very deep flavor and I would have loved to have bread, or more bread than was given (some dishes had one tiny piece) with those dishes.   I've been to some excellent tapas restaurants from Philadelphia to Seattle and San Francisco and this one definitely ranks up there with the best.  The portion sizes at Mateo are larger (which I think is necessary in the south) and I think with some minor tweaks this place will be untouchable.  Definitely a great addition to downtown Durham and without a doubt the new hot spot to hit before a DPAC or Carolina Theatre show.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,9/19/2012,43,194,,5,2>Going to Triangle Brewing Company was an awesome way to spend a random Saturday afternoon. Josh and I are really into brewery tours and after reading about the tour on Yelp, I suggested that we go one weekend and Josh was into this idea.We allowed ourselves a little extra time to get here after having lunch near downtown, and I'm glad we did, since as other people have noted, this place is hard to find. It's tucked away behind the back of a large and not very well-marked building, but we were able to find Triangle Brewing after following some people to the back who told us they were also there for the tour.Once we entered the building, there was a guy handing out pint glasses by the door and we immediately headed to the bar to have ours filled before the tour started. They had four choices the day we were there and the bartenders gave nearly full pints to each person. The tour itself was a good one and it was led by one of the owners of the brewery. Unfortunately, during our tour there were a lot of rude people who were talking loudly the entire time, so at times it was hard to hear the tour guide. I felt really bad for him. This was kind of disappointing as we were not only there for the free beer as these people clearly were, but he stuck around afterwards so Josh could ask him a few questions. He was extremely nice and clearly knew a lot about beer.After the tour (about 30 minutes long), you could stick around and drink for quite some times afterwards. I tried each of the beers and liked the Golden and the Habanero the best. We ended up taking home a growler of the Triangle Golden (just $11 for the growler full of beer- the cheapest price for a growler we've seen from any brewery!) and enjoyed finishing the growler the next day.The next time you're looking for a fun way to spend an afternoon in Durham, head over to Triangle Brewing Company! And make sure to tip the bartenders!
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,9/18/2012,70,129,,6,4>I went to Fleet Feet today to get new running shoes. As soon as I walked in the door someone was there to greet me. Normally I don't like to be bothered when I shop but when there is something specific I need I don't mind and like when they are ready. I said I needed new running shoes and she was ready and asking all the right questions. She fitted me and brought out a few different pairs to try out. In the store they have a small track to try the shoes out on. It is down a hallway so you don't have people watching you which is a plus. I ended up finding a pair which I think I will enjoy along with a pair of orthotics. I spent more money than originally intended but if I have any problems I can email them for help. The store itself is very bright and open. I enjoy the clean and open feel of it. They sell many different brands and the staff is very knowledgeable. I personally like them just for the fact they sponsor Girls on the Run. I would recommend this store to all runners in the area.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,9/17/2012,79,87,,7,4>I've updated this review to five stars, not because it's the best restaurant in town, but for what it offers, it's the best in its class.Cheap, fast, convenient Chinese take-out. Even when it is dead slow, the food is still consistent, which is hard to come by at most Chinese take-out restaurants. The dining area is clean, they offer a variety of bottled beer (Tsingtao is a Chinese lager...also have Carolina Pale Ale, Hoegarden, Asahi which is a Japanese beer).The most impressive thing about this place is actually the people behind the counter. The service is great! The manager Wei (at least I believe he is), is a great guy. He always greets you with a smile, asks you how your day was, and if you're up for it, engages in conversation during the slower times. I've noticed many customers speak with Wei as if they've known eachother for years...you just don't see that anymore. It was very refreshing. I ordered a lunch plate and while I waited he offered me water. He also asked me if I would use delivery if they offered it -- I responded with an enthusiastic ABSOLUTELY, and he thanked me for my input.For what it is, Peace China serves food priced right and offers phenomenal customer service.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2012,9/16/2012,38,237,,9,4>Thank goodness for this place!Long story short, I needed extra fine bulgur. I was dreading the search. I told myself, "I'll go to Kroger, I'll go to Harris Teeter... and if they don't have it, I will have to go all the way to Cary." Also, to add how much I was dreading this, my local Kroger does not even carry MALT VINEGAR (as in the delicious condiment for fish and chips), so I was pretty sure they were not going to have extra fine bulgur!Luckily before I stepped foot in a large chain grocery store, I remembered Around the World Market, as I must have passed it a hundred times. I guess I never went in before, because I didn't know what to expect... turns out it is a pretty awesome Indian grocery store. But the awesome thing about Indian food is that it can cover a lot of different cuisines.... so YES, this story has a happy ending: I found my bulgur! And for quite cheap, too. I would recommend this place if you are looking for anything related to Indian food/cuisine  (and maybe even middle eastern food, as I did find my bulgur and see some cous cous). I was really surprised to see how huge it is. There is also a really huge frozen food section. I haven't been to the "Around the World Market" in Cary, but I would assume it's the same people?
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,9/15/2012,34,218,4,5,5>One word: Milkshake. If you want more words: The pictures of random students/random people/formerly random now famous people are fun to look at while you chow down on deliciously greasy diner food and enjoy some UNC history. And it's one stop shopping if you need to pick up some random drug store-type things.Oh, and the milkshakes are delicious. In case you couldn't pick up on the fact that the milkshakes are yummy.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,1/27/2014,42,63,1,7,5>Simply put, I love this place and most everything about it.Okay, here is a list of things that are amongst Bida Manda's highlights:  1. Beautiful Bamboo encased bar, 2. Delicious, fresh, changing and interesting cocktails, 3. Friendly and prompt wait and bar staff that don't seem pissed off to be there, 4. Beautifully decorated and interesting artwork, 5. Food that never disappoints. The herbs and spices in the Larb dishes are ridiculously fresh and complex.  The beef larb is probably my favorite of all the menu items.  Next favorite is absolutely the papaya salad with lemongrass chicken and sticky rice.  Both of these dishes will guarantee happiness to any foodie (even though I really hate that word, "foodie"... ew).Everything else I have tried here is delicious such as the soft shell crab appetizer, the spring rolls with yummy peanut sauce, and the pork belly soup.  However, I will say again, there is just something very unique and special about the Larb dishes and the Papaya salad dishes (you can choose from a vareity of meat or fish in these).  If you like spicy food, get your dish medium spicy and a fair warning- if you get it "Lao spicy" you should have a very high spice tolerance because even the medium spicy does not play around with your taste buds.  I have a very high spice tolerance for a white girl from NC and my eyes were watering with the medium spicy papaya.   And my father, who basically eats habanero hot sauce on his eggs for breakfast, had a spice-related sneezing fit!  However, our sinuses and our bellies were VERY happy after all of this!Don't forget to make a reservation; there is a reason this place gets crowded.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,1/26/2014,10,296,,4,3>The Rock and Shop is one of the best events in the area to find a bunch of NC artists selling their crafts.  At the event on November 30, there was a lot of NC and Durham flavor in the form of screen prints and jewelry.  One of my favorite items was the pint glasses from Etchville - they had glasses with the state on them as well as grills, hogs, banjos, and more fun images.  They also had coffee mugs and ornaments that I could also see as potential holiday gifts.   The terrarium shop and the Wylie woodworks shops also caught my attention.  It was crowded and at times the aisles were jammed pack with people and a few strollers.  It seemed like the event was more popular with young adults than the senior community compared to other local craft festivals.We browsed the shops for about an hour and then made our way to the food trucks outside - loved the variety in the trucks.  The location at the Armory was great - parking was not a problem and we walked to Fullsteam after we were done shopping for a tasting and to watch the Duke/UNC game.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,1/25/2014,179,270,,10,5>I'm quickly going to explain why you need to chose this IMAX over the one in Cary. In this is my review and I think it just sums it up. 1. The screen is much larger... about twice the size.2. The sound system is tremendously better.3. It's cheaper (and they often offer $3 off coupons).4. The Marbles Museum is a non-profit. 5. Promote downtown.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,1/24/2014,33,68,4,5,4>If you know what port-a-pit chicken is, you will love this place. I plan to fill my buy 10 get one free punch card by the end of the year. This is my only goal. Damn. Good. Chicken. Even if you have a smoker at home there is no way you can hold a candle to M.N.. My mouth is watering right now just thinking about it. If you have a sick pal to feed, grab a chicken with a side of beans and rice. Have said pal throw out the meds. This food heals. Want to impress? This is the place. I wish I knew how to make the sauces they give to go with the chicken.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,1/23/2014,81,795,5,9,5>Chocolate, chocolate, and more chocolate.  It's almost bad news that Chocolate Boutique opened a location in this part of town.  Prior to that, at least I had an excuse to not visit as I didn't want to drive to North Raleigh just to buy chocolate.The truffles, in multiple flavors, were the dominant confection, although the chocolates that looked like pebbles and malted milk balls, and jelly beans, among others, were amazingly real-looking and plentiful.The helpful employee had a low-pressure approach, allowing me time to peruse the offerings.  When I finally decided, she asked a couple of questions on the type of chocolate I wanted and then suggested a few within that category.  The bad news is that because I picked a few different flavors, I'll have to eat them to remember what I picked.  When given the truffles, I was handed a bag (you can also get a box) and the receipt isn't itemized with the individual flavors.  But I'm okay with that, it'll let me discover them anew.I picked up a bag of the tequila cordials, not sure what I was expecting, but holy liquor, those things are good.  A couple of those was plenty.  It was like eating a hollowed-out chocolate covered sugar cube with the tequila in the center.  The Chocolate Boutique isn't an everyday kind of place and it's not my favorite chocolate place in the area; at two-fifty a truffle, it's a place for a special treat or a gift, but since it is close by, those special occasions may be easier to make happen.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2013,1/22/2014,138,233,10,10,10>Got to hand it to them - it's muy damn traditional Mexican food. Come to think of it, the entire experience was all kinds of Mexican, right down to the homemade chips. A checklist, if you will...Large hispanic family seated nearby and not speaking a word of English?Check.Outside looking like a box abandoned in the desert, yet the interior is nice and dressy?Check!John Travolta movie dubbed in Spanish and being rocked on two plasma screens?CHECK! Aye caramba!!Amid family shenanigans, mariachi guitar over the speakers and a former greaser lip-syncing words I don't understand - over comes the soft-talking waitress I strained to hear. After giving her some words she didn't seem to understand, she disappeared and and another took her place. Double check.I ordered the horchata because I was curious after seeing another Yelper's photo. She said they were out. So, agua it was.Enchilada and burrito with rice & beans, sitting next to shredded lettuce under a dollop of sour cream. Everything was tasty and the rice & beans were appropriately no frills. The price for the whole plate was under $9. Now that's Mexican as hell: affordable prices for filling meals. I've had much larger burritos up north for that money, and just as substantial. But I like getting my comida on with different choices instead of gorging on one big thing. However, nothing offered for dessert did it for me. I hate flan. That, and because it was unusually loud in there for 9:30 at night kept my experience from being exceptional. But I'll be back, mami. Uno de these dias...FJX
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,1/21/2014,56,150,2,7,4>The long awaited opening of Chuy's (a place apparently only I had never heard of) has finally come and gone.   I went a little earlier than I normally would (I usually like to let new places work out the kinks), but it didn't disappoint.  I still love Gonza, but this place can compete for sure.  Things to know...- Happy hour!   From 4-7, they have drink specials and a complimentary taco car (think small buffet dressed up like a car)- Chips and salsa and ranchero sauce rock. I only had a taste cause I'm on a diet, but they were yummy.  - They have a Lite Plate (see aforementioned soul-killing diet).  This entree consists of one beef taco, some guacamole and lettuce, and some chili con queso.  Since most mexi-places have zero low calorie options, this is a definite plus.  It was tasty and just enough food to satisfy.  I even skipped most of the cheese sauce...yea me!- Two thumbs down, though, on the lack of published nutrition info.  One of the few things I like about chains is the truth in advertising that comes with a stock menu.   Get it together Chuy's.  - Previous reviewers commented on the parking, but it's not that bad really.  There is a deck nearby (100 yards or so) and while there's no elevator (annoying, yes), it's adequate.  Besides, it's north hills.  People ought to be used to the parking malfunction by now.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,1/20/2014,62,93,1,8,3>Stanbury had me at "chef formerly of Asheville's The Admiral," one of my favorite restaurants of all time. And it didn't disappoint.The good: creative, sophisticated, meat-centric small plates and entrees. My companion and I stuck to the small plates, so we could explore the menu. We enjoyed an arugula salad, simply but perfectly dressed; soft shell crab, lightly battered and fried, then served with a Thai-inspired dressing - probably my favorite dish of the night. Next up: bone marrow, served with crisp grilled bread and a delicious parsley and caper salad on the side. We scooped the marrow with a spoon and slathered it on the bread: heaven! This marks my first marrow experience - but not my last.Finally, our last course: General Tso-style sweetbreads. This dish is straight from The Admiral's playbook. I am a sucker for sweetbreads, and they were perfectly prepared, though I have to say the General Tso sauce may be a bit too sweet for my liking. However, the sweetbreads were my friend's favorite course of the evening.Although I was already about to explode out of my dress like The Hulk, my friend ordered two items from the dessert menu: a Coke float, which included bourbon along with the soda and ice cream, and a trifle. We both found the cake in the trifle a little too dry and dense, but the mousse was delicious. Stanbury has a great cocktail menu as well - I highly recommend giving their specialty drinks a try. On the downside, on a busy weekend evening, the house is LOUD and feels a bit cramped, so don't go expecting a quiet, intimate experience. And DEFINITELY make a reservation in advance. It's in the space formerly occupied by Market, if that helps provide perspective. However, is it worth it for a unique dining experience featuring creative cooking and cocktailing at a surprisingly reasonable price? Yes, yes it is.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,1/19/2014,83,162,,10,8>So, I'm aging myself when I say that the first time i went to the Rockford was about 13 years ago.  It was one of the first places I 'discovered' on my own when I moved to Raleigh.   I lived nearby in Cameron Park and my 'treat' to myself would be to walk over to the Rockford for a chicken prosciutto sandwich. Since then, I've been there countless times-  on my own, w/ my (now husband) first date, and with many friends.  Several epic nights out started at The Rockford. So, I have a definite sentimental attachment.  That said, the Rockford is also just plain cool.  It's not in your face, the decor is very nice (local art, etc), and it's food is always good.  Most recently, I visited for the first time in 3 years probably and I have to say, it has not lost it's charm- and the bathrooms are much nicer now too.  It was great to see old favorites on the menu, but also some changes like the daily risotto.  Also, the cocktail menu has evolved and 'the Bees Knees' I ordered was delicious. Overall, I don't think you need a sentimental attachment to find the Rockford to be a relaxed and enjoyable experience.  Everybody needs to try it at least once- if it's not your scene, that's cool.  If it is, enjoy the vibe.. and try the hummus.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,1/18/2014,62,167,3,7,5>Our first time last October and all I can say is that they went over and beyond it's not just for those that want to get a scare, it has a less scary but fun hayride for the younger ones. A movie, fire pit, dark walk, as well as the Haunted Bus. I think the best thing about it's not just a 15 min walk through the forest it's a place to spend time a place to hang out enjoy a beer and some Banging Tacos and chill by the bonfire! We will be back! Good for kids 12+ to do the "attractions" smaller kids maybe if they stay by the pit area, they do have people in scary costumes walking around but same as costumes on halloween.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,7/13/2012,160,383,2,5,3>This here is a staple for downtown Raleigh y'all...See, I am assimilating just fine to the talk around here, and the wonderful taste of the food as well. Starting out in the 1930's Clyde Cooper opened up his little BBQ, and it is still going strong. Across the street from a big name restaurant in a "newer" setting this place I am sure is no stranger to competition. Maybe they don't care? I wouldn't if I were as fast, friendly, and delicious as this spot is! Wow!Seated right away we were able to sit in a booth during a busy lunch rush hour, and almost immediately were greeted. After our lunch order was placed we were given a full basket of fried pork skin (I've had a bad experience, so I did not try), and some INCREDIBLE hush puppies. They were soft, and fresh, and warm and OH SO GOOD! It really was an incredible little basket of goodness while we waiting for our meals. Good deal too because I was hungry!The main course? Incredible as well! I had to try the combo of both ribs and BBQ - very glad I did! The ribs were not fall off the bone, but it was delicious. Full of flavor, and the moist sauce on top of it was very good as well. The BBQ pork was awesome as well - a hint of vinegar and very very fresh! A nice helping of meat to go with the potato salad I tried as well as Brunswick stew. Two sides, two meats, and don't forget the hush puppies with pork skin all for under $10 (with a tip left on the table). AWESOME! I am impartial to this place due to the "Mom and Pop" style, but also its history. Please check this place out and see how inexpensive, and delicious, lunch in downtown Raleigh can be! Enjoy!
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,7/12/2012,30,57,3,6,3>I've been giving money away at Parker and Otis for years now!  I used to spend all kinds of cash on food there when I worked in the offices right next door. These days, we stop in there nearly every time we're in Durham.  The food here is bangin.  Some might say it's overpriced, but the quality is better than I find in a lot of other places.We've had 5 of their sandwiches and every single one of them has been big, and delicious.  For sides, the pesto pasta salad is amazing, and the coleslaw is tasty too.For a dessert, try the zucchini cupcake.  SO yum!  My girlfriend got one on a whim.  I was reluctant to try it till I saw her face light up after the first taste.  After that, she was reluctant to let me try it.  It's possible they put too much frosting on there, but it's also possible I'm just a cupcake noob.  The frosting is so good I'm willing to let it slide this time.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,7/11/2012,64,264,3,10,5>I hadn't heard of this new Aveda salon before, but when a 50% Living Social coupon showed up in my inbox, I couldn't resist. The $25 coupon was good for a $55 haircut with shampoo and style, and since I was long overdue for a cut and didn't live too far away, I thought, "Why not?"I was very pleased with my overall experience. The salon wasn't too hard to find, although it is somewhat tucked away in a newish development off Homestead Road in Chapel Hill. The salon is sleekly decorated in a minimalist way, with chairs for about 3 clients at a time. Christian (the German guy at the reception desk) has a pretty quirky sense of humour, and you'll pick up on it even when you call to make an appointment. I was happy that I was able to book an appointment without too much of a delay (several days), whereas I find it's not as easy to do that anymore with another popular salon I love in Durham!Nick, my fuchsia-haired stylist, was super. He took the time to really discuss how I wanted my cut and look to turn out. He didn't balk when I told him I wanted ~5 inches cut off my long locks; usually stylists will ask you several times if "you're sure" about your decision. He was pretty thorough during every step of the process, including blow-drying every last strand of hair and adding face-framing layers. I'm really happy about how my haircut turned out.As I left, I was thanked multiple times by (who I think was) the owner for coming. Sometimes businesses can be a bit turned off by coupons, but she was very gracious and thankful for my patronage. All in all, a great hair experience and I will probably be back, coupon or no coupon.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,7/10/2012,199,740,3,5,7>This place looks and feels like Tiffany's but instead of jewels being in those glass cases, it's the next best thing....chocolate!!!The thing I love most, other than the chocolate about this place, is the decor. There is Tiffany blue everywhere with chandeliers and a subtle lighting that makes you want to hang out a while....just like Tiffany's.I went to visit it after receiving a gift box of chocolate from here. I had to see with my own ees what this place was like. Luckily, it is in the Lafayette Vllage shopping area so it was convenient to Wake Forest.The owner studied at Ecole Chocolate and admits that her goal is to bring the elegance of chocolate from Europe, right here to NC! There is a wide variety of chocolates for gifts, indulging for yourself, or to make a sweet dessert at one of the restaurants at Lafayette Village. There are truffles with chocolate with a lemon center that were TO DIE for!!! Same with the irish cream, the signature chocolates, and many other chocolate treats. I was told they also do chocolate parties where you and a group of friends can come in, have wine, and make chocolate! Who can beat that?? NO ONE!
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,7/9/2012,223,633,2,9,7>TEN stars at least for this incredibly well-executed, amazingly wonderful event!  Being a Food Network fanatic who loves Chopped and Iron Chef, to say I was thrilled to see that this event being put on right here in Raleigh is putting it mildly.  To say I had high expectations even more so.  How could this possibly live up to those expectations?  Well it not only did, but exceeded them!  From beginning to end, this, the second night of Fire in the Triangle was IlPalio vs.Jujube.  We enjoyed a glass of wine (at a nominal cost) before we were invited into the main dining room.  There, we were instructed on how to vote. Each seat had four different wines to taste and vote on.  We were also brought bread and butter. After being told the results of the wine voting, glasses were cleared.    Six exciting courses followed.  Before we were served, a description of the next course was flashed on the tv screens scattered throughout, so we could anticipate what we would be presented.  Our secret ingredient was mustard, and the creative uses of it were truly astounding, especially in the dessert courses.   Faves of the night for me were a shrimp course with a crispy mustard-flavored coating with a mustardy slaw and a mustard bbq sauce.  Another one was an apple tartine that was so delicate, yet bold with bleu cheese (and I normally hate bleu cheese), plus mustard caramal & cream...I know it sounds crazy, especially if you add in the basil, but it was phenomenal.     After all courses were completed, we were given an opportunity to complete our judging.  We were introduced to the chefs and their teams, the professional judges, as well as other guests, before the winner was announced.  Il Palio won by a small margin and now goes on to compete in the semi-finals.   Am so HAPPY to have attended, and even happier that I have reservations for more of these to come.  Please note that most of the rest are sold out. If you're remotely interested in the remaining two, you better act fast!  Also note that there is no way of knowing what the secret ingredient will be, so if you're not fairly wide open with what it could be, it may not be the event for you.  Edited to add that I realize this might look like I am endorsing a Food Network event....I am NOT.  This is LOCAL LOCAL.  (statewide)....What I mean is that it is the kind of thing I have watched on tv and dreamed about being a part of.  How cool that someone in our own state has started this, perfected it, created it and brought it to us?  Jimmy Crippen is his name...apparently he has a country inn and restaurant at crippens.com in Blowing Rock.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2012,7/8/2012,154,244,5,14,6>I'm actually really glad I put off getting the nose ring I've wanted pretty much my entire life until this past Saturday because Dogstar--and especially my piercer, Alexia--made the wait totally worth it.You know how a lot people at tattoo shops think they're too cool for school? Well, while the folks at Dogstar look like the bad-ass mofos your parents would be concerned about if you were hanging out with them in high school, they are so, so nice.Alexia was great about helping me decide exactly where the piercing should go, and she explains everything as she does it ("I'm putting my hand on your chin, I'm inserting this tube into your nostril," etc.). She also equipped me with plenty of tissues for my watery eyes (NOT TEARS! REFLEXES!) before she pierced.Big bonus for the cleanliness of the entire operation while still being a beautiful, stylish space.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2012,7/7/2012,48,78,4,6,2>Sorry to say America, but your bread is crap. Having migrated from England many moons ago, I have never gotten over how bad the bread is here. Enter La Farm. Finally a place that does decent home goodness bread. I can once again have everything in a sandwich. Now all I have to do is concentrate on losing a few extra pounds, so my trips here are totally sinful. Brunch is always great, just be prepared for a busy lunch crowd.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2012,7/6/2012,69,760,,7,2>A small pearl of wisdom here... on a Friday night, CALL AHEAD.  Even with call ahead seating, we waited about 20 minutes after we arrived, but it sure beats waiting an hour and a half from just showing up cold.  Note, they do NOT take reservations (we tried).My bride asked me what I wanted to do for my birthday dinner and I had been wanting to try Shuckers for a couple of years, but knowing she's not much of a seafood fan, I've shied away from the place.  Not this time - after having a near death experience I've decided life is too short to keep putting off the things I want to try.The first thing i noticed when we sat down... PAPER table covers.  I knew I was going to enjoy being here.  Looking around, the bar was surrounded on all sides, even the side that was standing room only (no stools by the entrance area).  The place is VERY dimly lit... people literally took their I-phone flashlights out to read their menus.  The noise level was such that any conversations had to be right each others ears.I've never been a fan of hush puppies, but the hush puppies, here, are the best I've ever had... they pop right in your mouth just like doughnut holes.   Then arrived the raw oysters on the half shell - since I'm the only one (in my party) who eats raw oysters, I got to enjoy the entire half dozen by myself.  Delicious with the horseradish and cocktail sauce!  Next up - Alaskan Snow Crab legs... a lot of work (which is why I don't order this stuff very often) but worth the price and the effort.  The crab legs were seasoned with Old Bay which was a nice touch.  The red skin potatoes and the slaw were the perfect compliments to the crab!  On the house was my birthday dessert - and a fine piece of key lime pie that was too, that is, until someone at my table decided to run their finger through it to get the whipped cream off the plate.  One complaint - and the reason for the lost star... The wine menu suggested the house Cabernet was a Chilean cab.  When the bottle arrived, it was a California cab - not a smooth move to substitute without letting your customer know ahead of time.Next visit = try the fish & chips!Follow Up - tried the fish & chips and was unimpressed with the portions for the price.  One the bright side, it was a very good cod filet.  Where I come from the fish hangs off both ends of the plate when I order a meal like this.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,7/5/2012,58,186,2,8,3>Baffled by the low ratings of this little gem of a place.  I don't often hand out 5 stars in my reviews, but I want to give this place a little yelp love!  This is my favorite Italian restaurant in the triangle area!Located in the tobacco district, it is a little tricky to find as it's in an office building on the lower level.  If you're driving on Blackwell St and go past Cuban Revolution, you've gone too far.  I can't wait for warmer weather to sit outside - GREAT outdoor space!!Hector was our server and what a gem of a guy he is - he made us feel like family sitting in his family's Italian kitchen.  He paid such attention to detail and was attentive without being pushy or annoying.  I happily discovered that Monday night is 1/2 price wine by the bottle night, so we definitely took advantage of that!  I asked which was his favorite (as they're all italian wines and I'm not as well versed), he quickly responded with the first red on the list which is their 'house' wine....and the cheapest I might add.  I always love it when this happens because you know he's sincere and not trying to sell us the most expensive thing.  I asked for a taste to see if I liked it before buying the bottle.  He was more than happy to do this for us and he brought another one along with him for me to taste as well.  These 'tastes' were a very nice pour!  I actually loved the second one 'Vietti Barbera d'Alba" and ordered that one $46/bottle reduced to $23 that night was a terrific deal!  While they were sadly out of that one, he brought another bottle for me to try - this one wasn't even offered by the glass, so he opened a bottle soley for me to taste 'Vietti Nebbiolo' - and we loved it!  On to the food - everything on their menu sounds amazing!!  Everything is made in house, including their pasta.  We started with an app of bruschetta with mushrooms and cheese and they were spectacular!  They offer 2 fish entrees - a snapper and salmon and Hector recommend the salmon - with lemon potato salad and roasted asparagus...amazing.  The hubby got the pesto pasta....OMG - it was so good.  Perfectly al dente and delish.  Our friend got the pork dish with gnocchi which she said was delicious.  They also bring out the same yummy pesto sauce that was on the pasta as a dip for the warm italian bread they bring out....Dessert was a tough choice but we decided upon the pistachio gelato and lemon polenta cake, which was somewhat like a lemon pound cake.  To top the evening off, we got coffee - they bring your own filter drip contraption that goes over your cup....it's definitely fresh and definitely great!  We wanted one more glass of red wine each and I asked for that first Barber d'Alba that they ran out of (they had only what was left in that bottle).  He finishes the bottle for us by giving us 2 HUGE pours and then says due to the frustration of not having more of that wine, he would not charge us for those glasses....which was typically $12/glass.  I'd be remiss if I didn't discuss their prices...they're cheap!!  My salmon entree was $19 I think, but the pasta dish was $16....there was nothing over $20 if I recall....for 3 people with an app, 3 entrees, a bottle of wine, and 2 desserts the bill came to $100...what a deal!What a great night, great server, quaint atmosphere, and amazing food!  I can't wait to go again!!  Bravo!
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,7/4/2012,22,62,1,8,5>We were told an hour wait on a Friday evening around 8:30. We never really think they mean an hour but this time, they did. And just an FYI. By the time we sat around 9:30, there were PLENTY of seats. So just go later. :)  We did occupy ourselves with margaritas but we also had two kids with us that were margarita-less, so they probably would have preferred NOT to wait an hour.My philosophy is no restaurant is worth a long wait. With that said, our food was so fricking good. It's basically just a menu of tacos. Yes, there are other food items: salads, a quesadilla (since my youngest ordered one of those), and I noticed carne asada but the majority of the menu is tacos at around $9-$10 each, maybe a few that went over $10; I can't remember.The salsa that comes with the chips is the best I've had in the area. And it is SPICY. Love. It. No one else at the table could tolerate it so I had it all to myself. My husband was shocked that this is what they gave as 'default' to normal humans. :)The guacamole is just a single scoop. I would prefer to see a larger amount delivered to the table. It didn't seem to be enough for the description. More beauty than function, IMHO.I ordered the camaron tacos - shrimp. You get one side and I ordered the cilantro rice. GET THIS. It is wonderful. You get three 'mini' tacos in lightly grilled flour tortillas. I could only eat two of my three but I also ate almost the entire bowl of salsa beforehand. The owner came to our table and I told him I recognized him from somewhere...Dos Taquitos? He said he worked there for many years before. The cilantro rice is also a dish that I had a Dos Taquitos (DT) - similar but not quite the same. But this is clearly a different place, specializing in tacos. The menu is much more limited than DT and I have to say, I'm quite happy to have two amazing and unique latin places to enjoy in the area.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2010,2/28/2010,0,23,4,14,5>Best rock climbing gym in the Triangle.Disclaimer: I've only been climbing for 3 months or so so bear with me if I don't have all the terminology rightThe equipment is top notch ;They have good shoes and quality harnesses.  and they sell chalk bags & chalk if you need it.They have a very well equipped free-weight gym, with everything you need to get in shape to climb, including some esotoric stuff like gymnastic rings and climbing specific pull up holds. The staff is knowledgeable. The routes I've climbed(or attempted to climb!), 5.6-5.9, here are well thought out and well graded. The bouldering here is incredible! The routes are great, and they have pretty high bouldering walls so instead of just traversing side to side you get to do a lot of vertical bouldering which is great and presents problems that mimic that of extremely tough vertical rock climbing. Cons: the Price is "high" for the triangle, and it can get a bit crowded occasionally, but nothing too bad.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2010,2/27/2010,86,140,6,5,2>Light fluffy buttery biscuits that have been known to cause an accident on Franklin Street.This little drive thru biscuit shop located right past Franklin Street and Estes builds a nice line of cars in the mornings that spills out onto Franklin Street proper. As men and women, who are willing to get rear ended for a biscuit, patiently await their turn for biscuit paradise.Everything is from scratch. Real eggs, real biscuits, real fried chicken. Once you've had it like this, it's hard to do tiny hard biscuits from anywhere else.If you've never been, the chicken biscuit won't let you down. Their Bacon Egg Cheese is solid too. I also enjoy just getting plain biscuits and rushing home to slather them in butter and jam.These biscuits don't do well when they aren't hot, so if you must eat them while driving, so be it. If someone asks why your seats are covered in jelly and crumbs, tell them the Gods of Taste demanded it.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2010,2/26/2010,40,131,5,4,3>While running around trying to go to a FedEx office on a Friday evening, I suddenly realized this area looks quite familiar. Like a blood hound, I was drawn to a familiar looking mall and yes, that scent was Green Basil !! Maybe it was coincidence that for several days, I could not extinguish the thoughts of Bahn Mi, the Vietnamese sandwiches. I easily parked my car, and walked in the simple restaurant to view their large featured menu of four different types of Bahn Mi sandwiches...all at only $3.00 each. I selected the combination style and asked for it to go. It was a painful ride home with my VIP passenger ( yes, I am speaking of the Bahn Mi ) carefully positioned on the front passenger seat. Once safely home, I carefully unwrapped...oh heck I whipped that out of the bag and enjoyed my first large bite of crisp bread followed by the cool crunchy textures and gentle sweetness of the vegetables and the mildly flavored meats. I savored the rest of the sandwich bite by bite. What pleasure 3 dollars can bring.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2010,2/25/2010,59,237,2,4,4>Went here for their date night special on a Wednesday night and really enjoyed ourselves.  The atmosphere quite fancy / loungy.  Pretty dark with many different seating options (couch, tall tables, short tables, bar) and cool relaxed international music playing the background.  It wasn't really that busy, but I didn't expect much at 7pm on a random Wednesday.  The service was very friendly and was the prefect balance of being there when you needed them and leaving you alone for a romantic dinner.  We went with the Wednesday 4 course wine tasting menu, which is a stellar deal at $39 for a couple.  The only choice on the menu was the 3rd course where you were given the option of filet, NY strip, or mahi mahi.  We dined on a goat cheese/fruit salad, sauteed shrimp with brussel sprouts, filet with mushroom demi glaze and andouille sausage, and chocolate fondue.  Each course is split between us and included a half pour of wine per person (finely paired imho).  All the food and wine was super tasty and it was just the right amount of food for us to leave satisfied and not stuffed.  Although, I had to restrain my wife from licking the fondue pot clean of chocolate before the waiter took it.  Clearly we were fans and we are already planning a return trip.  Apparently, the 4 course menu changes weekly, so you can go and get something different each visit.
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2010,2/24/2010,163,364,1,5,3>Must have experience in Durham.Let's see:1. Best slaw of all time (if you like the sweet slaw long john's and KFC have, it's similar).2. Moist, etc succulent pulled pork3. Unending amounts of food (try family style).4. Just sweet enough sweet tea.Close enough to 15-501. Go here, soon.
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2010,2/23/2010,23,38,1,9,7>So, its Valentine's Day. My wife decided on Klara's for our V-Day night out. We got there, only to find that they were fully booked, and we didn't have a reservation. But, eager to have us, they made space for us at their cute little bar. Side note...the two gentlemen who were sitting next to us at the bar made space for us to sit, which we very much appreciated. Guys, if you read this, thanks very much.OK...the food is nothing short of spectacular. In NY, eastern european food is not difficult to come by, and lots of places do it well (I'm looking at you, Veselka!). But down here, its not so easy. But unlike in NY, where much of these places are (let's face it) toilets, Klara's takes a very upscale approach, which I think makes the food taste better. Its always nice when you don't have to share your table with the wildlife.I had the pork loin, which came with fantastic sauerkraut. My wife had the duck and red cabbage. Both were amazing. If I had to complain, it would be about the flour potato dumplings, which were the size of whole potatoes, and were dense like lead. I'm sure they were meant to be that way, but they weren't for me. That's OK though, because that left room for apple strudel that...well, I'm not sure what I tasted more: apples or butter. But holy crap was it good! My wife had the strawberry filled crepes...to die.If you're familiar with this kind of food, Klara's cannot possibly disappoint. If you aren't, perhaps now's the time. They deserve all the credit for risking a cuisine not normally found down here, and doing it brilliantly.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2010,2/21/2010,21,132,,13,4>After researching MANY daycare/boarding facilities in Cary, we really liked what we read and saw at Camp Canine.  Yes, the owner restricts this to a membership-only facility and yes, you have to have references or send a letter of intent to be considered. I actually liked this though.  They also interview you in-person first before they let you bring your dog to be evaluated for temperment.  I really like the staff, the facility is clean, and the dogs can play indoor and outdoor. It was really important to me to find a place that truly had an open outdoor area...not just a small outdoor patio meant for dogs to relieve themselves.  My dog has been coming here about once a week or every other week for daycare. He loves it. It may be a bit pricier than other places, but it's worth it. Daycare is $30/day and they have special programs that you can sign-up for...so now we pay only $25/day.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2010,2/20/2010,12,337,1,8,5>Went back for a late lunch after being out of town for 4-mo and my wife and I both got the BBQ chicken.  Sides were fantastic....as always....but the BBQ Chicken was the best I've EVER had....wow....I always thought Spring Creek BBQ in Dallas had the best BBQ chicken I'd had....but this from Backyard is amazing, and makes every other place seem second rate!  If you live within an hour of this place, drive and try it right away.  You can develop seriously addictive cravings for this stuff.....my wife thought I was nuts until she tried the chicken and she doesn't want to go anywhere else now!
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,2/19/2010,42,35,1,5,5>Park Vet is the only place in Durham to take your pet,  I had been taking my dog here since moving back to Durham almost four years ago.  When my dog got suddenly ill with Myasthesia Gravis this past November, they helped guide me to the right decision of putting him down. Dr Linch was kind and gentle and took the time to come to my house so that Jake could go quietly in the comfort of our living room.  It was the hardest day of my life, but with the love and support of our great Vet I was able to have the closure I needed.  I was very impressed when Park Vet sent a single rose the next day and a condolence card the following week.I continue to take my cat there and would never think to go anywhere else.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2010,2/18/2010,51,70,5,7,5>I went with some pals to the Carolina Brewery for Super Bowl Sunday and had the nachos the size of the table and a salad to justify that I was eating something healthy. Being how I don't even know what a football looks like, I was able to spend time taking in the atmosphere and stuffing my face (although I am a fan of the Super Bowl commercials). The Brewery is two levels - we sat upstairs - and they had a huge flat screen TV, as well as smaller ones around. The flat screen and the TV facing us were off sync on picture and sound, so that got a little annoying after awhile. Luckily, someone turned up our TV so we could drown out the big one. The nachos were good and had an interesting bean dip. My salad tasted healthy, so it all worked for me. I'm not a beer drinker (so why go to a brewery you ask?), but my friends seemed impressed with their selection and dug the $1.50 special.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,12/28/2013,57,204,2,4,3>We had a great time at Page Farms, it's fun for kids of all ages. They opened today for this years pumpkin season.From looking at old reviews, looks like they raised their price. We paid $10 per person, but it's still a great value. That gets you access to the corn maze, corn crib, hay ride, and a pumpkin of your choosing. I was impressed by the size of the pumpkins we picked, I thought they would be smaller at that price, but we found big ones. I enjoyed the corn crib most of all, it's like a sandbox but with dried corn kernels, made me feel like a kid again.It's also a plus that its very close to Brier Creek and not too far from Raleigh-Durham.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/1/2013,12/27/2013,36,84,5,1,2>Kids, don't go to a BBQ place and order a salad, that's just silly. EAT ALL OF THE HUSH PUPPIES, they are like deep fried croutons that completed my salad experience.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,12/26/2013,48,89,2,10,4>Hello my new best friend Videri Chocolate Factory! My parents were in town and I was desperate to find something to do with them. I am ashamed to admit I live just miles from downtown and had to read about Videri in Southern Living magazine, but the timing was excellent! I learned that I could take a tour and sample the chocolate for $5 per person and it automatically made the list of "things to keep parents busy". It's not much of a tour, just a walk around a room basically, but it's still super interesting to see the process. We got to try all the different chocolate bars that Videri makes and sells (loved Seasonal Blueberry and Dark Milk Chocolate). Also, I didn't pay anything for the tour, so not sure if this article contained outdated info or I just didn't stop in at a peak time.But let me say, this is NOT just a place to take visitors. Just stop in and grab a drink or a treat for yourself, OR a gift for someone special. Take someone out of state or outside the city a locally made chocolate bar as a gift! They also make several kinds of filled chocolates and you can purchase them by the piece. I sampled several of those as well. If that were not enough, they also have coffee and make specialty drinks. Videri is near the Pit and a few other restaurants and there is free parking in the Depot lot for anyone visiting the businesses in the Depot. Because you can never have enough chocolate, I ordered a frozen hot chocolate as it was still a hot summer day. What a perfect little treat in downtown Raleigh!
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,12/25/2013,61,116,2,6,5>You had me at "Hola Y'all."  When I saw this on the window I was immediately drawn in - Southern and Mexican cuisine, yeah I'm there!  Really cool atmosphere and friendly staff.  I loved the pairing of cornbread and ceviche (which, I might add was sooo tasty).  The snakebite was unlike anything I had had - I usually hate beer but this was a great mix of cinnamon tequilla and other deliciousness.  The collards were spicy but really complex.  Loved the charred casear salad.  All around party in my mouth - nice work Jose and Sons.  Hasta luego, y'all!
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,12/24/2013,38,83,,5,6>As a Johnston County resident and micro-brew aficionado, I must say how happy I am to have a microbrewery in my town! So happy that I made Deep River my 50th review!And although not all of their beers are perfect (yet), you can tell that this team is well on it's way to being one of the elite micros in our area.First off, the space is amazing. Out front, people were playing cornhole and other games, sitting around in what I'm pretty sure are lawn chairs they brought themselves (hello...how awesome is that...like going to hang at a friend's backyard cookout). There was a huge retractable door that was open, with an industrial fan letting the breeze in. It really reminded me of the atmosphere of Fullsteam, but much less crowded. The bar inside was long and beautiful, and all of the offerings were on the chalkboard menu. I LOVE the variety of beers they had on tap...there is truly something for everyone. While my husband and I were drinking our beers (we tried 4 of the 6 or 7 they had) the owner came to chat and ask us for our opinions. He said "don't hold back, I want honest feedback" and trust me, I didn't. (Do I ever?)The Black IPA was excellent, and I am not even a fan of overly hoppy IPAs. The stout I had was quite possibly one of the BEST beers I have EVER had, and that's saying a lot as stouts aren't even my favorite beers. It was deliciously chocolatey, almost like drinking an iced mocha in beer form. If you've read my other reviews, then you must realize how exciting this is for me.The only disappointment for both my husband and I was the casked IPA. I was expecting a fuller, richer flavor from the barrel, and I really didn't get any of that in the aroma, mouthfeel, or taste. I thought the Black IPA had more of the richness I was expecting from the barrel-aged IPA. No matter. I'm a local, I love good beer, and I LOVE a great atmosphere. I will certainly be back, and soon!
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,12/23/2013,62,275,9,18,12>Four and a half. Yum, y'all. The address says Raleigh but it's really more or less in Cary. Have been waiting patiently for them to open and dropped in tonight for take out. It was everything I was hoping it would be. Had the Steak Pho, (husband had the Brisket) and both versions of the fresh spring rolls. Flavorful complex broth, loads of noodles served piping hot with all fixin's. FRESH as can be sprouts and basil, little containers of the accompaniments (Sriracha, hoisin, dipping sauce for the rolls) all was excellent and literally ready 9 minutes after I ordered it.  Extremely fair prices for what you get. I have been longing for reliably good Pho since we moved here and this place has been worth the wait, Pho realz!
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,12/22/2013,294,288,1,9,4>You have to understand, donuts are like my kryptonite...I succumb to them without fail. When hearing of this new donut shop in the area, I had to go see about this place and test out the goods. Popping in on Baker's Dozen Donuts the past couple of weekends, I have not been disappointed. The shop has a good sized glass display case full of plain, glazed, covered, cake, every which way kind of donuts, crullers, fritters, etc. you can imagine. These all taste freshly made from the ones I have tried. Glazed donuts, chocolate covered donuts, cake donuts, and chocolate covered white creme filled donuts are among the goodies I have sampled and they were all great. I was particularly intrigued that when I ordered the creme filled one, they didn't actually place the creme inside the donut until I ordered it. Very fresh! The cake donut, man, it's great stuff. You can get some dried out or even oily ones out in other places but the ones here are perfectly moist and tasty. The shop itself is very modest in decor and appearance. Some tables with plastic chairs are there if you wish to grab a milk or other beverage they have in the cooler and enjoy your treat at their shop. Even a TV is going in case one of your games is playing and you can't miss a moment while enjoying your donut treats. Bottom line: On the basis of their cake donuts alone I could easily go 4.5 stars for Baker's Dozen Donuts. All the other donuts I've tried there are near par with Krispy Kreme like quality (and I do love me some Krispy Kreme). Modest table/chair setup in shop for enjoying in house if you choose. I am pretty much a fan, thumbs up!
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,12/21/2013,152,347,3,9,8>Don't go to this place if you are on a diet. That may have just been common sense, but in case you think you'll end up getting something healthy, you won't. The smell of the waffles and chicken will get you before you even enter the door, and there is usually a wait. Their chicken is good but not the best. Their waffles are good, but not the best. Their schmear is good, but I've had better. So why the 4 stars? Because it is a great place to come and enjoy this simple southern combination with friends. The waiters are also really nice and friendly, you really get that southern charm being here. I like to bring my northern friends here to experience the south. Beasley's in Raleigh just doesn't have the charm this place has. I recommend bone-in fried chicken with the sweet potato waffles. If you get the fried chicken breast, that's just not the real deal.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,12/11/2013,64,208,,10,3>The food at Cinco de Mayo is, in a word, outstanding.  We were truly blown away by each scrumptious dish that was delivered to our table.  The beef Chile Relleno was the best I've ever tasted... the pepper was grilled to perfection with delicious beef, sauce and loads of yummy cheese.  We tried a Taco Salad and the chicken was juicy with loads of flavor.  My husband had "Caldo de Res" which is a traditional beef soup with cabbage, corn on the cob, and onions - it was fantastic!  The beef enchilada, re-fried beans and rice were so tasty, we made yummy sounds with each delicious bite.As we dined, two specialties passed our table and the smell made our mouths water: La Pina Loca which is a half pineapple stuffed with steak, chicken, shrimp and chorizo and topped with cheese and the Cola de Langosta, a sizzling lobster tail with shrimp, onions, tomatoes & peppers. We will definitely be trying those on our next visit.We enjoyed tasty "fishbowl" margaritas that were served in big, fun glasses.  The staff were very nice and helpful.  The dining room is truly authentic and comfortable.As we enjoyed our wonderful lunch, all we could talk about was what we were ordering the next time we visit.  Excellent experience... highest recommendations!
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,12/10/2013,57,94,,5,2>La Tropicale Cafe and Catering is cleverly hidden in the basement of the monolithic gray concrete NC Mutual building by the train station in downtown Durham. Enter at the back of the building from West Chapel Hill Street, go down the stairs to the Concourse level, tell the security guard you are there for lunch and follow the La Tropicale signs into the cafe. The cafe **IS** open to the public. I could not figure out how to check in while I was there on the evening of 5/20/2013. Phone service was not that great - there is a lot of concrete in that building!Chef Jarvis has diversified his cooking talents into 1.) a great low key lunch time cafeteria option for employees at NC Mutual and the hungry public 2.) a catering business that can do onsite and off site functions, including executive functions and weddings, for up to 800 guests and 3.) The Pinnacle Culinary Arts Institute, which offers a variety of cooking classes for all ages and ServSafe certification courses.Pinnacle recently had a Living Social deal. I went with two friends to a Caribbean style cooking class. Chef Jarvis is originally from Antigua. His class exhibition style is very convivial and engaging. He showed our cozy group of eight students some of his favorites. We observed, participated and learned how to make citrus vinaigrette, the fresh green salad to go under the dressing, corn fritters, coconut chicken and since he had found plantains that were perfectly ripe that day, fried plantains. Chef translated everything that he was doing in his industrial kitchen into a home cook's kitchen, sharing tips and secrets (beer is the base for the coconut chicken batter.)When all of the food was complete, we feasted. Chef, his sous-chef, and his wife made us feel very welcome. Our class was a short class but ran almost two hours because he was so patient and meticulous with us. There is also a Thursday night class that includes wine pairings. Yes, that light bulb went off in my head when he said that as well...Their focus is on Spanish, French, Dutch and West Indian influences. The menu changes with daily specials ranging from Southern Fried Chicken to Oxtail and Black Beans to Curry Chicken and Goat to Island Jerk Chicken and Pork. Plus lots more. Prices are reasonable and there are vegetarian options. Jamaican sodas and Ting are available to accompany your lunch in addition to the usual choices. Next time I head to downtown Durham for lunch, instead of driving right on by into Five Points, my car is going to head to the NC Mutual Building. Chef is truly a well-kept secret and a local jewel. My friends and I really felt fortunate to have taken advantage of the Living Social deal. Chef Jarvis is awesome. Want more info?Www.jarviscatering.comWww.cookinginthetriangle…
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2010,10/17/2010,31,312,1,9,7>These people are awesome!  They evaluate the dogs and are great about advising potential owners as to the perfect pet.  I really respect the fact that they try to find the right fit and don't just try to get rid of dogs (I overheard a conversation between one of the APS staff and a woman looking for a dog for her grandson.  She wanted to get him one of the rambunctious puppies, but the staff member tried to steer her towards a calmer more child-friendly dog).  They really care about the animals and want to find them lasting homes.  Perhaps I am biased, as I adopted the center of my world from them.  But I think that attests to the great job they do.  So, if you are even considering a dog, stop by the APS of Durham Animal Shelter!!
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2010,10/16/2010,50,82,7,7,6>Well, I was going to take a swing at the overdressed night crowd on Glenwood Avenue, but Ron W. took care of that for me.  Kudos, pretty much nailed it.The bar is the perfect example of what the area should have more of, other than rooftop spots that serve drinks in plastic glasses.  Dimly lit room, pool tables, signs and other memorabilia on the walls that helps paint a timeline of its existence.  Natural Light neon signs, to fish nets on the ceiling and a elvis lamp - this is the shining example of proper bar decor.Friendly bartenders, $3 domestics everyday (yeah, $2 PBR is nice, but we all need a break every once in a while) and the best part - a juke box that won't put Taio Cruz on repeat.They don't serve food, but there's a rack of snacks, and if you're lucky, the occasional box of Krispy Kreme's on the bar.  Beer and donuts - I can work with thatNext time your friends want to drag you out to Glenwood South for a night of debauchery at 606 or Solas, ask them to do you the favor of stopping here first to pre-game.  Who knows, maybe you'll convert them.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2010,10/15/2010,42,93,3,8,5>Tropical Picken Chicken - Crazy name...oh-so-flavorful food! I went for a later 8pm dinner on a Sunday night and was somewhat disappointed (and impressed) that they were all out of the regular chicken and were down to just the jerk chicken, which I must have seemed iffy on getting. The gentleman helping us at the register offered us a sample of the sauce to see if we'd be able to handle the heat, which was great, because I couldn't! My boyfriend ended up ordering the jerk chicken with sides of fried plantains and macaroni and cheese and I went with the standard Cuban sandwich, not really expecting a large portion or to be full after my sandwich. When our food came out, I couldn't believe the size of my Cuban that was piled next to a mound of French fries. It was better than any I'd ever eaten before - they use pulled pork instead of pork tenderloin like most other places, which gave it a more interesting texture. The jerk chicken was also amazing! While the sauce by itself was pretty spicy, on the chicken it was a little more mild. I'd love to go back and try out their regular chicken because it was SO moist (yuck, I hate that word) and juicy! The plantains were nice and crispy on the outside with a fluffy potato-y texture on the inside and the macaroni and cheese tasted deliciously homemade. I would definitely go back and try out more items on the menu. The menu in the restaurant doesn't have all the items on it, though, so if you've heard of something being eaten here (i.e. the empanadas) and want to try it definitely ask!
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2010,10/14/2010,40,131,1,9,6>Balcazar Bakery has been in Raleigh for 10 years. They are owned and run by a family from Bogota, Colombia. Thankfully, they have some of the Colombian baked goods and snack foods I crave. Pan con queso, pan de bono, arepas, bunuelos, empanadas, morcilla, tamales and all sorts of pastries and cakes. These are foods that I can only find in Colombia or in US communities with enough Colombian immigrants to sustain such a business. I am very happily surprised to find this in Raleigh. I had just finished lunch at a nearby Salvadorian restaurant and thought I had saved room for dessert, but I had to make my purchase to go. I do not have a big sweet tooth so, I bought some pan de bono which is a chewy small donut shaped cheese bread. When it bakes it rises creating a hollow cavity. It's great with coffee. I should say, it is great with Colombian coffee or traditionally with hot chocolate. This pan de bono was very good even by itself. Planning ahead for a light dinner, I bought an arepa( a small white corn cake) and a piece of morcilla (blood sausage ). Even though I reheated these hours later, the arepa was still quite fresh. The morcilla was definitely a Colombian style morcilla. Yum ! Now I just have to get there early in the morning when things are coming out of the ovens. I got my fix.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2010,10/13/2010,188,100,5,6,6>To sing the song others have already sung on this page: Hi, I'm ChaCha, and I grew up in a place where the good pizza flowed like honey. Or something.ANYway, the bottom line is that since having moved here a whopping year and a half-or-so ago, this joint is the only place I've found that serves pizza that reminds me of home. Slices are nice and big, the crust thin and begging to be folded (because that's how real pizza is consumed - don't get it twisted, folks). You can actually get pizza by the slice here, and the sauce isn't some blah and watery stuff that went straight from the can to your pie. The decor, while kitschy, is effective -- newsflash, people: pizzerias back up north DO look like that! And not because they're *trying* to look like anything, but rather because old Italian dudes like hanging pictures from "The Godfather" and Yankees memorabilia. Fact.So, in summary: This is the only place that gets me my NY pizza fix when I need it. The name sort of makes me want to claw my eyes out, but hey, whaddaya gonna do, amirite?
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2010,10/12/2010,86,140,,7,6>I love the new location. Abundant indoor seating compared to the old location and a large patio area.Most importantly, the food is still fantastic. I had the Outrageous BLT and although they clumped the avocado in a mound instead of spreading the love, it was still awesome. My wife had the meatloaf sandwich. It was really fabulous, the carraway seeds give it a nice flavor. They had a beet, blue cheese and walnut salad too that was simple and tasty. Nothing to really get in the way of the ingredients.I'm glad they moved to a bigger location. I can't wait to see what they do for dinner. Yeah they're doing dinner at the new location. Hopefully you won't have to bus your table for the dinner service.Just so you know, they still have a nude lady art on the walls. Glad they didn't let all that Franklin Street exposure change em.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2010,10/11/2010,74,57,4,8,6>I'm trying to remember whether Tonya P. went to Homegrown with me or if she has a secret Yelp friend on the side...I was sad to move away from downtown Raleigh and all the great restaurants. But then I met Homegrown Pizza and I was so happy. Their pizza is awesome--hand-tossed crust, light marinara, and tasty toppings (I love the ground Italian sausage and caramelized onions the best). Last time we ordered take-out for a group of us, we split a pizza, Greek salad, and steak sub. I love sharing!I really dig the atmosphere, too (even though from the outside you'd never know there is a restaurant situated in such a generic office building). But step inside and Homegrown is a cozy neighborhood nugget of deliciousness. It reminds me of little joints in upstate New York--open and simple with a small bar up front. Seems like there's always a baseball or football game on one of the TVs. And there's a patio for dining outside on nice evenings. The wine selection is a bit limited. But they've recently added Murphy Goode to their wine list. They have several draft beers (including local brews by Holly Springs' Carolina Brewing Co.) and liquor. It's worth a little trip outside downtown. So Yelp me; we'll do Homegrown!
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2010,10/10/2010,89,190,11,9,9>"Echo Base. This is Rogue Two. I've found them! Repeat, I've found them!"That is right I've found them! I've taken my regulated snowspeeder up to the bristly harsh north of Raleigh and found the greatest NYC-like pizza and people! I'm no Jedi, but the Force is strong with this pizza pie. Its got the thin dough, the crispy crust, sweet light sauce, and gooey cheese like is ever so slightly greasy. Tony's is tucked away behind the Carmax off of Glenwood Ave right before you get to the 540 exit. Its in a relatively new shopping center surrounded by houses, so its actually quite nice I bet to go and enjoy a slice outside. I had classic NY pizza takeout on my way home from the gym, so I couldn't really enjoy the suburban NC pizza setup. However, people often confuse NC suburb pizza restaurants with not being authentic NY style pizza. I will promise you this, it is not Sabarro! And most NY restaurants are set up just like this one. Thus the simple atmosphere does not take anything away. It just makes it easier to enjoy such fantastic pizza. Did I mention the pizza only comes in 15" 17" and 19" pie sizes? And $14 will get you a plain 19"!Oh yes, "impressive. Most impressive."
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2010,10/9/2010,24,50,11,9,8>Duke University Hospital came highly recommended to me both by patients who have had serious surgeries and by multiple physicians from different networks.I had to have a fairly serious surgery so I got to spend some time both in the ICU and regular rooms.1. ICU nurses are amazing.  They managed to do some serious dirty work and keep me distracted from what they were actually doing.  They also searched the hospital high and low to indulge my temporary obsession with lime sherbet.2. ICU setup is nice.  Behind the bed along the wall it appears to be a NASA control center with all the various machines.  Since they are located behind you, it gives the appearance of being in a normal room.3. World-renowned doctors.4. Valet parking for $7.  When you arrive to check-in for some hard core surgery the last thing you want to worry about is parking!5. Excellent cafeteria food (they even have sushi).  My wife constantly brought me goodies from the cafe and even managed to concoct a version of chili cheese fries by visiting several stations (the doctors and visitors in line were envious and asked her how she did it).6. Professional and friendly nurses.7. Physical Therapy is ever present and very very good at doing what they do best (torturing patients into a full recovery).I only had one bad and several odd experiences. The first day in my regular room was very difficult transitioning from the IV medicines to oral medicines.  The medicine I was given did not help with the severe headache I had.  After paging for a nurse, we had to send another page after the nurse had not arrived 45 minutes later.  Overall this nurse said she would take care of it and get some more medicine then went off shift without returning.  I had to wait 2 hours until the next nurse came on shift and quickly hustled to get my medicines under control and back on schedule.I also indulged several medical students for about 45 minutes who wanted to practice on me (interviewing the patient, etc.).But the one that takes the cake is a very young doctor who routinely showed up every morning around 4:45 AM and asked if I was ready to go home today.  I swear I was not hallucinating and looking back I wonder if he even worked there.  It seriously looked like Doogie Howser was coming every morning to ask if I wanted to leave.  And of course, he (and the morning nurse) would tell me I was being discharged that day while everybody else said there were no notes of me being discharged.  Odd!All in all aside from some hiccups and one bad experience with a nurse I had a very positive experience.  A complex surgery went off better than expected and my recovery time was quicker than anticipated.  And the best part, they had a sense of humor!  My love obsession of lime sherbet is immortalized as my PCP was reviewing the hospital notes and looked up with a smile on her face saying "so you like lime sherbet huh?".
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2010,10/8/2010,262,1054,2,6,3>Love how well used this trail is (so you don't feel isolated if you run alone), but you can still find patches and quiet spots. It's really a run in the woods, with great shading from the hot sun. There's plenty of water fountains, benches to sit, even some exercise equipment on the side. A lovely little run with markers to note your distance and hills to keep you on your toes. Parking can get tricky on a Saturday morning,especially if there's a Duke football game that's tailgating, but never the less it works out. It's a little dusty and watch out for those sneaky little dips, but surprisingly with all the dogs I see on the trail, the owners are good about picking up after them. I think this will be my regular run.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,3/25/2013,139,130,2,9,3>I have been to this restaurant three times. Twice, with my parents. As native Shanghainese folks, they still approve of this place, which I think is pretty impressive of any Chinese restaurant. While it's easy to write this place off because of its name, the restaurant itself actually closely to authentic Chinese tastes. Most recently, I came here with five friends and we ordered: (trust me, read through the end)1) Seafood soup - 5 stars: delicious. I loved the peppery flavor and succulent pieces of shrimp and scallops in the soup. :)2) Hunan lamb - 4 stars: The lamb flavor was a bit lost because some of the meat pieces were cut too small but otherwise, the flavor was decent.3) Szechuan string bean - 3 stars: Pretty standard dish, not really spicy though there was a chili pepper on the menu.4) Hawaiian Szechuan Delight - 3 stars: I had higher expectations for something unique with a name like Hawaiian Szechuan Delight but this dish was pretty much the standard stirfry with brown sauce. It was a decent size though. 5) Sauteed Yo Choy - 2 stars: We had wanted the steamed broccoli with oyster sauce but the restaurant ran out and offered this instead. I prefer my vegetables not to be shiny with oil so this was not my favorite.6) Shrimp stuffed tofu hotpot - 5 STARS TIMES INFINITY: Freaking delicious. I ordered this dish the first time I came here three and a half years ago but had forgotten the name. Not looking for this dish, we are so lucky to have ordered this dish again tonight on a whim. When it came steaming hot with huge chunks of fried tofu over a brown sauce with sauteed cabbage, I knew it was the dish that had impressed my parents and me so long ago. Each tofu piece is fried with a delicious crispy exterior that encases a delicious soft tofu inside. I still don't know how they manage to keep the tofu from falling to pieces. Eight pieces of deliciousness. :) See the photos, and be prepared to drool.Finally, at less than 14 dollars a person (including tip!), this meal was a great deal. Definitely check this restaurant out, and order that hotpot!
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,3/24/2013,22,106,1,6,3>I had booked an appointment a few months back, and then chickened out and cancelled it 2 days before I was supposed to go.  I wanted my hair gone, but the thought of someone covering you in wax and then ripping it all out is, well, scary.  I wasn't nervous about the pain or anything specific, I was just nervous.  But, I finally resolved to make another appointment and stuck with it.  I was very happy and Molly made getting all of your hair ripped out of your body about as pleasant of an experience as possible.  So many wonderful things about this place...1.  Online appointment booking (And very easy to use)2.  Tiny little place with one room for waxing, so the whole time is all about your appointment3.  Molly is charming, funny, nice, very chill4.  Very close to my house!!5.  Pricing comparable with other places in the areaYay Molly!
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,3/23/2013,290,175,6,13,12>My experience was slightly strange, but just thinking about their food makes me feel all warm and fuzzing inside, so I have to give them a full-fledged 5 star. I'll get to the "weirdness" in a bit, because I think it speaks a lot to their establishment, but first...Fried green tomatoes - you all know. I'm the expert. THE EXPERT (even though I suck at making them 85% of the time). My taste buds were delighted by these little happy tomaters - crispy, flavorful. Pretty darn goodNow that we got that out of the way, I have to rave about the black bean cakes. Which, I normally would not get, but I think after a few glasses of wine (which were good recommendations from the staff) I was feeling REALLY guilty and opted for something on the lighter side. In my mind I was thinking "HOLY BORING STACY" but when I took a bite of that lil cake... BOOM. I'm a convert. These things could seriously convert me into a vegetarian. Thankfully, I don't have access to them on a daily basis, so don't worry. The black bean cakes are VERY good. Tomatoes, black bean cakes, wine and very attentive service. Perfect combo.I would love to say something about the ambiance, but I don't recall much except the bathroom, which was quite large and clean. That's good too right? And, any group that I'm with is always the loudest, so that's never really been my problem! But it was a cozy place to eat and I enjoyed the service as much as I did the food.Now, I have to say something about the story that goes along with our dining experience. Which, I've let go, but I think the above and beyondness of the manager speaks volumes to their business operations.  So, after stuff our faces, we left. The next morning, I realized "hey, where the hell is my purse?" I knew it was 1 of 2 places, my friend's place or the restaurant. I quickly determined it was the restaurant and called - they didn't find my purse. My friend called - they didn't have my purse and a third phone call confirmed that they didn't have my purse. BOO and HISS. So I cancelled everything, kissed my coach wallet goodbye and waited a week for new cards. Until, the following Monday I get an email from the manager - they had my purse ( o . O ) Would have been helpful before I cancelled everything right? Well, they found it, and he drove it out to my house and was so sincere with the mishap that I just couldn't be pissed - normally I would be really pissed. They could have thrown it in the trash, forgotten about the whole thing, but they admitted a slip up and gave me back my stuff. THAT is a rare thing in this world, and part of the reason why I will be happy to go back to Lucky 32 and enjoy their food once again.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,3/22/2013,56,201,2,5,2>Terrific!  That sums up our experience last evening at Thai Palace, from start to finish.I'd been looking forward to sampling those oh-so-raved about curry puff appetizers, but as we were greeted at the door my eyes fell upon the 'specials' board - featuring only an appetizer of fresh rolls with basil - so we went with them.  Wonderful!  Crisp, crunchy greens inside, along with a large morsel of shrimp and another of pork, wrapped expertly in a fresh wrapper... dee-lish!  Oh, and the peanut sauce was spot-on... neither runny nor cloying.  A perfect complement to the rolls.Now I'm a sucker for a good garlic sauce - and the Pad Bi Gra Prow did not disappoint!  The basil was FRESH - I had mine with pork, and the flavors and textures worked wonderfully with each other.  My wife ordered the Panang Curry with chicken - we're both suckers for curry and coconut milk.  :)  Again, it was delicious!  The extra veggies she ordered were just barely  al dente, and so they gave a pleasant texture contrast to the chicken.We ordered a sticky rice custard for dessert, and were treated to an additional pudding on the house - they were each sweet but not overwhelmingly so - the perfect capstone to our meal!The service was impeccable.Don't let the location (hidden in an old strip mall) or the decor (70's Thai chic) fool you... this place is IT!  Can't wait to go back!
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,3/21/2013,25,70,,4,5>This is my favorite brewery in the Triangle .  Not only does their location and brewery have a great vintage style, but  they have a wonderful assortment of beers on hand focusing on a range of local ingredients.  I randomly found myself in downtown Durham following the girlfriend to an awesome food truck.  After, we discovered we were right next to Fullsteam and didn't miss a beat.  Inside, Fullsteam had  a collection of vendors selling their various wares to patrons wandering around.  In the next room was the bar and we quickly found a spot and started ordering.  It was one of those occasions when you think you'll just have one beer, so you don't open a tab.  Then after the first drink, you want to try the next one since the last was so damn good, the music is warping time and it's turning into an unforgettable moment.  Before you know it, you've tried everything on the chalkboard and have 8 separate receipts to show for it.  The bartenders seem to take pride in how irresistible their beers are.  We were fortunate to stay long enough to listen to a couple customers ordering a very secret batch of Fruitcake beer.  We found out they only serve it on a limited basis and we quickly got our 8 ounce fix.  It had quite a punch due to its high gravity, but was delicious.  I can't pick a favorite of all their main staples, but you cannot go wrong with anything Fullsteam creates.  Next visit,  I will definitely like to try their snack menu to the left of the bar and pick up one of their pint glasses for the house.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,3/20/2013,13,101,,7,5>I took an aerial silks workshop ($30) with Liz at Cirque de Vol only a few short hours ago. It lasted an hour and a half. Like most of the world, I have never tried aerial silks before, but since I've been going to the gym regularly for a couple months and feel moderately fit, I decided to try something new. The workshops, offered occasionally, are a way to try a certain activity without having to commit to the class series quite yet, and this was perfect for me.Cirque de Vol has a LARGE range of unique fitness classes that you won't normally get a chance to try at a traditional gym--hooping classes, poi, aerial yoga, trapeze, to name just a few. I chose silks because I'm a huge fan of another Cirque, Cirque du Soleil. If I thought I was amazed by them before, I am now at least twice as amazed. Circus arts, including this one, take a HUGE amount of core and upper body strength. The class was tough, and I got a little airsick on the inversions we did (although I was pleased to have the core strength to even get to the nauseating point to begin with), so I don't think I will be signing up for this particular series, but I was really pleased with how much we learned, how it was taught (Liz was an extremely clear and understanding instructor), and what a workout I received for my money. I will definitely be back to try something else. If you are one of those for whom the treadmill just isn't cutting it, I'd recommend a perusal of Cirque de Vol's course schedule!
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2012,3/19/2013,223,633,,13,2>I admit I had high expectations based on reviews here on Yelp, plus recommendations from folks we've met here and there.    Everyone is so right.  This ;place is awesome!  It's warm and comfortable.  Service was friendly and just right.  But the food is seriously as great as everyone has said.  I can't believe I'm the first to post pics, but it is so tempting to just dive in when the beautiful plates arrive.  Please know that the pics are nowhere worthy of the food itself. ( camera phone, but I tried....quickly, in order to get eating!)   We sat down and were brought menus and tiny adorable glasses of Prosecco.  What a wonderful way to welcome guests who had just driven from Raleigh on a Friday night!  Sister and I started with a glass of chardonnay, Husband went with a Manhattan and Bro in Law got a beer.  Menus were for the day only.  Fresh.  Right side has menu items, left side tells you what local areas the ingredients are from.  There are three courses.  Order all three.  You will be glad.    Husband and Bro ordered the gnocchi appetizer with duck egg, shiitakes, etc.  I ordered a "summer salad" with watermelon radishes, incredible bacon, cornbread croutons, deviled egg, with a jalapeno cream dressing.  Sis went with a pork carpaccio  (roasted though) with goat cheese.  Oh my gosh, seriously the best salad I've ever had.  The balance of flavors and textures were absolutely phenomenal...guys were ver happy with the gnocchi.  One described it as "deconstructed breakfast".  I tasted it and it was very good, but I was in salad heaven.  It was spicy which I loved!  Sis was happy with her pork.  I tasted it but it was not my thing because i don't care for goat anything.  Again, back to my salad heaven.   Second course....two of us ordered the Spaghetti Nero with lump crabmeat, bread crumbs, arugula...two others ordered the bolognese and asiago ravioli with carrots and a rich sauce.  I tasted it and it was amazing, but my spaghetti nero was so freaking incredible that I stayed happy with it.  It was rich though, and I wasn't about to miss dessert, so I saved a few bites to take home to make room for....oh my!     Let me just say I am not a dessert person.  Most of the time I could care less.  Here there were only two options.  Husband and I were smart enough to each order one.  The chocolate one and the apple one with ice cream.  Sis and I also got an amaretto as well.  Both desserts were excellent, but the chocolate one...well let me say, just get it.  You're welcome.  It's like a soft pudding, with cookie type chunks.  It's simple, rustic, yet so darn good.  The other dessert was very good as well...a flavorful apple holiday-type cake with nice ice cream.     For the quality, prices are reasonable. First course is in the $10-$12 range...second around $23...third was $7 each.  Drinks were reasonably around $8.  Amaretto was just five. Having been to recent expensive places in Raleigh that were no where near this quality or taste, well...I am happy to pay for the expertise of this incredibly talented chef and staff.  (off to look for real estate in Hillsborough...)
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,3/18/2013,295,331,,9,8>I have always loved old cemeteries.  It's humbling, to be reminded of one's mortality, and to walk among the graves marking the final resting places of some of the area's greatest public figures, and many of their unsung heroes.  CBS Evening News anchor Charles Kuralt is buried here, as is UNC alum and bandleader Kay Kyser, playwright Paul Green, who collaborated with Robert Wright on the stage version of Native Son, university president Robert Burton House, and UNC system president and local legend William C. Friday was laid to rest here earlier this Fall.The husband and I went on the "Voices from the Grave" haunted cemetery tour led by the Preservation Society of Chapel Hill, written by John Paul Middlesworth and Ernest Dollar, and featuring players from Deep Dish Theater.  During the tour, just days before Halloween, we "met" several notable Chapel Hillians, among whom  William Meade Prince, head of UNC's art department during World War II, who produced posters and illustrations in aid of the war effort, and Inez Koonce Stacey, a female UNC student who lobbied for a separate women's dormitory---despite severe opposition from her male contemporaries---to allow for the integration of the sexes, and Dr. Edwin Caldwell---whose grandfather, November "Doctor" Caldwell, was a slave of Joseph Caldwell, the first President of the University---discovered that Pellagra ("Asturian leprosy") was the result of a severe niacin deficiency, and treated white folks for it; white folks so ashamed to be treated by a black physician, that they made appointments with him only in the dark of night.Old Chapel Hill Cemetery offers a respite from the busyness of campus and Franklin Street.  With its gazebo and benches, it's a wonderful place to be alone with one's thoughts.  The Preservation Society and the Town of Chapel Hill maintain the cemetery and keep it in excellent condition.  It's beautiful; you should visit.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,3/17/2013,185,276,4,11,3>Toga toga toga!What a fabulous little place. A gem hidden downtown Hillsborough. I can't say enough good things about this place. Strangely, cousins on my mom's side and dad's side of the family raved to me about this place last year. So we finally took a lil trip over there. As we walked to the door, two women came outside RAVING about how amazing the food was.... very good sign. I don't remember the last time I walked into a restaurant and a person literally stopped me to give me a live review!It's very cozy inside...you'll feel like your at your Grandma's house with the wooden tables and plastic table cloths. It's not really fancy or anything but the food is REAL good. So hold your horses.Our waiter was super chill & just the right amount of friendly and attentiveness. He was very professional and helpful with the menu. He even catered to my husband's special request for random toppings that weren't listed for his burger. Even dealt with my husband's ordering awkwardness, which is a star by itself.I had the Mediterranean linguini with shrimp. :::: Pause for dramatic effect::::BEST shrimp I've ever had. It was SOOO juicy and flavorful. I mean, it's like that shrimp just swam there from the beach and they threw him in a pot with spices and juices from heaven. The pasta was incredibly tasty alone! Feta cheese, tomatoes, artichokes, mushrooms.... Drool.I will be a snob and say I couldn't give a full star because of the scones. I am a baker, maybe not a paid one, but I bake scones (and many kinds). The scones they served with bread were very hard (at least when we went) and crumbled and went all over the table. They tasted ok. I could do without scones before dinner but this seems to be a staple here, maybe it was just an off night for them. This place is definitely worth driving to. The entrees range from $10-$18ish.. But burger & beer night on Tuesday, was $8.50. Good deal. I'd try the seafood though if you make a special trip. Apparently the honey almond salmon is pure bliss.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,3/16/2013,30,57,4,10,7>A better scare than you'll get at any movie for just about the same price.  They even take card.This place has an excellent location.  Set on the outskirts of town, you have to drive through several miles of unlit road before even getting here.  If you're paranoid in general, you're alarms are already starting to whirl before you even get out of the car.  There were several attractions, including a zombie shootout, where you get to shoot paint balls at "zombie" workers, a haunted bus, and a "leap of death" (climb up a ladder, jump to a rope).  At the center is a big bonfire and a loudspeaker blaring poppy tunes.  I might have taken more issue with this, but when Leslie and I walked past and did 10 seconds of Gangnam style, the DJ rewarded our efforts with the full song.The main attraction is a half mile walk through the woods on a dimly lit path, full of well costumed, well trained actor ghouls and ghosts ready to play on your mounting fear as you get farther and farther away from the comforting light of the fire and boom of the bass.   After a few minutes of walking, you can't see anything but the pools of light lit by the small ground lighting every 30ft or so, or hear anything but the frightened screams of groups in front and behind you.The workers do a great job of hiding and playing on your senses to really shock you sometimes.  In several of the installations throughout the woods, you can't help but tense up at the pitch black nooks and corners you're sure something is going to jump out at you from.  The best part, is when they don't and they appear from somewhere else and really get a yell out of you.Even if you aren't into the scary attractions, stuff like this can be fun just to see some great productions and effort.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,9/19/2013,163,368,1,6,3>I have had my eye on this place since I knew we were moving to Cary. Once we were here, it was all I could do to get myself out within a week. My newborn in tow, I headed over to pick up some fresh baked deliciousness.I didn't actually order from the cafe menu - that will have to be another visit - but I did look at it and it sounded delicious. My heart (and tastebuds) were focused on the fresh baked goodies on display at the entrance. I really had to restrain myself from getting one of everything, but ended up with a decent assortment. I picked up a fresh rustic baguette, a bunch of scones, and some chocolate croissants. I was picking at one of the scones just before dinner time and wouldn't you know it, the whole thing was gone within a matter of seconds. It was so. good. The baguette was the perfect crusty french bread. And the other goodies? Ugh, my mouth is watering just thinking about them!Definitely going to be on a list of places that I will be frequenting at least on a weekly basis. The customer service was also great. The woman who helped me was very friendly and answered all of my questions about the products and how the checkout process works (there are two checkout areas... one for the cafe and one from the fresh baked goodies).
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,9/18/2013,79,87,,6,4>Let me start off by saying I do not have AAA but I do have roadside assistance from my phone carrier. Since I've had to tow my car three times this year already (I know, my car karma must be incredibly in the negative) I had to pay out of pocket for East Coast. For that reason, I expect good service. East Coast Towing, however, is GREAT. Since I asked them to pick it up from the dealership while I was working from home, I wasn't concerned with how long it took them (I would be much more concerned with timing if I were stranded in cold or hot weather). They quoted me 55 minutes and the truck bed was at my home dropping my beautiful-yet-internally-devastated baby off about 15 minutes past schedule. It was around $70 for them to pick it up from the dealership and drive 2.7 miles to my house. Expensive? Seems so... maybe they upcharge due to interfacing with the dealership, but I was working so I really didn't have time to shop around. $70 was right at the far edge of acceptable to me.They called me once they were on their way and a second time when they were outside. The driver had to back a huge truck bed into a narrow driveway in downtown Raleigh in the middle of mid-day traffic -- and did it flawlessly. He was also kind and considerate with my car, which is all I can really ask. Next time I may shop around for a bargain, but East Coast could be worth the price knowing the good service I'll be receiving.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,9/17/2013,83,162,1,7,4>YAY - we have a taqueria near us that rivals La Vaquita!!!  It's much closer to our house and has been here all along.  My partner had a serious taco craving and we needed to be nearby to visit a friend.   So, Yelp came through and we decided to check this place out.  I did call first to make sure they served beer- which they do, but not a full bar.   When we got there, we saw that you order up front and then wait for your number to be called and seat yourselves.  Yes- they call out numbers in spanish, but who doesn't know how to count to ten: uno, dos, tres....  So, we placed orders- 2 pastor tacos for him, 1 pollo quesadilla and 1 lengua taco for me.   The girl at the counter told us that we'd get chips with that- which was a nice touch.   I asked if there were any sides- and she said they have rice and beans so we got an order of that as well.  I just had water (should have had horchata), but my husband got the coke in the glass bottle. While we waited, I checked out the much touted salsa bar.  Yep- it's awesome.   And no, they don't have little cups or anything.  Just take your plate over and load 'er up.  I got some delish crunchy slaw and jalepeno guaca-salsa for my lengua.  And a roasted whole jalepeno to go with the 'dilla.  Also, selected some chopped onion and  cilantro. All the food was great- here are highlights.... Lengua- was tender and flavorful!  I did have one piece that was pretty fatty, but that's pretty typical w/ tongue.   I usually order this one at any taqueria to guage how much I'll like the rest of their food.  Passed with flying colors. Pork was w funny red color, but tasted delicious. Chicken- I'd pass on this w/ quesadilla again- and will try shrooms instead, but I liked the quesadilla- large corn tortilla instead of flour.  Also, it had the lettuce and sour cream that another reiewer wanted on her tacos.  So, if you are looking for that tex mex thing, it might be right up your alley. Rice and beans- Yum!  dipped the very thick homemade chips in both and then topped w/ salsa, you can make your own very scrumptious nachos. Coke-  Full liter and real sugar- hecho en mexico- Yum.  Only soda I drink anymore.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,9/16/2013,19,23,,13,5>After 2 years of miserably failed cuts that left me with no other option but to hide my haircut by pinning my hair up in a schoolteacher bun every day, I finally have my hair back!I wear my hair completely natural - no styling products, no hairdrying, no flat or curling iron - so it's vital that I get a great cut that will style itself. Now, my hair is not the easiest to cut; not only is it about 40% gray (which makes hair far more coarse and wiry), it's also wavy/curly and thicker on top than at the ends. Yelp LOVES this place, and I have to say it was a really beautiful space where I was welcomed and handed a PBR - doesn't get much better than this! Meghann more than delivered. She asked all the right questions: Do I straighten occasionally, which way to I want my hair to fall, how do I want it to frame my face, how long should the layers be, etc. etc. We chatted on and off, with comfortable silences in between, until - voila! - the finished product emerged. We carefully reviewed the different layers and textures and lengths, and after consulting she tweaked a bit here and there. The end result?  It was beautiful!I've lived with the cut almost a month now, and I'm still elated. It falls perfectly, my curls just sproing up on their own with almost no scrunching, and it frames my face perfectly. I can already tell it's going to grow out beautifully. Meghann, if you're reading this, thank you a hundred times over! I love that I can wear my hair down now and it looks so great all on its own! You are a lifesaver and an artist! Moral of the story: Curly/Wavy girls - if you want someone who really knows curls and listens  - Meghann is the stylist for you!
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,9/15/2013,152,347,2,8,4>This place has become my favourite Greek restaurant in the triangle - not that there are many specifically Greek restaurants around, but this is probably the best Greek restaurant I have had on the east coast. The first time I came here, it was around 2PM on Saturday. Hoping for a delicious lunch, my friend and I were disappointed to find that they didn't serve food at the time. However their bakery and coffee "shop" was open. We got some baked goods and left.I got a walnut baklava, a kourabiedes, a blueberry muffin and a chocolate chip cookie for me and my boyfriend. The baklava and the kourabiedes was one of the best I've had in ..EVER. The portion size is huge, almost 2-3 times the average piece from neomonde/med deli. The walnut filling in the baklava is plentiful. Although it had a good amount of wetness, it was not deadly sweet like the other baklavas. The kourabiedes was flaky and delicious. The perfect shortbread cooking for the nut lovers. The pieces of almond was generous in every bite. My boyfriend said that the blueberry muffin had a lot of blueberries in it (good sign), but the chocolate chip cookie was fine (average sign). Since my venture did not succeed on Saturday, I decided to go today (Sunday) again for dinner with my boyfriend. I came here for the Taramosalata, which is a whipping salmon roe dip. I had been looking for it for a year, and FINALLY it has arrived in the triangle. We got the Taramosalata, Skordalia, Melitzanosalata, and stuffed squid for appetizer. All were delicious. The taramosalata was dangerously smooth, with just the right amount of lemon and punch. The skoradalia was more heavy on the potato side than garlic, but delicious nonetheless. The melitzanosalata's texture was more like a finely chopped eggplant salad, with a slight sweetness. It's a must try, esp if you like baba ganouj. For our main entree, he got the lamb chops and I got the fisherman's stew. The lamb chops were grilled to medium rare and seasoned perfectly with herbs. It also had the right amount of char, which I enjoy. It came with potatoes and eggplant. My bf downed the whole thing, and said it was very good. He normally doesn't like lamb. The seafood in the fisherman's stew was timed perfectly in terms of cooking. The scallops were still soft, and the shrimp was still "crisp". The salt was a little heavy on the stew though and I had a bite with sand in it. So, this is something to note for the chefs there! The ambiance is very chic with bits of modern greek decorations around. Our waitress was very nice. The wait staff also works together, so we had different people arriving with our food, or refilling the water. We never felt neglected, or needed to ask for anything. The owner came around a few times, almost everytime he came bearing gifts. Once, he came with a huge jug of marinaded olives. I normally don't like olives, but his olives were actually pretty good. They marinade them in house. The second time he came with an octopus appetizer, that was delicious. Great seasoning and texture. When we went to the bakery counter to get some stuff to go, he gave us some free multigrain bread. I don't know any restaurant where the owner is that generous. It really makes you feel like home and want to come back.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,9/14/2013,198,565,4,14,12>With over 60 micro breweries and nano breweries and brew pubs in North Carolina, 20 of them in Triangle area alone, what's to distinguish Deep River from any others? For starter, this one is dubbed "the first (legal) operation to manufacture alcohol in Johnston county."Armed with that knowledge, I expected this operation run out of a double-wide with lots of lawn decorations out front, moonshine and bootleg stills stacked somewhere in the corners. (OH you know I was just kidding!)This husband & wife operation, plus a few local helping hands, based in a rather huge warehouse space. Everything is brand new. The taproom is spacious enough for any busy Friday nights, and looks like they have room for even more.The beer list is simple, for now, a few regulars like the Wit and Rye Ale, and with rotating seasonal offering like a Stout brewed with cacao nips and a rather hoppy Black IPA.So, look forward to Deep River. Like Eric Clapton once sang:"The river runs deep,The beer is cold as ice."P.S. Look out for food truck nights at the brewery. There is one Mac & Cheese truck that is simply A-MAZ-ING!
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,9/13/2013,67,201,2,5,4>After losing quite a bit of weight, I wanted to reward myself with a proper pair of jeans that fit 'just right.'Walking in on a snowy Saturday, I had the place to myself. The lady working that day was quite nice. I told her I thought I was looking for a pair of 34" waist or so jeans and she handed me two pairs.To my dismay, I was unable to button them up completely. Upon telling the floor salesperson this, she remarked that I should give them a few minutes. Apparently the pants are liable to stretch out as much as an half to full inch. And that they did.Upon seeing they fit in the waist, I was worried about them needing hemmed. The pants are made to have a 35" inseam and I'm normally a 34"er. Having a straight leg, the 35'ers were just fine. But it was nice to have the professional opinion. If i need to have them adjusted later, apparently that's no problem on premises.My wife was suitably impressed when I modeled the jeans. While the price is steep, having a locally made product, by hand mind you, sort of makes up for it. And it was my birthday, so I was in the mood to spoil myself.Having the pants numbered and signed by the owners is kinda cool too. And now I'm wearing a bit of Raleigh :)
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,9/12/2013,294,288,1,9,5>A new place within a stone's throw of my home? Yeah, I had to go check this one out. Another culinary addition to Morrisville's Grace Park complex, it adds to the variety of food options available in the area. It's a unique mix, Italian and seafood in format. I love Italian food so I was looking forward to trying these guys out. Entering, they have done great things with the interior, see my pics I managed to get on my visit. Great use of old window shutters for an effect over the bar, and blend of different wood pieces along the far wall, love the effect to make it special but trendy all in one. I started off with some fresh bread they provided, and a glass of prosecco. The bread was wonderfully light and fresh in taste (not hard and crunchy, I just am not a fan of that texture of bread). I found that the crust could have some wonderful treats like sliced green olives, or there is the rosemary walnut variety to enjoy as well. I liked the bread very much, even more so with the pesto/roasted pepper puree with oil they provided with it. My appetizer was a special, chicken rouland with spinach, celery, carrots and mozzarella in cream sauce. The first piece of three really didn't bring all the flavors together but the second and third did, these had more of the cream sauce on it and brought it all together well. The soup I ordered with it was an edamame cream soup in a beef broth and cream. I liked this item as cream soups are my favorites. I wish I had more of the beef flavor coming through the soup but it was a great starter and I enjoyed it. For the main part of my meal, I ordered the ravioli with veal and spinach in cream sauce. This entree was wonderful. The cream sauce was more than just a dull cream, it had flavor and worked well with the contents of the ravioli. I enjoyed my meal, definitely the highlight of the whole visit. It is not the cheapest place for eats but definitely worth what you pay. It wouldn't be one you just go for a random meal but for a very nice sit down meal experience. The entrees are mostly $20+ but the pasta selections, pizzas, etc. are lower in price if you opt not to go for a big entree evening. Also to add, service was good and attentive all during my visit, a good experience all around.Bottom line: Very nice meal experience. It may be a bit out of my regular visit price range but definitely worth what you pay. Good service and good food, a good find.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,9/11/2013,38,83,1,4,7>Picked up dessert on the way home last night...Chocolate cake with Kahlua and Heath. /deadBest cake I've ever had. Ever. Period.Still a solid 5...can't wait to finish it tonight. It made 4 servings, totally worth $9
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,9/10/2013,295,331,,5,1>Teer House, located near Durham Regional, offers a wide variety of health and wellness classes, from baby care for new parents to speech and communication for those living with Parkinson's Disease.  My husband and I visited Teer House twice in the last week, once for a breastfeeding class, and once for a class on baby care, both of which could be used as an intro for noobs (this totally describes us, haha!), or as a refresher for been there, done that parents.Teer House is a great big white house off of S. Roxboro Road.  It's on the opposite side of the street and a ways down from Durham Regional.  It has a big circular drive with very few parking spaces.  If a space is not available, you can park in the circular drive in front of the house.  The big set of steps mark the main entrance.  Typically there is someone sitting just inside the main entrance to mark your name off and direct you to the appropriate location.  Both of our classes were downstairs, but there are several spots in Teer House for folks to meet.  There are plenty of toilets and they're really good about telling you where they are (not gonna front: this is VERY important info for preggy ladies).  There's a Coke machine upstairs, and a few water coolers around.Both classes we took were excellent.  It's funny that we took two classes in four hours total (two hours apiece), but the two classes we took on labor and childbirth preparation were for a total of twenty hours (the first was a six-week series with two-hour classes, the second was two four-hour classes).  And now I know it's because every parent and child is different.  So much of tending to your child's needs is completely arbitrary, but you'll figure it out eventually! It means a lot to have such experienced, friendly, and professional support from Duke.  I feel like I have access to a fantastic network of nurses, physicians, and lactation consultants who will be able to help me out whenever I need it.  It really is a great program.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,3/23/2012,125,100,5,8,5>Seriously.  If my stomach ruled my decision-making at all times (fused with its current Siamese twin, ye ol' near-empty wallet), I might honestly move to Raleigh just to be nearer to this place.Does Los Cuates do Mexican on a fancy level akin to, say, a place in Durham like Mez?  No.  But, then again, all four of us ate ourself to the 'gorged' status at Los Cuates for about $21.00 total, whereas I may have had to second-mortgage our home in Ohio to do so at Mez.  Okay, okay - there's this thing called exaggeration, but still, Mez is far pricier.  I also feel 100% more comfortable eating here, surrounded by people candidly speaking Spanish in a rough-hewn, nothing-visually-snazzy environment, than I am any day in a place where most purses cost more than my life.  On to the food: we got one of our girls the cheese quesadilla, expecting something of modest stature (as tends to be the norm) - however, for $2.95, this thing dwarfed the head of our 1.5-year-old.  Our oldest got their chicken quesadilla - again, massive.  She finished 1/3 of it, and we definitely had major leftovers even after Mom & Dad had vultured the plate for a while.  I had the Carnitas burrito, stuffed to overflowing with tasty steak & guac.  My beloved had some chicken dish, which she loved.   LOTS of non-speaking, 'Oh, yeahhhhhh... this is awesome' facial expressions going back and forth between the two of us as we chewed.  The deeply affectionate, full-tummy, 'good Lord, that was good' afterglow from Los Cuates lingers two weeks afterward, and we're stoked to return.The basic run-down?1) Comfy, laid-back, and super-casual.2) Friendly service.3) SUPER-affordable, and crazy-delicious.4) Dinosaur portions - prepare yourself for take-home.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,3/22/2012,70,246,,12,9>First off, they should probably change the name of this restaurant.  Sorry, but "GrEAT" is not a great name.  It makes it impossible to Google the place for an address or review, and any passersby are going to see "GrEAT" on the building and not know if it's a pet shop or a kitchen supply store.My first experience with Mongolian BBQ was way back in Appleton, WI, at a place called "Mongo's".  Are all Mongolian restaurants named so poorly?  It was a fabulous place.  It had the most amazing decor, with small tables on the floor and little cushions to sit on, and beautiful lighting and hanging tapestries.  The food was great too, with a nice selection of veggies and meat, and they had a bunch of different sauces and oils you could mix and match with.  Mongo's is long gone, but it's still my standard when encountering Mongolian restaurants.We've tried two other Mongolian restaurants in the area, Crazy Fire down by Crossroads, and Bali Hai in Durham.  Both were pretty disappointing, and I wouldn't return to either.  So I was expecting GrEAT to be as dirty and messy as the others.  But GrEAT really surprised me.We came to eat on a Saturday noon, the day Irene was raining down on the area.  The place was empty, most likely because of the rain.  The entire time only 2 other couples came and went.  We were seated immediately and instructed on how to use the food bar.  You just fill the little bowl up with protein (meat or tofu) and the bigger bowl with veggies.  Then you grab your sauce and spicy sticks to indicate the flavor to use, and take your bowls up to the grill.  You get a number, choose your rice (steamed or fried) and then wait for your food to get done at the table.  Our son chose to stay by the grill and watch, since he really liked watching them make the food.The food all looked really good and fresh, though there were some questionable selections there.  Ham?  Really?  But I tried my best to make a good combo.  I usually like broccoli, carrots and onions in my stir-fries, and I tried both the chicken and the beef (separately). The meat and veggies all turned out pretty good, but the sauce was the main issue for me.  I tried the teriyaki first with the beef, and it was okay... but a bit bland.  The second time I tried the chili citrus sauce with the chicken, with 1 green stick for "mild" spiciness, but it was a bit too spicy for me and not a great flavor.  My husband tried the sweet chili sauce (no extra spice sticks) and it was pretty awesome.  If I eat here again, I'll definitely get the sweet chili sauce.The waiter suggested we get some ice cream for my son, who refused to try anything.  We figured it would be fine.  Unfortunately he didn't mention it was mochi ice cream, which my son refused to eat.  So my husband and I ended up eating those as well.  I think $4 for just two balls of mochi ice cream was a bit expensive, so I don't think we'd get that again.I think it's a good restaurant, very clean with quick, friendly service, and if you get the right combo you can really get some fantastic food.  The only things lacking are the name, and the sauces.  They really need to either allow for combination sauces, or let people add their own sauces to the veggie bowl, or something.  The price was really decent at $8.99 for all you can eat, and I think they would do well in the area if they just named themselves something like "Cary Mongolian Grill" or "Grand Heights Mongolian Grill" or something more descriptive.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2012,3/21/2012,109,187,,9,5>One of the best dinners I have had in the Triangle in awhile.  I went with some business associates for restaurant week, wanted to try a new place but only had moderate expectations.  The atmosphere is very trendy wannabee, it is what people think would be in NYC or San Francisco who have not been there.  It's nice but feels forced, and I was worried so would the food.  Luckily, I was very wrong.I ordered from the fixed price menu for restaurant week not for the value but because the options sounded good.  Started with a duck confit salad that was fantastic.  A nice size piece of duck (boned) which was prepared perfectly and the accompanying greens were very tasty (a little duck fat goes a long way), to the point where I actually ate a green food.The main course was braised short rib, again excellent.  A tasty tomato salsa and pureed sweet potatoes created a tasty dish.Finished up with a pear poached in wine tart and sweet potato creme brulee.  Again, quite good.  Also, the portions were not overwhelming but more than filling, the perfect size.Also, I was pleasantly surprised by a very nice wine list.  We tried a bottle of a South African Shiraz and it was one of the nicest wines I have had and a great value.Will definitely go back.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2011,3/20/2012,64,264,3,8,4>This is a pretty great mall. As the mother of a 3-month old, I have a newfound respect for places that are baby friendly. I like the fact that the outdoor Streets at Southpoint are paved and wide for strollers (even 3 or 4 wide when I'm with friends) and that the mall has excellent facilities for nursing mothers. The best places to nurse in privacy in the mall are: the family restrooms (with private stalls and couches) located upstairs from the food court, the Nordstroms' cozy women lounge, and-- so I'm told-- the one located in babyGap.There are also plenty of baby stores that sell clothing, toys, and shoes; and of course in the summer, the mall offers a cool air-conditioned environment to keep your little one(s) out of the sun. The only complaint I have is that I wish the restaurant and food choices were a little more varied at this mall, but overall as a new mom, I'm a happy camper. Definitely a baby and kid-friendly shopping spot, and a great asset to the Triangle.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2012,3/19/2012,32,168,7,8,5>NC BBQ nirvana, elusive for so long, I have now found you.  The pulled pork sandwich, while humble on the plate, is a miracle once it enters your mouth.  I got the cole slaw on the side and smothered it on half the sandwich, and it's excellent either with or without slaw.  I can't tell you how many times I've tried and hated collard greens.  Backyard's collard greens actually taste good.  Yet another miracle.  And their mac-and-cheese is AMAZING.  As tasty as Poole's, but way cheaper.Although the food is stealthily fantastic, the true charm of this place is the staff--humble, cheerful, kind, and thoroughly unpretentious.  One of the staff kept walking around the tables, checking in with all the customers, making sure they were happy.Many have commented on the unpleasant appearance of this place.  Well, I think of it this way...I consider a guy who's unattractive by conventional standards, shabbily dressed, maybe chubby, or very skinny.  But he is completely at home in his skin.  He KNOWS himself, without apology, and is genuinely warm, caring, funny.  Backyard BBQ Pit is that guy.  If that guy tastes like delicious, juicy, smokey, meaty heaven.To compare, a certain overpraised shiny BBQ joint in Raleigh is the overgroomed, trendy metrosexual who tries too hard and tastes like Acqua di Gio.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,3/18/2012,290,175,6,10,5>I find it REALLY hard to believe that I have not written a review for Nana's. The only explanation is that my computer has obviously been hacked!Enough about my computer issues, I want to tell you why Nana's is my favorite spot in Durham.I've been blessed with a few visits to Nana's - thanks to my amazing partner in crime. My first visit was a birthday surprise. It was everything I dreamed it would be and better. I don't even care that they brought me the wrong dessert - it was delicious. I had veal as my main meal and an mouth watering seafoody appetizer. Before we sat down at the table, we sat down at the bar for a bit. I have the habit of askin a million questions at dinner and I like recommendations from the staff - especially when it comes to wine! Well, all of my questions were answered with a tasting and a pretty good description of the beverage. EXCELLENT bar service! There is another memorable meal at Nana's that I feel is worth mentioning. It happened on a random weekend summer evening. HOT. We showed up to Nana's and they were completely booked, as expected. Our craving was basically crushed, but they offered us a seat on their patio.... Yeah? like what patio? There's actually a nice little nook for a patio in between their office building and restaurant. They've done a great job making it a comfortable space back there. And even in the sweltering summer heat... it was actually quite nice to eat outside.Of course, that could also be because we had a fresh blackberry mojito like drink to go along. They had some fresh blackberries leftover from a farmer's market visit that morning and they smashed them up into this AMAZING cocktail. AMAZING cocktail. It was probably my favorite moment all summer.Nana's is awesome. Anything you get on the menu, from the bar will go beyond your expectations. The services is right up there as well. If I won the lottery, I would seriously eat here every single night.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2011,3/17/2012,81,795,,4,3>A home away from home -- only neater. Duke Tower Condominiums and Hotel was the perfect choice for my Durham sojourn. Within walking distance of Brightleaf square and a multitude of other shops and restaurants, DTC is nicely situated. I had a one bedroom condo, fully furnished with everything I could expect. More like an extended stay hotel, DTC furnishes the linens and the appliances and some dishes, cups, glasses and utensils, but you bring your own toiletries, coffee and food. With all the restaurant options in the area, food is optional; although using the kitchen might be more prudent for an extended stay. Housekeeping comes by once a week, but there's a change of bedlinens available if you can't wait that long. Overall, it worked for me since I didn't have to pre-clean my room every day before a housekeeping visit. Each unit opens to the courtyard and there are no units behind so it has a private feel. The courtyard was quite beautiful with its blooming flowers, bird feeders, vine covered trellis', a couple of grills, a lawn chess set and pool.  The Tower, in the center of the garden, has an honor-system, continental breakfast in the morning. The Tower's dark wood floors, walls, and tables is either relaxing or claustrophobic, though, depending on your perspective. Disappointingly, the spiral staircase to the upper floor is closed. There's wired and wireless internet service available, but they're still upgrading the wireless for the entire property and for me, the wired connection worked better.   Besides all of that, DTC offers complimentary shuttle service to Duke Medical and DPAC.   The office staff, security, and long-term residents are some of the nicest people with really interesting stories to share.  Oh, and if you can't bear to travel without your furry four-legged friend, DTC accepts pets with a small extra fee. If you're the type who won't consider staying anywhere that's older than five or ten years, DTC won't work. But if you enjoy the subtle beauty and quirkiness found in older places, DTC will deliver and for a price much less than you'll pay for any of the nearby chain hotels.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,3/16/2012,7,108,,4,5>A little out of the way from Raleigh, but well worth the trip. I'd been meaning to make the trip for over a year, and finally did one lovely day this spring.  We had intended to go to the Smokehouse, but the weather was too nice to sit inside so we walked across the street to the Tap House for lunch instead.  First off, Aviator brews some good beer.  They had a bourbon barrel Hot Rod on tap when I was there and it was amazing.  But the big surprise was how good the food was.  I had the "monster sandwich," which has pork barbecue, brisket, bacon and crispy onions on a great roll.  It was delicious.  One of the best sandwiches I have had in the Triangle area.Don't be intimidated by the drive down to Fuquay-Varina, the beer and the food are worth it!  Couple that with a nice outdoor patio and I'm already scheming on when I can go back.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,3/15/2012,61,185,,5,3>If you're looking for a great afternoon date venue, or a way to kill time with some class, I highly recommend the Museum of Art. They have some fantastic exhibits in there and I love the layout of the place. Having both indoor and outdoor exhibits along their walking trails is a nice touch. I've easily spent whole days here, usually on the trails, but also indoor checking out the exhibits.I'd say my favorite exhibit last time I was there was "Tar Baby vs. St. Sebastian" by Michael Richards. It's a gold Tuskegee Airman with airplanes flying into the body. Richards was a Jamaican American and died in the World Trade Center on 9/11/01. This exhibit really hit home with me being that I'm Jamaican American, originally from New York City, and also an Airline Pilot. It's got an eery feel to it, but is a fascinating piece of art that I'm glad I was able to see.Throughout the musuem, you're bond to come across at least a few exhibits that you can relate to or get a sense of relation with. The Ancient Egypt exhibits were also some of my favorites, but I wished they had some more. Ancient Egypt has always been a fascination of mine.For my fellow eaters, the cafe has some really good food there! Being a museum cafe, it can be a little pricey, but the quality is really good. One thing I didn't enjoy was the Espresso. It was a little too bold for my liking, so keep that in mind. I'm sure it's perfect for some.They do outdoor movies at times, but I have yet to catch one there. I'm told that it's a really good time and I'm looking forward to going to one. All in all, the Museum should definitely be a spot on your list to check out!
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2011,3/14/2012,22,188,3,3,3>Chai's is very solid. The food is fairly good, reasonably priced, and fast. The curry rice bowls are incredible. The hot wings are really, really good, and the bubble tea is tasty as well. I even braved the Torture Challenge with my ex-roommate. We both finished successfully, but were in extreme agony for a while after. If you are going to try it here is the secret: you can't just start eating. You have to rip the meat off the bone first. It cools it off (temperature wise) and helps you not get the hotsauce in your nose and eyes (which it is game over if you do). My hands went numb, my face got partially paralyzed (totally serious) and I started shaking. It was that hot....and this is from someone who can literally eat any level of hot. Also, make sure that you do NOT drink ANYTHING while you are trying it. It will just spread the heat around and make it worse. Rip all the meat off, make a pile of it on the side of your plate, and then when you are ready eat it as fast as possible, but do NOT stop for anything. It was pretty painful. I'm glad I did it successfully though. Make sure you bring milk in the car too. They won't let you use it during the challenge, but it is a lifesaver afterward. Overall, chai's is a solid dinner spot. You should check it out.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2010,5/3/2010,254,415,5,8,6>I love tacos. Little $2-$3 tacos. You eat two, you're DONE. If you feel the same way, and live near one of these little gems, this is your place. Granted, this is not some hallmark for authenticity or a super fresh, local (over)priced joint like Carrburritos,* with bright, happy lettuce, but they have some tacos that are more creative than those from a truck.**While I do wish they could ditch the lettuce and rock out the cabbage on our tacos, that's really my only complaint about the place. They're nice, fast, offer about 7 salsas, have weekly off-menu specials and have homemade fruity drinks on tap for the non-soda drinker. I'm totally a fan; actually reminds me of California...*I love Carrburritos, this just isn't the same thing. And there is only one "Carrburritos", this is a small chain as I understand it.**The trucks around here have arguably better hours for taco consumption. They also can rarely accommodate my need for veggie items to my comfort level, though they don't take credit cards.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,5/1/2010,42,93,,7,6>I've only been to Jordan Lake once, and the visit was brief.  But in that time I saw great picnic facilities with grills, restrooms, a beach where you can go swimming in the water, a playground and volleyball courts.  I'd love to explore more around there (or make a few friends who own boats or jet skis!) - it's a nice way to spend an afternoon.  Amy C's right...bring frisbees - it's nice to toss those around while splashing in the water on a hot day!
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2010,4/30/2010,24,50,9,6,5>BRAINS AND EGGS!Now that I have your attention ... and yes they really do serve brains (not that I would ever be brave enough to try them).I have been here a few times now and have received consistently large portions, good quality, and fast and friendly service.  The atmosphere is like a combination between an Italian joint and a Cracker Barrel.  The tables all have red and white checkered table cloths and the walls are adorned with funny signs, license plates, and various memorabilia.While I have never personally witnessed this I have also heard that Big Ed himself often frequents the joint (there is a table reserved for him after all).This past time I went I ordered the biscuits and gravy, a side of grits with red eye gravy, and an order of the hash browns.  My wife and I were both going to get an order of hash browns but the waitress explained how large it was and we decided to share.  I was disappointed at first when the hash browns arrived.  They are really home fries with melted cheese on top.  I am not a fan of home fries at all but these were really good.  The cheese is also real melted cheese, not some unnatural nuclear colored cheese sauce.  The biscuits and gravy were very good and the grits were tasty and well balanced (not too creamy but not too gritty either).For a good bit of fun, take somebody who has never been and convince them that they need to order two pancakes.  The dismay will be clearly visible in their eyes once they realize that one pancake is larger than their head.Go on down and check it out y'all!  I dare you to try the brains and eggs!
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2010,4/29/2010,105,145,6,12,6>So I'm a little late to the party with my review of Jibarra, but better late than never. I had previously gone with Ron W. for drinks and appetizers, and this weekend I went to have brunch with my fiance. I really should kick myself. I'm a big fan of brunch. I'm a big fan of nuevo mexican food. Why haven't I been here sooner? I'm kicking myself.On my previous visit I had some guacamole (condiment of the gods) and some shrimp appetizer dish. All I can really remember is that I liked them and I told myself that I needed to come back again soon. April and I both ordered the Royal Brunch. It doesn't look like much on the menu but wow...come hungry and thirsty. I started off with a guava mimosa and April had a mango mimosa. These were a great, uniquely tropical twist on the old brunch standby, not to mention they had a generous pour on the champagne. Shortly after our drinks came out, we got our fruit plate: thin slices of melon, watermelon and strawberries with a drizzle of dulce de leche with a hint of cinnamon and a cup of yogurt with tiny bits of fruit. This was a great way to whet the palate.Next up came our entrees. I had the Pastel Azteca, which was a cake made with corn tortillas and cheese and served with sauteed shrimp. April had the shrimp tacos. Both were fantastically spiced and the shrimp were cooked to perfection. I will say the pastel was a bit on the heavy side though. If I had realized that so much food would be coming with the meal then I would probably have gone for the tacos. This may be brunch but Jibarra doesn't skimp when it comes to portion size.Finally, out came dessert. For April, the Pan de Natas. For me, the dulce de leche cheesecake. At this point I'm weighing the pros and cons of putting more food into me. Pro, this cheesecake is awesome and I'm a huge fan of dulce de leche. Con, I've about reached capacity because the previous courses were not small and I've been putting away mango and guava mimosas like a supermodel goes through Columbian marching powder. The brunch menu says that it's $10 for 3 mimosas. I think I had 7. Anyways...not one to give up the fight so easily and ascribing to the philosophy that too much of a good thing is awesome, I buckle down and demolish my cheesecake. I'm now walking that thin line between pleasure and pain. My tastebuds are in their happy place but my stomach feels like it's about to pop.Feeling the oncoming carb coma, we pack up the family and head out. I will be back here very soon to try out dinner and some margaritas. I have to say that Jibarra really delivers on all fronts. The place has great decor, nice background music, good service, delicious food and drink, and when you really consider all that at their prices...the value is pretty much untouchable in the Raleigh fine-dining scene.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2010,4/28/2010,17,76,4,5,5>I have been wanting to try this place since it opened. However, every time I am at Wycliff and Lake Boone, my mind, soul, body and car take me to Chubby's. This time I defied them all and made it to Which Wich. I am glad I did.The sandwiches here are great! Oh my goodness, this place was PACKED at 1:30pm on a Saturday. I just can't remember a place being this busy in Raleigh on a Saturday. I got the Thank You Turkey sandwich. It has turkey, stuffing and cranberry. Put it in a wheat roll and I had a little Thanksgiving meal in February! Woohoo! Their homemade chips were really good, but like Adri said - not enough of them! Husband had his favorite - Monte Cristo. I have mentioned before how he wishes he could still eat the Bennigan's version, but this one is a close second - and it wasn't deep fried. Win! It may have got five star, but we did not care for the bar stools in this place. If I was 3 years old, they may fit me. But, I'm not, and they were uncomfortable. Can't wait to go back and have many other sandwiches. Definitely be sure to pick up a frequent diner card - purchase 10 and you get a freebie.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2010,4/27/2010,230,281,7,8,4>Oh boy, people in the triangle love this theatre. I had a pretty fun time getting Avatar 3D tickets, since the weekends would sell out almost a full week in advance. Of course, after I managed to finally score my weekend tickets a snowstorm rolled in and canceled my show. They successfully managed to not tell anyone how to reschedule or get refunded. I had to call their phone number until I finally reached a voice message that said all I have to do is reply to the original email to reschedule. I wonder why they didn't just say that on their website, jeez.Anyway, if you can get tickets, it's great. There are 267 seats, but you want to ignore about half of them (the lower section) since they're too close and you may get sick. Seriously, I had some co-workers that arrived late and sat in the front row. They had to leave early and their tickets were refunded. They said that the IMAX employees said it's very common and they refund tickets a lot.If you're seeing a feature film, get there 30 minutes before. If it's a new release and you're going on a weekend, then you might want to stretch that into a full hour. If you're seeing an educational film I have no idea, but pat yourself on the back for seeing something educational!Most new release feature films will sell out easily. Don't treat this like a regular movie theatre where you leave a seat between you and strangers. Move all the way in to the center if you can, because it will be annoying to others when the IMAX employees come out to tell you to do so.Parking is a breeze since there's a couple parking garages nearby. Prices are on the steep side ($12 for matinee and $14 for evenings), but I guess it's not too bad since IMAX is a bit of a monopoly and could probably charge $20 if they wanted to. Maybe I shouldn't have said that.A side note: Morehead Planetarium at UNC is going to be replaced with a new fulldome digital theatre. It's not going to be IMAX-branded, but it will probably provide some competition on the educational film front. I'm a big fan of the OMNI IMAX theatre in Boston.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2010,4/26/2010,14,67,11,12,11>First, I would just like to say to all the other guai lo out there: Do NOT fuck this up for me!  The food is great, authentic Sichuan style (though you have to ask for the Sichuan menu).  A lot of it is pretty spicy, and they're afraid to give it to non-Chinese (and after one conversation overheard, where a patron complained that his spicy garlic chicken was too spicy and too garlicky, I hardly blame them).  So, let's try to earn a little trust. If you order something, and it's too hot/too anything-explicitly-specified, do not complain.   Especially if you asked them to make it hot.   Not to be a jerk or anything, but I'm just trying to make sure we both get good food in the future.Two of my favorite dishes are the grilled green chili peppers and the special green bean jelly.  Both of these are technically appetizers, but they're big enough to require a regular serving platter.  The green chili peppers are just that- served in a rich, dark, slightly vinegary sauce.  The grilling may cut the spice just a little, but you're still eating chili peppers straight up, so don't get this if you don't love spicy food.The special green bean jelly is a cold dish of white, slippery, very bland noodles with a salty (fermented green bean?) sauce, scallions, peppers and even real Sichuan peppercorns on top.  Though it's still spicy, it's a different kind of spice than a lot of the others and its coolness is refreshing. Great as a delicious contrast.There is also the kung pao lotus.  Don't be scared off by the "kung pao"- it's not deep fried or in gloopy sauce of anything.  It's cross sections of the lotus, seasoned to be slightly sweet but also savory, with dried red chilis mixed in, and is quite good.A good non-spicy dish is the dried tofu with green soybeans.  The tofu is in very thin strips so that it resembles leathery noodles.  I was a little creeped out by this one because I thought it tasted like chicken broth, but if I was wrong, I'll definitely get it again.The staff are very friendly and helpful, and do their best to make sure you enjoy the meal.  Typically of Chinese dining, the food comes out when it's ready.  To maximally enjoy your experience, order several complementary dishes for the table and eat family-style.  The portions are huge, so you'll probably stuff yourselves and still have ample leftovers!  Last time I went, the bill came to $40 for four people after ordering 2 appetizers and 2 entrees, with all of us uncomfortably full and three full boxes of leftovers to take home.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,4/25/2010,44,135,4,8,7>Was not sure what to expect when I walked into Cafe Curryleaves. It is sparse on the interior decorations and looks a bit like a fast food style place, but I was pleasantly surprised as I looked over the menu posted on the wall. Southern Indian food including idli, dosa & uttapam - cool! I had the Mysore Masala Dosa - which was rice & lentils crepe coated w/ spicy chutney and spiced potatoes - it was spicy hot - like the skin outside my lips was on fire - but tasty and delicious. Side Note: My waiter warned me that it was going to be hot. I also shared a side of  Chatpate Chole or spicy chickpeas - very, very good. I have never been to India so I can not vouch for authenticity, but I do know delicious food and Cafe Curryleaves has some tasty, healthy food at a very low price and is worth a visit.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2010,4/24/2010,28,103,,5,4>A1 Installer does custom home theatre, electronics, home network and antenna installations.  I was looking for someone to put up a high power HDTV external antenna on our roof, similar to a satellite dish.  (The internal antenna just wasn't picking up all of the channels we'd hoped to get.)1.  REPLY TIME.  I sent an email into them and they were back to me within 24 hours.  Things tailed off a little thereafter, it took a week to get the next reply, but things moved in the right direction.2.  ARRIVAL TIME.  They were late, but they got there. Wa-a-a-a-ay better than a cable company.3.  ROOF INSTALL.  They put the antenna up on the roof exactly as asked.  They did all of the right work, had the right parts and the job looks great.4.  IN HOME.  They had to wire the antenna into our attic.  From there they got it down to our home cable box, and out to all of the TVs.  I'm very happy with the work they did.If they'd been on time and a little more responsive = five stars.  The great thing is that I can now get rid of my cable and save $100 / month and still get good HDTV service.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,4/23/2010,11,49,2,4,5>Ah, the Cradle.  If you've been to more than five shows there, that's what you get to call it.  If you live in this area and like music, then you know there are three or four places where you can see great shows without whoring yourself out to Ticketmaster.  This is probably the best one.The venue itself is a dive.  It's at the end of a strip mall.  Parking is tough to come by, and if you think you can slip into one of the video store spots unnoticed and get away with it, then your night just cost you an extra hundred bucks, but you'll get to meet lots of interesting people at the towing yard, so it's not a complete loss.  The stage and viewing areas are nothing special.  If you're old like I am and too creaky to stand up for three hours, then get there early so you can get one of the small number of bench spots.  The acoustics are decent and sight lines are fine unless someone tall perches in front of you.The bar is deceptively great.  It's a pretty home-made affair, but they have a decent variety of beer, and they don't gouge you terribly.  It's also at the back of the venue through a doorway, so you can take a break from the music and don't have to scream "TWO CANS OF TECATE!!!!!!!!" six times to get your order in.I'm constantly impressed by the bookings they get as well.  It's a very eclectic schedule.  There aren't many places that could get Arlo Guthrie on Tuesday, follow him with Ghostface Killah, and then Rilo Kiley on the weekend, but they seem to manage to keep the schedule interesting every year.  They also host tons of benefit shows, so I think the owner's heart is in a good place.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,8/24/2012,20,39,,5,2>I've never had a dosa, but if this is what they're supposed to taste like, I'm sold. My fellow diner and I split the Paneer and Pea Dosa and the Curry Dosa. The paneer one came with that delectable indian cheese & peas inside a crispy, yet somehow still chewy dosa shell. There were four tasty dipping sauces on the side. IMO, paneer can do no wrong, so I was very happy with this dosa. The triangular curry dosas were filled with curry flavored egg, cilantro, and chunks of lamb. I had hoped for a bit more meat, but it was delicious & flavorful nonetheless. The manager/owner/chef (?) came out to visit our table a couple times during the meal, explaining the dishes and checking on us. He was very hospitable and personable. The decor is modern and a bit fancy schmancy. Nice for a date. Overall, a lovely meal. I'll definitely be back with a few friends to try the "Big Bad Tiger," a table-sized dosa serving 3-4 people :D
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,8/23/2012,32,168,,8,10>I heard about Favor Desserts and its baker, Keijuane Hester, on NPR's The Story (thestory.org/archive/the…, the last 10 or so minutes).  He shares his story about learning to bake while in prison (for cocaine), and his first baking success--a delicious carrot cake, which he learned how to make from another inmate.  After being released, he wanted to keep himself clean, so he focused on making a living by baking.  With much dedication and hard work (including going door to door with slices of cake for people to try), he has cultivated his business.  The bakery itself is in a complex called Bentley Ridge off of Highway 55, and is small, clean, and cute.  There were several people sitting with laptops at individual tables when I arrived.  The baked goods display was full of delectable treats, including rows of cupcakes, as well as cake slices.  While the cupcakes are not as photo-ready as those of Daisy Cakes or Mad Hatter, with somewhat irregular shapes and messily applied icing, they have a charming home-made appearance.  His menu is pretty extensive, with many classics such as red velvet cake, 7-up cake, German chocolate cake, and 8 (!!!) different pound cakes (the lady in front of me ordered the 5 flavor one).  I've been trying and failing to find a great red velvet cake in the Triangle for years, so I had to try his red velvet cupcake.  *horns trumpet*  Finally, my yearning for fantastic red velvet cake has been properly satisfied!  It was moist, fluffy, pleasingly ruby red, rich, and smothered with perfectly executed cream cheese frosting.  It tasted fresh and homemade.  I have also tried the carrot cake (since Mr.Hester mentioned it was his first recipe), and it was divine.  Moist, rich, and chock full of chunks of delicious nuts and pieces of fruit, and again with that tangy creamy cheese icing.  The regular size cupcakes are large, and are $3 each.  His menu also lists "petite" size cupcakes which are $1.75, but I didn't see them on display (maybe they are only made to order, or maybe they disappear earlier in the day).  I will come back and try the pound cakes.Mr.Hester's baked goods are also apparently sold at Blue Coffee Company.  I am so inspired by his positive effort to transform his life, and will happily eat his cakes to support him.
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,8/22/2012,15,112,,12,3>Chapel Hill's newest and second-largest community park has lots to offer: 72 acres of soccer fields, walking trails, a Frisbee golf course, picnic facilities, playgrounds, basketball courts, an inline hockey court, and more. What brought me here today, though, was the dog park.There are actually two dog parks here: one very large one for the "big dogs," and another, smaller one for the dogs that think they're big. These are some of the nicest dog parks I've seen. They have an assortment of toys lying around for the borrowing, waste bags, water fountains, lots of benches to sit in the sun and the shade, woods AND dirt to dig in, etc. The people are friendly without being obnoxious and they're very good about picking up after their animals. Elsewhere in the park, the kids run around playing on the fields and the playground, the Frisbee golfers get lost in the woods, and people just come and hang out with their neighbors. Very nice.Our tax dollars were well spent on this one, people.
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,8/21/2012,230,281,,7,6>Vinyl forever! In The Groove is Raleigh's used record shop. With good hours, a convenient location (Carter Building, Glenwood South), a friendly owner (Greg Rollins), and great prices, there's not much else I can really as for here. By nature of the business, there is far more classic rock and pop than modern rock. But, Greg will find anything you want him to find. On my last visit I scored a couple of original Beach Boys LPs (including an original 1962 copy of Surfin' Safari for $12). I noticed a copy of Jimmy Eat World's debut self-titled EP on the shelf waiting to be priced, which I almost added to my haul. In the past, I've purchased several BIlly Joel records (NOT River of Dreams, ugh) and some fun records like The Outfield's "Play Deep" ($3!).As Julia mentioned, the partnership with Chapel Hill's Sorry State Records has brought new and local vinyl to the shop. Greg mentioned to me he's recently added hip/hop and rap to his store.In The Groove has turned into a regular stop for me when I'm walking around Glenwood South. Check it out.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,8/20/2012,67,258,4,5,3>I really liked this place based on my one & only visit this past Thursday night. One of my rather picky girlfriends had been a couple times & suggested we meet there for our once a month ladies night.  We arrived around 6pm and got a great table outside immediately.  They have the coolest indoor/outdoor seating area I've seen in a while.  It's really open & even though we were outside, I would imagine you get the feeling of sitting outside even when seated indoors.  It's hard to describe- I wish I had taken a couple of pics.  Anyway, the patio seating (and quite a bit of the "indoor" seating) looks out to the recently renovated courtyard at Waverly- nice little spot!  Now to the food:  two of my friends ordered salads which they both really enjoyed & although we tried to refrain, we demolished more than one bread basket. And the entrees didn't disappoint either as far as the flavor of the dishes.  My chicken parmesan was delicious but I have 2 small complaints- the chicken portion was pretty small- just one fairly thin, average sized chicken breast-- granted it was an amazingly flavored chicken breast, but a larger portion more comparable to other Italian restaurants in the area would've been nice- especially since their prices are about the same (if not slightly higher) than competing restaurants.  My second complaint was that the chicken parm comes with potatoes without an option for pasta (I didn't ask for it, but I didn't see it as an option on the menu).  The potatoes were very tasty (again a small portion), but it would've been nice to have the traditional option of pasta on the side. And for the price ($16), I would've expected a little bit more chicken or a more substantial side portion. And if that's not possible, then maybe a side salad or cup of soup to accompany the entree.Here's a quick summary of my girlfriends' entrees--one ordered pesto farfalle and said the pesto sauce was amazing.  Other friends at the table tried it and agreed with her (I'm not a pesto fan so I didn't try it).  -another friend ordered the gnocchi with vodka sauce- she's from an Italian family full of great cooks & can be a bit of an Italian restaurant snob but she really enjoyed it  -and my friend that chose this place for dinner ordered the tagliolini with bolognese sauce which she didn't love but maybe it just wasn't the best menu option for her considering she really enjoyed her entrees on previous visits. We opted to split a dessert, a chocolate gelato with hazelnut (I can't remember what the fancy name for it was) and even though I'm not typically a fan of hazelnut, it was amazing!Our server was perfect and the owner/manager (I'm assuming?) as well as the chef came out a couple of times to check on us.  They were both really friendly and seemed sincere in their eagerness to make sure we were pleased with everything.  I will definitely visit again and plan on bringing the husband here for a date night!
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,8/19/2012,29,143,,5,4>After reading other's reviews for Tokyo House, I decided the next time we are craving sushi, this is where hubs and I would go.So, last Friday night we made our way here and I am so thankful we did! We went around 7 pm, which I knew was risky for a Friday night, and for a place where people have said service can be slow, but we wanted sushi, and this was the time we could get there. We were sat immediately, and waited on immediately. The specialty sushi menu made me happy because I cannot eat shellfish. So, when I see several rolls with tuna and salmon, or some other fish combo without shellfish, I   am a very pleased customer. The sushi bar was packed, and I knew we would probably be waiting awhile for our rolls, so I ordered the Thai Chicken Lettuce wraps to hold us over. Once we ordered, the waitress told us the rolls would be out in about 30 minutes. I totally appreciated her honesty (and my lettuce wrap decision). The wraps were yummy, and the perfect amount of food to keep me from eating my finger.  Once the sushi came out I was actually shocked at the portion. GINORMOUS! 8 pieces for a specialty roll that only cost $9???? And the rolls were exploding with ingredients. I was barely able to finish my roll (but I did of course), and it was absolutely delicious. I will now be comparing all sushi I eat in Raleigh to this place, because for the price, quality, and great selection, you cannot beat it anywhere else (IMHO).Thanks for another great recommendation Yelpers!!
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,8/18/2012,84,91,,6,4>Having broken up with my last hair stylist for shotty bangs time and time again I turned to Yelp to find a new salon and stylist.I stumbled upon this salon after reviewing the websites of other salons in the area. This website did not done pictures of models or stock photos but rather showcased the establishment and stylists. I really liked that.When I called to make an appointment I was told that the stylists set their own schedule and was given a stylists telephone number to call and schedule an appointment with them directly. At first I was taken aback by this but after much consideration found this to be a useful and brilliant idea. I called Amanda to make my appointment and was able to talk over what look I was going for before I even came in.Despite what a previous review had stated, Amanda was a dream stylist. I went in to donate 10 inches of hair for Pantene Beautiful Lengths. I took a real gamble for such a total make over with a new stylist but I'm glad I did. She gave me a timeless and flattering cut.Amanda was professional, friendly and a real delight. I found her quite charming and an excellent stylist. I look forward to my return in 8 weeks!
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,8/17/2012,169,170,,10,8>While in Raleigh late at night in search of food, we decided to try Chuck's. Being from Durham, it was hard to ignore the comparison between Chuck's and Bull City Burger. Because I am a fan of Bull City Burger I was already holding Chuck's to a high bar. For the most part, Chuck's did deliver. I had the "Bradley-Time" mainly because blue cheese on a burger makes me happy. The burger was cooked perfectly and it was nicely flavored. I can't say that loved the beets on the burger but they were ok.As for the atmosphere, this place usually has a crowd and it's very open and bright. Noise level is a little high but it's what I'd expect from a restaurant like this.Service was good. The server takes your order at the table (unlike Bull City Burger where you have to order at the counter and get a number). Call me lazy, but I think ordering at the table is easier and less stressful :)This is also a good place for food at a somewhat late hour (I think we were there around 10pm on a Saturday).
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,8/16/2012,37,158,2,5,6>This place is a revelation.  The food is divine--diverse menu options, great quality ingredients, perfect execution and portions--while the atmosphere is awesome (authentic bohemian vibe) and the service is the best I have had in the Triangle, as our waitress took care of little details (asking us if we want to wait for our appetizers to come out before ordering the rest of the meal, splitting our portions for us once she realized we were splitting sandwiches, etc) that should be no-brainers but really haven't been.   They could not have done a better job.We started off with the nachos, which were great (whole-wheat tortilla chips topped with the freshest ingredients that were just bursting with flavor), but it was the Flame Job that absolutely hit it out of the park--a perfectly balanced mix of heat and flavor--followed by the Groovy Train, which was a completely different mix of flavors (focusing on flash fried broccoli with other flavors chiming in, like cucumber, roasted peppers, and avocado).  We finished it off with the sopapilla cheesecake, which was like an ad for going vegan--you're telling me I can eat something that tastes of dessert perfection (vs something lame like the Cheesecake Factory, which smacks you across the face with sugar and cream cheese), and not feel weighed down afterwards?
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,8/15/2012,174,1518,2,5,3>Solid pizza, and somewhat of an institution on Franklin St., although I hear it used to be located a few doors down. The place as it is is spacious and almost divey, but not gross. It has character, which may seem surprising given the aforementioned relocation.I visited here during the summer on a Friday evening, and the tables were full of parents and toe-headed children eagerly scarfing down slices with smiles on their faces and sauce on their chins. Even the back of the restaurant showcased dozens of crayon colorings of the establishment and its renowned menu items in what looked to be some sort of contest for free pizza that I would have DIED to enter as a child. But I could also imagine a more raucous environment here...As one who has recently relocated from New York, I'm going to tone down any criticism of local pizza that will never be worthy of the Pizza Mecca, and I will try to be judicious in my review nonetheless and simply review the pizza at Pepper's per se.But let's start with the prices! Great value! $14 for a pitcher of some serious quality IPA? Homina homina. A restaurant meal for two for under $40? Whaaa? You can't beat that.And now the pizza.Cheese: Pepper's is very cheesy, thick, clotted with delicious mozza. It's not so gooey as it is just...everywhere.The sauce: fairly nonexistent. Trapped under the heavy cheese, which keeps the slices hot hot HOT well into your meal. I might encourage a bit more sauce on my next order.Toppings: nothing to call home about, but not bad.Crust: baked over flour, not cornmeal, which can leave your mouth dry (not a bad thing if a giant pitcher of IPA is yawning at you), and rather flavorless. Chewy, hard to fold, but good for fork-and-knife eating.Pepper's makes excellent leftovers, so order more than you can eat! Great for breakfast the next day, cold and satisfying.
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2010,4/11/2010,28,27,5,8,6>Wow, how glad am I that I took the short walk and finally checked this place out? The woman at the counter was extremely friendly and asked if it was my first time ordering there. The menu is rather small -- I would've loved to see some Saag options -- but nonetheless, they had enough variety for the great prices. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and a naan. Waiting for your food there is rather entertaining since it is located in a convenient store. I did get to witness an impatient State student purchasing a pack of magnum condoms. And I did like that I could have literally ANYTHING I wanted to drink. But the blinking florescent light above started to give me a bit of a migraine. Luckily, my order came out extremely fast and I headed home so I could get my eat on. For $7.49, the Tikka Masala was pretty great! Nice flavor, not too heavy, good heat... however, I'll pass on the naan next time. It's really just a warmed up pita. Go for the basmati rice instead. So, 3.5 stars, rounded up to a four because they're just so darn close and much better than India Mahal.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2010,4/10/2010,135,254,2,10,4>"Buffet Chinese, with sushi, *NOW with hibachi and fancy soups!*"Yes, it's not gourmet food by any means, but for the price, this place rocks!  As people have noted already, they have standard Chinese buffet fare (wonton soup, hot & sour soup, sesame chicken, chicken w/ mushrooms, black pepper chicken, various beef dishes, salmon, octopus, a few vegetarian options, salad, sesame balls, other desserts).  The selection is quite large- they call it the "mile-long" buffet.  Quality is fine- a step above Golden Corral but probably still not mid-tier.  They have decent sushi- no, it won't compare to a fancy sushi restaurant, but some simple standards along with ginger and wasabi.NEW: they've opened a wing around the corner from the sushi section.  One part has fancy soups (picture uploaded)- I had the roast duck, noodles, and vegetables.  Other options included curry noodle & shrimp noodle.  The soups are prepared ON DEMAND and as you like it in terms of content and spices!  You place your order, sit down with your buffet food, and come back in a few minutes for the soup.  The other part is hibachi, where you pick your meat and vegetables, request a sauce, and they cook it- just like at Bali Hai on Ninth Street.  The options are more limited than Bali Hai, but let's remember- this is all INCLUDED in the buffet price- no extra charge!  You can eat all you want and not have to balance your food into a tower from your bowl to avoid increases in price.Plus, any locals who get the "Clipper" magazine or other mailers can find coupons for this place.  Standard price is not bad, and the with-coupon price makes this a wonderful value.  It's especially great for people with kids, big-eaters, and anyone who wants to sample lots of dishes rather than stick to one single option.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2010,4/9/2010,611,755,5,14,6>Six months after my first visit to Gravy I'm back for another whirl!  And yeah, things are going much better now at this little Italian restaurant.  The place was jammed on Friday night, it's a smaller space for Empire Eats so we just plopped ourselves down at the bar.  We started off with some arancini, fried risotto balls....   OMG, these were good!  Fried bread crumbs on the outside, melty cheese on the inside, and served with some wonderful marinara gravy, nommy goodness!  I could have eaten a plate of these for my main meal.   My dinner entree was orecchiette pasta with sausage, broccoli rabe and a heavy sprinkle of sea salt.  Take it easy on the salt next time, Tony!  Good but not as great as the ARANCINI!   And I finished things off with a very nice tiramisu with a cool sugar candy crown, nice.  But again, I wish I had more of those ARANCINI!  Yep, I've got a one-track mind...Service was fine although the crew looked a bit stressed out.  I'm really glad I came back for a return visit but next time I'm getting something with the red sauce because it was amazingly good.  And yeah, I'm getting another plate of you know what!  I just want to make sure y'all order a side of those deep-fried risotto balls, because they were that good!
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2010,4/8/2010,8,18,1,9,4>Finally, an upscale restaurant in Holly Springs!  I hope to see many more in the future.  So tired of "chain restaurants!"  As for my first experience at Il Forno...I was impressed.  They have some organizing to figure out as our meal took a very long time coming out of the kitchen.  Our waitress was excellent though to keep checking in with us and updating on the status of our meal.  The calamari was overcooked and unimpressive but everything else was above par.  Truly excellent Italian food.    I do hope the calamari was the result of an under experienced kitchen and that it will improve.  Before our meal we spent some time at the bar. The bartender was very attentive and happy to be there (this is not always the case at other establishments).  I felt the wine list was good but the beer selections needed improvement.  My husband, a homebrewer, was not impressed with the choices.  Too many "average beers."  So, overall, the staff was excellent, the food very good, and the atmosphere wonderful for a fun night out with friends or a romantic night with your significant other :)
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,4/7/2010,15,33,2,2,3>Pretty good place to grab a meal and a beer.  The place looks like a dump, but they always have a good beer selection plus surprisingly gourmet specials.  I haven't been since the smoking ban, but I can imagine that it makes the atmosphere even better.The 2 menu items that are hard to pass up whenever I go are the carnitas and the garlic fries.  Make sure you bring a mint though because they are serious about the garlic.  Oh by the way....it is always good for some people watching.  Rarely you will ever see a place with business guys with suits as well as punk rock types.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2010,4/6/2010,64,264,4,7,4>Herons is incredible. I was blown away by everything about our dining experience here just before Christmas 2009. In fact, I want to marry executive chef Scott Crawford (so what if he and I are both married to other people?).  My mouth is watering as I write this review, and I can't wait to go back. We started off with an amuse-bouche, compliments of the chef. Next, I ordered the winter truffle soup with white truffle custard, while my husband had the butternut squash risotto. My soup was rich, creamy, aromatic, and divine. My husband's risotto was perfect. We both ordered fish for our main courses, mine the monkfish with polenta and his the salmon with sunchokes. I have never had fish prepared as well as this. It was tender, flaky, buttery, flavorful, and melt-in-your-mouth. My husbands salmon was just as good. Even though we were stuffed, we had to share a dessert, and chose the unique parsnip cake with butterscotch pudding and stout ice cream. The ice cream was really interesting and surprisingly, all of the flavors melded well together.During dinner, service was impeccable and the atmosphere tranquil. As mentioned, I have been talking nonstop about this place since I dined there, and cannot wait for an opportunity to return.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2010,4/5/2010,15,207,2,7,3>I've never had a bad dinner at Provence.  You can't go wrong with escargots to start, then one of the fish dishes.  Or sometimes we just get escargots,an order of lobster bisque, some pate.... and have an indulgent appetizer only dinner.  It's got a pretty nice atmosphere too.  Every time I have been the wait staff has been very nice and attentive.  If it's nice out definitely try to sit on the porch.  I've never sat in the bar, although it looks quite inviting.  Nice French wine selection.The only odd thing is once we went, ordered, but then the waiter came back saying that the chef had gone home and taken the fish with him, so we couldn't get what we had ordered and had to choose something else.  We got something else.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2010,4/4/2010,69,172,1,7,4>On our way to my very first Cat's Cradle show (!), we whizzed by this place and all I saw was a metal pig. I knew we had to eat there.We found a good parking spot near the venue and took a little stroll up the street. As we were making sure the menu wasn't too pricey for us before we stepped inside, a man muttered something about it being named one of the top ten restaurants in the country. The menu looked cool, and he seemed to know what he was talking about, so, we were convinced. It was still a bit cool outside, but we dined in the outdoor area, equipped with plastic walls and many heaters, so we were quite comfy.My husband adored the Carolina Sampler and gobbled up every bit. I had the Crook's burger with grilled onions and cheddar cheese. It was so simple, yet absolutely delicious. The burger was moist, super-flavorful, and cooked perfectly. The bun was toasted, and seemed to be buttery. Really, really good. It doesn't come with any sides, so I opted for the mashed potatoes, which were full of a nice garlic flavor and a great accompaniment to my burger. We didn't get any drinks or desserts, but I REALLY wanted the grapefruit sorbet, so I'm sure we'll be back soon.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2010,4/3/2010,69,760,3,7,6>If you're going to be around the area of Hillsborough and West, stop for lunch.  It's an interesting, tiny, but somehow cool little mom & pop shop that outlaws ketchup.  It's simplicity at its best.  Hot dogs and coke without feeling like you just parted with half your day's wages.  Don't drive 20 miles out of your way to go here unless you REALLY like hot dogs.The seating is very cramped and there's typically a line waiting to order.  If you can get past the longer than just "short" wait and not feel like the walls are closing in you, just enjoy a couple dogs and a soda you're in good shape.  The owners are personable but when it's busy and there's a demand for dogs, they're all business and trying to please everyone.  Not everyone understands what "all the way" means, so I needed a little bit of an education and they were glad to give it to me with a smile.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2010,4/2/2010,23,132,,3,3>If you are tired of corporate rock then you should really consider WKNC. This college radio station has been in business since 1966 and has some of the best shows in the Triangle. You can hear anything from rock, electronica, heavy metal to rap. One good thing is that they give away movie and concert tickets often but the best part is its commercial free with a kick-ass DJ's.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2010,12/29/2010,40,55,4,5,3>woah nelly!  Cupcakes "not good"?!!  better cupcakes at kroger?!!!  I have had a totally different experience!  a.  friends don't feed friends trans-fats.  i will never eat a kroger cupcake and neither will any of my friends, if I have any say.  Daisy Cakes over kroger every day, forever.  Those kroger cupcakes have inedible frosting, whereas the Daisy cake frosting has always been light and fluffy and wonderful.b.  Daisy Cakes fed ALL of the participants of the Doughman awesome bacon-topped-cupcakes during the 2009 race so I have no complaints about their speediness or deliciousness.  c.  I like the cupcakes but I also prefer their other breakfast offerings.  The pop't-art is a particular favorite of mine but I've also tried their bread pudding (delicious), scones (fluffy and delicious) and madeleine cookies (vanilla-y and delicious).  I have never left that airstream disappointed.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2010,12/28/2010,264,1065,8,7,5>Caffe Driade has one thing that most other Chapel Hill coffee shops do not have:  seating next to the forest.Check out those trees.  They're awesome.  And the squirrels.  Squirrel! There's nature here, and chairs.  Those Avatar blue dudes would love this (of course, then they'd want you to leave because you're just going to pull up their tree or something while singing "Colors of the Wind" with the fairy people.)It's the perfect way to spend a nice cozy afternoon, with a book in hand and a coffee mug (or nice beer based on what you're in the mood for).  Driade never seemed like a hopping coffee shop to me.  It helps that there's so much outdoor seating and that it's significantly away from whatever happens to be going on over on campus.   But it is a nice place to unwind and relax, or catch up with friends, away from reality.The variety of food and drink is good, but really, this place is about the scenery, and the scenery is quite nice.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2010,12/27/2010,110,194,4,6,5>Yay for Locopops! I don't know how this got to be such a Durham thing, but dang, do I love Locopops. If you don't know what a Locopop is then here's the quick rundown - it's a fruit or cream based ice pop on a stick. It's flavors can range anywhere from Mexican Chocolate to Mango Lime Chile. There are even beef & chicken Locopops for the doggies. It's a quick treat that really isn't the worst thing you could do to yourself as far as desserts go.Locopops come in two sizes. They used to be called "small" and "large" but according to the guy who was working last night, that caused too many arguments between children and parents. Yes, parents act like children when they can't get their large Locopop apparently. So now they are available in "Kid Size" and "Big Kid Size." But the sizes are just the same.Tip: Can't get the plastic wrap off your Locopop? Turn it around and stick the wood stick and open plastic end in your mouth. Bite down with your lips on the plastic and blow into the Locopop. The plastic will pop right off the pop making it easy to remove!
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2010,12/26/2010,32,22,3,7,6>Raleigh's best kept secret...seriously.  This is not the place you just stumble into because of the huge sign above the door.... because there isn't one....at all.  So, if you can find this place, by all means, go!  It's so cute and cozy and has a nice little view of Glenwood Ave.  Went there last night with another couple, and we were greeted promptly and seated quickly.  Our server was very polite and took great care of us.But you don't come here for the service....you definitely come here for the food!  When I first saw the menu, I was thinking 'Um, just sandwiches?'.  But after reviewing the menu, we opted for the crab cakes as an appetizer.... and WOW they were the BEST crab cakes I have ever had (and I've had a lot of them!).  Perfect portion size for 2 people as well.  And they were less than 7 bucks!  For my entree I stepped out of my comfort zone and ordered the Asian Tilapia Roll ~ Wow again....so delicious and fresh! I got a side of the Mediterranean Artichoke salad...and that was delish as well.  And it was less than 7 bucks, too!  The dishes that the other couple ordered were amazing as well (Quesadillas, Pot Stickers, Shrimp Salad).I was so impressed by The Rockford, that I will most definitely be going back again and again.  The prices and the quality of the food can't be beat!For less that $50, me and my boyfriend got an appetizer, 2 entrees, 2 liquor drinks, and a half bottle of wine.  This place is a winner!  The next test for me now is to see if they are consistent....but from all the great reviews, I'm sure they are!
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,12/25/2010,59,110,3,5,4>For months now I heard a TON of hype about Chubby's Tacos and how great they were.  I walked in a skeptic (especially since I had my heart set on going somewhere else before Chubby's was suggested) and left a believer.  Mulder would be proud.Seriously, there is something for everyone here, both taste- and price-wise.  The tacos are crazy delicious and pretty filling.  The fact that they have a salsa bar makes me smile (be careful though, they're pretty spicy)!  I had a portobello taco and a shrimp taco, and they were both really good.  Kind of greasy but not in the "oh god what am I doing to myself!?" kind of way.I find myself day-dreaming of them on occasion.  Highly recommend!
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2010,12/24/2010,16,20,5,10,5>Is it even done that people review dentists? If not, it is now! I LOVE this woman...not in a "muah-muah" sorta way, but in that "thanks doc for fitting me in at the last minute the day of and for making what I feared was going to be an EXTREMELY painful and EXTREMELY expensive procedure completely pain free (and I do mean COMPLETELY pain free, chi'ren) and cheap (Welllllllll...)I broke a tooth last year and had not been pleased with the dentist I'd been going to for years (he's the reason the tooth broke). My yoga instructor recommended Dr. Lynn and she was able to see me next day and fix me up. Just Saturday, chowing down on some YUMMY tamales (I'll review that place later) I crunched a bone and SHATTERED another tooth; same tooth, other side of the mouth, fault of the same aforementioned dentist. Called this morning, was in by 1 and out by 2! And with NO pain what-so-ever; not even the numbing shots.Dr. Lynn has the nicest staff and a really clean, spare office. I don't have dental insurance, so they are very careful to make sure before anything is done that you know what you are paying for. If you don't want it, don't need it, can't afford it, she's not going to make you have it. That simple. I love that.I know it seems weird to get giddy over a dentist. But I am. Thanks again Dr. Lynn (hey, that rhymes!).
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2010,12/23/2010,31,57,2,6,4>Excellent! Have been here 3 times and have been super impressed with my order and service! have had-Fiocchi -  Fresh Pasta Stuffed with Four Italian Cheeses and Pear Saute in Cream with a Touch of Fresh Tomato      15.95-you might think this is an odd combo but it is a party in your mouth!Linguini al Granchio - Crabmeat Saute in Garlic, Olive Oil & Touch of Tomato & Red Pepper 14.95 -amazing, so much crab!Fantasia di Mare - Fresh Black Taglierini with Grouper and Diced Shrimp Saute in Garlic & Oil with Tomato     14.95- a bit unappealing to the eye but do not let this fool you b/c you will be pleasantly surprised by this dish!everytime I have been here, i have gone with the waiter's reccomendations( unusual for me). Cafe Luna is a great place to go on a date or with a group of friends and the portions are well sized and the prices are great!
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,12/22/2010,38,77,2,11,7>On Wednesday morning, I stood in front of my mirror and groaned, "Oh my gosh.  I need to do something with my hair."  I went to work and checked my email, and right there in my inbox was a Groupon for Hairdos in downtown Raleigh.  "It's a sign!" I exclaimed.  In less than 10 minutes I had bought the Groupon and made an appointment for Friday with Holley.Holley was very friendly when I walked in.  I showed her several pictures of potential styles.  I knew that the Hair Gods were on my side when she immediately pointed at my fave style and said, "That's the one."Over the next  two hours, my hair went from a dull, shapeless mess to a sleek, saucy 'do with tons of movement and shine.  I have bangs for the first time since elementary school.  She put in subtle red highlights to match my old, grown out color.The style is easy to reproduce at home and also very versatile (long enough to put back into a ponytail or updo.)  I've received TONS of compliments from friends and coworkers.  I highly recommend Holley, she will make you look fabulous. :)
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2010,12/21/2010,113,521,3,4,4>H&M? Check. Apple store? Check.Ann Taylor LOFT? Check.Victoria's Secret? Check. There. Now you know the ONLY four reasons I go to the mall. (Yes, I promise I really am a female, and no, I don't have a fever or life-threatening illness.) Crabtree has a nice variety of stores, the mall is very clean, there are a handful of good restaurants (not the Food Court), and Best Buy is nearby. But I do most all of my shopping online unless I'm really in a time-crunch. I am very much in love with lounging on my sofa in my pjs, sipping on my coffee, click-click-clicking my favorite websites on my laptop, and the UPS guy showing up at my door a couple days later. I'm not one of those chicks who likes to walk the mall. When I DO go to the mall, I have a short mental list of what I need, get it, and get out. Crabtree is better than either Cary Towne Center or Triangle Town Center.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2010,12/20/2010,45,521,6,14,9>Resisting the urge to "claim this business", I'm doing the next best thing and reviewing it. An entire university.A few caveats before I begin:1. I'm a part-time student here.2. I have worked in the corporate world for well over a decade now, and my expectations (as both a tax-payer and as a paying customer) might be a bit different than a more conventional student.Universities are odd places. We (the buying public) will go on a long harangue about bad service at a gas station or a grocery store (where we're spending two digit sums of money), but we'll be corralled like sheep, treated like swine on the way to slaughter and otherwise bullied around by university administration when we're spending tens of thousands of dollars on our education.Perhaps predictably, my first beef with NCSU starts with the administration. Here's my message to them: "I'm paying your salary."Yes, you heard me. I'm your customer and I expect to be treated better than I usually am. You have a job because of taxpayers and students like me, and you owe us better.Pretend that you're happy to help us instead of treating us like some sort of necessary evil.Based on my experience, this cuts across administration. From admissions to health services to records to whatever other pedantic administrivia I've had to deal with, the customer service level dwindles around the one star level.And it's too bad, really, because North Carolina State University is a fine institution. My coursework has spanned several colleges including CHASS (humanities and social sciences), the College of Engineering, the College of Physical and Mathematical Sciences and the First-Year College. Experiences will inherently be different, but I have been consistently impressed with the quality of the professors, and the willingness that they have to work with me.Something that the humanities college does particularly well is its advising services. I have had three different advisors in my time at NCSU, and all of them have really gone above and beyond to help me. This is especially important to me as a "non-traditional" student, since my needs are different than those of a more conventional student.I tend to agree with Dr. John Riddle that Harrelson Hall (the big round building near the brickyard) is an architectural monstrosity, and the campus in general has many 1940's to 1970's buildings that would represent no great loss if they were bulldozed. Still, the campus serves its 30,000 odd students well, and is conveniently located in West Raleigh.The library is excellent, and while I still think that Perkins Library at Duke University is superior, I usually end up there more because I want a change of scenery than for any rational logical or academic reason.The Centennial Campus is an excellent addition to NCSU, and I think it will only continue to make this university a world-class institution.It took me some time to warm up to this school (especially after being given the bum-rush by so much of the university's administration), and I'm particularly proud to thumb my nose at the school's absurdly parochial admissions officer who told me that I probably wasn't "cut out" to attend NCSU after presenting my less-than-stellar academic credentials from 20 years ago (I'm now a junior and holding a 3.95 GPA). Despite, and in spite of the school's lackluster administration, I can recommend North Carolina State University as an excellent research-grade institution.So how can I possibly attribute a single star rating to such a multidimensional institution? School administration gets one star. Academic advisors (an equally critical part of the student experience) gets seven out of five stars. The faculty get five stars. The campus gets three stars (there are some pretty buildings on campus, after all). The guy who stands in one of the grassy knolls and reads the bible aloud on Sundays gets four stars for brevity and projection of voice. That averages out to four stars.And that's my story and I'm sticking to it!
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,4/12/2011,42,116,5,7,4>I just have to say up front that this is one of my favorite restaurants and we have been here umpteen times. Yep, that is a real number. My favorite things at  Dos Taquitos are the Mojitos and the Chilaquiles. The other drinks are great too, but I dream of these Mojitos. I think the Chilquiles are only available on Saturdays when they offer the brunch menu. I've been pleased with everything I have eaten at Dos Taquitos. This isn't your run of the mill Mexican, so if you are craving a something covered in cheese with a side of tan beans and orange rice, this ain't your place. I love the decor - a visit to the Ladies room is definitely fun and I can't say that about most restaurant bathrooms. The atmosphere is festive and the staff generally hustles to get us seated and fed. This a real Raleigh gem!
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2010,4/11/2011,179,270,3,5,4>I love me some Sono! I know we have our favorite Sushi haunt, but Sono is mine folks! Here is what you don't know about Sono... they have AMAZING main entrees... like duck and grilled opa. Seriously! I had a grilled white tuna filet the other night that was to die for! Imagine a 10oz piece of white tuna (usually very expensive as sashimi) grilled medium rare... omg... melt in your mouth. Ok, I'll give it a rest... you get the picture.Ok, here is why I'm not dishing out the 5 stars... the service SUCKS most days. They have some really absent minded servers that everytime I go are always bad. I should be mayor of that place. Oh, and if you are on a budget.. go on Monday nights!!! They have a 4 course dinner, that is big enough to share for $25!!!!!
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,4/10/2011,59,219,9,11,6>And they called it....biscuit love....O.M.F.G. SBK, where have you been all my life???? Seriously good biscuits here where on a whim we decided to stop by for the artery clogging goodness food fare here this AM. What did we have? The chicken and biscuit with the sinfully rich cinnamon bun. First off, if you fear for your health, stay away from this place like the plague. Otherwise, the biscuit was buttery rich - crispy on the outside with a moist center that just melts in your mouth. The chicken inside was beautifully moist with a nice crispy fried batter outside. Biting into was a little piece of heaven...crunchy biscuit, soft center, crispy fried chicken, then the moist perfectly cooked white breast meat. So good I seriously considered coming back out for lunch again! The cinnamon bun? Oh man, sweet plus the salty dough hit the perfect "sweet spot" for me. Another melt-in-your-mouth confection with the butter/sugar/cinnamon combo on top and slathered all over. What I liked best was that this was supermoist and not one of those caked on hard icing varieties you can find everywhere. The best part was it only cost $4.95 for a filling breakfast that fed the two of us!My only complaint? Why do we have to live so close to you, SBK??!! Oh yes, you will be my nemesis....As others have said, it's a bare bones drive-thru[1] with limited hours - they close mid/early afternoon. Mid-morning on a weekday isn't too crowded (after 10AM) and they do accept CC's. Just need to double check if they have minimum charge amounts - I didn't see any on our visit tho. [1] 1/23/2011 UPDATE: We went back yesterday and noticed that they have a "walkup" (2 ppl at a time at the door next to the drive thru pay window) on Saturdays. Wished we had known b/c we waited in our car for 30 minutes to get to that delicious crack chicken biscuit of theirs!
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,4/8/2011,56,201,,8,4>Vino's was a wonderful place to celebrate the Triangle Yelp's first 'Burst Day.'  The space was roomy yet intimate; seating was a mix of booths and tables, and there was plenty of room for the Yelpers and non-Yelpers alike.  Vino's appears to have a decent wine selection, although I'll admit I enjoyed only those that were compliments of Yelp - but they were each very good!My sweetie and I shared the Antipasto della Casa - the meats were delicious and not too fatty; the cheeses were just right, and... well, I'm a fool for kalamata olives.  We also enjoyed the Medaglioni Marsala - a wonderful pork tenderloin with a marsala sauce that was very tasty indeed.  The potatoes were alright, and the fresh spinach was just a little too cooked for my taste.As Matthew C. mentioned, the home-made "ricotta-infused" cavatelli pasta, served with mozzarella and tomato sauce was very tasty indeed!  It left me wanting to make a return trip, to try their other menu items and their bar, as well.Thanks also to the wait staff that seemed to make our enjoyment their primary concern.  Vino's Ristorante left me feeling that they deserve my patronage!
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,4/7/2011,62,167,,7,4>First off, if Jackie serves you, you're in for a treat. She rocks at MEZ, just like she rocked in Wilmington at Tower 7.MEZ is the Chapel Hill Restaurant Group's foray into Mexican food a step or two above the average family style Mexican restaurant. The atmosphere is in keeping with sister eateries 411 and 518.The Blood Orange margarita is fabulous, even at a fairly hefty price, but they're not using typical well quality tequila.The food is inventive and flavorful. I love the queso fundido with chorizo, and as other have said, their fish tacos are among the Triangle's best. (Before Chubby's, they were *the* best, but now they have competition.)The lunch menu features a seasonal burger with latin flavor. Divine! And sometimes I just opt for what they used to call Shrimp Ceviche but have renamed to Coctel de Camaron; light and tasty with a tiny touch of spice.The portions aren't huge, so go ahead and indulge in an appetizer or two.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,4/6/2011,230,281,,9,7>ComedyWorx is a great option when you have nothing else lined up on a Friday or Saturday night. Like other Yelpers, I'd recommend making reservations for groups of 4 or larger. They hold them till 15 minutes before the show. Shows are 8:30pm, but they also have a 4:45pm show on Saturday.Now, down to business... all shows are "family friendly", which I think is a bit unfortunate. I think ComedyWorx should copy DSI's Improv Slam and have a 7:30pm clean show and a 9:30pm show for adults. But, hey, ComedyWorx has been around since 1989 so maybe I don't know what I'm talking about.There's limited seating (and parking outside), so I'd recommend showing up 20 minutes or so early and grabbing a beer and a snack at the concessions. Local beer bottles (including Big Boss) are $3.50 and I'd pair it with a small popcorn for a couple more bucks. ComedyWorx is at the tip of Glenwood South, so you're steps away from MoJoe's and Mellow Mushroom. There's an R-Line stop right across the street. I can actually walk to ComedyWorx from Glenwood Brooklyn so I have no complaints at all!"Late Night at the Worx" is for adults and kicks off at 10:30pm. The sweatpants/baseball competition format is ditched in favor of long-form "Chicago-style" improv. If you paid for the 8:30pm show, then you can stay for free (highly recommended). It's just $5 otherwise.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,4/5/2011,31,129,3,6,4>My new favorite place on 9th Street to enjoy a cup o' joe and get some work done.  It beats out Francesca's by having more plugs, lots of comfy couches downstairs, better coffee, and a friendlier staff.  It doesn't stay open as late as Francesca's, but that's just a minor downside.  As a bonus, it does offer to make your drink a float!  Just ask to add a scoop of vanilla ice cream to you coffee/tea/soda and relive childhood.If I were you, I would go to Bean Trader's, get a cup of whatever you fancy and take it out to one of the plastic chairs outside.  The people watching along 9th that comes along for free with that coffee is priceless and makes for an unforgettable experience.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2011,4/4/2011,198,565,5,11,8>After seeing a few reviews here, I feel like I should finally come here and see it myself; plus, I have been craving for someTaiwanese cuisine for a while, but cannot take a vacation to go home.Anyway, so I walked inside the restaurant, and I was greeted with "Huan Ying Guang Lin, welcome in Chinese, already I'm liking this place. Got a seat right beside the kitchen and engulfed with the aroma, so everything on the menu just looks ten times more tasty. In a food (hunger??) daze I ordered the following: Spicy Sauce over Dumplings, Crispy Fried Pork Intestine, Pork Cutlet rice plate, Roasted Pork rice plate, Fish Soup with Sour Cabbage. I know, at this point you are thinking: 1) How are these dishes in anyway appetizing?! 2) How can this boy put away that much food?! Let me explain later, the ordering did not stop here.I also tried to order basket soupy steamed buns, but they told me that it's on short order today and won't have any, but I'm not upset one bit, because now I know that they make it in the kitchen daily, not prepared frozen somewhere and shipped here; that's an excuse I can stand behind. She recommended Scallion Roasted Beef Pancake Roll, which I gladly accepted.Not seeing it on the menu, so I feel inquisitive enough to ask, "Do you have.... stinky tofu?...." "Yeah! of course we have!" she replied, "everyone's ordering them!" A sigh of relief escaped me, and I was not going to care that I might have to go into the office this afternoon and be branded "stink breath," I was determined to get my fix!I know right away that I have a problem when eating the appetizer pickled cabbage brought joy and tears (not literally, figuratively) to my eyes. The intestine was up first, crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. They brought some sauce, but I was determined to have it the old fashion way, with pepper salt. Spicy dumpling was okay too. Both of the rice plates look just like what I used to see in lunch boxes when I was young, complete with yellow pickled radish and spiced corned egg. The stinky tofu wasn't stinky at all (I guess they DO have to search customers that are not Taiwanese LOL!), but it was nostalgic nonetheless. Scallion Roasted Beef Pancake Roll, hmm... They used the Scallion pancake and rolled the seasoned beef and cilantro inside, crispy skin with sweet soy sauce taste in the middle, very refreshing. The soup has pretty fresh fish meat pieces inside, and the flavor is really light; most might not like it like that, but I enjoy hint of flavoring.Overall, the flavoring is to my taste perfectly, the atmosphere was good (The waiter and I chatted about Night Market back home, and ACC basketball). In my opinion I definitely got my money worth. Between here and the Dim Sum at Neo-China, perhaps I might need to go home just yet for a slice of home flavors.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2011,4/3/2011,38,237,2,7,5>One of the best things about Pinhook is that it seems to avoid being labeled. It's not really a "lesbian bar" or anything, more like a "gay and lesbian friendly" bar. Not everyone might agree with me, but I think most places in Durham are very unpretentious and welcoming to ALL. Pinhook has a great relaxed vibe! There were all kinds of people, all kinds of ages hanging out.We were there on karaoke night. It was pretty much empty when we arrived at 7ish, and by about 11 it was packed. There's tons of retroish furniture. It is long and somewhat has at least two different areas. While it got crowded around the stage when the karaoke started at 10, it was still pretty calm in the front section (the bar is somewhat in the middle). I think there is only one bathroom? At least I only saw one unisex bathroom that has two stalls. But the bathroom is cool - they used chalkboard paint on the walls and have some chalk so you can write whatever you want! I'm not sure this place would make a good music venue... the acoustics are probably not so hot. Local beer selection is decent. There are less than 10 lines on tap, but there is PBR (in bottles or tall boy cans) and Schlitz (my favorite college battle cry: "Let's get SCHLITZED)!!! I didn't have a problem with service at the bar, but we did get most of our drinks before it filled up. Pretty cool to see downtown Durham hoppin!
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2011,4/2/2011,152,261,2,15,9>Gotta represent the crazy, Japan-obsessed gaijin faction on Yelp . . . Besides my obvious bias toward all things Japan, I have to give Tokyo Shokuhin 5 stars. As the only exclusively Japanese grocery store in the Triangle area, this place delivers on all accounts. I've come here to find snacks that I first tried in Tokyo such as salty, dried ika (squid)!Toyo has a wonderful selection of teas and Japanese candy such as pokky, hi-chews, and o-sembei. If you want to make a traditional Japanese meal, you will find all that you need here. I found ingredients to make okonomiyaki from scratch here: pork bellies, bonito flakes, okonomiyaki sauce, flour, dashi, and more. The selection of frozen gyoza is also fantastic. For those who do not have time to make Japanese food from scratch, there are all kinds of pre- cooked or microwavable mixes of ramen, udon, rice, and more. On weekends, the very friendly and courteous oba-chan who runs the shop gives out free sushi and mochi with each purchase. Also, cards are accepted for purchases of $10 or more.Verdict: For such a small store, the owners have really done a fantastic job of keeping a wide variety of items fully stocked. Come here for a little piece of the Land of the Rising Sun in the Triangle.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,3/15/2013,24,82,6,8,9>"Durham Rocks," "Durham, Love Yourself," "Keep it Dirty, Durham."  These are just a few of the slogans you see plastered to the back of cars and trucks all over the Triangle area, and for good reason.The Bull City is an odd situation, when it comes to the Triangle, Durham is less of a shining gem, and more of the weird little sister that Raleigh and Chapel Hill like to pick on.Sure, Raleigh's better at hiding her low income population under a slick sheen of vapid nightlife, state capitolhood, and an oddly long-lived public schools districting debate.  And, yeah, Chapel Hill thrives on PBR and hipster music venue goodness, and a bohemian spillover from Carrboro.But Durham, the weird little sister she is, doesn't care.  Low income areas?  Sure, but let's slap a fine dining restaurant right in the middle of it, why not??  Biggest commercial juggernaut of a mall in the Triangle area?  You know it, but we don't care, we've got a local response for any store Southpoint has to offer.  And don't even get us started about the food trucks.  Oh, the food trucks, I could pontificate for hours on the virtues of these fantastic, free-roaming food-stops.And, if you like the destinations found in highfalutin Raleigh or hipster-haven Chapel Hill, Durham is smack between them, making either one an easy destination.  As much as I love Durham for her own virtues, her location makes her the prime spot for  a home base of anyone wanting to be a citizen of the Triangle area.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,3/14/2013,78,106,3,6,5>This booth provides me with little pieces of German heaven every time I visit.  Everything looks so tasty so deciding what to get is always a challenge.  I believe I had the bee sting cake the first time I visited, and sampled various kuchens on different occasions.  I am never disappointed and always look forward to stopping by Annelore's when I'm visiting the farmer's market!  They even make black forest cakes on special order (made with authentic Kirshwasser brought over from Germany!) and I plan on ordering this for my BFF (and me) for her birthday next month.This place has completely turned me on to German desserts!
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,3/13/2013,70,129,,7,3>I've been to Natty Greene's a few times. I really enjoy hanging out in the back room with the pool tables. While it can be a little cramped back there they have good tables. I haven't really had anything to eat here other than the homemade chips which were quite a large portion and very tasty. The beer is cheap and they have a type for everyone. I really enjoy the Wildflower Witbier and the Guilford Golden Ale. I went for the first time to the run club they have on Tuesdays. It is not a big crowd and they offer a free taco bar as well as $2 pints. The taco bar is yummy and perfect after the run. The run itself is not bad. I ran the five mile route which takes you on the greenway next to Western Blvd. There are a few good hills on the route. I would suggest talking to someone who has done it before about the route before heading out since there are a few confusing spots not mentioned on the directions. Not a bad run at all.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,3/12/2013,154,244,1,9,5>I'm a sucker for sweet and savory combos, and while I didn't realize that Sweet N Savory was the truck's name, I sure was glad they had a big sign indicating what they served. I had been craving fried chicken for WEEKS, so I just had to have me some chicken and waffles.The lady in the truck was very friendly, and the wait was about 10 minutes. There wasn't a line to order when I got there, but there were a few people waiting for their food.The wait was totally worth it. While my plate was much more simple than one at, say, Dame's (no herbs in the chicken breading, no shmear), it definitely did the trick. The wings were crispy and tasted of honey, and the waffle was cooked to perfection. I just wish the menu had been more detailed, indicating that the dish came with whipped cream and powdered sugar--which I promptly pushed aside and blew off, respectively.But now I know for next time.
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,3/11/2013,107,166,,6,2>I came here for Triangle Restaurant week with my 2 friends. We picked irregardless cafe because they have the option of $20 for a  three-course meal when you order vegetarian entrée which is more budget friendly for us. They also have the regular $30 option where you get to have other meat entree. We made a reservation thru opentable for Friday night but arrived almost half an hour late since we had to wait in the car for the thick layer of ice on the windshield  to defrost before heading to the restaurant. When we arrived, the place was rather empty for a friday night but probably due to the weather. We each got a pot of tea since it was freezing cold outside (and inside was pretty chilly too as if the heater wasn't on). They have a wide array of teas from different places. It's rather cute that on the menu they specify where the teas come from. I didn't look at every single option since once I saw they have oolong tea from Taiwan I was sold! Though it was an odd combination to what I was going to have for dinner, I couldn't resist but order tea from motherland! It was definitely a plus for me! My friends both got creme au caramel red tea which smell divine and they both enjoyed it.For appetizer, I had vidalhia onion pizza (caramelized onion with cherry tomatoes, arugula, and gruyere and Parmesan cheese. It was a pretty safe choice since you can never go wrong with pizza and caramelized onion. The sweetness of the onion pairs with the cheese and tomatoes really well. The arugula didnt have as strong of the distinct taste as I remember but maybe it was because the pizza itself was so flavorful it overpowered the arugula. They also served it on a wooden board which only added even more character to the pizza! I am all for pretty food! However, parts of the pizza was a bit too greasy/heavy for me when there was no tomato on it. I also tried my friends Mediterranean platter which consisted of hummus, butter bean pâté, and tabbouleh. I didn't really like the hummus. It was too salty. The butter bean pâté was rather interesting. It was minty and at the end there was a kick to it. I did like the tabbouleh though to my surprise. It was quite refreshing! For entree, I decided on shepherds pie at the end. It was pretty delicious. The gravy was really good. I was eating all my steamed vegetables with it before digging into the actual pie. The fennel adds really good flavor to the pie. However my friends chile relleno was the star of the night! Not only was it bursting with color (red from the roasted red tomato purée, orange from the Spanish rice, green from the pepper, black from the black bean cake and white from the melted cheese) it was also bursting in flavors! It definitely made me regret for choosing shepherds pie until I got a section that was bursting in cilantro...  Even then if I could have gone back in time, I probably would have chosen the chile relleno. To finish the night off, we each got a different dessert. I decided to try their apple and berry crisp last second and that totally made up the mistake I made earlier for choosing shepherds pie! It was not overly sweet and the topping was nice and crispy! Not to forget the vanilla ice cream that came with it! It was unfortunate that it didnt came with vegan ice cream since they has put the vegan sign next to it on the menu. The flourless chocolate cake was really moist and almost mousse like. I didn't quite taste like dark chocolate yet it was rather bitter. I read a review saying that the grand marinier flavor in the creme brule is really settle and almost nonexistent, but from what I had, it was pretty strong. I think I prefer regular creme brule much better. Our server was really accommodating. Because we were so indecisive, we didn't order everything all at once. She was kind enough to let us order each course separately! I was pretty confused about their interior design. For some reason I pictures it to be a small, modern, trendy, and hip cafe. When in realty, they gave me a diner-ish vibe. The carpet was the  antithesis of modern too. There were fish hanging from the ceiling and a fish tank by the bar. I was confused to say the least.It was unfortunate that they had to cancel their live music due to the weather or else that would have made the night even better.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,3/10/2013,3,23,7,9,4>Cliff's Notes: My last salon began to suck, so I dumped them and decided to give Alter EGO a shot. I figured, at worst, it'd be a one-night stand, but Dana, my new stylist, took my input and gave me a haircut I'd happily pay three times as much for. I've been going there for four months.Not Cliff's Notes: My last salon ... stopped being consistent, and then, for whatever reason, put me in the trash bin. Whatever stylist I was using would be fine on the first visit, and that was enough for them; subsequent visits would involve me bringing in a picture of what I wanted, and they'd smile, nod, and I'd walk out looking like Steven Jan Vander Ark, the receipt complete with a beefed-up price tag because the librarian thing came about *after* I'd tried to get them to fix what they'd done to me initially.The breakup was much-delayed, but it eventually came. They didn't even notice. Well, good for them.So, after knowing about Alter EGO for years, I was still hesitant. The place screams "edge" and all I wanted was a messy pixie cut. What was I getting myself into?Then, I figured, what the hell. Even though I wanted a conservative or classic haircut, at least they wouldn't let me walk out looking like a 1940s grandmother. Not that there's anything wrong with grannies in the forties; I just don't want to look like one. And Alter EGO was highly rated anyway.Well, I had no reason to hesitate. The staff is always friendly and awesome.  And I love my haircut. *Love* it. It suits me perfectly. They know what they're doing. Give 'em a shot. :)
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2012,3/9/2013,86,140,,7,3>Very yummy food. My first Salvadorean food experience. I think you stick to their strengths - papusas for sure, quesadillas, and chicken wings.I tried their sampler platter. It had a lot of fried foods. Very authentic food experience. I'd go back for those papusas anyday. So good.
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,3/8/2013,135,254,,11,2>"Bakery/ patisserie/ Durham fave hangout"Time to update my review, as I've been here lots of times since the original.  I like this place a lot for breakfast and lunch, or to buy baked goods/ desserts.Pluses:+ Very good quality food overall.  I've never had a dish here that I thought was boring-- not for breakfast, lunch, or from the bakery.+ Price/ quantity/ value.  I'll change my original opinion and note that, at least for breakfast and lunch, and for the bakery, this place is priced well.  The portions are hefty, and you can get a great lunch for under $10.  The reuben is outstanding, as are some of their veggie sandwiches.  I love their (non-vegetarian) German potato salad, too.  Some items in the bakery are amazingly cheap-- try the brezel knot at $1!  I LOVE their almond pretzel, too-- costs ~$2.25, but it's absolutely amazing.+ Atmosphere (once you're seated).  Very nice, and an extensive outdoor area for nice-weather days.  And free wifi!Minuses:- Servers.  Variable-- there're definitely some really nice ones, but there are some who are definitely NOT patient with customers who don't know what to do upon entering (see below).  And once, I found mold on my fruit salad, turned it in to someone I think was a manager, and he took it without comp'ing anything or offering replacement.  Uncool, but only happened once.- Organization of cafe.  You walk in, pick up a menu, and stand in line to order.  But that's not at all obvious when you set foot in the door, so newbies are very often confused and don't know what to do when they enter.  They see people standing, but don't know if the people in line have already eaten and are paying, if those entering should just find a table, etc.- Parking.  Crowded and often a little chaotic in their little lot.Overall, despite the negatives, I have to say I'm a fan now.  As a regular, you get used to how to go in and buy your meals, so you bypass server frustration and the organization issue.  The mold thing only happened once (and it was with strawberries, which I know mold crazy-fast).  Parking just isn't that big a deal, especially given how good the food is.  So, the pluses far-outweigh the minuses for me now, and I enjoy coming here regularly.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,3/7/2013,73,116,4,6,5>Went back to Sadlack's yesterday for some great live music and a few brews, and just as i expected they delivered once again. I got there kinda early as to avoid waiting 20 min to get a beer, because some of the regulars can get a bit chatty after couple of brews.  Not that I'm not a patient man it's just i hate waiting just because someone else is tipsy and feeling social.  but anyway i digress the live music is what really set the night in motion for me and the crew i was with, people laughing and singing made for a great evening. i really enjoy coming here and hanging out with friends i don't get to see that often.So if you haven't had a chance to check this spot out , you'll definitely want to put this place on your " To-DO" list.P.S- beware of the stranger floating  around asking you to buy them beer!............  it's not a good look!
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,3/6/2013,28,79,4,13,5>WOW! Our dinner yesterday evening was quite the experience! This place is just as unassuming from the outside as my other favorite fine dining restaurant in Raleigh (Saint Jacques). Once inside it is a small haven where you could almost feel transported to Japan - including a little rock garden in the foyer. Even the towels in the bathroom are Japanese style handkerchiefs.There are just 4 tables in this restaurant and yesterday there was a sign in the door that the restaurant was fully booked. Not surprising really. I had booked about a month ago for our party of four and was very impressed that the owner contacted me to ask about food allergies and any potential dislikes (e.g. she wanted to know if all of us could eat Sashimi). I was also asked if I wanted the 8-course or 5-course Kaiseki menu - although I've been told that as of February the 8-course is the only option (at $85/person).As for dinner this is traditional high Japanese cuisine - the kind that you would find in an expensive Ryokan in Japan. All in all our dinner took almost 3 hours and was fantastic! Probably one of the best dinners of my life.Service was impeccable the whole time and the dishes were very well explained to us. Some of the dishes included "NC Scallop, fresh seaweed with Kiwi puree" (really interesting!), Assorted Sashimi (tiny pieces but oh so flavorful - and probably the best Uni I've had in my life including quite a few trips to Japan: not that salty and fishy as usual), "Softshell crab in a rice cracker coating, lightly fried" (my personal favorite), "Grilled Japanese Eggplant with red miso sweet sauce" (fantastic), the often mentioned "Miso-marinated, broiled black cod" (a close second for me) and a wintery dish called "NC Flounder and vegetables in a hot pot served with Ponzu dipping sauce" (my wife's favorite - although for me it was kind of run of the mill Japanese soup).There is a very respectable Sake, Beer (3 kinds, all Japanese) and Wine list (3 options by the glass) but we stuck with the recommended pairing sake which was indeed very good.As far as Japanese cuisine goes this is the best that I have found outside of Japan - and even would not have to rival any of the great options in Japan. Actually since the ingredients were a bit more friendly to the western palette my wife loved it (while she had some problems during our last trip to Japan...).Yamazushi is definitely in my top 5 if no top 2 restaurants of the Triangle!!
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2011,7/3/2011,290,175,4,7,6>SHAME on me for not writing a review about this place earlier. I guess it's a testament to my growing age that I think I do thing that I haven't actually done. Or maybe just evidence that I'm seriously that loco. Anyways....Jenni is awesome. I will never cheat on Jenni so long as she's around and I'm in Durham. That's that. She's my girl, and that's EXTREMELY hard to find as we all know. I will allow her to see others, but just remember, she's mine. Why is she awesome? Well let's see:- She squeeze me in to trim my bangs whenever I just drop in- She's actually pretty interesting to talk to - she's in a rock band- she knows what she's doing, which is good, cause i have no idea what i'm doing and she can take the crazy talk going on in my head and make it look awesome- she's attentive to every detail The products are also quite awesome. why?- the hair coloring products don't make my hair smell like a butt for days afterwards- my hair doesn't dry out, it's never been so healthy! it's shiny and strong :)- the color lasts a long time.So, as you can see RPP rocks socks. But if you're not convinced I think the fact that they brew and serve their own beer is spectacular. and if you're visually bored, they have art to look at.seriously. try it.
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2011,7/2/2011,30,91,4,6,6>Love this little hut!  For a long time I just drove by it, noticed the really long line and continued on my merry way oblivious to what exactly I was passing up.  I learned a secret, though.  Well, it is probably not a secret, but a lot of people may not understand that you can park and slip in the little side door, place your order and, bada-bam, have heaven in a slightly greasy bag in a matter of minutes.  Any way you order it: biscuit w/out egg, cheese, sausage, and/or bacon, it's just done right.  And oh my goodness, the cinnamon rolls, people, the cinnamon rolls!  So flippin' melt-in-your mouth delicious.  Apparently, they are made with biscuit dough--sure, whatevs.  Just keep bringin' it SBK and I'll just keep slippin' through the side door :)
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,7/1/2011,42,93,2,7,4>I would like to start with: WOW. My friends and I dined at Flights last night to partake in their Triangle Restaurant Week menu, which looked amazing and very diverse. As soon as we were seated we were given the TRW menu without even having to ask, which sadly, hasn't seemed to happen at other restaurants participating. As Christina G mentioned, the restaurant's ambiance is gorgeous. The booth we were seated in had a wonderful cushy couch with throw pillows on one side (which is where I chose to sit, naturally) and chairs on the other. The draperies; the candles; the deep plum and green colors accented throughout; the impeccable service provided by the wait staff; the fact that I could see the TV in the bar from my seat but not hear it - all of it worked so nicely together. Christina G is much more cultured than me...when the waitress brought us our amuse bouche (bless you!) I was thinking, "this doesn't look like my scallop dish."  Maybe someday I'll be refined =) My not-scallop-appetizer-amuse-bouche was delicious. The elements of cucumber ice, crab meat, and tomato deliberately placed as they were on the spoon worked in harmony to give you a wonderful burst of flavor. I started with the Seared Diver Scallops. Heaven. I've tried to make scallops at home, but was really disappointed with how they turned out. These were prepared perfectly - nicely seared on the outside and tender, but not chewy or overdone, on the inside. I loved the way they prepared the leeks, which were in a creamy sauce, and the addition of the crispy linquica (tasted a lot like pan fried pancetta or chorizo sausage) on the side. For my main course I had the Slow Roasted Ashley Farms Chicken. I have a chicken issue that boils down to: I hate getting any chicken fat in my mouth; I don't normally order chicken in a restaurant, let alone eat the skin, but the bird was virtually fat-free, super juicy, and when the skin is crispy and perfectly seasoned you really can't waste it. I'm not at all ashamed to admit that, while the chicken was amazing, I mostly chose this dish because of the prospect of having smashed purple potatoes - how exotic =)Dessert, the Creamsycle, was a beautiful trio of shooter cups surrounded by swirls of sauces. Two of the shooters were sorbets and the other a vanilla gelato. When combined, the flavors gave you a wonderful creamsycle flavor that brought you back to hot summer days as a child only less messy.I look forward to future visits to Flights and next year's menu selection for Triangle Restaurant Week!
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2010,6/30/2011,179,270,3,12,11>Do you attend church, daydream while you are there, then walk out and can't remember a word the minister said? Then you were like me for the past 30 yrs. No more!The senior pastor at Crossroads, Chuck Milian, is fantastic! Educational, entertaining, funny as can be, and right on target. He doesn't preach to you, he ministers. Volunteerism is the mission of this church. Usually, Chuck does mini-series of sermons which address certain deficiencies in our lives (narcissm, hedonism, how to move forward in our lives, etc). You are guaranteed not to forget them and refer back to his guidance years from the attendance date. I promise. I will say, it is a large church; over 3k in attendance each sunday. But, don't let that put you off. It's a warm, welcoming place.If you are in need of a specific ministry, drug/alcohol abuse, physical abuse, want to adopt a child, you name it! Crossroads has it. I've found my home!
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2011,6/29/2011,33,73,4,14,8>Well hello again Durham, now you decide to open a Gastropub. How convenient that you take my money with such ease. Was perusing for dinner with my brother on a Friday night, looking for a new place to eat, and didn't realize G2B had already opened. Drove up to the lot (a bit challenging to find since it's at the back side of the building), and quite surprised to find such an anomaly around the area. First impression through the door makes you feel like you're in NY. Amber lighting around the entire open layout, with mood changing colors around the bar/lounge area. Open kitchen with a generous number of staff that are utmost prompt, professional, and almost to the level of making you feel uncomfortable with their professional service (not bad at all really; but I wouldn't mind a bit of comfort at the same time to just hang loose). Oh, and they have a screen towards the toilets where they have a Wii for the kids/me. Surprisingly kid friendly. We got there on the early side, and there were only a few other parties around, and having been only open for two weeks, we were quite surprised. We decided to start off with a cocktail (full bar, no specialty cocktails, but they made a lovely negroni). We ordered two appetizers - chicken wings and grilled shrimp with spicy green salad. The chicken wings were on the small side, but I don't mind that at all, as long as there is good flavor (which there was), and the wings were fried just right; crispy but not dry. The shrimp salad had a nice mix of Asian, smokey flavor from the shrimp, and great spice from the arugula. My only disappointment was that the shrimp were on the small size for the price.We decided to split an entree and opted for the $13 burger. Yes, I know folks, let's see who in Durham can make the most expensive burger, but we really enjoyed this in-house ground sirloin. Nice smokey charred flavor, medium rare finish (although a bit overcooked), and much to our surprise, they actually split the burger and fries in two dishes and brought it out for us. We sported the wtf face, no worries.For a restaurant being open for two weeks, they really had their act together. The GM came out to greet us and asked about our experience, and all the staff were friendly, helpful, and very professional. At the end of the meal, we were both hoping more people would turn up to experience the same.I hope these guys stick around; it's a very tough location for a restaurant, but mind you, you don't have to go downtown to get a good bite to eat paired with a drink and nice ambiance.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,6/28/2011,100,280,4,9,5>Chai's is one of the better Pan-Asian restaurants in Durham.  I'm gonna let that sink in.Their food is cheap, portion sizes are decent, and flavor combos are good.  I usually get the thai basil stir-fried noodles with tofu.  Tastes better than most Thai noodle dishes I get at sit-down restos for double Chai's price.  Their tom yum soup is nothing to write home about, but it still is on par with most Thai restos in Durham.Chai's set up is simple.  You wait in line, order, pay, and get a number.  Wait around 5 minutes (there's a lunch rush, though) and someone brings your food to you.  When you're done, you leave and someone will clear the table.  But other than that, there's no waiter service.  It's self-serve beverages, etc.I've never had bad service at Chai's.  Mostly because it's so minimalist.  But the manager & cashiers have always been friendly and easy-going.Honestly, I'd recommend Chai's for a cheap, tasty meal or a casual get together over any other Asian restaurant in Durham.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2011,6/27/2011,265,208,4,6,5>Well hot DAMN! It's official: I *am* low maintenance! While I live but a stone's throw from the over-gelled, under-dressed debauchery that goes down each weekend on Glenwood South, last night my band of merry-people and I decided to keep it low key and ventured out to the Big Boss Brewery. Rumor had it that hidden deep within this fortress of fermentation was a ping pong table, and two of my guests were players of the bring-your-own-paddle variety. Myself, I was just along for the ride. Or so I thought. Hours later, they had to drag me kicking and screaming (Blanco Diablo still in hand) from the shuffle board table :)  The room (or room*s* really) have the feel of a WWII-era hideout (complete with quite the collection of pinup girls) and offer a number of entertainment options - and I do love a good game whilst sipping some suds. Between darts, table shuffle board, pool and, yes, even ping pong, and the occasional trip to the patio out front for a breath of night air and conversation, Horniblows is perfect for the ADD drinker. As for the beer, they offer a $5 flight making it easy for you to quickly (and cheaply) find your fav among the eclectic Big Boss line.  The nostalgia-inducing music was spot on (by which I mean the crowd was largely made up of thirty-somethings and every song reminded us of high school or college...), the dress code was all over the place (from t-shirts and flips flops to pink shirts and boat shoes), and no one was too cool for anyone (could Big Boss be the great equalizer??). In short, we had a blast, made new friends and got our buzz on, and for that I give Big Boss a very solid four stars. And now it's going to be really hard to get me back in a dress and heels....
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,6/26/2011,59,219,7,10,7>It's crazy how many Sichuan-style restos there are in the Triangle....I'm convinced there's a conspiracy theory going on here but I can't prove it just yet. Don't worry. Conspiracy theory or not, that's a good thing for all of us ABCs/bananas[1] who grew up eating Chinese food. Why? If you've got a hankering for that mouth-numbing chili-pepper oil, then you're in luck living in this neck of the woods. After talking with Nancy Y., Jane Y., and Phil G. about this place at our last UYE, we had to come out here. So on a cold, wet NC winter day, we ventured out to this nondescript little shopping center next to both Tower Indian and Mawa's Taste of Africa restos off of Morrisville Carpenter Rd. If it's you're first time out here, you might miss it. So keep a sharp eye out for road and strip mall! They do have a $6.44 lunch menu with some of the standard American-Chinese dishes and that's a great deal if you want something cheap from what we saw. If you're feeling adventurous or want authenticity, ask for the Chinese menu. Don't worry, "Engrish" translations abound. They also have a set of daily specials on the wall or on the back of the Chinese menu. Most dishes are in the $10-12 range with some specials nearing $20. The soups are prolly the best deal at $6-9 and can easily feed 2 people. For me, nothing speaks of comfort food more than a hot bowl of noodles and soup on a cold winter day. Not too hungry, we ordered 3 items: the chili oil bamboo, a huge bowl of Taiwanese style beef noodle soup and a stir-fried baby bok choy with the most awesome and flavorful mushroom sauce evah. The beef noodle and bok choy dishes were off the daily special menu and did not disappoint. The chili oil bamboo app was perfectly seasoned for us, but could be construed as under-salted if you like it salty. The oil was that slow burning, insidious type....you know, the one that you eat a few bites and say "that's not bad" but then 20 bites later has you sucking wind and sweating? The best dish of the 3, was the bok choy with the mushroom sauce. Seriously good with deep developed earthy shitake mushroom flavors. It was such a simple dish, but so well executed that it had me going back for more even *after* finishing that bowl of beef noodle soup! As for the soup noodles? Meh....definitely had better which is one of the reasons I'm docking them down a notch. Being Taiwanese, I grew up eating beef noodle. The spices and flavors of the soup were good but i found them a bit mild. I usually prefer a thicker soup base from boiling down the cartilaginous beef tendons slowly into the soup base which creates that "lip-smacking" goodness, if you know what I mean. Not so here. The beef was tender, but not as tender as I've had elsewhere. Overall a good bowl of noodles, but perhaps high expectations on my part played into the rating. Overall a great experience...and I'm really wanting to come back to try the other soup noodle dishes....conspiracy theory or not - at least that's what those mind controlling radio waves emanating from the back of the kitchen are telling me! Hmmm...maybe I've just got to remember to wear my aluminum foil hat the next time I come?*voices in head*"No...just come back for the spicy sichuan dishes.....""And...no radio wave deflecting hats allowed"[1] ABC=American Born Chinese or "bananas" (white on the inside and yellow....)
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,6/25/2011,66,67,3,14,9>Run do not walk to Taipei 101. By far the best Chinese food that I've had in the Triangle. After stalking reviews and their website, I demanded that we go their for dinner tonight. I didn't really have to demand, my husband was more than happy to oblige. I packed up the kids in the mini and off we went. We were greeted immediately and seated right away. Then I smelled the wonderful aroma. Before our food came out we were given pickled cabbage. Yummy. For appetizer we ordered dumplings in spicy sauce and the onion pancakes. My husband said that the dumplings were not quite spicy enough - but I bet the next time that we order we can ask for them spicier. The onion pancakes were great. Nicely browned and that great combo of crispy yet chewy. For the main course, we ordered the fried pork cutlet with veggies over rice, fried rice with Taiwanese sausage, and beef and broccoli for the kiddos.  I loved that the cutlet came with a soy sauce egg,bok choy, pickled radish, and mustard green.  The fried rice was great made with egg andTaiwanese sausage.  The biggest surprise for me was the beef and broccoli.  One bite reminded me of my grandmother's cooking.  There was no goopy sauce that you find in chinese restaurants.  I looked at my husband and told him that this is what beef and broccoli is supposed to taste like.  My very picky children gobbled it down.  All of the food just reminded me of home.  When the bill came, there was some chinese guava candy in there.  Just a note you pay the bill up front.After dinner, I complimented the staff on the food.  They were so friendly and so appreciative.  It is worth the drive if you don't live in Cary.  Check it out and make your tummy happy.
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2011,6/24/2011,31,129,2,5,5>So glad I stopped in here for lunch a few weeks ago!  I was on a hunt for soup (it was frrreeeeeezing that day) and Franklin Street kept letting me down!  Jack Sprat's was my fifth and final stop.  They actually sold soup that sounded good, and the idea of combining it with a hot pressed sandwich for cheap completely won me over.The food was delicious and portions were generous.  I made a special order on a vegetarian sandwich and asked to have it pressed in a wrap, and the server (who I think may be a new owner?) was so gracious about making any changes.It's definitely a popular spot.  It was full at lunch with students on their laptops ordering food or coffee.  Plus, there's a full bar and host a variety of fun nights each week -- trivia, open mic, etc.  I will definitely be back.  Just writing this review made me crave another sandwich from them!
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,5/20/2014,26,95,9,8,4>So I've lived in Durham since about 2011, and I JUST made it to Nana Taco last Friday. I know, I know, you can end our friendship over this. Every time I try to check it out, it's a Monday and they aren't open (TIP: don't go on a Monday fools).We got there at about 7:40pm on Friday, and it was packed. Like, line out the door packed. At this point, I didn't know you order at the counter (sort of like a Carburritos jam), so I was patiently waiting for people to squeeze the-f-together enough to get into the warm insides of Nana Taco. Once you get in the doors, it's game time. You should probably have your food picked out by the time you get to the counter, or the whole experience is just going to be overwhelming. You place your order, get a number, and seat yourselves (if you order a cocktail, you can pick it up at the window). I won't tell you about all the tacos, because honestly they were all delicious and sometimes when you shove so many tacos in your face, you can't tell which was which because the meat melts together.Chili House Chorizo "Fondito" - Make no mistake. This is worth it. If you've ever had the Virginia classic "heart attack dip" this is it. A bowl of queso cheese, with chorizo mixed in. I Die. **NOTE. The couple ahead of us told us that they couldn't finish this dish between 4 people, and I call bullshit. We finished it with 2 of us, and still ate 6 tacos.Now here's the only negative thing (and it's only a fake negative). I ordered a margarita, and I basically got a solo cup of tequila. I mean I got *hammered*. I like to booze as much as the next lady, but I was not prepared for that. A little more mix would have been nice. I mean for the love of god it was dinnertime! Was it delicious? Yes. Did I eat so much that I was uncomfortable in jeans for another 2 days? ALSO YES. I don't even know what else to say, other than you should eat there and love it, and then name your first born after me for recommending it.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,5/19/2014,64,208,,6,4>We love spending an afternoon at the State Farmers Market browsing fresh produce, baked breads, honey, herbs, and other delicious delights. Most vendors will offer samples of their wares and are more than happy to chat about the origins and background if their specialties.There are several buildings on the grounds. One is completely outdoors but covered with a warehouse sort of roof in the event of rain. This is where you'll find fresh fruits & veggies, flowers, bread and other rotating items. (For instance, during the holidays, there was a firewood, Christmas tree and hot chocolate vendor.)The adjacent indoor area features old-fashioned candy, soaps, flags, crafts, baked goods, cheese and canned items. This is a fantastic resource for NC branded gifts.Conveniently, there is an ATM between the two buildings!There are also several restaurants on the grounds - the Farmer's Market Restaurant serves awesome breakfasts.  It's the round building up on the hill.  There is also a smaller seafood restaurant right beside the indoor building.There is parking between the two buildings but it can get filled up pretty quickly and because cars pull in to load, there is often a backup. We usually park right in front of the outdoor building, closest to Lake Wheeler Road.Great prices, fresh food, friendly folks... it doesn't get any better than that!
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2013,5/18/2014,38,83,,8,4>I love beer, and I love this place. They don't have everything that's made, but it feels pretty darn close! Terrific draft selection, heavy on the high gravity beers that are popular right now: IPAs, Imperials, and great selection of both European and North American Belgiums. What impressed me most was the variety of what was available in those categories (and I'm sure there were other categories, but obviously you notice what you drink). Founders Breakfast Stout, Rogue Imperial Stout, 21st Amendment Baltic Porter, and several others ALL on draft. At least 6 terrific American Micro IPAs on draft. I had a grapefruit heavy IPA that was amazing, along with a couple of nice stouts and one of my favorite beers: Delirium Tremens. They sample almost anything, so if you are unsure, try before you buy.It may seem strange at first to "meet for dinner" at a place that does not serve food, but that turned out to be the best part. We were meeting friends there; we wanted sushi; they did not. WOB has a great menu from a local delivery service so you can sit down, order your first beer, then call in an order that will be at your table in half an hour. Or, as we did, call in an order to Cowfish or YardBird in the same building and go pick it up when it's ready. It was great to be able to just sit and enjoy whatever we wanted for dinner.Our waitress was super attentive and helpful, didn't seem bothered by our completely inappropriate conversation, and seemed to know quite a bit about her beers. The only complaint I have about the whole experience is the music. It's a little loud, a very strange mix for the microbrew crowd (current Miley-type pop mixed with random House of Pain and other 80's tunes) and let's face it: I'm old and just don't care to sit in noisy restaurants anymore. Also, some of the pours are a little pricey. You're going to pay minimum $6 a draft, and quite a few of the pours are 10oz, which they do not specify in the menu. You just have to know that if you are ordering a belgian or imperial that it's not coming in a pint glass. Inflation sucks, I guess.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,5/17/2014,83,162,1,7,5>I LOVE that Morrisville has a very respectable Vietnamese place so that we don't have to trek to Raleigh.  And frankly, it's very good.  At first, I was a little hesitant because my favorite dish is bun and here it is served in a shallow plate- rather than the bowl that I've always had elsewhere.  It took a trip or two to get past that and try some varieties until I found exactly what I liked the most. Between my husband and I, we've tried all of the following and the more we visit, the more we enjoy the food. Crispy Shrimp RollsSummer RollsBahn MiBun: Pork, Spring Rolls, Saigon SpecialPho: FiletShaken BeefPapaya/beef saladseveral daily specialsEgg Noodle SoupFish dishI usually ask for more lettuce and or basil/sprouts to go with my Bun.  I love the freshness it provides the charred meat and salty, sweet sauce.  I'm super happy to have a reliably good spot so close to home!
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2013,5/16/2014,62,93,,10,5>A great coffeehouse/cafe with a great story. Servers are friendly and attentive, and the space is well designed to accommodate the typical coffeehouse mix of working students, business meetings, and gatherings of friends. I had black coffee, half decaf, which my server made sure was never empty, and a really delicious breakfast burrito (egg, black beans, cheese, pico de gallo) with a side of perfectly prepared, crispy, seasoned home fries. The portions were huge, but I gave it the ol' college try. I also noticed some really lovely bakery items in the case as I left - good thing I didn't see those BEFORE I had breakfast! (Then again, breakfast dessert is one of my favorite meals...)I've heard positive reviews of Beyu ("be you") for several years now, and I'm so glad I finally made it there. It was definitely worth the drive from Raleigh to Durham!
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,5/15/2014,70,129,2,6,4>Sooooooo good!  I went for the first time for a girls night out and I am so glad we chose this place.  First if you didn't know about it you might not ever know.  It's tucked away on Blount Street away from the hustle and bustle of the downtown area.  I would highly recommend reservations because it is a small place and doesn't seat very many.  It's first come first serve at the bar.  We didn't make reservations and were told it would be at least an hour for a table and maybe half an hour for the bar.  Luckily someone canceled their reservations and we were able to get a table sooner.  When we sat down we were immediately told about the food and drinks.  We had a hard time deciding on what we wanted to eat because it all sounded delicious.  I decided on the tagliatelle while my friends split a few small plates one of which was the sweetbreads.  My pasta was delicious!!!  The pasta is homeade and the flavors went so well together.  I tried the sweetbreads as well as the other two small plates and each one was equally as scrumptious.  I could have eaten the sweetbreads all night.  We were also able to try the oysters which had a great flavor to them.  At the end we were treated to a dessert of apple pie which was like a bread pudding accompanied by a side of rosemary ice cream.  I was a little wary of the ice cream but it turned out to be a fabulous combination.  Needless to say we rolled out of Stanbury full and happy.  I would highly recommend this place.  It is definitely worth the price of the food.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,5/14/2014,42,129,1,9,3>Everyone raves about Bida Manda and I finally decided to see what all the hype is about! It is no hype, this place is the genuine, real deal. I stopped in for restaurant week. They offered a $30 3-course menu with a lot of strong options.Before I tell you how awe-inspiring the food is, I have to sing praises for the exceptional service. The best whole restaurant service I have ever seen. The hostesses were more than pleasant, our waitresses phenomenal, the back of the house had our plates perfectly done and ready at appropriate times AND the owners were constantly milling about lending a hand.  It seemed like they take a lot of care in their hiring choices. The food was also incredible. I started with a Lao sausage stuffed pepper, had the green papaya salad with prime rib and a coconut custard for dessert. Every bite was delicious and the green papaya salad will remain in my dreams. Everyone at my table was pleased and the meal ended with a unanimous "We will be back."While a little pricey for my average, "I don't feel like cooking night." It will be in strong rotation for date night or other meet ups with friends.It has a nice waiting area for those waiting for a table but I would strongly recommend a reservation!
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,5/13/2014,81,795,3,9,6>Rocket Fizz is exactly the place to visit when the sugar craving strikes.In a store already complete with old-time candy and various flavors of saltwater taffy, Rocket Fizz also has an equally impressive selection of sodas.  For both, customers can pick favorites, single serve, or by the pound for the taffy or by the bottle for the soda.   For the sodas, there are brands from all over, including Cheerwine, and Coke and Pepsi from Mexico, and some of Rocket Fizz' own brand.  All are bottled, a must for those like me who think bottled sodas taste better.  The nice thing is that all flavors are available for the same price, but you can make your own four or six or more-pack, even a case, with a slightly lower price depending on the size.  This is ideal because there are more than a few I'd like to try.Some flavors looked interesting, like the chocolate, but others -- eh -- not so much; something about peanut butter soda just doesn't sound appealing.  And the corn soda? maybe.Rocket fizz is retro -- from the soda, to the candy, to the small toys and games, and posters on the wall.  The full size Batman figure at the front of the store is somewhat unnerving, but sets the tone.Rocket fizz is all about a fun trip back in time, or a good way to introduce your palate, or that of the kids, to something you or perhaps your parents enjoyed way back when.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,5/12/2014,61,56,2,9,5>Somehow I lived in Raleigh for 4.5 years without making it to Lucky 32! My fiance's birthday fell on a Monday this year, so I made a reservation at Lucky 32 for a low key, intimate weeknight birthday dinner and it was just perfect.The atmosphere and decor is relaxed, warm and perfect for a one on one date. I had a reservation for 7pm but I probably didn't need one - the restaurant was not full. Our server was really helpful and did just fine, but was clearly working on his timing and tempo.I ordered a Bell's Two Hearted (they did have a nice beer selection) and my fiance ordered an Old Fashion followed by a Dark and Stormier - both were good, the Old Fashioned was better. The Voodoo Pig Bread on the appetizer menu is no joke. This pulled pork smothered bread was so good, I could have stopped before the entrees and been happy. Definitely a can't miss item.Josh had the chicken and dumplings off their seasonal menu (another nice feature - seems to change quarterly). He was happy with his, but on top of the heavy appetizer he was very full!I ordered the pulled pork with voodoo sauce, which came with three sides. I had macaroni and cheese (good but very mild, not very sharp cheese), collard greens (awesome!) and cornbread (would not order again). This pulled pork was SO GOOD. I would rather eat this pulled pork than The Pit's. I feel like it takes a lot to really blow me away in pulled pork, being in central/eastern NC where we're surrounded by awesome pulled pork. This is THE best. Can't stop thinking about it. Will definitely be returning just for this pulled pork.I had noted that is was my fiance's birthday on my Open Table reservation. We declined dessert but our server brought out a free slice of peanut butter pie with a candle - so nice! Even though we were stuffed we HAD to make room for this pie - really delicious but HUGE!This is  the place I will bring family next time they are in town - I feel like everyone will find something they love on this menu. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,5/11/2014,83,168,1,10,6>A very cool place to grab a drink on a nice day. While the store itself isn't huge, it does feature a bar and several areas to drink inside. But when the weather is nice definitely take advantage of the nice weather and take your drink to the patio to socialize and enjoy the sun!The guy who helped me find a cider to drink was very nice, and offered me lot of suggestion. While not everything is kept cold, they are more than happy to chill something if you're heart is set on drinking it right then. Prices are also more in line with purchasing a bottle at a store rather than the up-charged bar price. I enjoyed a great cider for $3, which is a steal considering a pint is usually $5 or $6 at a normal bar.All in all I have a feeling I will be back to Tasty soon! I can't wait for another nice day to enjoy a drink on their patio!
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,6/25/2010,40,55,3,5,6>I think this may be my favorite place in Durham.  Why?  Let me list the ways:1.  Saturday berliners with that amazing strained raspberry jam filling.  divine.2.  Each coffee cup comes w a (secret!) tiny shortbread cookie.3.  The standard omelets, fresh salads, granola with yogurt, fruit cup, bread basket are available and always delicious so all parties are pleased.4.  I love salad nicoise in the morning.The end.  They win!  (and so does my stomach)
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2010,6/24/2010,135,254,3,13,8>"Non-profit bicycle workspace/ sales!"Tired of the high prices of bikes in the area?  Don't know how to fix your rusty clunker and want some help and parts?  The Durham Bike Co-op is exactly what you need!We discovered this place at the Earth Day festivities last weekend, and promptly visited the "store" the next day.  It's not a "store", though they will sell you a fixed-up bike if you want to do that.  Instead, you can come, donate a couple of hours of time, and then have a "membership" where you can fix up your own bike and use their many donated parts/ supplies as well as tapping into the expertise of the many other folks there.  No previous mechanical experience necessary- they have the tools and will show you what you can do.  If you don't feel like volunteering but just want to get your bike fixed, you can pay a small fee (WAY less than you'd pay at a local store).The facility is in a rather sketchy neighborhood, but they have a VERY impressive number of bikes of all sizes and types, as well as TONS of bike accessories.  It's hard to imagine you couldn't find something to suit your desires at this place.The help we got from "Walt" on our visit was outstanding- he outfitted both my son and I with new-to-us bikes, set up exactly as we wanted them and fitting our needs (mine was a mountain bike, his was a kids' bike), for ~$80, and that came with 2 memberships for the year so we can come there and use parts/ accessories.Their hours are very limited (Sundays 1-6pm, and I think Thursday nights), and the facility can be a little crowded and a little chaotic, but it's fantastic for anyone who wants to get a cheap bike or fix up their current bike without breaking the bank.  Highly recommend it.  You can also find them on FaceBook.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/10/2010,6/23/2010,69,172,4,4,3>Where to take your too-cool-for-school Brooklynite brother and his girlfriend when they are in town for a unique experience? Father & Sons, that's where!When I first went to this place, I couldn't get over how BIG it was! It seemed to go on (and up) forever. I, personally, have not bought anything from this place yet. I think there is just so much and it's a lot to take in--tons of clothes, furniture, old cameras, post cards, art, books, you name it. There's also little novelty do-dads like silly magnets that are made to look retro, etc. It's a fun place to kill some time, and I've even been there during a First Friday event with a live Bluegrass band in the front room and wine and cheese on the very top floor, which is an art gallery.A warning if you use the bathroom, there isn't a sink! You have to use the hand sanitizer. Kind of caught me off guard. It does seem a bit too hip for me, but I get over it quickly enough when I start digging through all the treasure that's to be found. It's definitely a neat place to return to time and again.
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,6/22/2010,611,755,10,10,7>"Sir, watch out but that soup is really hot... "  Famous last words with typically the same end result for me: delicious tom yum soup in my stomach and 2nd degree burns inside my mouth!  I finally got to check out Spize Cafe for lunch today.  Last month I had stepped into the place and quickly stepped back out due to, yeah I'll admit it, the lack of Asians in the restaurant!  You know how one knows a place is authentic when you've got patrons who come from that cuisine's country?  So I didn't see any of my brothers (or sisters) in Spize Cafe on my first attempt.  Not even behind the counter!  But I took a Taste Carolina tour and met the owner who's definitely the real deal and from SF, game on!Spize Cafe is a very mod and environmentally sound lunch spot.  Lots of woods, whites and chrome, a nice looking space.  Order up front, grab your drink and wait for your food to be brought out to you.  The menu is a mix of Thai and Vietnamese, very cool!  I did a pork loin baguette and the earlier mentioned tom yum soup.  Service was quick and pleasant, I had my food out in 5 or 10 minutes.  Loved the sandwich, it came with a side of cucumber salad, greens and jalapenos.  Spicy, salty and tasty, I'm pretty sure they use La Farm bread which was awesome.  The tom yum soup was also great, lots of mushroom and chicken in a sour/spicy broth.  Spize Cafe seals the deal by using ecologically friendly (made of corn) utensils, trays and bowls, very cool.  And the ingredients used are certainly high quality and local.  However, there's gotta be a price for all this goodness, you'll probably spend at least $10+ for lunch.  But you know what?  It's a great little ethnic find in downtown Raleigh and worth the extra money.  So check out Spize Cafe the next time you're up for some Thai and Vietnamese yumminess!
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2010,6/21/2010,18,62,7,6,13>The Cat Hospital is a meowrifficly high class establishment.  Check out the "biggest loser" cat on their website!  What a fancy cat.  If such a fancy cat goes to this place, I'm sure you'd agree your fancy cat should too.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,6/20/2010,64,264,,9,5>We stumbled upon this new establishment by accident. From the outside, it's an unassuming restaurant with a few picnic tables scattered out front, much of the building obscured by large bushes. However, the inside is simply but cutely decorated; angler and fishing magazines are pasted in collages on the walls, colourful blackboards post the Catch of the Day, and tables are covered in checkered cloths.Customers walk up to the window to pay, and the staff calls out your number when your order is ready. I would say we waited about 10 minutes for our catfish basket to arrive, so service was pretty fast at prime dinnertime hours. The three pieces of fried catfish arrived with only a thin coating of breading (which I like) and were hot, tender, and moist. The fries were a little on the salty side but still decent. The side of pinto beans were spicy and hearty, but vegetarians take note: they were cooked with some kind of pork product. To finish, we had a slice of bourbon pecan pie topped with whipped cream. The pie was definitely homemade in the sense that it looked a little messy and didn't hold together very well, but it was a pretty good rendition and hit the sweet spot.Overall, the best part of the meal was what you would expect it to be-- the fish. For $8.95 including 2 sides, and a slice of pie for $2.95, two small eaters will go home pretty satisfied. Most of the menu items are fried, so I can't vouch for the quality of the grilled items, but I'm looking forward to returning so that I can try more of the Fish Shack fare.
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2010,6/19/2010,15,207,,5,4>First a little on Six Plates' whole system:  A pal and I went here during Triangle Restaurant Week.  I called before I went to make a reservation, not knowing how the Six Plates worked.  The lady who answered the phone explained to me the layout of the restaurant and their system of ordering, which was very very helpful.  There's also discreet (too discreet?) signage upon entering that tells you to order at the bar, but I can imagine it's easy to miss.  So yeah first-timers, order at the bar, then grab a seat.  Your food will be delivered as it's prepared.Now on to the food:  Emphasis on local, always awesome.  We tried the softshell crab, arugula salad, sliders, beef tenderloin, the flatbread, and the strawberry shortcake.  All were tasty, but the softshell crab and the tenderloin really stood out.  The crab was basically perfect, and the tenderloin was paired with a spicy, creamy, cool potato salad that was great.  The sliders were really yummy.  The arugula leaves were huge and hard to eat sitting on a couch but tasted good, the flatbread was quite salty.  The shortcake was great, nice and biscuit-y, but could've used more strawberries.  Presentation was nice, and most things were easy enough to eat without a normal table-chairs set up.  Portions are about half-sized, awesome for tasting a lot of things, which is kind of the point.The service:  One of the servers we dealt with was not so warm (cold even), the other was extremely warm, helpful, and friendly.  I guess they balanced each other out, so I won't mark down this time.  Oh and like I said above, the help/guidance before we arrived was great too.And lastly, the wine:  Well, I only tried one wine, from one of the pairings.  It was described well on the menu, and very enjoyable.  Would have loved to try more, especially given the thoughtful list and reasonable prices.  Will save that for another night :)The location is really easy to get to from Chapel Hill/Carrboro.  So another plus for that.  It was not very crowded.
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2010,6/18/2010,31,57,,5,2>Let me start out by saying that I did not even know this place existed. Spectacular ambiance, Delicious food and above average service! the food here, was an experience! for starters we had the she crab soup for appetizer and the split that into 2 bowls for us, and while it was not the best i have ever had it was excellent-very crabby. I had the striped bass- with some type of mushroom and potato cake and a red pepper reduction. Very gourmet and appealing to the eye! Hubby had a filet mignon with a poached egg on top which also sat on a fingerling and roast garlic spinach cake. This was an experience! Amazing! For dessert we shared the keylime pie with fresh blueberries and strawberries-very tart and yummy!cannot wait to go back to try the lobster mac and cheese! evrything on their menu souns awesome!
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/23/2010,6/17/2010,69,760,4,10,10>For starters I have to say I'm somewhat excited about the place but I'm not gushing about it just yet.  Being a newbie to it though, I felt kind of rushed to make a decision at the cash register about what I wanted to order.  I'd never seen the menu before and I was trying to peruse through it to get an idea of what they had.  I was, however, greeted by a very friendly person at the register who suggested the "Cuban" sandwich.  This ended up being a good choice for me.  That was when the questions started - what do I want with it.  I had no idea because I didn't understand, just yet, what came with the sandwich.  I was trying to find the small print that explained all of that and I finally just settled on taking a salad that cost me an extra $1.50.  I tucked the take out menu away to bring with me.About 5 minutes went by and my sandwich came up.  In the meantime, I'm guessing it was one of the owners who came out to make some conversation with me.  He explained that he did his best to get all of his produce locally at the farmers market in order to support local growers.  I thought that was really cool!  He was a very personable guy and as I was leaving he made sure to say goodbye.Now the sandwich was okay, could have gone a little lighter on the dijonaise but it was still tasty.  Being that I'm a big guy (around) with a big appetite, it just wasn't filling (specifically just for me).  Maybe next time I'll see if I can order double meat.  I've also never had cuban flat bread so i wasn't sure what to expect.The place was clean - very clean.  It was bright inside, partly due to lighting, partly due to the paint on the walls.I'm going to spend a little time with the menu before I go back.  Be assured, though, I will be back.  A Solid 3.5, and hopefully the next visit will be easier for me and I'll feel more comfortable raising the rating.  My expectations may have been too high on the front end based on a number of the initial reviews, but then again, there's nothing wrong with setting the bar at a high level.  See y'all soon, I'm looking forward to it.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2010,6/16/2010,85,119,5,9,6>Will the owner of this gym run for Mayor already?  Finally a business around here that "gets it".    After  being disappointed with half of the merchants in this town, I was impressed with the Road to Fitness.   Free weights or machines for strength training? Luckily, this gym has both.  It's a small gym that packs a punch with top of the line cardio equipment  treadmills, ellipticals, bikes - you name it.  Believe it or not, they offer spinning, yoga, and aerobic classes.  I'm not even sure how they manage to do this...but childcare is available for some classes.   Some Saturdays they let those interested in joining  work out for free from 8am to Noon.    The only thing missing in this gym is a steam room a la LA FITNESS style and maybe more square footage but that might be asking a little much ;)   I thank the good lord we have this gym in town because if it wasn't, I'd be traveling as far as 15 miles out to get my "fitness" on....
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,7/24/2012,64,257,8,9,5>THE LUNCH BUFFET. I have found perfection.Today - a Tuesday, nothing special, no holiday - the SKB buffet offered, in addition to around 10 main choices, pakora, dahi vada, hot fresh naan, and an ethereal mango mousse along with two other sweets, plus dosa! The baingan bharta was sublime buttery smokiness; the methi balanced creamy with bitter-freshness;  the guth vankay (aka gutti vankaya) brought the spice paired with silky eggplant goodness. Added bonus: When we walked up to the buffet, one of the waitstaff was explaining to a customer which dishes are vegan-friendly!This is my new standard, right here. My only question is how on earth do they up their game for the weekend buffet (usually the star in the buffet show)? Is there dancing? Ayurvedic massage with the meal? A free pony? I don't know, but I plan to find out as soon as I have enough room in my stomach to feast again.
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2012,7/23/2012,168,723,2,4,3>Several firsts here for me:First Local Review of 2012First Time at this restaurant and -First Time eating BBQ SPAGHETTI!After reading Yelp reviews about this restaurant I went with my elderly parents.  We arrived around 4:45 pm and were the only patrons.  Our server was very cordial as was the owner Vernon, who came out and spoke with us as well.I ordered the nightly special - the bbq spaghetti.  Loved it!  Great combination of their red bbq sauce and pieces of pork bbq covering a generous portion of spaghetti.  Sauce had just the right amount of spice - not too hot but enough to get your attention.Both parents ordered a pulled bbq plate with slaw and sweet potatoes.  Dad being a devotee of the Barbecue Lodge didn't like this version of bbq as much and didn't like the slaw at all.Owner Vernon is a Duke fan, which made my Dad happy.  Made Dad even happier when Vernon told him he had reserved seating for Carolina fans and pointed to the one table outside.The restaurant serves breakfast lunch & dinner.  Back wall was done with the blackboard paint so the daily specials and sides are in plain view of all.  Other nice touches were playing cards that were used to designate the table numbers and classic Johnny Cash CDs playing in the background.I plan to visit again sans elderly Barbecue Lodge loving parents.
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2012,7/22/2012,45,521,,9,3>Yum. Yum yum yum. As another reviewer noted, Durham continues to impress with its variety and consistently excellent restaurants, and this is one of those hidden gems that is just far enough from the bustling downtown core to take a bit of looking. But oh, it's worth it.I opted for a fairly pedestrian "Cuban" sandwich, and it was definitely in the top-10 sandwiches I've ever had -- and that praise doesn't come lightly as I have eaten real Cuban sandwiches in Cuba.The price is right, the service came with a smile and the big glass windows are perfect for people-watching. A win-win in my books!
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,7/21/2012,30,91,,4,4>I'm so thankful to have something as cool as the Morehead Planetarium right around the corner from me!  It was a rainy, dreary Sunday afternoon, so we decided to go to a 2:30 showing.  It turned out to be a show about black holes!  They managed to take an otherwise sort of terrifying concept and make it almost entertaining and sort of light-hearted (it was narrated by Geoffrey Rush of Pirates of the Caribbean fame).  My 14 month old made it through more than half of the show before I think it became too visually stimulating for his little guy eyes.  I'm not sure I am thankful that I know more about event horizon and singularity, freaky stuff...though, still pretty amazing!!  I want to do one of their guided Jordan Lake NC night sky tours this summer some time.  Yeah, they do those.  Cool, right?!
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,7/20/2012,43,197,1,7,4>I drive by The Borough all of the time, but never remember it when the husband and I are looking for  a place to eat.  Finally, we did remember and decided to give it a try before seeing a show at the Memorial Auditorium.  Not that it mattered at all to us, but I did notice this is a Gay/Lesbian hangout.  I only say something b/c I did see one couple who clearly noticed after they ordered and sat looking uncomfortable the rest of their meal.  It was rather entertaining to my husband and I:-)They have an okay beer and wine list. It's not extensive, but has enough variety that you should find something you like on it.  The food was delicious though!  We ordered the mac and cheese to share, for an appetizer and it was awesome!  For dinner, I ordered the UberWisconsin, which is a "grown up" grilled cheese.  It comes with three cheeses and tomato on Sourdough.  I also added Avocado and stuck with fries as a side.  My husband got the French Dip and it was really tasty as well.The service was good, but rather slow.  There were only two employees working and they were covering all of the tables and the bar.
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,7/19/2012,294,288,4,10,6>No!...NO! Do not roll your eyes and say, "What, K&W Cafeteria?" Yes, K&W, that's my next review. I am a fan of this institution. If you want some good ol' Southern cookin' or plain ol' comfort food, this regional standby is where you get your fix. I found myself swinging in this past weekend, and it's still as comforting as ever. Maybe I wax nostalgic from it being an almost every Sunday ritual as a small boy growing up near Winston-Salem, hitting the one on Coliseum Dr after church...or maybe from my college days at UNC in Chapel Hill, hitting it at University Mall for a good meal for a damn good low price (read: poor college student budget). I still dig it.A long line of wonderful traditional and Southern entrees await you each time. You gotta admit, you can find something for every taste in that line moving along, from fish to chicken to beef and everything in between. One of my standby faves from here has always been their Chicken Pan Pie. They give you so much it covers the whole plate, and tastes wonderful (but nobody makes Chicken Pot Pie better than my mother, sorry K&W). They do a good chopped steak as well. Another long line of veggies after your entrees (if you didn't want any of the salads that started the line), then breads (the lightest and best biscuits, yum and yum), desserts, drinks (yes, sweet tea please). You get your bill after you piled up all your selections every time one of those fine, hard workin' women ask "Can I he'p you?" each time you reach their station. You pay as you leave after eating but you get your totaled receipt upon exiting the selection line and head out to nab a table. The staff do well with tray collection and keeping the tea and water coming.Recently I got two meat entrees (yes, that was 2 entrees...don't judge), veggies, biscuit, dessert (man o'man that is some GOOD chocolate cream pie, but again not as good as my mother's!), Jello (as the saying goes, there's always room for Jello), and sweet tea for 12 bucks. I doubt you can go many places today and get ONE entree and the fixins for 12 bucks, much less TWO. Bottom line: K&W is still some good eatin' and at a good price. Nothing fancy, but good ol' comfort food when you need it.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,7/18/2012,170,196,,11,6>I wish I had a place like this to go to when I was little, I LOVE this park. It is always crowded, and there are always kids EVERYWHERE, but that doesn't bother me here because I feel like a kid myself when I come.  I know it's newly renovated, but I never saw it before the renovations so I can't really comment on how much better it looks than before, but I can say that I have never been so impressed with a park before.  When you walk in you see the ticket counter where you can buy tickets to ride the train, the carousel, and the paddle boats.  There is a beautiful cafe that offers an extensive menu, and nice, clean bathrooms.  There is a beautiful pavilion that houses the carousel and the horses are all new and fresh.  As a child, I would have gone crazy over this place!  Past the entrance off to the right is where the playground is located, and that place is always bombarded with screaming children.  The train is located near the playground and takes you around a nice little tour of the park for only $1.  There is a path that wraps around the lake for those who wish to take a leisurely stroll.I go to Pullen Park on Wednesdays to participate in the Raleigh Hoop Jam Drum Circle.  If you haven't heard of it or attended one before, I would recommend checking it out.  There are people everywhere doing hula hooping, dancing, and of course, playing the drums.  I have literally seen people of all ages, everyone is welcome, and Pullen Park is a gracious host.  It is located up at the gazebos.I can say that I am happy that some of my tax dollars went to renovating Pullen Park. This is one of the few instances where I can actually see my money being put to good use and people are really enjoying it. Check it out! Whether you have kids or not, this is a cool place to hang out!
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,7/17/2012,139,155,,8,4>Things to remember about the Wilmoore:1. They have Salted Belgium Chocolate Chip Cookies. Freakin' incredible. Like best chocolate chip cookie in Raleigh.2. They're only open for dinner Thursday - Saturday. Not open at all on Sundays, but they are open during the day now on Saturdays.3. They have fun, music-centric, low-key trivia nights on Thursdays. Prizes are the chocolate chip cookies. Seriously, winning is the best thing ever.4. The storefront nooks are the BEST for people watching.This place is my new favorite downtown cafe. After visiting for the Yelp PJ party, I've come back a few times and been pleased every time. They have everything it takes to make me happy-- awesome, awesome coffees, amazing cookies (had to say it again), a portabello mushroom bahn mi that's out of this world, housemade chips and local brews. They even have tiny bottles of bubbly if you're feeling fancy. Apparently they also have awesome biscuits, but I haven't made it for breakfast yet. Only thing that I've tried that wasn't good was the turkey sub-- may be smart to stick to the toasty side of the menu. Also, don't be disturbed by the people loitering outside of the bus station, it feels very safe and comfortable once you're inside. Seriously, give this cafe a try!
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2012,7/16/2012,83,93,11,8,8>Yep. I gave a Chinese buffet named China Buffet five freakin' stars. But let's be clear - my ratings are based on context. Does China Buffet's quality compare with that of fine dining establishment? Heck no! But as far as Chinese Buffets go, this place is one of my favorites. Ever.I admit that I like "bad" sushi. It's been incredibly distressing that I've yet to find a place that perfectly mimics my go-to all-you-can-eat not so "great" but decently solid sushi place back in Tucson. Seriously Durham, you're supposed to be a foodie town! Where the medicore American-ized sushi at?We decided to give China Buffet a shot because we were feeling adventurous and I like to play food poisoning roulette from time to time. Also, we had a coupon. Lo and behold, I was in Buffet Heaven (not to be confused with actual Heaven - context, remember?).  They even have Diet Pepsi - my favorite!The spicy crab rolls tasted just like the spicy crab rolls I was used to. The coconut shrimp is tasty. There are aisles and aisles of food that probably has things in it that you don't want to think about but my god, it's good. Well it's actually bad, but you know what I mean.So in summation, I endorse China Buffet. As far as Chinese buffets go.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,7/15/2012,41,135,,5,3>I am in their culinary program and have enjoyed it so far. The faculty work hard and care about their students. The facilities and supplies are pretty good - bring your own knifes and scale, as expected.  They are hardcore about their uniform requirements, so just expect those extra costs. I have found the quality and quantity of the education to be a good value, as well as an enjoyable experience to boot!I also have had good experiences dealing with the admin. staff and found it much easier to get things done here than at NCSU. I have been happy and satisfied with my decision to take classes here and am looking forward to taking more classes in the future. The biggest drawbacks are the location and unless you are there early, the parking can be a pain. I have not had to deal with the bookstore but some of my classmates had problems getting their supplies in time.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2011,4/13/2012,154,244,2,9,5>Bread-n-Kabob definitely lives up to the hype.I went for an early dinner and decided to partake in the buffet because at $7.99, it's a great deal and I wanted to try a little bit of everything.And a little bit of everything I certainly had, which included plain basmati rice, spinach basmati rice, chickpeas, green beans, spinach, ground beef with lima beans, a curried chicken, and bread, of course!I think the two meat options really stole the show. While the meatless options were good, I think I would have been disappointed if my diet restricted me to only those. That said, my husband is a vegetarian and absolutely loved everything he had.The bread is soft and delicious (a kind of hybrid between naan and a saltine cracker), and the sauces are amazing (there's a red chili one, a green cilantro one, and then one that's like pico de gallo-- please excuse my ignorance of the Afghan name for it).  I filled up my sauce cups AND went back for more.I can confirm what other reviewers mentioned about a lot of the dishes being very oily. I had trouble finagling my scoops of chicken so that I could get more chicken and sauce than oil, and think a slotted spoon would help a lot.I really wanted to try the rice pudding, but was too full from seconds! Next time, B & K, next time.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2011,4/12/2012,198,565,6,12,8>"I'm Bored," she said, "Entertain me." This was how I was coerced into dinner tonight. We were just trying to find something to do on a boring Tuesday night, and what could be better than Sushi?![Location] Truly a rough but great find. Took me about 10 minutes to realized it was sitting in Shoppes of Kildaire, among Trader Joe's, Gold's Gym, and Frozen Yogurt. I have not been to this shopping center for a long time now, and was pretty amazed at the renovation they have done. The new design actually allow some patio seating for a great weather day such as this.[Menu] Yuri offers very extensive selections: you can pick your appetizers from the familiar menu like Calamari and Edamame, or maybe some light sashimi or salad from the sushi bar; Lunch menu offers the traditional lunch box, or rice bowl and noodle soups; What really surprised me was the dinner menu, which has your regular hibachi and teriyaki and tempura, but also have Korean barbeque (Bulgolgi) and Sukiyaki! Really? Sukiyaki? That remind me of home flavors. The sushi rolls menu is pretty extensive too. Mostly rolls you will find elsewhere, but also include some pretty ingenious creation like the SEX ON THE BEACH ROLL! Yes you read it right. Your favorite mixed drink now finds its way into a sushi menu! (Tuna, Yellow tail, Eel, 3 kinds of Caviar on top of California Roll)[Taste] Tonight we have chose to go with sushi rolls: Snow crab roll, Wasabi roll (Spicy Tuna, Spicy Salmon, Crab Meat, Masago, wrapped in Soy Paper. Spicy Mayo, Wasabi Mayo) and yes, sex on the beach roll! The meat was really fresh, and the blend of taste was really excellent. I love the mix of spicy mayo and wasabi mayo on a roll, pack a nice punch, but just sweet enough to make the sushi very palatable.[After-Thought] I will definitely have to get back here for the Sukiyaki.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,4/11/2012,94,149,,7,6>I always get nervous when a date asks me to pick the restaurant as I consider myself a foodie and want to pick a place that is both trendy and comfortable. I desperately wanted to try something new that had a casual atmosphere and moderate prices. Moonlight pizza definitely exceeded my expectations and I would highly recommend it for a casual dinner or lunch and as a great place to take a first date. To start, the outdoor seating area is by far one of the best in Raleigh. It has two levels of patios and tt lends itself to a very relaxed atmosphere in a setting that is pulled off from the street as to not bombard patrons with the noise of traffic or distractions of pedestrians walking by. Although we ate outdoors, the indoor seating manages to be both trendy and welcoming. I will definitely be returning just to have a drink at the bar and take a further look at the decor and artwork that is contributed by local artists.The beer list is satisfactory. I found, like many other local raleigh restaurants, the price of their local and specialty beers were too high to rationalize having more than one. However, they did have several domestic bottles on special. I started with a half portion of the caesar which was a great portion for a starter salad. The salad was good but the dressing did not exceed any expectations. The true star of my meal was the incredible calzone and the exceptional service. I was struggling to choose between one of the delicious sounding specialty calzones or strombolis; however, I was deterred because of the "no substitutions" on the specialty menu items. However, when I asked the waiter for help he was more than willing to accommodate my additions.I ordered the Mezaluna calzone which has pine nuts, basil, gorgonzola, parmesan, and fontina. The waiter suggested that I add chicken and bacon upon which he did not charge me for because it was "his suggestion."  The calzone was absolutely magnificent; the combination of flavors made for the best calzone I have yet to have in Raleigh.Even more impressive was the gigantic size for $11. I had the calzone split in two and left with a hefty portion of leftovers. I definitely look forward to coming back and trying their pizzas. The offerings look absolutely incredible.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,4/10/2012,31,312,2,6,3>Seriously the BEST chinese food I have had in a long time! I went with a group of friends and 6 of us chose to do "family style." Two had been here before, so we asked them to pick the 6 dishes.So, to be honest, I'm not totally sure what we got. But every last dish was amazing. One was a spicy white fish with cabbage, another twice cooked pork perhaps, another "husband and wife lungs" (which was thinly slice beef), another tofu with black beans, another a seafood hotpot with crispy rice cakes, and lastly green beans with tiny dried shrimp/onions. The fish was spicy and flaky, the pork just like soft bacon, the beef flavorful, the tofu silky and tender, the seafood perfectly cooked and seasoned, and the beans just heavenly. I'm not sure if I have to thank the two who order or if everything is just so fantastic that it's difficult to go wrong!Like everyone else has said, the location is pretty hidden but COMPLETELY WORTH IT.
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,4/9/2012,33,73,2,5,5>Rotation List:Grueyere on days when it's cold or I'm feeling cheap, Meatloaf on days I feel like getting fat, 1/2 Whichburger on Thursday nights, and Rotisserie chicken with 1/2 off bottle of wine on Saturdays with friends. All the other items are on days when I feel like being different. Nothing has failed to please so far; well maybe the ridiculous line that you may find during peak lunch hour, but it's worth the wait as long as you're not in a bind.Oh, and the tuna is not canned. Every item on the menu has its merits; just depends on what you're in the mood for. Just lovely.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,4/8/2012,66,61,2,7,4>Dr. Bishop and her staff are great - I try to recommend them to everyone looking for a dentist in the Chapel Hill/Durham area. I really feel they're the epitome of what a dentist should be.I've never waited any longer than 5 minutes in the waiting room at Dr. Bishop's (if at all). The hygienists and staff are always friendly, and their top priority is ensuring you're comfortable during cleanings and any dental work. It's the little things, but I'm always assigned the same hygienist and she remembers bits and pieces of things we've spoken about in the past - a nice touch. Dr. Bishop and her dad, Dr. Steve are both friendly, very professional and do an excellent job.Highly recommended. Dr. Bishop and her staff really take any worry out of dentist visits.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,4/6/2012,10,48,,4,3>Hey this place was quite a surprise. From the looks of the outside of the building, standing a block or so from the Raleigh Farmer's Market (which is pretty great), I expected a Denny's style experience in an even older building. Not so! You enter and it's bright, colorful and full of character. Huge murals on the walls reminded me of The Land exhibit at EPCOT in Florida.  The food is homespun and incredible fresh and tasty since it's provided primarily from the market next door. The downside was service. Nobody's coming here for the wait staff, I can tell you...  And that's not a criticism about looks.  Along with the country style breakfast focus, you get a country style ornery waitress that seems to be annoyed that you've entered her establishment. Slow, late, unhelpful.  But, I'd absolutely go back. I mean, a bit of American Gothic sort of completes the feel, I guess.  :)Definitely a unique place to visit here in the Triangle.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2012,4/5/2012,127,386,2,10,7>My favorite place to go for Chinese groceries or quick Chinese lunch food / pastries in the Triangle.They have a great selection of food at the food court (better than a lot of Chinese restaurants in the Triangle!), and a wide array of other Chinese goodies, such as steamed buns with all sorts of fillings (my favorite is the one with a quail egg), pretty good bubble tea (I like their red bean or mango), tasty dou hua (tofu pudding - sweet or salty / spicy), egg tarts (my favorite pastry), cakes (nice and soft and not too sweet), and much more.For the most part, the groceries are pretty well priced, and they have a lot of things (meats, spices, condiments) a typical grocery store won't carry.The pricing for the food court, however, has gotten to be pricey.  It's still a pretty decent deal, though.  I enjoy their Chinese BBQ pork and duck that hangs from the display case.  You can also get a to-go box with rice and a selection of 3 dishes that are on display.  The nice thing about that is you get to see what you're ordering, so you can know what to expect.  All the dishes are pretty good - I haven't had one I didn't like.  The food court and bakery are cash only, however. This place is always bustling with people, so you know that they must be doing something right.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2011,4/4/2012,42,129,,4,4>Qué rica! Qué deliciosa! Me encanta!!!!Ok, that's enough of that =)Such a gem.  This was formerly known as Hammocks.  It is my understanding an employee bought it and turned it in to Eva's.The friendly staff and drive through make this stop a must!  A little out of the way for RTPers unless you are coming in from 70.  I love stopping in for a skim latte with pumpkin spice syrup.  It puts the behemoth, monopolizing Starbucks to shame.They have mexican hot chocolate, cardomon coffee, café acaramelado and other unique drinks.This place serves a pretty ample lunch offering of wraps and bagel sandwiches. They sometimes also offer Latin inspired soups. Always on the search for a local coffee shop, this place fits the bill! =)
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2011,4/3/2012,69,172,5,10,5>Folks, this is the real deal. I've been craving NY pizza since I left NY two years ago. We usually just settle for Papa John's, because there isn't any point in trying to find something remotely NY style. A couple weeks ago, I couldn't take it. I did not want Pizza Hut or Papa John's or Domino's. I wanted New York pizza! I did a quick Yelp search and this place came up. I had passed it several times before but just figured it was another pizza joint trying to pass itself off as authentic NY. The ratings were good, so we gave it a try. Damn! It's good! We ordered an 18" (ridiculously huge for two people) pie with pepperoni. The crust was near perfect, the sauce had flavor, and the cheese was plentiful. I couldn't believe how good the texture of it was. My husband made the comment that if this place was nearby where we lived in NY, it would be his favorite. This is a big deal, my friends.We ordered another pie last night and I was able to go in and pick it up. The place is clean, the guys at the counter were joking and friendly, and their sanitation score is 99. They even have a few cute tables outside. They also offer gelato and cannoli for dessert. YUM!!  I'm beyond excited. Also, the true test to me - this pizza is fantastic in the morning cold!
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,6/23/2011,61,185,7,7,3>Nothing like having the midday munchies hit JUST as you are passing by this awesome buffet! They have tons of selection here including the Hibachi Grill section and a really good Sushi Bar. My weakness at these buffets are, of all things, the dinner rolls! They are so good! Buttered, oven fresh, and oh so good.I like to start with the Sushi bar to get the ball rolling. Great selection of stuff. I can never remember what they are called or what I had, but I usually go down the line of them and tend to favor anything that is bright and colorful, LOL! Great Sushi Chef they've got here.As for the entree, I'm a huge fan of the General Tso's chicken, bourbon chicken, fried rice, chinese dumplings, pepper chicken (starting to see a pattern) and sesame chicken. They are all cooked to the level you would expect in a sit down and order from the menu restaurant. Of all the chickens, I highly recommend trying the General Tso's if you haven't done so already! Sweet and tangy, yet conservative like a comedic politician, LOL! (Don't ask how I came up with that, it just came to mind). In all seriousness, it is fantastically tastey!The restaurant itself is large and extremely clean. They have a gorgeous oriental type water fountain structure thingy to the right as you walk in to the place. Probably the largest one I've ever seen. The staff is phenomenal and I couldn't help but to notice the really attractive hostesses. I get the feeling my girlfriend will now ban me from going here, LOL!A great dining experience and one of the best buffets I regularly go to!
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,6/22/2011,230,281,8,12,6>// In the style of "Gin and Juice":With so much food in the H-B-CIt's kind of hard being slim in the R-A-LEIGHBut I, somehow, some wayKeep enjoying almost every single entréeFive Points is where hipsters and Raleigh's wealthiest walk alongside one another. Hayes Barton Café (HBC) is where they sit down next to each other on barstools.Everything is big in the HBC from the appetizers to the cake slices. At lunch, you can grab one of the best burgers or sandwiches in Raleigh. At dinner, you can enjoy unique spins on classic American dishes and comfort food (meatloaf and chicken pot pie!). At lunch, feel free to walk in wearing jeans, baseball cap and an orange vest (a la Marty McFly). At dinner, take it up a notch because there will be candles on the table. If you like, brush off that dress or suit jacket and maybe you can socialize with the upper class. Maybe just wear the nice jeans.HBC manages to tastefully feel like a 50s diner without going over-the-top. On a weekend at dinner without reservations (only for parties of 4+), expect a bit of a wait. After that, service is fine and the waitstaff work very hard. You'll get an assortment of bread and your beverage of choice right away (they do have Bad Penny and Caroline Pale Ale bottles, despite the menu). Next time I'll probably try one of their simple cocktails. Be careful with appetizers at dinner, since your main course will be super large, and you probably want to leave room for dessert! I'd recommend a modest cup of soup (the black bean with cheddar was great!). If you have a group though, go for it. Maybe try that crab dip that Ron W. loves so much.I can't wait to try all of the "featured presentations". The chicken pot pie is probably still the best in Raleigh (sorry, PieBird). The specials always look amazing and prepared with love/thought.Whenever they're open, there's a constant flow of cake traffic (i.e. people coming in only to get cake to-go). The bottom line is that HBC does everything that they do very well. Five stars.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,6/21/2011,198,565,1,18,5>I love everything that has monkey on it: I even have a pair of drunken monkey jean with "monkey" in chinese character on the back pocket. When I saw Red Monkey advertised to be opening in Crabtree, I have been lying in wait. The wait is now over.[Location] Sitting in the back corner of Crabtree Valley mall, it's sitting in the same corner as Cheesecake Factory.[Interior] The design of the storefront is very unique; A restaurant  area upstair, with very decorative interior, from the lacquered bar, lounge seating, to the restaurant divider that has rotating decorative "balls," for a lack of better description. Additionally, downstairs there is a sort of patio seating area, also with drink service.[Menu] You can have your regular bar food appetizers and selection of sandwiches, or you can have their unique entrees and specialties meat, poultry, and seafood. The menu is even vegetarian friendly, offering quite a few green plates. Out of them all, we have selected two: BBQ Oyster Po' Boy, and Spicy Duck Enchiladas. Other items that caught my attention were the pulled duck salad, NC style fish and chips (really?) and Lobster BLT (would it be LBLT? sounds kinda like some kind of alternative sexual orientation organization...)[Taste] Fresh oysters with house season rub, lightly grilled, served with mixed greens, habanero pickled tomatoes and spicy mayo sauce, the taste and the texture of the Po' Boy was definitely interesting. The enchiladas, which was FILLED with braised pulled duck meat, with tomatoes, onions, peppers and herbs, submerged under an unique creamy habanero sauce, also served with spinach.[After-Thought] On the special menu I spotted they serve happy hour from 4pm - 6pm, and also, *dramatic pause*, Special Sunday Brunch 11am - 3pm. They also claimed to have quite a few selection of local brews on draft, Carolina Brewing Co., Duck Rabbit, Big Boss, Buck Shot Amber, Angry Angel, just name a few. I imagine I will be spending many a brunch hour here.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2011,6/20/2011,38,237,3,5,4>This place really blew me away. We really really pigged out, but how am I going to write an accurate Yelp review if I don't try everything?I started out with an Elderberry cocktail. It was perfect. The bread was a little dry but it reminded me a lot of the bread I had in Germany. For an appetizer we got the NC BBQ pierogies. They were interesting... it's def a marriage of NC BBQ and Polish pierogies... which was just a little too weird for me. Next time we go, we might try some kielbasa or wurst. We both had the pork schnitzel for our main courses. It's a pretty big plate! And in my opinion: schnitzel is schnitzel. It's not hard to make - but what makes Betski's schnitzel so great are the sides that come with it. The potatoes and the dill cucumber salad were delicious and complimented the pork schnitzel perfectly. With my dinner I also ordered a half-pint of Schneider Weisse, one of my absolute favorite German beers (and I don't think it's very easy to find on tap here in the Triangle)! But the dish that made me go crazy was dessert... we had the Chocolate-Hazelnut Torte with Sea Salt, Caramel, and Crispy Bacon. Yes, BACON! My fiance could not get into the bacon, he just thought it was too weird (and conveniently, if you can't get into the bacon, it's on top, so you could scrape it off). Oh, but I embraced the bacon. It was amazing, I will be talking about it forever!So my recommendation is to either go there on an insanely empty stomach... or maybe skip appetizers... because dessert was awesome!
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,6/19/2011,152,261,11,7,6>Super Wok pretty much wocked my socks. Someone had to ham it up . . . Now that the deed has been done it's important to explain just why Super Wok is so delicious.Ron W. suggested a couple of dishes and we all added a few of our faves: tri-pepper chicken, twice cooked pork, dan dan noodles, pea shoots, string beans, kung pao chicken, and fish in spicy sauce. Each dish has already been reviewed in detail by Christina G. and Ron W. so I'll just add brief notes on the most memorable. Twice-cooked pork: Old standby, liked the dish at C&T Wok better, however. Pea shoots: Veggies are good for you! Recommend. Kung pao chicken: Not your grimy/slightly sketchy neighborhood Chinese American fare. This was good. Recommend. Tri-pepper chicken: RECOMMEND!! This was so good even vegetarians would like it. Rice: The world's staple, Super Wok seems to cook their rice in magical water or maybe they only select the finest grains. I don't know, but that shizz was delicious. Verdict: I fully support the Szechuan food invasion of the Triangle.
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2010,6/18/2011,69,760,2,7,5>I asked my little girl if she wanted a sandwich after we left church yesterday afternoon and she said no, she just wanted to go home.  I then asked my bride the same question and it seems our little girl was out voted.  When we exited the highway at Creedmoor Rd and headed south instead of north, it took a few miles before the little one piped up and said "Hey - this isn't the way home!"  I replied "That's right, momma and I are hungry and we're gonna go get a sandwich."I had already settled on trying out Penn Station East Coast Subs on Creedmoor road - I'd seen it several times during my commute when I used to work down by the RBC center and had never once stopped.I let my little girl order first and she asked if she could build her own sandwich and of course, she did - a child's "Dagwood" meal with just the fixins she wanted on it.  My bride decided on the monthly special and I had a hankerin' for a Reuben.  Our orders were taken with great patience and we checked out, got our drinks and before we knew it, the gentleman who took our orders was bringing them right out to us - completely unexpected.  I had expected him to yell out my name and then I'd have to come up to the counter and get the sandwich, but that was not the case here - very personable service.The Reuben was a little too something, maybe too much sauerkraut for my taste, maybe it was too much 1000 Island dressing, I don't know - that's not to say it wasn't tasty, it was very good nonetheless.The fries were also very good, in fact, easily comparable to Five Guys fries.  Now I can't wait to go back and use my coupon for a free 6" sub (sign up online).
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2011,6/17/2011,567,250,7,13,10>I don't know how anyone could give this place less than 4 stars. Between the yummy sandwiches and the friendly family that run this restaurant, it has become a favorite.The restaurant staff make you feel welcomed as soon as you approach the front door.I came here with my husband and baby girl for lunch during the week. I was carrying my baby's car seat and a staff member promptly opened the door for us and greeted us warmly. That's what I call friendly customer service. Not only were they friendly as they talked about their specials, but they chatted us up at the end of the meal. I felt like I've been a regular there for years. As for the food, total YUM. Well, I can only speak for the sandwiches, but my husband said the freshly baked cookies are worth the calories. I've tried the Tuscan Chicken Melt, Fajita Bacon Melt, and a daily special that I don't remember the name of. I would recommend it all because it's definitely not your ordinary sandwich!Plus, they are reasonably priced which makes going back again and again easy on the wallet.Overall: Modest cafe ambiance, stellar customer service, and delicious sandwiches that makes this place a favorite for me.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,6/16/2011,110,194,3,6,4>NOM!I went here for brunch and it was soooo mouthwateringly delicious!First off, get the donuts. Just do it. Worry about the carbs later. Lemon, chocolate, and maple topped on some of the most perfect donut cake batter I've ever had. They even get better when they're cold! (I mean, if you can take that long to eat them)I had the mushroom, bacon, tomato omelet with a side of grits. The grits were fantastic, I didn't need to add butter or salt (however I did add a little hot sauce cause that's how I roll)! The omelet, well, was an omelet. A little greasy, but it's brunch and I did need something to soak up all that alcohol I had the night before. My friend had the special fish & chips, which were breaded and cooked to perfection. Crispy and crunchy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Outside of England, I'm not sure I've had such good fried fish.The wait staff was alright, and probably my only reason for not giving them 5 stars. He wasn't really attentive, seeing as I think my friend and I were the only two people in his section for awhile. Both groups of people that sat down after us received their food before we even got our appetizers (donuts). He never came back to refill my coffee and really didn't take any initiative to ask us how everything was. I'm sure he had a wild Saturday night too, but still, I want mah food.Don't let the waitstaff deter you from trying the food. At least once. Show up at least once. Then decide for yourself.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,6/15/2011,64,257,2,6,5>The spouse and I were on the way home with our new-to-us bookcases (freshly obtained from the Borders closing sale) when we decided that all the effort of breaking down and loading required something a little starchy. Arby's fries? No -- I had a better idea.At Mami Nora's, we settled down to some tostones and yucca fries, a Pony brand malt soda and little containers of the mild, mustardy yellow sauce and the delicious green sauce. I make tostones often at home, but these were thinner and more crisp-like than mine so I totally felt justified in indulging in something I can make. The yucca fries were perfect; meaty-starchy in a way that's far more satisfying than even the best french fry and flavourful but still a good carrier vehicle for the excellent sauces. Neither they nor the tostones were greasy, just perfectly crisp. The green sauce was, to my taste, slightly spicy with enough building heat to make a good condiment but not so much that it overwhelmed the food. Afterward, we decided that some flan was in order (hey, those bookcases are heavy!) and weren't disappointed at all -- the flan was dense, creamy, soaked in smokey-sweet burnt sugar syrup, and packed with not-too-sweet tastiness in every bite.We were the only ones there not chowing down on the legendary chicken, but judging from the empty plates and blissed-out faces around us, the bird lives up to its reputation. Service was prompt, and the colourful interior was decorated with a lot of interesting paintings from an assortment of artists. There were easily a dozen different imported sodas on offer, from the Pony we tried (malted vanilla, tasty) to pomegranate to tamarind and beyond, plus some slushy-style frozen drinks that included a purple corn variety that is on my to-try list for sure. They don't have a huge menu but what they have is done right, and that's not as easy to pull off as it looks. You can't go wrong with food done right!
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,6/14/2011,175,190,4,10,9>5 Stars - The food here was fun and carefree and the fact that we didn't have to decide on a damn thing helped out significantly.  Brit and I came here before watching the Lion King and as we looked over the menu we saw the "Tasting" section.  Hmmm....  I know I saw that they offered tastings, but most smaller places have to be notified in advance prior to ordering the tasting.  We asked Olivia our server about the availability and she said, that it was ok to order it.  I had to have her take back the bottle of Prosecco we ordered because we added the wine pairing with it just for the hell of it.  The first wine that came out was a sparling Chablis blend, light and sweet with those tiny effervescent bubbles that make you almost giggle...I said almost because "Men don't giggle."  A small fork came out and I knew some form of shellfish was coming out.  I turned to look at the raw bar and saw a chef breaking some oysters down.  Brit and I discussed our relative disdain for Oysters, and how apparently we were about to get some.  My thing with oysters is, and I hate to ruin oysters for any oyster lover out there, is that to me they're like a large loogie on a shell.  However, being adventurous we weren't going to turn it away.  So the first course would have been stellar to some, was tasty and flavorful to us, but only after we got past the textural difficulties with the dish.  Three large oysters with pomegranate seeds and a basil mint oil drizzle was our first course.Second course was paired with a Viognier, a lighter bodied white and was soon joined by baked clams.  Cooked shellfish, I'm all over and these were stellar.  Inside each open faced clam shell was a small piece of house-made prosciutto.  I could've had a bowl of these and called it a night. The next course was the most playful dish of the evening and was appropriate called "Foie-waffle".  When it was first brought to the table, I had chickpeas and fried running through my head, and was actually quite excited, "Falafel" I said for clarification.  The expediter shook his head and said "Foie....Waffle".  Once he placed the plate down I smirked.  A small wedge of buttermilk waffle was appointed with a couple candied kumquats, a sprig of micro arugula a drizzle of honey and there sitting right on top, nearly quivering was a large dollop of foie gras.  It was the right balance of sweet and tangy, savory and salty.  Unfortunately the most playful dish was also the worst paired.  A dessert wine came out and just made the dish almost cloying.  So those glasses were never fully emptied.  The main course was oven roasted pheasant over dirty rice and root vegetables.  Excellently executed pheasant, the dirty rice was a tad bit on the dry side, but the offal was seasoned well.  The red that accompanied it was sweet and tart and offset the unctunousness of the offal and the pheasant very well. Dessert was a Torte and a Port...a chocolate caramel torte with a 10 year Tawny Port.  What an excellent way to close the evening.  It definitely helped to jump start the food coma we were both in so we could make it to DPAC.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2012,6/21/2013,81,795,,11,3>Flashbacks.  Some good.  Some not so much.  Back in the Day cafe is well named, sort of.  It's a cafe but with a bar.  It has a relaxed atmosphere with its retro decor and black and white tables.  When it's busy, it gets pretty loud.The full menu is all-American food: soups, salads, burgers, sandwiches, waffles, pancakes, that took me some time to read.  There's enough of a spin put on some of the dishes that make it a little out of the ordinary, like a grilled pimento cheese sandwich or a battered pearl onion, pickle and jalapeno appetizer.  My first visit,  I ordered a vegetarian option, a sandwich that had cream cheese, cucumbers, sprouts, spinach, red onion and a couple of other items that made a tasty lighter option.  The ketchup served with the fries is a homemade and tasted like cocktail sauce with added Worcestershire.  It was good, but being a classic ketchup with fries person, I'm not sure I'd want it all the time.While I waited for the food,  I was able to get a closer look at the Brady Bunch,  Rocky, Ferris Bueller, etc. posters on the walls, the vinyl album covers on the bar, and what looks like fan magazine size celebrity pictures, about the same time I figured out the tie-in to the menu items of Blue Bros. Burgers, Forrest Gump Shrimp and Grits, Caesar Romero salad.  Hence the 70s and 80s flashbacks, both good and bad.  The over the air MyTv shows, like Remington Steel and MASH, is a nice touch.BIDC is open for breakfast, but not early enough to catch an 8-5 working crowd.  That's too bad, because the breakfast options, also look good.  And a Monte Cristo?  really?  I didn't think many places really served those anymore.  The cafe has just opened so they're still working out the kinks, and the food is a little slow to arrive, but overall, I think this cafe could be a regular stop.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2013,6/20/2013,135,254,2,11,3>"New Honduran restaurant on Guess Rd"This place has been rebuilt after the tragic end of Kabab & Curry-- so much so that it's hard to recognize from inside that it's even the same restaurant.  We enjoyed our visit immensely early on a Saturday night.  It's NOT a standard Mexican-fare restaurant (no burritos, enchiladas, etc.)-- instead, it has a clear Central American flair to it.  They have an assortment of meals, each coming with three sides-- as another review noted, there are many meat options and not many vegetarian ones on the menu itself.  I had the chicken in tomato sauce meal.  However, they also had a cafeteria-style area on the side, and noted a special today of $1 per item, including various beef, chicken, and pork dishes.  They also put a basket of tortillas on the table as a "bread" alternative.  There's not a ton of seating, but the restaurant wasn't particularly busy when we were there either.  Unbefitting the menu's theme, they were playing music like Taylor Swift (just slightly louder than I would have preferred) and had Spongebob Squarepants running on the TV.Positives:+ Extremely large quantities for a low price!  My chicken in tomato sauce meal was HUGE (see picture)... I literally could barely finish it, and I'm a huge eater.  Plus, it cost $6.99.  The chicken itself was a huge thigh+leg (almost seemed turkey-sized), and the helpings of sides were huge.+ Quality/ tasty home-cooking.  The tomato sauce was clearly fresh, home-made tomato sauce (not jar/ can).  The "guacamole" had huge chunks of avocado, not like the "spreads" you get some places.  The fried yucca was amazing when dipped into the tomato sauce.  The fried plantains were sweet, ripe, and delicious.  Even the salads like the potato salad and vegetable salads were quite good/ tasty.+ Friendly service.  Our hostess definitely was eager to ensure that we were happy with our meals.  I actually got one incorrect side, but I didn't even report it (the alternative was also good).  However, they seemed to somehow figure it out on their own, and they brought me the side I ordered on top of the rest of my meal, so I ended up with a quarter chicken and FOUR sides for under $7.Negatives:- If you don't do the cafeteria-style options, it takes a while.  This is NOT necessarily a negative-- it is the price for having a fresh-made order.  However, it's something to keep in mind if coming and in a hurry-- it may be 30 minutes until the meals are ready.- Parking in the front, as it was with the previous establishment, is rather challenging... it's very hard to get in given it's a very busy street and a narrow entrance, and getting out scrapes the underside of the car, too.- Unclear hours.  Carpe Durham says they open at 10am.  However, the menu says breakfast is served 7am-10am and that they open at 7am.  And the one time I showed up at 8am on a Thursday, they were closed.  So, I'm honestly not sure what time they open or if/ when they serve breakfast.Synopsis:This place is definitely just getting off the ground, but they have a solid start given they're selling quality food at very affordable prices.  The negatives here are rather trivial (though I do want to know the answer about breakfast), and the positives are strong, so I anticipate this is a place we'll to which we'll return.PS-- The dessert options weren't very impressive... eat dinner here, then go elsewhere for dessert.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,6/19/2013,25,70,,10,5>We spent a rare night out in Raleigh and chose to check out C Grace for their awesome speak easy vibes.  We arrived early one Saturday night and  pretty much had the bar to ourselves aside from a few usual customers at the bar rapping with the bar tender.  He came over and took our order table side before things got busy.  He dropped a couple of menus on the table and explained that we could order at either bar throughout the night no matter where the tab was started.  He cranked out a couple drinks with ease and we were content to have the place pretty much to ourselves for a spell.  When our friends arrived, we moved to a section in the back that offered big couches and a coffee table.  It was a nice discreet location where we could talk away from the live music and not have to scream at each other.  We sent a runner to get drinks at the bar initially and when things picked up, a waitress came around to take orders.  A couple waitresses roamed the area offering assistance and their memories were a steel trap.  I was very impressed with the drink selection.  They offer a great range of cocktails and a few obscure beers. It was fun anticipating what would arrive, but difficult challenge was deciding on what to order next.  Our friends were drinking Moscow Mule's all night (not on the menu) so I decided to try the Missouri Mule preferring  Bourbon over anything.  The Moscow was served in a metal tumbler and was similar to a Dark & Stormy, but with vodka rather than rum.  The Missouri came in a champagne glass, pink in hue, and overall lacking Harry S. Truman machismo.  You can say drink orders become a round of roulette if you are not sober enough to study up on every choice beforehand.  Overall. drinks came out quickly, taking into account that basically everything except a Boilermaker involved intricate mixing and ingredients.   This is a great place to go with friends to grab a couple cocktails and enjoy a classy retro atmosphere. I have nothing negative to say about the bar, even the bathrooms were in good order. I thought our tab was going to be crazy, but actually was much less than I expected.  By the end of the night though, the place was pack and people were standing in herds waiting for any seating to be available.  One chick in particular would not stop staring our group down when she spotted our location.  It was obvious they wanted in on the situation from how close they were standing (practically breathing on the back of our necks) and were rude distractions by the time we left.  I suggest getting there early to nab a table and don't mind the poor manners of the other patrons.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,6/18/2013,152,421,1,5,4>Whether you're a budding cook or full-fledged culinary genius, you ought to check out Blue Sky Oil & Vinegar in Hope Valley Commons. They offer various flavors of balsamic vinegar and infused olive oils as well as unflavored olive oils from all over the world. I picked up a lovely lemon olive oil that is great on salads and fish as well as a small bottle of truffle oil that I plan to make some magic with. I had not intended on buying any vinegar - I already have 5 kinds at home. But when I sampled the violet balsamic I knew I had to have it. It's just gorgeous. This is a great place to shop for gifts for the foodies and chefs in your life. You will want to sample everything!
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,6/17/2013,4,90,,8,2>Franklin Street Pizza and Pasta is back in Carrboro!!!  And it's as good as I remember it.  I had just recently learned that the former owners of Franklin Street PIzza and Pasta had opened up this place in Carrboro.  I was very sad when I heard they had closed on Franklin Street.  My wife and I used to eat there all of the time back when we were students at UNC.  After moving back to NC recently, we were always sad when we would go to Franklin Street.  But, now, life is complete again!  This is place is really good for a quick pizza and pasta fix.  Very clean place in Carr Mill Mall.  A little smaller than their former location.  Same great owners working the counter.  Always very friendly.  Like in the old days, we had to get some of the garlic knots with sauce to start.  They were so good and brought back so many great memories.  After living in NYC for a few years, we were wondering how we would like this place.  It didn't disappoint.  The marinara sauce was superb.  For the main meal, I went with with one of my old favorites here - the Chicken Cutlet hero with cheese.  It was really good.  Not the best and maybe not quite as good as I remember but still very good.  My wife had one of her favorites - Stuffed Shells.  She loved hers.  She was very happy.All in all, a great place.  We were definitely happy we tried this place again.  I can't speak for the pizza or many of the other items on the menu, but we really liked what we got.  I also used to love the Steak and Cheese Hero and my wife used to love their Caesar Salads.  As we were eating, we were saying that the tons of people waiting to eat at the place next door should come on in and have something here!  We will definitely be coming back!
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,6/16/2013,26,330,,5,2>Started with the hot & sour soup, which is pretty good.  Had the Curry rice noodles with shrimp & chicken and had them leave out the red pepper flakes so it wasn't too spicey.  It was still pretty hot, but very, very good!  It was a huge portion, but was so good I ate it all!!  My dining partner had the egg drop soup, which she thought was just ok, but she loved her entree.  She got the chicken with vegetables which is in a rich brown sauce and she too ate every bit of it!Nice decor and friendly service, but unless you're on a romantic date, the lighting is too low for me.  We'll definitely come back again and try more items off the menu.
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2013,6/15/2013,10,296,,5,1>Finally made it to Hot Point's new location on Walnut where Pizza Hut used to be next to the Waffle House, Best Western, and Jasmin.  They don't have a sign out front yet aside from the Open light.The new location looks spruced up - a new large tile floor was put in and the dark brick walls - though simple are a nice change from before.  Gone are the old posters/prints.  There's a larger seating area than before which is nice because it can get really busy on Friday and Saturday evenings.The menu is the same and the food still is incredibly delicious.  I ventured from my norm (florentina calzone) and tried the primavera pizza this week - it's like eating a salad on top of a pizza - spinach, peppers, artichokes, tomatoes, mushrooms, onions, olives, eggplant - yum!  The intent was to only eat half of the 8 inch pizza and save the other half for another meal but that pizza was so good - I ended up eating all of it that night...The crust/dough was addictive - there was a slight sweetness to it.  The marinara sauce is homemade with just the right amount of seasoning to accentuate the ingredients that accompany it (in this case the pizza dough, cheese, and primavera toppings).  The marinara sauce is also used with the calzones.  My fiancée had the Stromboli calzone this week - I had a couple bites and loved the flavors of the Italian sausage and pepperoni with peppers, onions, mozzarella, ricotta with the marinara sauce to dip it in.If you're in the Crossroads area and don't want to eat at a chain - drive on over to Hot Point and try it's deliciousness in the form of a salad, pizza, calzone, sandwich, etc. - the food will not disappoint.
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,6/14/2013,54,76,2,5,2>I just ordered delivery and I'm pretty satisfied. I ordered General Tso's chicken and the vegetarian dumplings, pan-fried. The sauce on the chicken in particular was good - not overly sweet or way too salty like a lot of places make it. The dumplings were good. I almost never get to eat dumplings, since I don't eat pork and that seems to be the favorite filling at most places.I had a rough day and didn't feel like cooking. They delivered; the food tasted fine (look, it's delivery Americanized Chinese food. Don't expect haute cuisine.); there was a decent amount of it for the price. Both the woman who answered the phone and the guy who brought it were friendly and pleasant (and I say that as someone who was in a foul mood and inclined to be easily provoked).I'll happily order from them again next time I feel like having something other than pizza delivered.
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,6/13/2013,185,276,,4,2>The new Mellow Mushroom location in Chapel Hill is really cool. Our waitress was great and the food came out quickly (even with it being really packed). Just like other MM locations they have great beer selections. It's a little pricey here (for pizza) but worth coming every once in awhile.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,6/12/2013,53,92,2,3,3>The Raleigh Times is a very relaxed place to go with a small group of friends. I love the set-up, in the old Raleigh Times newspaper offices. The whole bar has character, a great place to take out-of-town friends or enjoy a drink. Raleigh Times Bar has an excellent selection of beer and the selection changes constantly. They have nice little tables street-side as well. We've been here a few times to pre-game before going to a more upbeat bar. We want to go back to try some of the food. A tray of cheese fries flaunted past us and they looked amazingly delicious. Also heard from friends their bloody mary's are to die-for. Looking forward to going back!
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,1/29/2011,70,246,2,11,5>I had heard that 35 was an authentic Chinese restaurant that wasn't "fusion", buffet or Americanized.  I do like places like PF Chang's and Lantern, but I think sometimes it's important to get the authentic experience.  Honestly I don't think I had ever really had "real" Chinese food, just the typical orange chicken, General Tso's, beef n' broccoli, ect.  So in the spirit of adventure, we decided to try out 35.35 was almost as difficult to find as Udupi.  There's no signs for it on the street, but the building is on the east side of Kildaire Farm Rd, between Executive Dr. and the CSV Pharmacy.  My best advice is as you're driving north on Kildaire Farm Rd, turn right one driveway past Executive Dr.  It's unmarked but you'll see a parking garage back there, just park and get out.  You'll find a little hollow with a sign that says "Restaurant", and that's 35.The decor is pleasant, with 2 fish-filled aquariums and a waterfall with rocks and turtles.  If you have small children along they're sure to be amused by the turtles.  There are mirror-lined walls, bright, cheerful lighting, red lanterns hanging from the ceiling and Chinese art on the walls.  The tables and booths are a bit out of date with some cracking in the vinyl seats, and there are paper tablecloths on the tables, so it doesn't really have a high-class appeal.We were offered two sets of menus, one Americanized one, and the other was authentic Chinese.  We both ordered off the Chinese one; I got the Crispy Duck with special garlic sauce and my husband got the Fried Shredded Lamb.  Both dishes were just 1 pepper out of 3.  I wanted to be adventurous but I haven't yet gotten to the point where I'll eat things like organs and tendons... Maybe some other day.  My husband also ordered the Hot and Sour Soup off the Americanized menu.The soup came out pretty quickly.  My husband said it was the best Hot and Sour Soup he's ever had, and he's had a lot of Hot and Sour soups.  I tried a bit, and it was quite good.  Really spicy with almost an orange flavor to it.  My husband's fried shredded lamb came out next.  I know some people don't like it if the entrees don't all come out together, but we were going to share anyway.  The lamb meat was very tender and moist, and had some lovely spices that I can't identify.  It was just spicy enough to be considered spicy, but not spicy enough to hurt.  The lamb meat was served with an awful lot of cilantro stems.  I didn't even know people used the stems in cooking, I had always discarded them when using cilantro.  I think all the stems were a bit much.  My husband ended up throwing most of the stems away when he ate leftovers the next day.My crispy duck came out a few minutes later.  When I went to spoon a few pieces onto my plate, I found a huge black hair in the dish.  I understand sometimes this happens even at the best restaurants, and I don't really freak out at hairs.  I do, however, care how the staff reacts.  The waiter was very apologetic and got the manager.  The manager apologized as well and took 10% off the bill.  I think the staff dealt with the situation very well and I don't fault them at all for it.  It happens.As for the food itself, it was very good.  The duck had a spicy, strong garlic sauce that was rich and delicious.  It was served with some spinach underneath it, and I'm not a huge spinach fan, but the sauce made the spinach edible.  The duck meat was as soft and silky as duck meat can be, and the skin was crispy as promised.  The prices were about average for a Chinese restaurant.  The soup was a very inexpensive $1.95 and the entrees were both $14.95 each.  There are a lot of new dishes yet to try here and the Pork Belly with Preserved Vegetables sounded like something I'll probably be trying next time.  The sweet and sour jellyfish and fried intestines will probably be a few years off for me, but I'll make it there eventually.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2010,1/28/2011,66,252,1,7,3>Looking for something yummy downtown we headed to Cameron Village knowing we'd stumble into something tasty. Hubs threw out the letters "K&W", but after 30 days of casserole (long story), I vetoed and was glad I turned where I did. We saw the sign "NOW OPEN" in front of Cafe Caturra and decided we'd better check it out. I just love something new! We headed to the patio and were greeted by the sexy red metallic chairs paired with the ultra comfy look of the cushioned chairs for some relaxing summertime dinners. With the heat taking our breath away, we opted for indoor dining and made our way inside. We were greeted with the smell of a wonderful hickory smoke and a friendly face who offered us a menu and explained how things worked. We browsed over the list and were excited by the casual options as well as cheese & meat boards, listed under "wine fare". I opted for the curry chicken and asked for the wrap. I was then informed that I could choose any side item from chips to soup to salad. I browsed over the salad list and selected the savory goat cheese salad. I asked for a glass of wine and the associate insisted I check out the samples offered at the wine bar counter and told me I could sample all of their wines. We made our way to the wine bar and I sampled a few reds before deciding on a 6oz. of the Malbec. (Their wine taps reminded me so of my dearly beloved Enoteca, and just for that I was already in love with this place.) We took our beverages and our table number and found a recently open booth to plunge into. The decor is mod, yet comfortable at the same time. The high back booths are comfy and the marble topped tables are very bistro. The art is very colorful and I really liked several of the paintings, especially the yellow one above our booth. Our food came out quickly and looked just as good as it was described on the menu. The curry chicken salad wrap was large and very flavorful. The goat cheese salad was delicious and I'd be tempted to go back and just have a large salad next time. For the money, the portions were large and the food was quality. Several employees joked with us about the fireplace as they were testing the ventilation system while burning wood in the fireplace while we ate our lunch. They made jokes that we didn't know we were going camping when we walked in there. One waiter said he had to explain to his wife why he came home smelling like wood smoke. But, it really didn't bother me one bit. I always find a man with the scent of wood smoke quite sexy. Thumbs up for Cafe Caturra! Can't wait to go back and try some of the wine fare, and make my way down that wine sampling bar! Welcome to CV!
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2010,1/27/2011,30,91,5,12,6>Seriously, folks, you've gotta check this place out!  Considering my arguably vast experience with karaoke, I would almost have to consider this place like the gold standard.  All the elements are in place:  close to nowhere or no one, check.  In the back of a sketchy strip mall, check.  Random folksy/Studio 54/Super 8 motel decor, check.  All signs are pointing to GO!  We were given what was considered a small room, but it seemed rather large, or maybe it was just all the mirrors!  Yes.By the way, for the karaoke faint of heart, there is a nice little bar right outside of the rooms where you can indulge in some spirits and shake off those inhibitions!  Okay, so, back to the room.  The TV was huge, as were the remote controls (one for English, one for Korean).  We were all a little awestruck and intimidated at first just at the sheer awesomeness of this situation, but with the disco ball turning, a few flips through the English/Korean Encyclopedia of songs and after a little number crunching on the remote, we were off.  Two incredibly fast and entertaining hours later, we had to call it a night.  At $30/hr for five people,  it turned out to be a little more than $10/person for two hours--totally reasonable for a really spectacular Star Karaoke experience!
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2010,1/26/2011,74,201,2,6,4>It's a shack.  They serve fish.  The end.  Just kidding...not really.The menu at Fish Shack really is that simple.  And that's what I love about this place, the fact that they kept the menu simple.  Fried fish, fried oysters, fried scallops, etc.  All the usual fried suspects are served here along with sides such as collard greens, baked potato and fried okra.  For those who are more health conscious, they have grilled options as well as low country seafood boils.  Surprisingly enough, one of my favorite items on the menu is their nicoise salad.  It was a pretty fancy salad coming from Fish Shack and the salad is worth it for the price.  The dressing that comes with the salad is this awesome blend of pickled peppers soaked in olive oil.  You can also add shrimp or salmon to it.  What's great is the fact that there's not just 3 or 4 measly pieces of shrimp like most restaurants, I counted about 8 to 10 of them!I'm also a big fan of their clam chowder.  Reason being that there's BIG chunks of potato and clams and it's topped with yummy morsels of bacon and chives.  Since Fish Shack is also owned by Q Shack, the hush puppies and sides are the same for the most part.  Fish Shack is pretty much the seafood version of Q Shack.  The decor is cute, with music playing in the background that makes you feel like you're on the bayou, even though you can see Thai Cafe's sign right out the window.  There's never been much of a wait all the times I went and service is fairly quick.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2010,1/25/2011,19,73,4,8,8>Finally! A good neighborhood (my neighborhood) restaurant in Raleigh!  AND, it's the first legitimately healthy yet innovative restaurant in Raleigh.   I've been twice now (it would be more if I were ever actually in town) and both times were delicious.  For lunch, we traipsed through the humidity and made it to Market dripping in sweat and were instantly smitten with cold cucumber-infused water (the water was much better at lunch than at dinner...I think that the cucumbers had dried out during the afternoon and were less willing to infuse).  We both had salads that were light, delicious, and inventive...and mine had a grilled avocado.  yum.During dinner the restaurant is bright and happy.  The tempura asparagus was tasty, but a whole lot of fried asparagus.  I had the mushroom and goat cheese tamales.  Elsewhere, tamales would likely be laden with cheese, but at Market, the goat cheese played a support role to the other ingredients. Further lightening the dish was a jicama salad.  I finished satisfied but not stuffed!Though we went to Escazu after our first visit, we tried dessert the second time.  The avocado gelato is INCREDIBLE.  Creamy, but not too sweet.  I had a fruit crisp, which was good, but it needed about twice as much ice cream to satisfy my "must have ice cream with every bite of crisp" rule I made up long ago. We will be back...a lot.  My only wish would be a path that cuts straight to Market from Glascock St!  Oh, and I'd like brunch too.  Thanks!
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2010,1/24/2011,15,58,1,4,4>This is one of my favorite places for Italian in Chapel Hill (which is saying a lot, considering that's the one food category I consider pretty well represented here). There's a great wine list that is not ridiculously expensive. Disclaimer: I like wine a lot, but am no wine snob beyond refusing to drink Chardonnay, so if you are very wine-knowledgeable, this place may not be impressive to you. There's just a lot of choices for a restaurant in this price range. If you are from Raleigh and familiar with 518, 411 West is owned by the same people and is similar in menu though as I understand it, a bit less in price. Anyway, the food is quite good -- my favorite is the whole wheat fettuccine -- and in my opinion, very reasonably priced. They also recently brought back lower-priced small portions at dinner, which is awesome. I would consider it on par in food quality and atmosphere with some more expensive restaurants in Chapel Hill, like Top of the Hill or even Elaine's or Lantern. Do not expect five star service though - the service here is fine, but not top-tier restaurant good. I enjoy the atmosphere as well, though it gets quite loud during busy weekend nights. If it's slower, ask to sit in the back patio room, which is not outside, but has a glass greenhouse roof and feeling -- it's quite charming -- or in one of the tables along the windows facing Franklin Street.Finally, I HIGHLY recommend going on Mondays for half-price wine night. All glasses and bottles are 50% off. It doesn't get much better than that.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2010,1/23/2011,73,67,9,8,4>This is where America eats, and in American-sized portions. Say what you will about the eating habits of my countrymen and fellow Southerners, but fried food tastes GOOD. This place has a gigantic menu that explores every permutation of fried and non-fried foods, including the rarely seen brains and eggs.I've fallen into a rut here, because every time I go, I tend to get the 4-veggie plate, usually with ample fried green tomatoes and fried okra. I also have seen dinner companions order an entire half-chicken, deep-fried and resplendently golden. And of course, there are complimentary biscuits and jelly (although I wish they would serve some more natural jams and real butter instead of whipped spread) that come at the beginning of every meal.Bear in mind that you will not have time to eat your biscuit. The wait staff will bring out your full meal within minutes of you placing your order, forcing you to triage what delicious morsel will first go into your belly.After gorging myself, I become somnolent and the world goes hazy as the wide variety of fats settle against my major arteries. I am dizzy for a time, and satiated. And just as suddenly, the giant disembodied floating head of Wilfred Brimley appears before my eyes and intones "Son, you are going to get the diabeetus," through his bushy, ethereal mustache. If I do, it will have all been worth it.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2010,1/21/2011,188,100,2,5,5>What can I say that hasn't already been said here by my well-heeled, wordsmithing Yelp comrades?My boyfriend and I, accompanied by two friends headed to David's on Friday night, arriving around 8:30 or so. The joint wasn't exactly jumpin' and I was surprised, given all the great things I'd read. We were told we'd need to wait 10 minutes for a table, or we could eat at the bar. We told the host we'd check out the bar scene, but upon sitting scoped an open table and asked if we could nab it. Score.On to the food and drink! Tom (the Mister) had a large Chinese beer - which one exactly escapes me. Both my buddy Sarah and I opted for cute little bottles of prosecco, and Kim had the Gewurztraminer. Say THAT three times fast!We started by splitting a few small plates: One Edamame (standard - good), One David's dumplings (great), One open face pork and shrimp shumai (also great) and TWO cutty/ roti. Can I just say that I could have had a few plates of roti just for myself, had nothing else, and been COMPLETELY at peace with the experience? Because that's all fact. The last time I had roti and curry this yummy was back at a Malaysian joint in NJ called Penang. I didn't realize I'd craved it since then until David's deliciousness hit my lips. The roti were semi-sweet and perfectly fried, and the curry flavorful. Just... YUM.Entree-wise, Tom did the chicken with ginger and garlic (he added shrimp into the mix, too, and was a very happy guy), and I did the beef lo mein. I love trying chef's takes on classic dishes, and this one didn't disappoint -- the noodles were tender, the beef's texture ideal, and the sauce's flavor was excellent. Sarah had the pho and was extremely pleased with her selection (as in, she was silent for the rest of the night, so absorbed was she in the steaming bowl of goodness) and Kim had the curry noodle soup. Kim's was the bowl I coveted -- the pork in there looked AMAZING, and that is EXACTLY what I will be having when next I visit David's.Oh, and there will be MANY a next time.What else... The atmosphere was great -- I love exposed brick. I really do. Like, unnaturally so. Therefore, snaps to the brick. And I really loved that the Chef came out to make the rounds and make sure everybody was enjoying his/ her meals.  He's adorable! They should sell little stuffed Chef David dolls! Or not. Whatever. (I'd buy one. Just saying.)
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2010,1/20/2011,42,116,2,6,4>First off, I have to say that any place that serves giant good beer is a hit with me.  When I had lunch at Bavarian Brathaus, it was such a beautiful day that we sat outside. I didn't even see the inside of the place, though the hubby said it's a must see. We shared a number of things: brat sampler plate, knudel, sauerkrat, and goulash. Carnivore lunch for sure. We wanted to do a beer sampler, but they were out that day, so I opted for Hefeweisse. For the brats, we tried the traditional, curry, garlic, and fire. Our favorites were the traditional and curry. The others were good, but more dry, though not bad at all. That mustard they serve with the brats is amazingly good. I would buy that stuff to use at home, it's that good. I loved the knudel and the sauerkrat, which was not too tangy, but just right. The goulash was like a rich, thick beef stew. My husband loved it. I'll definitely try out the Brathaus again, but I'll make sure I don't eat much that day or bring a bunch of friends to try out all the other interesting menu items.The service was friendly and attentive, with lots of explanations and suggestions given. He really knew the menu and the food well.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2010,1/19/2011,230,281,3,6,4>Cook Out has always intrigued me, mostly because of the massive amounts of smoke and long lines of cars. I don't normally eat fast food, so it took me a while to finally eat here. As a first timer, I decided to actually park and walk up to the window so I could study the menu. I've also read from other Yelpers that they tend to get orders wrong quite a bit.After finding the "combo" section at the bottom of the menu (they should really move it to the top!), I ordered a combo with a burger ("cook out style"), fries, hush puppies, and a shake. It was packaged well in a foam take-out container (ugh, horrible for the environment). The burger was great--nice and messy with chili, slaw, mustard and onions. The fries were fine, but the hush puppies were a little too dry. The shake was like a Wendy's frosty but better and 10x as thick. I'm not even sure why they bothered to give me both a spoon and a straw. The straw was useless against that beast.For a guy with a huge appetite, the combo was all I needed. It'd be like an episode of Man v. Food if I got the "huge" (1/2 lb.) burger, two sides and a shake. Cook Out is definitely a step up from the bigger chains since they cater to my Carolinan needs and their prices seem to be a bit lower. I won't be back for a while probably, but it isn't because of the service or the taste of the food. I just tend to eat a little healthier than the NC State students that call this Cook Out location home.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,1/2/2013,7,108,,8,5>Look at that, another beer store! This place just opened a few weeks ago and goes the craft beer and wine route, so there's something for everyone. There's even a bar in the back with 4 or 5 beers on tap, because it's always nice to have a beer while shopping for beer.  Pretty good selection of craft beer as well, though I'd like to see it organized a little better maybe. Not into wine as much, so I can't really comment on that. Definitely another good option for good beer, and one in north Raleigh where one was needed.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,1/1/2013,38,237,1,7,5>Motorco, I love you! Let me split you up into your two greatest assets: bands and brunch.BANDS. I can easily declare Motorco as my favorite venue in the Triangle. I hope more touring bands recognize this and play here. Let me just compare it to the standard "best" music venue here, Cat's Cradle.Layout/View - After CC's re-design, there are few risen places for shorter patrons to stand. Motorco has some awesome bleacher-like seats, and other steps for people to stand on in the main room. Everyone can see! The garage is very intimate. Don't go see a band there if you might be uncomfortable making eye contact with the lead singer.Booze - Many music venues here have beer and wine only or a small, inconveniently placed bar. Motorco has a perfect, awesome bar. Somewhat large beer selection (good amount of taps and bottles) and a full bar with LIQUOR. Bartenders have always been friendly.Bathrooms - Yeah, Triangle music venues have disgusting, nasty bathrooms. Compared to those venues, the Motorco ladies' room is amazing. Extremely clean, large, well lit. It's so nice to see a band play and NOT feel gross or worrying about not drinking because you don't want to have to pee, haha!BRUNCH. Well, you hear a lot about their "Bloody Mary Brunch." You would expect a "Bloody Mary Brunch" to be serving food, right? Well, it's actually just them serving bloody marys, with some food trucks. Regardless, it's a darn good bloody mary, and KoKyu's duck-fat rosemary tots are all I need in life. The times I have gone have been really chill and quiet. There are a few benches outside, and lots of space inside to sit. The "dtown Market" hasn't had too much going on... but maybe I just happen to be catching them on slow days or something.So I don't say this often, but I can enjoy Motorco if there are 10 people there or 100. So anytime someone asks me to go to Motorco? I say YES!
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,12/31/2012,70,246,,5,3>I've been to Spirits half a dozen times before, but mostly just for drinks and apps. I finally took my husband and son there to try out the menu. We went on a Sunday night so it wasn't very busy, and there were a lot of open tables and plenty of seating outside.I got my usually drink order, the "Beer Flight", which is 5 small cups of beer samples. The managers choice tonight was a bunch of IPAs, not my preference, so instead got a sampling of wheat beers and Red Oaks. This is one of the few places I can find Red Oak beers, and I love the Hummingbird. My husband got a beer from the Carolina Brewery, and my son had a pink lemonade.This is a very family-friendly pub, and they had a decent kid's menu. My son got the spaghetti with the sauce on the side, as he's a bit picky about that. He actually ate all the spaghetti, which is saying something.I got the french onion soup for an appetizer, and the Chinese chicken salad. The french onion soup had too much cheese, and it wasn't Gruyere cheese (yes I can tell the difference). Too much bread, not enough onion and broth. I probably wouldn't get it again. The Chinese chicken salad was okay, but again, I probably wouldn't order it again. It was rather bland. Could have used something sour or salty or spicy to add a little kick.My husband got the Wolfpack burger with the sweet potato fries. He said he really liked the burger, though it was huge, and the sweet potato fries are always awesome. He ranked it on top of both Tribeca and Tyler's as far as pub food and drinks goes.Personally, I love the drinks and service here, but I don't think the food is as good as Tribeca. I'll certainly continue to come here on a regular basis for the beer flight and sweet potato fries, but I don't think I would come back for meals in the near future.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,12/30/2012,315,293,4,6,6>I eagerly awaited my visit to Hayashi-ya to check out what became of the former Chicago Uno pizza location and more importantly to see what kind of sushi offerings this new (to me) Japanese restaurant had to offer. My friend and I were immediately greeted with a bow as we entered and the traditional Japanese greeting "irashaimase". I wanted to return the greeting in kind, but the only Japanese I know is "Domo arigato, Mr. Roboto", and that probably wouldn't make me any new friends there.We were escorted to our seats and given menus. The sushi selection was quite impressive. Our waitress came by and bowed and introduced herself. She pointed out which rolls were her faves and also the 3 rolls for $25 special which also included miso soup or a salad. The choice wasn't easy since there were so many wonderful looking sushi rolls to choose from, but we finally narrowed our choice down to the house Hayashi-ya roll, the RDU roll and a spider roll. We also ordered the tempura shrimp and veggies for an appetizer.The wait for our appetizer wasn't very long. The shrimp were quite large and flavorful. The veggies were tasty as well. Our rolls arrived soon after and our waitress kindly pointed out to us which rolls were which. All three were grand, but surprisingly I really liked the RDU roll, probably the best. It was cream cheese and crab and pretty spicy, but in a good way.Overall, very happy and pleased with my virgin Hayashi-ya experience. I highly recommend this restaurant for their sushi, polite and efficient service, and modern Japanese style ambiance.
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2012,12/29/2012,8,158,7,7,6>HeliosWhat does your name mean?Nevermind, I'll look it up later.(duh! of course! The SUN!)In the meantime let me just stare at your cool logo and go inside.Well, after I play with the doggies hanging around with their owners outside.Go in on the weekends and find a line. Cause they're doing brunchy breakfasty things and I am soooo glad. Saves a very long trip to Gugelhopft.I love coffee. love it. love it. Started on Starbucks and moved on to the good stuff. Helios has Counter Culture beans, and decent baristas.But what has been giving me reason to return in addition to their awesome brew is FOOD FOOD FOOD. Nourishment.You know, as much as I hate to admit it we can't live on lattes alone.There's a nice menu, it's real food (try the farmer's breakfast) if you are on a diet find a friend to share. You get your protein hit and decadent cheese grits and nice bacon. Who could ask for more.The only bummer about the place is the uber chilled hepcat attitude of the counter staff who were born after uber hepcat era and haven't really earned the right to be that cool yet. It won't kill you to smile at me or say hello when I come in the door.I guess if you want manners you could go to Jubala. Lately been bludgeeoned by the owner's father telling me how wonderful his sons are and... nevermind... that's for another post. Back to Helios.GoJust go. enjoy the fact that there is a laid back place to hang out, charge up and wi-fi to your hearts content..
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,12/28/2012,290,175,1,6,6>When my gentleman sir surprised me with a birthday dinner here, I felt very special. The second meal here was not for a special occasion, but for restaurant week. I have left both times feeling absolutely stuffed with foodie happiness!We've had a couple of wines here, suggested by waiters per our tastes - spot on every time.Our second selection, (and would be my death row last meal selection) is the duck liver (confit i believe). paired with "liquid gold" seriously, i would fight to the death for this. it's the BEST most DELICIOUS plate of food ever. Now i'm willing to be more adventurous on the menu - i've had a taste of the scallops, rack of lamb and the filet - of those three, i coudln't choose a favorite. they're all amazing, you'll just have to ask your tummy what it's in the mood for.desserts are pretty good as well. I don't live for dessert as i'm not much of a sweet tooth, but i wouldn't turn anything down from here.Great delicious food, you won't go wrong with a second empire meal. The service is also wonderful. Just be prepared to be on your better behaviour, it's a nice place. OR if you're me, be your loud silly self and enjoy your meal, your way. the waiters appreciate a little humor if you got it ;)
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2012,12/27/2012,48,78,4,4,2>I'm upping my rating back to 4 stars. I still find myself going back to this place. And they do some of the best duck in the area. Beijing Duck reminds me a little of the aromatic duck found in London. Not as aromatic, but it's still great. Spicy squid can be perfect one day, and slightly mediocre the next. But still a great dish. They also have handmade dumplings on their special Taipei board that are without doubt the best dumplings in the area.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2012,12/26/2012,51,74,6,6,5>Well shut my mouth! Good ol' down home cooking. I ordered the ribs with mac-n-cheese & collards, and it was like I was visiting some relatives for the holidays! We had smoked wings as an appetizer and they were delicious. Too bad we didn't get to stay for the jazz performance later that night, we came to celebrate my dad's b-day the kiddos were beginning to ruin the ambiance. Great date night spot for the "grown and sexy"
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,12/25/2012,125,100,2,6,4>I'm geeking out right now.  Seriously geeking out.Because sometimes I go to get some cash out of our bank at a different ATM than I normally haunt and lo and behold in the same plaza there's A) ANOTHER freaking Chubby's Tacos (hurray, and so close to our house!), and B) a small store called the HV Bottle Shop.  Holy run-on sentence with no punctuation, Batman!As I'm driving by, I'm struck by the "craft beer" sign in the window - however, it's obviously a wine shop, so I'm not holding out a lot of hope.  Maybe a small refrigerated section?  A couple shelves of locals?  Dead WRONG.The whole back wall and more is craft beer.  And not just any craft beer.  More like me taking what I freak out about in Sam's Quik Shop and condensing it down into one store - Belgians, tons of amazing imports (including a ridiculous Guldan Draak 9000 - singles in the cold case, too - that I fell in love with last night), a really impressive selection of local and regional brew, and much, much more.  Growlers from Aviator and Fullsteam available, too, and of course, wine, wine, wine, wine.  The hipster factor of Sam's isn't there, but honestly, that's okay.  The HV Bottle Shop is just a really solid, impressive store in its own right - very different than Sam's, but almost friendlier, in a way.The shop is small, well-stocked, and classy as all get out.  However, I also walked in there after a long day of work on a farm, covered in dust and looking like a serious hot mess, with not so much as a raised eyebrow from the fellow from behind the counter.  Grant was friendly, not pushy whatsoever, and was more than happy to engage me in conversation about the beers I was interested in.  He was honest when he hadn't tried something, offered descriptions that were based in personal experience (instead of canned every-answers), and was fine chatting helpfully with some random guy off of the street.  I felt super-comfortable there, and plan to come back.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,12/24/2012,43,105,5,12,4>Gourmet Kingdom is a great addition to Chapel Hill. I've been coming here occasionally since they first switched over from Chinese-American style cuisine with a buffet, and the quality has consistently improved over the years. I won't even bother trying to list off dishes because there are simply too many, but here's a link to the menu in English:thegourmetkingdom.com/im…My favorite dish here is the stir fried string beans, but everything I've had here has been good. If you're not very adventurous with your food, options like the Yangchow fried rice are delicious and not terribly different from a Chinese-American style restaurant. On the other hand, this restaurant really excels in their spicy Szechuan dishes like the fish filet in ba shu sauce. If you can handle the heat, I would definitely recommend ordering this dish.Remember, you do NOT eat everything in a dish like this. There are many spices and chili peppers left in the bowl for flavor, but you're supposed to pick them out or eat around them. Also, the serving size is huge on these dishes, and generally eating family style will be a much more enjoyable experience. The employees have always been friendly and hard working, but they do seem to share the work, so don't feel bad about raising your hand if you need something. I'm sure it can be hard for them to predict how quickly you will go through your water, since everyone reacts to spicy food differently. Also, quick tip - if your food is too spicy, ask for some lime/lemon slices for your water. The citric acid will really cut through the spice and cool down your mouth much faster. I like the location, but as another Yelper mentioned, the parking situation isn't great. There are many lots on Lloyd street, but they all belong to businesses. I know many people park in the auto lot behind the restaurant, but I don't know if that place is actually closed or not. If you worry about the parking, there are a few public lots fairly nearby. I know the lot across from Carrburritos and the lot behind Armadillo grill are okay to park in. Overall impression - Gourmet Kingdom is a great restaurant and I'm glad to have it in Chapel HIll. There are a few other good authentic style Chinese restaurants in Cary, Morrisville, and Raleigh that stay competitive with GK, but even the nearest one is about 30 minutes from GK. Happy China is a reasonable option if you live in Durham, but GK has much higher quality food.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2011,10/4/2011,21,60,,7,4>I've been salivating ever since I heard Chuck's was coming. It was worth the wait. They have a burger called the Spirit Animal. I rest my case. I assumed it would be a lot like Beasley's, but in lieu of wait staff,  you order at the counter and seat yourself. Easy enough. Oddly enough, I was told by staff that I couldn't order my burger medium rare, yet the meat was ground in house? Shouldn't that not be the case? Regardless, our burgers had a healthy dose of pink. I had the High and the Valley, while my boyfriend had the Spirit Animal. Both were delicious. We shared an order of frites with a side of roasted garlic aoili which were also excellent. A great addition to downtown Raleigh that's already a favorite.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,10/3/2011,57,204,,7,6>Worth every penny! The food is delicious, the service is great and the decor is beautiful. I tried it for Triangle Restaurant Week, I have to agree that this is probably the best menu being offered for dinner. They also offered an amuse bouche as a bonus! was able to try a few items on the menu:1st CourseSeared Diver Scallops-Absolutely divine, best thing on the menu in my book. The were cooked perfectly and served over a bed of leels in a delicious sauce.Grilled Baby Red Romaine- This was good, but not as amazing as the scallops for a 1st course.2nd CourseBraised Cohen Farms Short Ribs and Pappardelle- The ribs were cooked just right and fell right off the bone. The broth was tasty and the vegetables were very fresh. I wasn't crazy about the flat noodles the were served with however.Fresh North Carolina Trout- This was recommended by our server and she was very right about it. It was very good never frozen and they drizzled a yummy sauce over it. My bf ordered this and let me try it, I kinda wish I would've got this over the ribs.3rd Course:Banana Crème Brulee-It was very good creme brulee but the portion was quite large and got to sweet for me a third of the way.Bourbon Chocolate Pecan Pie- This was my fave dessert just the right amount of chocolate, pecan and sweetness.Our server, Lina, was great. She was very sweet and attentive and she made great recommendations. She recommended a Hess Chardonnay which I loved.I would love to come back here!
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,10/2/2011,169,170,2,8,6>This restaurant should be among your top choices for authentic Chinese food. The building is unassuming and from the name of the restaurant you might conclude that they serve the typical Chinese American dishes -- not so. You will find that a lot of Chinese come to this restaurant which should testify to its authenticity. There is a Chinese American menu but I would recommend avoiding this. When ordering for lunch I would recommend asking for the Chinese menu (the lunch menu has mostly Chinese American choices).To see a detailed list of what I've tried so far, please consult Jane Y's very thorough review. Luckily my friends ordered some dishes that were new to me. The Pickled Mustard and Fish Fillet Soup was a definite win. The Taro and Short Ribs were decent but not my favorite. I have also had the Black Mushroom and Bak Choy vegetarian dish which I liked very much. Also, good was the Fillet Fish in Szechuan Oil. Their Szechuan dishes are, of course, spicy, but very flavorful. Ordering family style is the way to go. Unless, you're big eaters or want leftovers, you probably don't need to order a dish for every person. Portion sizes are good so I was fine with paying the $10-15 for specialty dishes.Waitresses are very friendly and helpful. I was a little skeptical when they were nearly pointing to every dish when we were trying to get help with what to order, but now I understand why. Seems like it is hard to go wrong at this place.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,10/1/2011,135,254,3,9,4>"Great Turkish food, friendly service"Finally tried this small place, nestled in the corner of a very small strip of stores.  We arrived early (~4:45pm), and while they seated us right away, they warned us that the kitchen wouldn't open until 5pm (fine since we wanted to chat anyway).  We started with the Bosphorus Meze platter, which came with some of the best hummus and baba ghannouj I've had in the area, along with tabouli, another eggplant salad, 2 stuffed grape leaves, and more. It was a great-sized appetizer for a group of 4 who were pretty hungry, and the quality was very high.  Only minor complaint is they gave us VERY little bread with which to eat all those dips, even after we asked for more.I had the "ali nazik" entree for dinner, which was a fat "string" of charbroiled ground lamb/ beef stretching across a long plate and shaped... well... in an unfortunate manner for those who aren't used to Middle Eastern food (shaped kind of like "kofta" from Middle Eastern restaurants).  Nonetheless, it tasted fantastic.  On one side of the meat was a small pool of marinara sauce, and on the other side was a small pool of a yogurt sauce.  Within both sauces were pieces of bread, kind of large soft croutons.  They tasted great (since the sauce was great), and the meat went very well with both sauces.Service was VERY friendly- our server really was accommodating and helpful and kept our glasses of water very full.  When it got busy a little later, it was a little bit slow to get our check, but not unreasonably so and it was clear he was very busy helping other tables around us.Prices are reasonable for that quality- the big appetizer was $10, and the entrees were $10-15 each.If it was in west Durham, I'd go frequently, but even with the distance, it's a place I'd enjoy making the trek out to periodically.  DEFINITELY worth trying if you're in the Cary area.  I liked it far better than Bergama in Durham.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2011,9/30/2011,73,116,9,7,3>Really liked this place spotted it out of the corner of my eye literally) so i hung a left and stopped in. i walked in and sat at the bar and ordered my food the "cucumber specialty rolls which consisted of avocado and crab wrapped around what else cucumber"Shut The Front DOOR". The presentation was great and the rolls were something to truly slap a family member over just not mama..ok. wash it all done with a nice pinot grigio....now thats good eatin. They do have a nice selection for liquors and wines didn't see any beer though but thats not to say it wasn't there. the decor was very nice with Japanese light fixtures and kimonos hanging on the wall,gave it a nice touch. For first impressions they get the ol five thumbs up GET OUT AND GET SUM!!
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2010,9/29/2011,69,172,,8,5>I was lucky enough to win a gift certificate to Cameron's at Yelp's Pop Culture-Palooza. I finally got it in my hands (thanks, Christina G.!), just in time for the holidays.I made a trip over to Cameron's which is housed in University Mall. It's at the end near Dillard's. This place is really cool and eclectic. You really could find something in here for everyone on your list. There are books and trinkets, jewelry, hand cream and perfume. Tons of stationery upstairs, and really  neat things for the cook in your life. The retro magnets were cracking me up, and I could really spend a long time browsing. Even though it was a little hectic in there with the holiday shoppers, the staff kept it cool and were helpful and friendly.It's nice to shop local and buy unique gifts that I know my family will not have expected, or be able to return!
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,9/28/2011,66,252,,5,3>We leisurely strolled in here a few Saturdays back looking for a nice and relaxing late lunch. The owner/manager greeted us and had us sit anywhere we'd like. He happily went over the menu with us and we decided to try the flight of wines and charcuterie platter with the empanadas. We elected to not have the names of the wines disclosed to us until after we were done - to see if we could guess. Everything came out beautifully on a large wooden platter. We shared the various meats, cheeses, and nuts. We both had our own empanada. All of the foods were tasty and nicely presented. The empanada could have used some extra seasoning or something to dip it in, but it was nicely cooked. We tested out the wines and were completely stumped. We went back and forth tasting and testing - and sniffing - and swirling - but still we just could not come up with them! The only wine we could guess was a Pinot. The other was a Merlot, which we do not drink a lot of, and the last one - the one we liked the best was a Bernardo. We liked all three tastings and all of them were hearty pours. We thanked the owner for the game of figuring out what we were drinking and purchased a bottle of the Bernardo to take home. We'll definitely return again to test out the wall of wines.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,9/27/2011,154,244,2,8,4>Saigon Grill was my first meal out after moving to Durham (awwww). I was exhausted, my fridge was bare, and it was hot as Vietnam out when I felt a craving for something light and fresh, but filling. I specifically wanted something from my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Boston.So I fired up Yelp, of course, and picked Saigon Grill.Pulling up, the place looked closed for the day, but fortunately was open. My server was soft-spoken but quick. I ordered by number so as not to embarrass myself and got #26: Bún Gà Xào (vermicelli noodle salad with sautéed chicken, onions and lemongrass) and was so, so pleased. It was exactly what I was craving.I ate about half of my meal and had the still-so-tasty leftovers for lunch the next day. That breaks down to about $4.00 a meal (not counting tip)!!!What keeps this place from getting a fifth star is this:1. Despite saying they close at 8:00pm, it was evident that the closing process starts--and finishes--much earlier than that. Before I was done eating, the chairs not in use were on top of their respective tables, the neon "open" light was turned off, and I started getting the "eat faster" glare.2. They don't have bánh mì.
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2011,9/26/2011,104,463,2,6,4>This place is a little tricky to find near the corner of University and Shannon Rd, but it's worth the hunt. It's tucked into the ground level of what appears to be an office building.We were warmly welcomed by the host and hostess and offered the opportunity to sit inside or out. The tables are very sturdy looking wood with big comfy leather chairs. The decor is kind of a trendy, hipster, urban feel. There are several plasma TVs, but they are rotating with screen saver-type designs and some are scrolling menus like you might see at an old train station. I'm told they won't show sports on them to avoid turning the place into a sports bar. If you need alternative entertainment, there's a Wii projecting on one of the walls that was featuring Super Mario Bros. 2.  Quirky!The wine selection has some very modestly priced bottles (in the $20-30 range) along with a few pricier selections. There are also some nice choices by the glass.Of course, the beers are the feature here and there are many. The menu does a good job of describing the flavors. We got a tremendous amount of help from our server, Colin, who offered a few recommendations based on my description of what I might be looking for. I am a novice beer drinker and he was very patient and educational. I found the beer prices to be similarly well priced to the wine.As for the food, we had very tasty meals. I had the bratwurst and my wife had the avocado garnished sirloin. Both were delicious, though my wife thought her steak portion was a little on the smaller side. The bratwurst was different than I've experienced bratwurst before. It was a very filling meal with deep rich flavors. For an appetizer, we shared the mozzarella offering, which was a soft mozzarella with a deliciously tart heirloom tomato chutney. The flavors of this little app were very complex and intriguing.For dessert, we split the chocolate-strawberry milkshake. It was very rich, and a good dessert to share.The food is a little spendy, definitely still in the $$ range on Yelp, but a little closer to the high end for the portion and type of food your getting. I would describe them as variations on traditional comfort foods.Overall, I think this would be more of a nice night out drinking spot than a regular dinner spot for me. They have several small plates and sharing one of the larger ones might be a good way to enjoy a smaller meal while enjoying their large drink selection.The decor is definitely interesting and different and makes for a neat scene.  If you're a fan of City Beverage on 751 and 54, definitely give this a try. It has some similarities, but the atmosphere is good for a change of pace and the drink selection (at least from a beer and wine standpoint) seems superior.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2010,9/25/2011,64,264,5,9,2>Almost everything I've tried on the lunch menu has been fabulous. My fave is the veggie bánh mì with marinated tofu spiced with the perfect amount of mint, dressed with pickled carrots, daikon, and cilantro. The veggie BLTC was delicious and filling, with fresh buffalo mozzarella oozing out. The turkey burger is pretty moist and pairs well with Granny Smith apples and brie. The only thing I was 'ok' about was the chickpea veggie burger (sorry, Helena!)  Flavours were great, but it seemed dry and felt like it needed some kind of sauce; also, side salad that day was soggy with too much dressing. However, the garlic fries are always a crowd-pleaser...just don't plan on kissing anyone afterwards.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,11/7/2014,230,281,2,5,3>Peace is in my regular lunch rotation, and I visit once every few weeks. It is a counter service restaurant that is clean, fast, and consistently good. I can indulge with some general tso's chicken, or I can be healthy with the steamed chicken and mixed vegetables. The food stands out from other Chinese options in the area; it is not as greasy and the menu features grass fed beef and gluten-free options.The counter has everything you could want - including chopsticks, sriracha, soy sauce, mustard, fortune cookies, and more. They also have outdoor seating. The only thing that is a little weird is the music they play over their speakers... maybe it is different at night, but my coworkers and I always get a kick out of the uptempo pop/electronic that doesn't really vibe with the restaurant.
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2014,11/6/2014,39,190,3,3,3>After my husband and I had a fancy dinner date downtown, we decided to see if we could finally stop in for a cupcake. After several unsuccessful tries, we finally struck it lucky. It was about 20 min to close and the selection was limited to three different types, but I wasn't expecting them to have rolled out a full menu with 20 min to left in their day. I really wanted to try the not so red velvet that everyone raves about, and it was one of the flavors available, so I was psyched and not overly concerned about the lack of selection. Red velvet is my litmus test-- if they can do that well, I'll probably be more excited to try other exotic flavors. It did not disappoint. The cake was fabulously moist with a non-synthetic taste (I've had a few from fancy bakeries that have tasted this way) and the cream cheese frosting is to die for. I really wish I had picked up more than one. The customer service was great-- we made a comment about how we seem to always come when they were closed (mostly due to our work/school schedules) and that we were excited to finally be able to stop in. She smiled and made small talk; we didn't want to stay in and eat so close to the end of the day, so we took our cupcakes home. It's probably a good thing for us because I would have tried more. I found the price to be more than reasonable, especially compared to what I've paid in other shops in NC.  I can't wait to go back.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,11/5/2014,48,78,1,7,4>The main chef left and has been replaced by a new Taiwanese chef. So far the entrees have been average, lacking the complexity of the earlier chef. The good news is that the Dim Sum chef is the same and no loss on quality so far. I have started to only order Dim Sum. A shame, but still worth it. This of course is the Chinese side and not the buffet. And stars are only for the Dim Sum.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2014,11/4/2014,110,135,3,6,3>Do not let the fact that this was the first burger I'd had after two straight weeks of nothing but rice and greens taint your opinion of the validity of this review. This place is awesome regardless. High quality ingredients, great little atmosphere. I enjoyed the combination of their specialty burgers, though I opted to make my own anyway because I'm a lady and we're sometimes difficult. I also highly recommend the truffle fries. There's a couple other variations of their fries as well including sweet potato fries that I'd be willing to bet are delicious. Also, can we discuss the milkshake situation? I feel like we need to. They look heavenly, and there are several options. Since you Raleigh people seem to be super health-conscious (especially you silly young professionals I always run into in Target in your yoga pants...we get it, you care), there is a half-size milkshake available. You're welcome.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2014,11/3/2014,32,177,3,6,2>A gourmet hole in the wall just down the street from downtown Durham. The interior is an L-shaped bar with a few tables and basically looks like a remodeled garage. But the plates they put out from the kitchen are something else indeed. They post the daily specials online in the afternoon, and they tend to be pretty much the same for a week or so and then change completely. Last night it was wagyu roast beef on ciabatta with pickles, red onion, horseradish cream, gruyere and arugula with a side of fries or salad at $11. It was absolutely delicious and a great bargain. I've also had amazing spicy seafood spaghetti, great roast duck and beautiful lamb pot roast there as well. They even got me to eat Brussels sprouts there once by chopping bacon in them and sautéing them in bacon fat and butter. The servers are very casual, but they don't mind helping you select a beer or describing the food in detail. Occasionally, there's an odd character in there (I mean scary-odd, not just grunge band-odd) so check the place out before you pick a seat so that you won't be sitting next to an old man making guttural sounds and dipping his napkin into his whiskey and tonic (?!). But if you're into the Triangle food scene and you haven't tried Federal yet, then check out the specials online and make a point to get there.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,11/2/2014,19,99,1,8,5>This will probably be my new go to spot. I am in love. No frills and cash only. Nice servers and fairly quick service. Good Southern menu. I got french toast, eggs, and bacon. My bestie got Chicken fried steak, fries, and mashed potatoes. The food came with a biscuit and some AMAZING hush puppies. I loved everything and the portions are just right. Not overly crazy, but a little over just enough. I want to go back and have lunch. I also got a pepsi AND a milk. My bill was about 10 bucks and my friends was $9. I recommend this place hands down. I'll be back!
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,11/1/2014,199,740,6,8,7>I started working out on the regular a few months ago. As I started noticing results, I decided I wanted to look into some other options to change up my workout.  I wanted to take it to the next level.  I was bummed to have missed the Yelp Elite Title Boxing event, but since it had so many rave reviews, I opted to give Title a shot.I had heard about how their workout can burn up to 1000 calories, and believe me, by the time the workout was over, I felt every single one of those little buggers leave my body.  I had never done anything like this before, other than some crossfit classes; nothing has been on the level of this intensity.  Title is actually fun- crossfit, not so much.When I walked in, the front desk staff was extremely welcoming and friendly. The place is gorgeous.  I sort of pictured a Rocky/Rocky 2-esque gym and thought it would be dirty and yucky but it was the complete opposite. Not only visually appealing, the place is huge! There are a number of bags hanging on an area where the group class takes place. There is also a small boxing ring in one corner, and an area for some general gym equipment. When you walk up the Duke Blue stairs, there is an area for personal training that includes a TRX station. That area also overlooks the bags below, which makes for an awesome view.As a complete newbie to this, I walked in without knowing anything. I was able to borrow some wraps and gloves there at the gym, and the instructor, who is also a boxer (these peeps know their stuff) taught me a few punches to be able to hang in the class. No fear, when I completely blanked during the workout, he came around and showed me again.The class:15 minute warm-up that is NO JOKE!30 minutes boxing intervals that are all fun, unique and make the time go by fast!15 minutes of ab workThey offer a variety of packages for joining, and if you want some extra attention, they also offer personal training. No matter your fitness level, you HAVE to try at least one class. While intense, you can still go at your own pace so you really get out of it what you put into it. It is extremely empowering and made me feel like Superwoman when I walked out of there!
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,10/31/2014,127,203,5,11,7>This shiny little Indian restaurant has found a special place in my heart!  It's one of my favorite restaurants in downtown Raleigh, as it boasts a delicious new-Indian cuisine, fine cocktails, and impressive decor. Their bathroom is the best- the floor is covered in pennies! It began as a take-out window in a building next to Kings & Neptunes on Martin in DTR, and it grew into a stylish space with great design. They've got a large social table that's great for groups of 16-20, and there are several tables & booths aside from the 8-10 seats at the bar.  I'm pretty sure that everything on the menu is fabulous, but I'll tell you what I've had and enjoyed most.  We started with the pakora, also known as the birds nest, which is a nest of frittered veggies fried in a spicy chickpea batter, served with both tamarind and cilantro-mint chutneys. I could eat 3 of these!  To get more protein, we ordered the chicken 65, rolled in yogurt and lightly battered with a spicy sauce, topped with Indian green chilies... and you can go vegetarian with fried cauliflower instead of chicken. I often order this as an entree because it's sooo good!  IMHO, the corn cake & greens is the best entree- it's grilled corn patties atop an onion compote & yogurt paneer, served with tomatoes & fried okra.  With the rockin' decor, awesome drinks, and fabulous menu items, I'm sure Garland is hitting everyone's top lists in Raleigh.... it's by far one of the best in DTR, and I'm sure you won't disagree :)
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2014,10/30/2014,92,132,7,11,9>We pulled an audible yesterday due to the rain and ended up at Watkins Grill for a country breakfast!  The sign next to our table read, "Come for the food, stay for the rude."  I only stayed for the rude because we had to, as in waiting over a half an hour for my omelette.  I didn't feel like spending my whole afternoon at Watkins, there was Mario Kart to be played.  I can also sense the rest of the patrons were waiting inordinate amounts of time for their grub.Watkins sort of reminded of Lilly's, arguably the best pizza in the Raleigh area, in that it took an undue amount of time from ordering to eventually getting that dish in front of your face to eat.  And if you haven't seen my Hooters wing inspired physique, eating is my happy time of day.  These places aren't about building a romantic atmosphere or intimacy, and I'm not asking for the speed of a fast food restaurant, but a breakfast place shouldn't take more than 20-25 minutes to get your eggs or whatever other hot mess they are going to serve you. Lets move onto the good.  The food is great and the hash browns are chunky, definitely not prepackaged.  Watkins is an oasis among the explosive population growth of the RTP area: it has a small-town vibe in a city that is growing faster and faster due to the proliferation of IT jobs and big companies moving operations down to the triangle.  Everyone seems to know each other.  From what I can gather, the owner works here too and is hands-on.  The restaurant also has plaques and tributes to our dedicated soldiers which always tug at the heartstrings, giving this box a sense of community in a way Applebee's never could.  The prices are relatively inexpensive as well and it is worth noting that they are cash only so make sure you have a healthy supply of greenbacks.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,10/29/2014,46,89,12,11,7>Have you ever driven past a place and thought to yourself....'that place seems sketchy, i'm pretty sure i'll never go there, b/c i might be surrounded by people with no teeth, big guns and knives talking about the need to FORM OUR OWN MILITIA AND SECEDE FROM THE UNION!!!"....not that there's anything wrong with that, i just personally try to avoid the whole APOCALYPSE NOW! scene.Well, I have been driving out of wake forest into Raleigh for going on 9 years now.  Not sure how many times i drove past the big white sign with red letters that spelled out FORCE RECON, but my sense of foreboding accompanied each glace I made at that sign, in fact, i was pretty sure i even heard banjos playing a couple times.Then i got married.  And all I have heard since my husband has seen it is, "I wanna go there"  "When are we going to go there?"......me: *glare*  Today we were headed into Raleigh, and it was a bright beautiful day, and before we passed it I heard, "Can we go there TODAY HONEY?!?!?"  *sigh*  I suppose today is as good as any to die or join a militia......But as we closed in on the place I noticed that the sign had changed, and 2 businesses are located there.  Force Recon and Grannie K's Attic (a children's clothing store), my sense of foreboding began to dissipate as I thought to myself, surely  with a kid's clothing store located beside it, it can't be as scary as I believe.We pulled into the parking lot of what looks like a house.  Inside we found a well lite, well organized business with a gentleman behind the register, who i assume is the owner based on the way he talked and his knowledge of what he carries in store.  He was probably one of the NICEST, FRIENDLIEST woodsie type guys you will ever met.Located in the front of the house you will find a GIANT, colorful, assortment of para cord.  So if you're into making the bracelets THIS IS THE PLACE TO GO!  and if you're not but you like to wear them, they have bracelets ready for you!  Also in the front of the house is a vast assortment of knives (Nicely tucked away into a case),     various hunting accessories, vests, and camo stuff.The Nice 'owner guy' (I think his name is Daniel based on the business card we swiped while there) told us that if we went through the kitchen there were 3 more rooms of stuff in the back.  Back there we found  rooms with socks, gloves, military boots, military bags/pouches, and (used) military garb, all for reeeeeally good prices.  (We bought the hubbie a jacket liner for $10)It was a nice big selection, although size wise (for the used military stuff) you should probably be....not husky, lol.  I mean think about it, ever guy/gal i know that has been in the military (THANKS FOR YOUR SERVICE!  YOU ROCK MY FACE OFF!) Is in really good shape.  So you might not find the sizes you want if you're on the high end of average. :DBut that aside, this really is a great little store, very well done in a house.  So don't be scared as you drive by, ignore the banjos you think you here, and stop in.  There's a lot of fun stuff here, even for girls!
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,6/29/2014,362,488,1,4,3>This place surprised me. I went with my boyfriend and his family for Thursday night dinner and the restaurant wasn't crowded. Our waitress was mindful we had a one year old and made sure to position our plates out of reach, etc. or we will be stuck with a big mess. While the family stuck to the grilled menu, my boyfriend and I stuck with the sushi. I got the four piece Nigiri appetizer and we ordered a bunch of rolls to share. I  was surprised how fresh the sushi was and the presentation was very pretty. Also we got the Buy 1st sushi roll, get the 2nd one free deal, Worth it! But I think it only applies to Sunday - Thursday. Check with your waiter first! Everyone enjoyed their meals and we plan to come back here again.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,6/28/2014,179,340,,8,4>While I very much appreciate the "mom and pop" nature of the shop, as well as the "less is more" business model, I can't say it was the very BEST hot dog I've ever tasted.  Pretty good, but I can't bill it as "amazing" or "the best dog EVER". It was very cheap.  6.50 for two hot dogs and a diet coke in a little bottle.  Quick service.  I sat at the counter. (It would have been in poor form NOT to sit there.)The couple who worked there were friendly- the lady had on this smock- a cross between an apron and a shirt with snap-up buttons and it brought a wave of nostalgia. My grandmother used to wear these when she was doing housework.  It seemed perfectly appropos for this venue with its tiled walls, hand-written menu posted to said tiled wall, and red bar stools that have probably been there for many-a-year.   There is also a screen door that slams shut and a dated TV mounted to the wall in the back, playing some fuzzy station.  The hours are very short.  They close by 4 every day (closed all-together on Sunday), so plan wisely.  A bright spot to a rough day I've been having.  I dig it.  Retro.  Good.  Close to my apartment.  A big solid, resounding, retro "Yeah Man! Right on!"
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,6/27/2014,51,119,3,9,7>We all know that the Greenway system in Raleigh has really raised the level of outdoor recreation in the area. And since much of it is centered around the Neuse River, I'd say it's time we all start using and protecting this asset as much as possible. I mostly use the river for canoeing (as I did today), and it's always a blast. For canoes, kayaks, and tubes you have a few options for getting on the river. I bought my own canoe, but you can always rent at Paddle Creek, but honestly, it's over-priced. If you want to go once, then stick with them, but if you like hitting the river with regularity, then buy a boat - they're not too expensive. Or, you can grab some tubes, but make sure you get the sturdy black ones. I generally launch at the dam or, if I don't want to do quite as long of a trip, I'll put in at Capital under the bridge. You can float down to Horseshoe Park or all the way down to Anderson. It's about 3 hours from the dam Horseshoe and about 5 from the dam to Anderson. It's quiet, full of wild-life and wonderfully peaceful.
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,6/26/2014,104,463,6,8,5>MULCH MOUNTAIN!We called on a Thursday to set up bulk mulch delivery. The man on the phone told me he thought they could squeeze us in on Saturday, but that it would likely be in the afternoon and depend on how busy it was in their shop. He was very clear and made no promises. I was fine with this since I was calling on what I thought was relatively short notice. I did not have high hopes for Saturday.Well, my phone rang at 10 a.m. Saturday and they were ready to deliver. The dump truck was at our house within the hour. Quick in and out. Woo hoo!It turned out that we ordered more than we needed. In fact, we were able to help a few of our neighbors by mulching several of their flower beds, too. We used the calculator on The Rock Shop website and measured our planting beds, but maybe we rounded up too much. Most of what we were doing was from scratch--that is no mulch previously in these areas. Three inches was a recommended depth, but if you are trying to save money you might order two inches worth. Like I said, I think we were able to lay it on pretty thick and we covered more area than we planned and still have a few wheelbarrows-full left over.My wife and I worked for about 7 hours to lay 8 cubic yards. I mention this not to impress you, but to give you some scale. Your mileage may vary, of course. You will want to have a wheelbarrow, a pitchfork, and a wide-base shovel (not a spade, but like a snow shovel). If you do not have these tools it will take you much longer!The mulch we chose was shredded hardwood. It looks great and was very clean. No debris or bugs inside. The delivery charge was $50 and the mulch price seemed competitive to me. I will be calling next year for more (but also less)!
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,6/25/2014,77,57,2,7,5>My boyfriend and i decided to take a drive to the lake since raleigh had a brief spring warm up. As we pulled around and found and parking spot i was taken away by how beautiful it was. The lake itself was like a gift to the eyes. We stood near the shoreline and stared into the waves as though it were a painting from the heavens. After we got lost in our thought we decided to walk a few of its various trails. The trails were man made from constant hikers , although i was a little apprehensive about walking through there were several signs marked on trees so that you knew you were still kn the trail. There are plenty of shelters to accommodate groups (some with fireplaces) and also picnic tables scattered throughout. Great place to go fishing or just for a relaxing walk. I will return soon so that i can explore the rest of the beautiful scenery
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,6/24/2014,19,145,,5,4>So happy to discover Sukho Thai Massage.After traveling to Thailand and discovering the greatness that is Thai massage, I used to get Thai massages semi-regularly back in San Francisco before we moved to the Triangle.  Nothing ever could really compare to the value and the actual benefit to the hurts-so-good massage that the Thai places could provide.Fast forward a couple of years later, and after many months of a massage-less existence after having the bar set so high, I discovered Sukho Thai Massage had been open for a few months, and just down the street from my house nonetheless!  Woohoo!I got my first massage a couple of weeks ago and it didn't disappoint at all.  The place is super nice as are the therapists who work there.  It even turned out my masseuse used to work in SF around the same time I was around.  Small world!Super happy to discover Sukho massage.  Great place.  I'll be back.  (oh, and their tea after the massage is fantastic as well).
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,6/23/2014,118,144,2,8,3>After too many disappointments, I was hoping Kadhai would be a lauded restaurant that did not disappoint me. There were a few bumps along the road, but as a whole, I liked Kadhai.I walked in with my friend for dinner after the rush one night. We were not greeted for a good few minutes, and I legitimately wondered if they were closing early. Fortunately they weren't - a server finally glanced over at us and motioned us over to a table. I guess that works.Goat is one protein that I've always wanted to try, so I didn't need to carefully peruse the menu to know that I wanted the goat curry for $16.00. When asked, I decided 8/10 on the spiciness level would be enough for me. Entrees are served with rice. Naan (Indian bread) is a sine non qua of any Indian meal, but is extra at dinner time. I ordered garlic naan for $2.99.Prior to the entrees arriving, we were served papad (wafer thin crackers) with a yogurt sauce. The papad was delicious, and I wish the server would've stopped at our table to refill the basket prior to our entrees arriving.The entrees arrived in a timely enough manner, and I noticed the oil separating in the curry, indicative of it being cooked at an improper temperature. Still, the goat curry was delicious, if not a tad on the mild side. I was delighted by the tenderness of the goat meat. Spicy food junkies should go for the full 10/10. Entrees are easily enough for two people with average appetites to share. Still, I decided to finish off the meal with a mango lassi for $3.50. I have no benchmark to compare this with, but I still felt underwhelmed by it. 4 stars - Kadhai is probably one of the better Indian restaurants in Raleigh. I enjoyed my meal here. Somewhat slack service combined with minor flaws in the food prevents Kadhai from reaching greatness.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,6/22/2014,65,109,1,6,5>Last night was my 2nd visit to Kimbap. It's a rather small space with a large open kitchen, surrounded by a bar where you can sit and watch the chefs at work. There are also several tables inside and out. Our 15 minute wait was significantly longer due to group lingering over waters (come on guys I'm starving! Can't you feel me staring holes thru you?), so when the bar opened up we pounced on it.Kimbap has a small menu, and they also list specials on their chalkboard, along with the local farms that supply their ingredients. According to their website, all the food is sustainably grown in NC. Our group started with the house made dumplings. They offer veggie or pork. I tried the pork dumplings and they were really tasty. I rarely order beef in restaurants unless I know where it came from (the book Fast Food Nation ruined beef for me), but because the meat is local, I ordered the bibimbap with bulgogi (beef). It's a rice bowl topped w/ kimchi, seasonal veggies, sunny side up egg and you can have it with beef or tofu. Oh my it was delicious! The egg was perfectly cooked (white was solid, yolk runny), meat was lean and grizzle free (I don't like grizzle), and veggies/kimchi were so tasty. I added some siracha like sauce (might be siracha mixed with soy sauce?) and mixed it all together. Delightful! The portion was very generous, so I was able to enjoy the rest for breakfast.My only issue is the name Kimbap reminds me of the song MMMbop, and I can't get that Hanson song out of my head! Haha. Food and service were wonderful and I'm looking forward to trying more of their menu.
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,6/21/2014,0,9,,5,4>Anyone from Raleigh knows that Finch's is the go to place for breakfast and brunch. While the decor might be slightly date and rough around the edges, the food is about as good as you'll get in Raleigh. The atmosphere is extremely friendly and laid back, perfect for a lazy Sunday destination! If i had to recommend anything it would be the country ham, but everything is delicious.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,6/20/2014,81,225,4,13,6>FINALLY! Cilantro is up and running! I've been craving my favorite Indian dish for a couple months now! Previously affectionally known as "that awesome indian gas station food", Cilantro is now a full-blown restaurant! *applause* The place looks great! Plenty of room for crowds and they're in a popular area for business people to come have lunch. I truly hope they do well.I wasn't able to stay and eat dinner here this particular night, so I called my order in 20 minutes before coming, and sure enough, they remembered my name! It's family run and they are a very friendly one. The kids are helping out at this place as well and they are just as professional and polite as ever. My food was ready when I got there and I was set!While I was waiting for the people in front of me to order, I took a look around. It looks like they're using the system where you order first, they give you a number stand to put on your table and you seat yourself anyplace you like. They've got a whole case of desserts available too! I'll definitely be trying some of those next time! I'm a creature of habit and I've found my favorite dish there--Chicken Wing Tandoori. But I've never had a bad dish, so I'd recommend trying everything!If you haven't tried Cilantro yet because you were wary of the gas station aspect, then your worries have been solved! Head over to Cilantro to have a nice dinner out with great service and great food.
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,11/29/2013,89,410,,6,4>I have to admit in all of my 16 years of living here In Raleigh, I had never really visited the area except for a brief visit to an arts and crafts festival a year or so ago. Ok I am not really into the great outdoors, so it wasn't at the top of my priority list. But having seen it featured a few times on house hunters, I asked hubby where is this place that appears so beautiful here in Raleigh? This past Saturday with fall like weather and an itch to get out and explore, we took our little dog to Pullen Park. I felt like I had stepped back In time to a place in my life when I was a child and had discovered the wonder of the carousel, train ride and paddle boats. We had a fantastic time people watching at the park while toting along our traffic stopping hairless dog that the children wanted to know about.Ticket prices aren't bad, food for sale and a great park for kids to play, birthday parties to have, it was certainly a lovely place to spend the afternoon and I am glad I got a chance to experience what is possibly one of the nicest highlights to our city.
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2013,11/28/2013,127,203,1,7,4>If you're in downtown Raleigh and searching for a good Sunday brunch, this should be first on your list.  I haven't been there for dinner, but their brunch buffet certainly won't disappoint.  It's certainly not your typical buffet- they have a carving station, several international entrees, cooked-to-order omelets & waffles, desserts, and other breakfast stuff.. all for $19/person!  We snagged a Groupon voucher for one visit, so that rocked.  The atmosphere is quite nice, and there's this beautiful waterfall wall in the middle of the dining room :)  They don't require dressy attire, though I wouldn't go in looking too sloppy.  There's valet parking too, but there's always ample free parking on the streets on Sunday.We've been on two different Sundays now, and each time we go, we've made a reservation on OpenTable.  I recommend doing this because they're quite full and always seem to have a wait.  Buku has several patio tables as well as a large dining room that can accommodate small and large parties.  Though I didn't see if they have a bar area, they do make cocktails and tasty coffee drinks. On the buffet, you'll find an array of international lunch dishes ranging from hummus, cous cous, spanakopita, spring rolls, pork dumplings, fried chicken, and potato salad.  For breakfast items, you can choose from scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, veggie burritos, quiche bites, fruit, yogurt, and granola.  They also have a carving station with roast beef, ham, and turkey.  As if that's not enough, they have cooked-to-order omelettes and Belgian waffles with multiple toppings.  To top it off, they have several different dessert bites.  I love the pork dumplings, spring rolls, fried chicken, and waffles.  They also have a peanut nutella granola dessert that totally rocks your taste buds.  When the server brings your check, they bring a plate with small dessert tarts on it that have been different both times we've been.  It's quite a nice touch and great way to end a fantastic meal.  The experience is quite wonderful and the breakfast is even better... I highly recommend it to anyone in DTR on a Sunday morning/afternoon!
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,11/27/2013,289,148,12,20,12>Well hells bells. I have been hearing the whispering on the wind about Rose's for a few months now and didn't have time to check them out opening weekend. However, I got off work a little earlier than usual tonight, shot a txt to my dude about date night and away we ran to Rose's.Rose's is not overly fluffy in appearance. You got your meat and you got your sweets. It's counter service and as far as I could tell it intends to stay that way. I like it. I think since it was opening week some of the sweets had flown the coop but the meat was in full array in shiny new looking glass cases. I was bemoaning the low lighting in those cases because it didn't make for great photo ops, else I would have some posted with this review. Who doesn't like glossy photo after photo of carefully placed raw meat things?On the dinner menu was Smoked Pork Ribs with a side of Coleslaw and Potato Salad. My dude and ordered that with the blueberry and peach pie, the flourless chocolate cake, and 2 hand made, wax wrapped caramels. I was taking a lot of photos, so many, at one point the beardo behind the counter asked if I was from around town. If I got embarrassed I would have flushed at his remark but I am no mere mortal so I chirped back, "Nope, I live right here!" I mean I would live in a meat case if I could. Except the part where the meat is raw and would probably make for some bad times. Plus who would buy it as they walked by the case to see me flossing my teeth. I digress.The ribs were amazing, really tender meat, amazing sauce, and scant in fat. One of the biggest reasons this business gets my 5 star review is because they didn't use mayo on their potato salad OR their coleslaw. Both were bangin' with freshness and impeccable flavor. I found myself laughing a weird laugh as I ate the coleslaw, it was just that damn good! The pie was crumbly, tart and sweet, and the crust was spot on. I think I do not like flourless cake, because I didn't like this one but refuse to blame the baker for it. Because. The DAMN PIE.Durham is getting so hot that it's becoming a red hot dinner time poker. Rose's sealed that deal with the devil. They had to, with ribs that good. Damn y'all.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,11/26/2013,58,77,1,7,4>Wow! I can't believe it's taken me so long to try this place! We went on A Saturday night and were seated immediately. We ordered the smoked beef and pork kielbasa with sauerkraut as an appetizer, which was very tasty. I had a hard time choosing an entree, as they all sounded delicious! I decided on a special; the jäger schnitzel. Delicious and the mushroom gravy was to die for. It came with spaetzle and red cabbage. The cabbage was as good my German Uncle's which is saying a lot because he makes the best red cabbage ever. My hubby had the cinnamon rubbed pork chop with spinach ravioli and butter beans, all completely amazing. We finished with the apple strudel. I would have taken a picture if it, but it arrived while I had gone to the restroom and my husband had already devoured a good portion of it in the two minutes I was away. The restaurant is small and cozy and service was great! Our Server was so helpful with the beer menu and in helping us choose dinner options. We will definitely be frequenting this place often! I'm already craving it again! And next time I will definitely get the pierogies! I've heard great things!
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,11/25/2013,160,383,1,5,4>Fast, yummy, fresh and all good ingredients. Peace China is really good, and added a little of their own flare to it - my Kung Pao was different and very good! It is a very clean restaurant with very reasonable prices! Portions sizes are more than acceptable and the food has a very clean taste to it. Check it out, you will not be disappointed!
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,11/24/2013,8,68,2,8,4>Once upon a time there were privately owned family operated Italian bakeries that made pizza, calzones, breads, cookies, and cannolis. Their wares smelled and tasted delicious. The people rejoiced to have such a bakery in their community!Oh my gosh! There still is one of these incredible shops around!  They've been in business nearly 20 years and are located in downtown Cary. My wife and I ordered a carry-out pizza from them for the first time yesterday, and so I had to spread the word. Put this store on your list to visit today!  Their store hours are limited - they close at 6PM. Try to figure out how to get there if you can. The store isn't fancy, but their products are the real deal. I've only tried their pizza, but I'm anxious to try more.
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,11/23/2013,170,196,,3,3>I love Big Boss and their beer. I am a frequent visitor here as part of their Tuesday Run Club (although admit-tingly I haven't been so frequent in the summer heat). The location, although a bit out of the way, is perfect for a nice 3 mile run followed by lots of Big Boss Beer to celebrate the fact I got through the run.This is an awesome place to hang out, complete with pool tables, lots of little hidden areas, and an open parking lot to enjoy during the warmer months. I have never had much trouble getting drinks at the bar, service is usually fairly quick, and while the bartenders certainly aren't overly friendly, they aren't jerks either.Their beer is definitely the reason I stick around. Favorites include their Angry Angel Kolsch, Hell's Bell Belgian, Saucey Pants Saison and my absolute favorite, the Harvest Time Pumpkin Ale. My favorite thing about Fall is pumpkin beer, and Big Boss really knows how to do it up right. They hold several special events throughout the year with live music, specialty casks and more. If you haven't been to Big Boss yet, you are truly missing out on a Raleigh treasure, and I suggest you head there now. Like right now.
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,11/22/2013,18,134,4,3,3>I don't know Kim the owner but I love  her anyway! I love her for respecting humanity and creating food the way that it should be-fresh local and delicious. I love Asian food but I stopped eating it because the ingredients were cheap and the sodium and other additives were SO not worth it. Dumplings are my favorite but not frozen ones filled with ground eyeballs. The dumplings at Kimbap are made with such love and care and that you just wanna go steady with them. I had Kimchee in Miami a few years ago and it was so bad but the one that I had this afternoon  was spicy like a secret sexual encounter at the W hotel and so so good. The lunch is reasonable I thought I was going to need more than the $9 daily plate but I was wrong/and I learned how to get along. I wish the menu had more to offer as far as choices and that one could get an order of dumplings for $6 without anything else. I think it's insane that an order of D's on their own is $8 and a lunch with sides is $9. I find that if you order two or three things  and you get the bill you might think you were at Second Empire. BUT quality is the key to unlocking your wallet and letting the sunshine out/in.I noticed that Kim was checking me out as I took the first bite of her beautifully made food. She could tell that I was no lady but that I was certainly happy with it all! She smiled and went back to creating more magic. The place is small so come for lunch after 1pm and come early for dinner. I just wish that more places in NC had the care and love for pure delicious food made locally. Kimbap has totally made me an addict and I am now replacing my Fentanyl patches for dumplings! A healthier addiction leads to a better life and eating here will make your life healthier FO SHOW!
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,11/21/2013,1,31,1,6,4>A few visits to Groovy Duck and I'm a huge fan already! I love their shortbread/sugar duck cookies with bright yellow frosting and could eat more than I care to share online....The staff is friendly and helpful, especially if you're having trouble deciding. After my two visits I contacted Groovy Duck to schedule a wedding cake tasting. Wow. Did they blow us out of the water, the owner Beth is such a kind and laid back person. She made us awesome samples (individual sized cakes) in the flavors of our choice; lemon, red velvet, carrot, and pumpkin. Ahhh pumpkin, I could wax poetic about this cake for hours, and I have to anyone who will listen! After consuming the majority of the cake I reluctantly passed the remainder to my fiance who helped to polish it off. We discussed details with Beth and left happy and full and with the cakes we didn't manage to finish. Before getting back to our car in the parking lot we decided to turn around and book Groovy Duck. No need to try anymore bakeries, they were the one and we knew it instantly.
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,11/20/2013,67,177,,5,3>This is such a fun brewery in Durham! Saturday tours are at 1:30 PM for $3 and you get to drink all you want before and after. There's also corn hole!My favorite beer was the seasonal jalapeño offering. It slowly grew hotter the more I drank it! I also liked the one that had a hint of chocolate and raspberry... I think that is named after the dead guy they found buried there (seriously - ask about this on the tour). I tried more that I can't remember, but I definitely enjoyed them all.Note to the ladies in dresses: Beware the fans on the ground along the bar... much to your embarrassment it could blow up your skirt, so hang on tight!
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,6/2/2012,100,280,7,11,7>THIS PLACE HAS DOSAS!!  ONLY PLACE IN DURHAM/CHAPEL HILL WITH DOSAS!!  The other places that serve dosas are in Suburbian Morrisville and Cary.Cholanad takes up the prime spot of where Cypress was on Franklin St.  Even though the tally of Indian restaurants within a few block stretch is now 3, I feel Cholanad adds something unique.  Southern Indian cuisine has finally hit this point of the Triangle, take that, Suburbia!We got the lamb/lentil ball appetizers to start with.  It was served on little spoons of top of a bit of gravy.  On the menu it says it comes with "greens", but that means a small sprig of cilantro.  The lamb balls were great, you could really taste both the lamb and the lentils.For dinner we got a fish curry with dosa (See Picture).  Dosas are typical south Indian food that serves in place of rice.  It's a crispy, thin crepe-like vessel for food and can range from size of a dinner plate to size of a dinner table.  I'm used to a slightly crispier dosa, more thin.  But they made our more soft/dense than I prefer it.  It's probably because we let them know that Mark just had his wisdom teeth out so they were trying to be kind.  The fish curry was very flavorful, the tilapia was tender and flaky.  But it had no heat whatsoever.Which brings me to my biggest negative:  Westernized Indian food.  The owner and chef both came to our table and chatted with us.  Both are Tamil and both kept emphasizing how they keep everything very mild and not spicy.  Now I know many Tamils and they LOVE spicy food.  So it's odd to me that a Tamil restaurant would emphasize how NOT spicy their food is.  I guess they're trying to cater to the mild, genteel tastes of Chapel Hill folks?Make sure to verbalize your love of spicy food and how spicy you want it!Another negative is that the service was awfully disjointed.  Only the owner and chef knew anything about the menu.  Our waitress had worked there for two weeks and had no recommendations and didn't try any of the ten dishes we asked her about.  This is really bad, the servers need to try the food and know how to describe it to their patrons.  I'm pretty sure this is Restaurant 101.And the smallest negative:  MUSIC.  They were playing 80s rock music non-stop and it was oddly unsettling.  The atmosphere is classy, the prices are somewhat high, and the food is Indian.  But then you have the musical styling of Queen?!  I'm not saying Cholanad should play cheesy Bollywood ballads, but some more atmosphere-appropriate music would be better.I debated between 3 and 4 stars, but I think the food we got was delicious and I would definitely repeat despite the oddities and hiccups.Cholanad, you were delicious and I look forward to your future.  But you definitely still have some rough spots that you need to sort out.
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,6/1/2012,67,201,,5,5>I was a bit nervous about going to a 'fast food' Indian joint. Bad memories of airport and mall food were creeping in, but that turns out not to be true at all.So here's what the deal is:They make curry rice bowls.Tons of fresh veggies to choose from.Chicken, fish, and tofu.3 curry sauces.Brown or white rice.The sauces are gluten free, don't use dairy (I think), so they are really striving for a healthy approach here.You pick your ingredients, they go in a sauce pan over a induction-looking hot plate, and several minutes later your food is good to go.You can get samosas and nan to go, but the portion size is pretty decent.I went with a 'protein bowl', which was a bunch of veggies and the tofu. I added a mix of the hot and middle curry sauces with white rice. It was pretty darned good, and not too expensive.I'm definitely going to return here. Now if only I could get my 2YO to try it.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2012,5/31/2012,15,112,2,5,4>My father-in-law, bless him, got us a 2012 MiniPlan for Christmas, and today was the first game of the season for us! It was so nice to go when it's not 400 degrees...All the things you love about the DBAP are still here: Wool E., Lucky the Wonder Dog, the sumo wrestlers, the bull that spews smoke for home runs (from the Bulls players, of course!), things for kiddies to do, beer, hot dogs, and oh, yes, the baseball. This year looks to be a "rebuilding year," as they say, given that most of last year's players seem to have been called up. But that's OK.There are some improvements for this season, too. Among them are the new food vendors: Bright Leaf Hot Dogs, Moe's Southwest Grill, Papa John's pizza, Rita's Italian Ice, and the Carolina Brewery. Very, very happy to get coffee at the ballpark now! And the game? I'll let them tell it: "Just when it looked like the Durham Bulls and Gwinnett Braves would head to extra innings for the third straight game, Leslie Anderson delivered a walk-off double to give the Bulls a 6-5 victory." Now that's an ending!Do yourself a favor and take the family to the ballpark. You won't regret it.
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2011,5/30/2012,66,89,5,6,4>I LOVE fried chicken.  Beasley's was everything I expected it to be (because I'd checked the prices, and hadn't heard talk of Michelin stars), and almost more.  For the amount of DELICIOUS food I received, the money I spent here turned out to be a more rewarding investment than my marriage license.  I had a quarter chicken (white), with mac and cheese, and the meatloaf with mashed potatoes. (I've since had the chicken w/ waffles, and the buscuits). I guess I don't generally eat out with expectations to taste the "best" food...I want to experience delicious, different food.  I love local eateries over chains any day.  Beasley's has it's own flavor, and that is why I love it (I've been back twice since my original visit, less than a month ago).  It's better than food my mom or I could make, but gives me that all-over good feeling I get when eating home cooked meals.  This is the best fried chicken I've had in North Carolina.  The chicken was so moist, and the skin was perfection - crunchy, flavorful, and a beautiful golden-brown color.  I was a bit weirded out by the thought of honey on chicken but it worked.  I also had hot sauce on mine and all the flavors together...well, let's just say I teared up a bit.  The meatloaf was topped with some sort of bacon puree that is wonderful, adds very nicely to the flavor, and it all sits atop mashed potatoes.  The names of these dishes are much fancier than I can remember, and the ingredients are very appetizing - and all of the flavors come through.  My dessert - apple cake with sour cream ice cream (and I've tasted all of their desserts) - was good, not spectacular, but I was so happy and full by then that they could have served me pomegranite dishwater and I'd have gone with the flow.  The waitstaff are very friendly and Urban Outfitters-ish.  The restaurant's decor isn't distracting or annoying, and the crowd is mixed.  I regularly find families with small children, which is cool.  It was just a great eating experience.  I was food-drunk.  It was the bomb.Oh, and one review noted that BCH reeks of "white-girl poser"...White Girl, from one chicken-loving Sister, if you're posing, you're Vogue-ing your butt off.  Ya done good.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,5/29/2012,141,548,2,7,4>There's much to like about Dalat.  They do lunchtime Vietnamese staples (banh mi, pho, etc) very well, and on top of that they have a very extensive menu of classic dishes (caramelized fish in clay pot, cubed steak, etc) and various specialties.  In addition, they have Thai and Chinese menus, though I haven't yet tried anything off of them.Prices are reasonable and service is friendly (if slightly on the slow side).  Overall it's probably my current favorite Vietnamese restaurant in the city.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,5/28/2012,84,91,3,6,6>I'll admit, when I first rolled into the industrial park where Big Boss resides I thoughts to myself: "Self, it's 10pm on a Friday night and you're driving around an industrial park in search of beer? New low."As I rounded the last corner before Big Boss I saw the lights of the outside patio with a friendly (and later rowdy) crowd of beer-drinkers.With a sigh of relief, we parked and headed inside. You'll head up the stairs (not wise to attempt in heels) to the taproom and set your senses free. With a whiff of fresh beer lingering in the air you'll most likely hear billiards, ping pong, darts and/or shuffleboard being played in the rooms surrounding the bar.My friends and I joined the crowd at the bar where we ordered two flights of beer (at $5 each) while we got our bearings of what was located in this hidden, hip little spot.My friends and I settled in a dimly lit room with couches and commenced a rousing game of "20 Questions" which later turned into "Would You Rather?"Final verdict: very snazzy spot. But I can foresee it being a bit annoying in some of it's busier hours. This taproom reminded me of a party house equipped with a built in bar with fresh, tasty beer. I shall return. Thirsty.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2011,5/27/2012,26,102,5,7,3>Houston, we have a problem. My house is full of delicious bread and I can't stop eating it!Bread and Butter has only been open for a month or so, but I think it's set to do really well based on my experience. Friendly people and amazing baked fare - how can you go wrong? Today I succumbed to the olive herb bread and the cinnamon raisin bread. Joel will have to install a lock on the bread box when he comes home so I don't eat the entire olive herb loaf. I'm not a butter fan but am finding it goes particularly well with triple creme Brie (looks at waistline, shakes head sadly).Bread and Butter does two very customer-friendly things: offers half loaves at $3.50, exactly half the price of a full loaf; and sells day-old loaves at half price. The cinnamon raisin loaf I bought today was baked yesterday and still tastes delicious. Here's hoping it freezes well or I will be even more blimp-shaped by week end.All Bread and Butter is missing is a little ambience in the interior - it feels a bit "tired" in there - and perhaps they could team up with local producers to stock interesting cheeses/spreads to accompany their breads...then this will surely be a five star joint.
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2011,5/26/2012,68,67,,4,5>Moo moo mister cow! Chucks, downtown Raleigh is the place for the beef lover in you! I took a lunch trip down to sample their burgers after hearing great things about it.  I arrived with a coworker around noon.  This seemed like the best time to go.  The restaurant was not filled up yet and we were able to get seating immediately.  The décor is gives you a feeling like you have walked into a minimalist art piece.  Black tables and red chairs everywhere.  Very sparse, but not in a bad way at all.  The wait staff was there to help us very quickly.  They offered us information about the burgers and also any questions about the various sauces for their fries.  I order the High and The Valley burger and my lunchmate order the Big House Burger.  We both ordered fries on the side.  All of Chucks' burgers are half pound, but you can get 5 oz. versions of any of them.  For lunch, I would recommend going with the 5 oz. version.  It, with the fries, was enough to fill us both up.  For the fry's sauce, I got the Sweet Chili sauce and my partner got the Malt Vinegar aioli.  The Sweet Chili was amazing. The Malt Vinegar aioli however was a little too mayonnaisey.  My lunchmate ended up stop using his aioli and started using my sauce.  No problem, because there was plenty to spare.  Total on bill was a little over 9 bucks, so for lunch, not a bad price.  I look forward to adding Chucks into my regular lunch routine and may even have to make a few night runs so I can look into their milkshakes.  The people next to use order one and it looked divine.  Based on how quick they finished it, it must have been tasty too.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2012,5/25/2012,66,67,2,6,2>Went for lunch on Chinese New Year's to get my annual serving of good luck noodles.  We went at lunch time.  It was quiet but I did notice a good amount of take out going on.  This location is located right by Raleighwood.  It doesn't look like much from the outside, but I'm glad that I am a Yelper and got more info on this place.  It's a little tucked away.  It has a cozy atmosphere with high booths, so it feels like you have some privacy. I ordered scallion pancakes, Shanghai soup dumplings, and braised beef noodle soup.    My husband ordered the pork and shredded pepper soup noodles.  The scallion pancakes were yummy and greasy.  Not as good as my Nini's (grandmother) but that's probably impossible.  The Shanghai soup dumplings were a star.  Do not go to this restaurant without ordering them.  Just put one on your soup spoon and take a little bite.  Let the steam and the soup pour out.  Enjoy the aroma.  Take a sip of the soup but be careful because it's hot.  Try not to devour the whole dumpling.  Make sure you take the moment to enjoy.  I'm sure that they are the best in the triangle.   Beef noodle soup is one of my comfort foods.  It reminds me of home.  The beef noodle soup was in a great broth.  The beef was very tender.  Nice noodles.  I probably should have asked for it to be spicy.  I think it would've been even better. I'm going to wait to try the spicy before I compare them Grand Asia's.  My husband said his noodles were great.  Very spicy as he started to hiccup.  That's a good sign.  One of his favorite dishes is hot pepper stir fry and he liked it in even better in soup noodle form.  Want some authentic Chinese food?  Give this place a try.  Skip the kung pao chicken, and General Tso's chicken to see what real Chinese food taste like.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,5/24/2012,28,79,,6,3>OK, so I may be a bit biased since this is where me and my wife had our first date... But for whatever reason we hadn't been back at Glenwood Grill in over two years - and on a whim decided last Friday that it was time again.After the dinner we both said to ourselves: we really don't come here enough! The food is fantastic, the service great and the ambiance (once you're inside the door) very nice as well. The menu changes with the seasons so there's plenty of reason to go back often.I had Lobster Mac and Cheese as an appetizer - that was just OK. Cheese was a bit runny - should have stayed with a salad (would have been the healthier option, too).For my main course I had short ribs which were great! Especially with the blue cheese cole slaw.My wife had mussels which she loved and crab cakes which she really enjoyed as well.We didn't get to eat desert - frankly we were too full after dinner.Our server was always there when we needed her - and really friendly as well.So yes, we'll be back! Sooner rather than later!
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2010,9/17/2010,295,331,4,9,7>Okay, so we've got Napper Tandy's (née Rí Ra) and, just across the street is Natty Greene's.  This is just too many fake-sounding names in close proximity, if you ask me.Silly names aside, this place is pretty rad.  I'd never been here when it wasn't absolutely teeming with people (i.e., weekend nights), but stopped there on a Monday afternoon after doing some business in Raleigh to catch the tail-end of the Spain-Honduras World Cup match on one of the massive TVs they have above the bar.We were two of only three folks at the bar, but the bartender was super-super nice to us, saying "Yay, people!" when we came in.  Other bartenders have in my opinion gotten quite irritated with having to wait on folks at off times in the afternoon when they'd otherwise just be holding up the counter.They've got a lot of local microbrews on tap, although perhaps not as much Big Boss as I'd like.  I loved their seasonal, however: Blanco Diablo (update: Big Boss has begun brewing and bottling Blanco Diablo year round).  The husband went with Red Oak, a Greensboro standard.Having not eaten since breakfast, I was famished, and ordered the portobello wrap, which came with a side salad AND a side: a veritable lunchtime smörgasbord (I'm mad that Yelp wouldn't let me use that special character "a" in that word)!  There aren't many vegetarian options on the menu, and I honestly wasn't expecting much from this wrap, but it was pretty dang delicious.  Much better, more flavorful, in my opinion, than the average pub wrap.  I'd eat it again.The prices are reasonable, the people who work there are friendly, and I'll definitely be back.  Perhaps to shoot some darts, enjoy some live music, or sit outside and shoot the breeze.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2010,9/16/2010,104,463,2,8,8>Regardless of your basketball loyalties, this is a great spot in all seasons. Of course it'll be at it's best when it's warm and the flowers are in bloom, but we make it a point to take any guests that come to town for a peaceful walk through the famed Duke Gardens.  Even in the winter, it's a nice stroll.  There's always something different to see.  The parking is a cheap and there's no admission fee otherwise. Also, it's just a short walk from the Gardens up to see the Duke Chapel, another good photo spot.If you have family coming to town, make a stop here and bring your camera.  Your parents/grandparents will love it and little kids will enjoy seeing the ducks and there's lots of space for them to wander.Wear comfortable shoes that you won't mind getting a little muddy/dirty.  Many of the paths are sandy and after a big rain there will be some puddles.Parking is free after 5 pm.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2010,9/15/2010,69,760,5,8,6>My bride & I saw that Kevin and Sue Yelped this place yesterday and we decided we needed to give it a try.  Since leaving NoVA we haven't been able to experience any custard stands or small privately owned ice cream shops until today.I walked up to the young lady at the counter and asked her "Do you know what Yelp is?" she answered affirmatively and explained she was asked a similar question yesterday (of course by Sue and Kevin).  We told her this was how we heard about her place and she was all smiles about it.  She then asked us where we had driven from and we told her Creedmoor.  Her eyes lit up and she said that there had been two people in from Creedmoor just yesterday. We then connected all those dots for her.We sampled a few flavors and they were all good so it was decision time.  I went with the Lemon meringue gelato, my little girl went with the green apple and Bavarian chocolate and my bride went with the strawberry and chocolate.  On the ice cream side of things, it was explained the flavors were home made and from a local dairy.Needless to say, we were impressed.  We all walked down by the TV playing Finding Nemo and saddled up to the bar to find a tic tac toe board.  Little Jo and I played some tic tac toe and I showed her no mercy while I scooped spoonfuls of lemon goodness into my mouth.  When I was done beating her at that Nemo was about over so she decided she wanted to play checkers.  I observed the guitars lined up at the wall and noticed each of them was missing strings.  So much for my thought of picking one up and giving a little show for the patrons, owners and employees.  I remained relentless as my little girl tried to beat me at checkers.  My philosophy is if I'm going to play, I'm going to play to win, and win I did.Our timing had to have been perfect because almost as soon as we started to order a crowd of people started coming in and this little place suddenly got busy.Aside from noticing the guitars, I saw stuffed animals, magazines, board games, a computer set up to play music and just a really cool atmosphere about the place.Heaven on earth?  Depends on your definition.  Ice cream or Italian ice that worth driving out of the way for?  Definitely!  Now if only we can keep it a secret ;-)
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2010,9/14/2010,264,1065,6,4,3>There are two things that stand out for me at Bandidos: Oreo Fried ice cream, and the anthropomorphic pepper with a mustache.  That guy freaks me out though, so this is the last time you'll see a mention of him in this review.Bandidos, to their detriment, have one of the weirder placings on Franklin Street.  However, despite the lower-level restaurant area, they do have a decent amount of space in their little hidden area in the alley that one would take to get to Joe's Joint.  They do have a diverse menu, with a variety of Mexican options.  We had the Groupon, so we were able to get lunch for 4 people plus a dessert for around $6+tip after the Groupon.  So it's relatively cheap if you're doing lunch, even before Groupon (about $6-7 for large burritos, etc)The burritos are okay: it was basically nondescript, and the shredded chicken didn't do much for me, but it filled me up, so I appreciate that.The free chips were good, and the salsas that they offer with those were actually really good: the medium salsa was particularly good. Really, the greatest thing here is a little thing called the Oreo Fried ice cream.  I've put a picture in the profile.  Go up and look at it.  Don't worry, I'll wait for you.  I'll even fill in this section with random facts about things I just learned on my Twitter feed:- Pacman Jones apparently got a tryout with the Bengals.- Common squirrel has gone to sleep.You back?  Good.  Did you see it?  You want it?  You do, don't you.  Yes, yes you do.    It's a thing of decadence: vanilla ice cream, covered in Oreo crumbs and deep fried.  It's quite good.  Is it good for you? No.  But you don't order Oreo Fried Ice Cream for the nutritional value.So, in summary: Relatively decently priced at lunch.  Burrito, okay.  Salsa, good.  Oreo Fried Ice Cream: OM NOM NOM NOM.
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2010,9/13/2010,15,207,2,6,5>OK, so this is 4 stars for Tuesday nights at ACME (when everything is $12.50) and brunch, and because we live less than a five minute walk away.  The food is creative, locally sourced, and well prepared.  Service is very, very friendly if a little slow (well, sometimes a lot slow).  If you find yourself there on a Sunday and they have homemade donuts for God's sake order them.  I am not a brunch person (just give me lunch) but I enjoy the occasional brunch at ACME.The patio is really nice.  Inside the tables are quite close together, and it can get pretty loud.  Sitting at the bar is always a good choice.  Take advantage of the $12.50 Tuesdays but make a reservation, it will be packed.I would give 3 stars for dinner there on a normal night, because in my opinion the regular prices are a little high for what you get.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2010,9/12/2010,110,194,2,8,5>I don't know how I never reviewed this!! I Heart Only Burger!My first experience with them was at Sam's in Durham. I got the veggie burger and it was fantastic! Grilled bun, crunchy iceberg lettuce, tomato and flavorful veggie patty. I was super impressed! The only advice I can give is this: the burgers are made to order so it can take 10 minutes or so before yours is ready. If you are at the Sam's parking lot, order your food then go find beer. Otherwise your beer will start to get warm while you're waiting for your burger.(I didn't have the fries, but I've heard they're good too.)
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2010,9/11/2010,69,172,11,8,7>Wow, wow, wow. Tucked away in one of the seediest strip malls known to man on Capital Boulevard, hides Star Karaoke! I can understand why so many thought it was closed, but fear not, they are open Tuesday - Sunday, 6pm - 2am. Closed Mondays. Don't bother calling or trying to make a reservation, I mean, you can, but the guy didn't even take our name when we "reserved" a room, anyway. We ate at Sawasdee (yum!), then headed over to the opposite end of the strip. I'm not gonna lie, it almost seems like a front for something shadier, but going inside is actually less scary than I thought it would be.  They have a sort of nice bar area with some bizarre decorations. The place was dead at 8:30, but we were then greeted by a nice man who spoke very little English. He set us up in a "small" room and we got going. At first, I was a little intimidated by the huge books of songs that were in Korean (?), but also a bunch of English songs mixed in, as well as the gigantic remotes used to work the machine. But honestly, it was really simple. There were two microphones, a couple leather couches, and again, more bizarre decorations. The TV was large, the music was LOUD, and the background video footage that played while you sang was priceless.Two hours FLEW by, it was great. It was $60 and we had five people, so a little over $10 each. The bathrooms were clean enough, and you could buy beer or other beverages at the bar. My husband has already deemed this place his "favorite place in Raleigh." I am sure we will be back time and time again.The only thing that skeeved me out was I felt like I wanted to bring Clorox wipes and wipe the equipment and microphones down. Also, my tongue accidentally LICKED the microphone and I was freaking out for a while. But 12 hours later, I am not showing any symptoms of anything weird :)
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2010,9/10/2010,40,55,3,4,4>Chubby's makes me happy.  I'm glad that it is on 9th street so I remember it exists and then go in and eat all their food.  They have tamales available everyday and I LOVE tamales.  For my family, they are a christmas-time treat so having them in the middle of summer feels very decadent.  Tamales are pretty labor intensive so I forgive the sometimes dry exterior (evidence of reheating/oldness) and focus on the positive:  very flavorful chicken and a good ratio of masa to meat.  Every taco I have had here has been pleasantly delicious and my only complaint is stupid:  they fill your fountain drink for you.  (I want free access to diet coke.  All the time.)  But the lack of soda refills is outweighed by free access to the salsa-trough.
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2010,9/9/2010,59,110,,7,5>Well, new or not, it was a surreal experience sitting and eating in a place I never thought I'd have the chance to sit and eat in again.  I'm glad it's back.I missed the specials named after rock songs on the front of the menu.  It was weird seeing the bottom half of the front of the menu.  Really weird.  But it was still ok.  Everything is pretty much the same.  Cool and attentive wait staff, beer specials, sandwiches...except...a few things are different.  There are a few new items on the menu which looked pretty tasty, but I had to go for my old stand by, the Cannellini.  It was good, and on different bread, which I actually really liked (used to be on a toasted sub roll, but was on actual slices of bread).  My dining companions enjoyed their meals as well, and the seasonal side (mac n cheese!) was delicious and came with the options of bacon, fried onions, or both (on top) which was cool.All in all, of course I'd go back.  There are tons of things that appeal to me about Rockford, and even if they decided to ditch the sandwiches and serve pizza or sushi, but kept everything else the same atmosphere...I'd be there.It's sad when things change.  It's even sadder when things disappear.  Let's do right by the Rockford.  Even though the little rugs with ROCKFORD on them are kind of weird.  Let's keep this one going please.
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2010,9/8/2010,135,254,6,15,9>"Real Chicago-style deep dish pizza in the Triangle!!!"Anyone who's spent any time in Chicago at all raves about the deep dish ("stuffed") pizza there.  Yet for some completely unfathomable reason, it's nigh impossible to find that anywhere outside the city, aside from a few spots in the Bay Area, New York, DC, etc.  I think it's a mafia conspiracy- they much knock out any restaurants that try to export it.  I can't imagine any other reason why it's not everywhere- it's SOOOO good!  There used to be an "Uno's" with it in Brier Creek, but it's gone, and there's no other Uno's in the entire state.  My 11-year-old daughter wanted this for her birthday party after a recent Chicago vacation (where she exclaimed "I could live on this!"), but shipping it from Chicago on dry ice was going to be almost $100 (and frozen).But thanks to Yelpers (yay to Ron W!), we heard about Rosati's Pizza in Morrisville.  This is the real thing- it's a chain from the Chicago area that, for again some unfathomable reason (yet wonderful for us), decided they'd open their only east-coast-state restaurant in Morrisville, NC (?).  It's in a nondescript little stripmall off Davis Dr.Service- fantastic!  I phoned in a takeout order, and they applied a coupon that I didn't have nor know existed (very kind).  It was for a pickup at 5:15pm.  I showed up early, and they finished the pizzas at exactly 5:14pm.Price- good!  We paid $32 for two medium pizzas.  This is A LOT of food- see below.Atmosphere- fine for takeout.  Not bad for eat-in: see picture.Taste- this is the kicker.  GREAT!  I loved it- it really was the real deal!  For Chicago pizza virgins, this means (from bottom up): a thin crust that's flat in the center but rises at the edge of the pan probably about an inch, a layer of cheese and toppings mixed together (probably with a VERY thin second layer of crust in there somewhere) rising a good literally 1cM from the thin crust on the bottom, and then topped with chunky tomato sauce.  It's not for the faint of heart- indeed, hearts probably HATE it (~60g of fat per slice!), but man, taste buds will be in heaven!  Honestly, I think I like this a little better than Giordano's in Chicago- Rosati's is just a bit less greasy-tasting and more like good cheese.To get an idea of how much to order, few people will eat more than 2 slices of a medium pizza.  Many people will be "stuffed" with 1.  So, it's really a good deal in price.I lived in Chicago for 4 years and just visited there last month.  This is the real deal.  And it's here.  Go try it!
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,2/22/2012,109,358,3,7,4>I have currently fallen into the habit on getting to go food from here every Saturday afternoon after a morning at yoga. I am obsessed with the salad in particular the salad dressing. My partner has fallen in love with the chicken sandwich and I tend to get the soup and salad.I have also noticed lately a lacking in picking up the phone when I call to out in my order which is disappointing but not enough to keep me away.  Writing this is making me think about heading there for lunch shortly :)
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2011,2/21/2012,56,201,,7,3>Dr. Greg Burkett is our bird whisperer.We've known Dr. B. for nine years now... when his establishment was known solely as The Birdie Boutique.  In those days, he sold birds, cages, toys, bird food, and provided boarding and veterinary services.  I think I heard say that at the time, he was one of only three certified avian vets in the state of North Carolina.We've  been regular customers of his ever since... as there has always been a special warmth there.  You can tell he loves his birds!  We've entrusted the care of Mango, our Senegal parrot , only to him - as well as the health and well being of the five budgies we've had over the years.From our first experience there, when his business was full of birds for sale (watched over by Joy, a 'mother hen' of a store manager) they wouldn't sell a companion bird to anyone that didn't meet their exacting standards.  If they had the slightest inkling that a person or household could not or would not provide a healthy environment for all the long years that a bird can live, they would not sell.  Period.  I really respected that!Eventually, Dr. Burkett decided to get out of the business of selling birds.  From our various conversations, I believe he was afraid that too many people were breeding birds, and that could ultimately lead to more birds than could be cared for in loving homes.  I'm sure it was a very difficult decision for him business-wise, but he stopped selling birds.While he continues to sell cages, food and supplies, and boards birds for vacationing owners, Dr. B. has of late really focused on his first love, his veterinary practice.  In fact, he's remodeled the business completely, giving his exam rooms the space and amenities they deserve.We visited Dr. B. again today - and he was there with empathy and compassion, to help us transition our little Blue into eternal rest.  That little budgie was almost 12 years old, and by far the sweetest and most personable of the four budgies that, along with Mango, make up our flock.  She'd been suffering the ravages of age, which in budgies, often manifests itself in gout or arthritic symptoms.  We'd tried the medicines and the other courses recommended by Dr. B., but saw her decline quickly in the last few days.  It was a painful decision - but the right one, I'm sure.I would not hesitate to recommend Dr. Burkett to anyone that was looking for the best in avian care - from someone that really cares about birds!
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,2/20/2012,57,204,3,8,5>Went here for lunch today, what a great decision! The food is delicious and authentic.A friend and I ordered 2 pupusas, platanos maduros with refried beans, and a lunch special to share. The special of the day was chicken chilaquiles, with rice and and a fried egg. I love that they have real Mexican dishes like this that aren't found at the more Americanized restaurants. It was so much food, but so good! I think I might have been full off the chips and salsa before the food even came out.The icing on the cake is that it only cost $12! That (over)fed 2 people and we had plenty of leftovers for a whole other meal. If you don't mind dining at a place with good food, but tacky decor, def come here!
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,2/19/2012,6,64,6,10,5>Okay, so don't get freaked out that this park was built on land owned by Progress Energy and Shearon Harris Nuclear Power Plant. I have been assured (multiple times) that it is safe to swim in the water and breath the air surrounding this nuclear plant. I have been here many times, and as of yet I haven't grown any weird boils or extra fingers. In fact, this park is yelp-tastic! Apparently, it has some great mountain biking trails, but I wouldn't know. I don't mountain bike, not yet. I have ran and hiked almost all the trails in this park and think they are some of the best around. Also, Frisbee golf is huge here. But the trails aren't why I decided to yelp about this park (even though they are worthy of yelping about). What has earned all of this glory is the water. I have been dying to get in some lake water since last summer and since moving back from the mountains, and Harris Lake is the perfect place to do so. If you have a boat, this is where you need to be. Go at dusk/evening and the fishing is good and the boat ramps aren't crowded. There is no fee for this park, so stay as long as you want. Also, it's super close to Cary, even if the address says New Hill. Which I have never heard of. I consider it Fuquay/Holly Springs.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2011,2/18/2012,29,143,,7,9>This review is for the Tavern, as we had purchased a Living Social which gave us $60 worth of food for paying $30 in the Tavern. We decided our wedding anniversary was a great night to visit the Tavern, especially since my hub's sweet Grandma sent us a check for $100, and we could eat and drink without being scared to go all out. Service is impeccable here. Upon making a reservation, they ask if you are celebrating anything, and all names in your party.First sign of great service.  When we arrived, the door was opened by a greeter, and he pointed us downstairs to the Tavern. As we walked through and saw the Atrium, I was hoping to sit in there, but we were seated in the main Tavern dining room, which was fine, it was just the Atrium looked very lovely and bright, whereas the Tavern is dark and, well, Taverny, but I expected this, and was ready to get my fancy food grub on. I loved that they gave us both menus, the Tavern and the Restaurant, so we had a ton of options to choose from. One waiter filled our water glasess within 1 minute of sitting down, and another brought out a bread bin immediately after, and our waitress stopped in and said she would be right with us. Second sign of great service. The rolls...amazing. Warm, sweet, yet sourdough-y....so flippen good, and not your average bread. We picked out a bottle of Merlot, and the waitress told us about the evening's specials. Holy huge list of ingredients per special Batman! There was so much going on, the I kind of forgot each special because all of the ingredients melted together. It all sounded wonderful, but with 2 extensive menus in front of us, we decided to forgot everything she said. After debating for a good 10 minutes over the first course choices, I went with the Chile Relleno and hubs got the crabmeat stuffed phyllo. Our wine was brought out by the manager (our waitress had at least 6 tables), and it was nice to see everyone worked together to make the customer happy. We ordered our apps and entrees together (me the pan seared chicken over risotto, hubs the beef medallion with mac n cheese). Our apps came out in about 7 minutes, and they were divine. My chile was stuffed with duck, corn, mango, and pepperjack cheese, and it was breaded and fried and served over some sort of fabulous sauce. I could eat this everyday, no joke. Hubs crab was also amazing, and it was also served with an awesome sauce that tasted like curry and ginger, but not too overwhelming. I love me a good sauce. Entrees came about 10 minutes later, so even though they were extremely busy, there was no wait for food. Great service again!! My chicken was possibly the best chicken I ever had.....so moist and flavorful, and paired so well with the parmesean risotto. I could eat this everyday too!!! Hubs steak was cooked perfectly, and his mac n cheese was so fun....a crispy breaded square that when you broke into you found creamy penne. YUM.  We were checked on a couple of times, and out water was never less than half full. Not annoying attentiveness by the servers....perfect amount of attentiveness. By the end of our meals (plates cleaned except for a bit of chicken left for my dog because she deserves to taste the best chicken in the world too) we were too full for one of the many rich dessserts on the menu. Our server said she would be back with something special for us anyway, and 5 minutes later the pastry chef came to our table with a beautiful plate of strawberrry icecream served over an almond cookie, and the plate had "Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate. Again, impeccable service!!!! Then, when we were done, our server gave us a menu that had "Happy Anniversary Michelle and Jeff" printed on it and was signed by the chef. This is such a unique touch, and it just made our night that much more special. The food and the service here are incredible, and I think this will be our new anniversary spot for years to come. Thank you Second Empire for a wonderful evening!!!
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2011,2/17/2012,66,67,4,10,3>I stalked this place like a lion hunting a gazelle ever since I saw the sign that said Weinberg's Deli coming soon.  I met my husband for lunch here.  He's from up North and loves Deli's so I felt I was with an expert.  I was greeted immediately, they had about 3 people up front waiting for customers.  I was seated immediately and let the waitress know that I was waiting for my husband.  She was very attentive and I ordered a Doc Brown's Black Cherry soda (really at a Jewish Deli you need one).  They also have egg creams if you like those, but I'm not a fan.  We got really good service from our waitress, she said that she was from North Carolina so that she'd be a little slower when writing our order. For appetizer we got the fried kreplach and I ordered a cup of the matzoh ball soup.  The kreplach was yummy deep fried goodness.  It's a fried meat filled dumpling.  The matzoh ball soup was ok.  There was one matzoh ball in their and it was light.  It was jammed pack with noodles and chicken which prevented me from telling right away whether the ball was a sinker or a floater.  It was a floater.  I'm gonna say that it's hard for me to judge matzoh ball soup when my friend Shelly makes the best that I've ever had (don't tell my mother in law).  I compare all matzoh ball soup to hers.Both my hubby and I ate the hot corned beef sandwich on rye.  As others have reviewed, the sandwich is not a huge sandwich.  But there is a good amount and the quality is really good.  The taste was really good and really fresh.  The bread was heavily seeded but really soft.  Just a really good sandwich.  It comes with chips but you can pay extra and swap for potato salad.The waitress gave us our check before we could check out desserts, but that's probably good for the waist line.  The owner did come by 2 times to see how it was.  They are still getting their groove on as this is the first week that they opened, but I think the food is great.  I can't wait to go back and try other dishes.  My husband grabbed a to go menu and I have feeling that I will be receiving texts to grab food on the way home from work.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2011,2/16/2012,59,197,3,5,4>DPAC was great. I was happy to see that the balcony didn't feel like you were about to slide off into the crowd.I went here as part of a Yelp event to see the Rockettes and it was amazing! The lighting was awesome and everything was nice and clean. There is nothing like dressing up for an event only to find a shabby interior when you get there.They have tons of options for concessions. I just bought two cokes and it was like 10bucks. Which is pricey, but pretty much what I expected. Plus side was they use cups that you can reuse.The best part of the show we went to? The surprise on the way out! I hate to reveal it here but it was so awesome. They had a snow machine blowing snow over the walkways. Soo cool!There is free parking in the south deck but just be ready to make a short hike to get to DPAC. Parking in the other lots is pretty cheap though so if you don't want to walk you can pay about 5bucks to park closer.Also, the will call is all the way on the other side of the building which is sort of odd.The cupholders were a plus for me as well.I do not like when people are seated during a set. Please wait til the end. The ushers did a pretty good job of this but a few times they let people in before the song was over.
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2011,2/15/2012,36,193,3,7,5>Brunch? Oh my freaking deliciousness goodness!! Please, please, PLEASE don't ever stop making the sweet potato pancakes! There were 5 of us regular Dain bar-goers at breakfast, and we each ordered something different. Nothing disappointed. The breakfast burger was just what we would expect it to be from Dain, and chilaquiles were excellent, and a lot of fun to try to pronounce. But the sweet potato pancakes were the hit of the table. Correct me if I mess any of this up, but they were topped with a brown sugar butter that was to die for, and most definitely the best thing I've ever had accompany my sweet potato pancakes...until I tried the mascarpone whipped cream on the other side of the plate...oh holy heaven on earth!! They were, hands down, everyone's favorite. Everyone kept coming back for "just one more bite", and I literally wanted to lick the plate to make sure none of the mascarpone goodness went to waste. Oh, they were also served with a side of well-cooked, thick sliced bacon to make it even more irresistible. I can hardly wait for next Saturday to come!!
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2011,2/14/2012,53,148,,16,8>Move over Q*Shack.  Move over Allen and Sons.  There is a new Pit Boss in town!I am beyond delighted about HSBO BBQ.  So many good things to talk about.1) The Meat.  This is real pit cooked BBQ folks and that means real smoke.  In fact, I think they achieve a level of smokiness in their meat that few commercial places pull off - the type you usually get from home cooking.  The pork was tender and full of flavor.  They do a nice job of providing clean pieces - almost no fatty connective tissue or grissle.  The brisket of moist like flavorful.  No burnt ends but still nots of flavor.  The ribs...oh the ribs.  Full of delicious smoke, crisp spice rub crust, and tender inside.  LOVE IT.2) The Sides.  All the plates come with hush puppies as is standard for BBQ joints.  First side - mac n' cheese.  Again, great flavor, not overly gooped with sauce and a nice crumb and herb topping.  Fried Okra - crispy and fresh.  Sometimes okra can turn slimy when cooked wrong but this was not the case.  The only thing I might dock them on was the slaw.  Not a ton of flavor - need more vinegar or something to punch it up.3)  The Liquids.  As others have noted, very few BBQ joints have a full liquor license.  Usually you get get beer.  HSBO BBQ has a fully bar including a nice selection of bourbon which I appreciate.4) The Place.  Nice restaurant layout.  Comfortable open feel.  The patio isn't huge and I'm sure the seats out there fill up fast.I'm already plotting my next visit.  You definitely need to check this place out.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,2/13/2012,100,280,5,18,10>Bread & Butter is a new bakery/coffeeshop that literally just opened today (9/15) in downtown Chapel Hill near the CH/Carrboro border, so it's a soft opening.  It's got lots of seating with wifi and offers drip coffee with the basic espresso drinks made from Counter Culture beans.There is a limited selection of breads and baked goods as the business is just starting off.  Currently, there are only four kinds of bread, one type of cookie, and one type of muffin and from speaking with the owner (George), it looks like these will change up on a somewhat daily basis.  A loaf of bread ranges from $4-5 and a cookie is $0.75.  A regular cup of drip coffee is $1.75.Today I purchased a chocolate chip-almond cookie, a loaf of walnut bread, and a cup of coffee.  The cookie was delish, very home-made tasting.  The walnut bread was awesome.  I did 3 spreads on the bread:  dill goat cheese from Southern Season, blueberry jam, and Land o' Lakes regular butter.  The bread tasted amazing with the dill goat cheese (which I didn't even enjoy and lamented getting until I put it on the walnut bread) as well as the butter.This is definitely a local mom & pop shop with only George and a couple of employees running the show until they get their sea legs.  But the quality is superb and its prices very reasonable.  I can't wait to see how they will expand in the coming months!
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2010,7/17/2010,254,415,3,6,4>If I could give 4.5 stars I would.I feel bad for all y'all with the mediocre CB experiences. Maybe they just love me :PHonestly though, I love this place. And that means that I've been there for the heaven on earth nights...and for those days you'd rather forget ever happened and funny how sometimes those nights can mingle!City Beverage has [insert dinner, dessert, apps] that you will not find anywhere else at this price point. They have a creative menu, with something for every level of hunger, for every type of diet you've got. And if you don't like it, wait a season, or get a special. It changes! There is a certain love and care that goes into everything they have.... all that said... The service, needs one major (half-star gone full star) thing: consistency. They're all over the place. And per these reviews, that's just not my experience. Again, that said, the food rocks, the beer selection is amazing, drinks are on the awesome side of perfection and it's close to home, so I don't really care. Did I mention there's a patio?If you haven't been, you're missing out on a local gem (serving up a bangin' mojito). Oh, and if the menu says "spicy" they mean it, so refreshing!
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2010,7/15/2010,168,723,,6,5>Took a couple of guests to lunch here, mainly because my Ohio friend wanted some country ham while he was visiting NC.We arrived for lunch.  What a great building!  The unique shape, the murals, the country stuff on the walls, and the wait staff in bib overalls!I ordered the Eastern NC BBQ with macaroni & cheese, deviled eggs, which comes with banana pudding for dessert.  It was all delicious.  More bbq than I could finish!My Ohio friend was satisfied diving into his country ham.  He loved the two pigs by the roadside entrance too.Great experience.  Raleigh folks treat your out-of-town guest right and bring them here!
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2009,7/14/2010,88,245,1,4,2>All that you'd expect from a pizza place plus an exceptional pizza bar!! Their cheese bread and garlic knots are out if this world!!If you get the chance to eat inside and do their pizza buffet-- do it! If you see a pizza that it's out, just ask them to make one and they will! All for a very low price (I think it's like $7 per person). The buffet has salads, pizza, pasta, appetizers (wings, bread, soup), and then dessert pizza (if you don't see it out- ask them to make you some)!
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2010,7/13/2010,17,76,,4,4>Great pie! You only get two sizes of pizza: by the slice, or a HUGE 20". Pie is very thin crust, great cheese and a little greasy - and very, very good. Never been to NY, but can imagine this is what the pizza there is like. Their pie compares to Randy's in RTP. I like it better; my husband can't make up his mind which is better. Tip: Order BEFORE you go if you plan on dining inside. It can take up to 30 minutes to get your pie if you don't.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2010,7/12/2010,230,281,3,5,5>Have you ever seen a pig, smiling and squirting BBQ sauce on itself? I have. It's Danny's logo.Danny's was founded in response to those that dislike vinegar-based BBQ (also known as Eastern Carolina style). I've never taken sides on the issue because I find both western (ketchup-based) and eastern styles to be delicious. Danny's lets you choose your sauce though: sweet (aka Danny's signature "High on the Hog" sauce), spicy, mustard, and vinegar. I tend to stick to the sweet and spicy sauces, but I haven't found a great home for the mustard sauce. It looks like other Yelpers recommend it on chicken. The vinegar sauce usually sits there sad and lonely on my table--it feels like I'm committing some kind of sin if I use it. It's like wearing a Yankees hat in Fenway Park when the Yankees aren't even playing.... you can do it if you want, but you're out of place.What should you order here? Bar-b-que plate. Get a bar-b-que dinner if you're really hungry, but a plate should be about the max for most people. I've eaten the brisket and chopped BBQ plates. For sides, I usually go with the traditional baked beans and cole slaw. Potato salad sometimes makes the cut. If you're with a group, get some corn nuggets, fried okra, or hush puppies to share. You'll find those in the "other favorites" section of the menu. Finish your meal with a banana pudding if there's still room.This is one my favorites for lunch and it does tend to get busy here around noon. Service is usually pretty good. I was really impressed on my last visit because my whole table was served in the blink of an eye.Danny's also has locations in Morrisville and RTP, so you should probably pick one that's closer to you.
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2010,7/11/2010,44,135,7,7,5>Wow I need a nap after Backyard BBQ. This is often the case when my lunch consists of the brown and yellow food groups. But every time I visit Backyard BBQ I find it impossible to pass up the mac-n-cheese, black-eyed peas and the hush puppies. There are other choices for sides that look a little healthier like greens with pork fat or green beans with bacon - I try to go all out with yellow or brown foods though.The BBQ - fantastic. Pulled pork is great, love the taste, texture and style of the brisket, and the fried chicken is nearly as good as my Mother-in-laws.The only thing that would make this place better is a couple of lazy boy recliners in the back with a large screen TV so I could proceed directly into a food coma after lunch as opposed to struggling to drive my car back to the office.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2010,7/10/2010,46,74,2,5,5>I can't believe it's taken me this long to write a review of the Cat's Cradle.  It in no way should reflect any indifference for the place, but if anything maybe a strange bit of reverence for it. Like a couple of the other reviewers, I grew up around these parts and so the Cradle is pretty much the only outlier to an otherwise exceedingly normal upbringing --- so normal and suburban it hurts. There's one saving grace which led to my life having all kinds of interesting footnotes: there was this guy who introduced me to all of these bands I had never heard of, reluctant though I was. For many girls this is a first boyfriend but for me that guy is my older brother. He used to drive me to school being a mere two years my senior and in addition to assaulting my ears with Nirvana much too loud for my liking very early in the morning, he also fed me a steady diet of Sonic Youth, Buffalo Tom, the Promise Ring, Jets to Brazil, Pedro the Lion, and most importantly of all the Archers of Loaf. Five of those acts and a great many others we would see, repeatedly, together at the Cradle, and these are some of my very very favorite memories.Things have changed, but the Cradle is an amazing venue. I must say I disagree with the reviewer who says that the sound here sucks. It doesn't. There is one particular, very small location within the club that is between the seats on the side and the sectioned off area in the back of the front room where the sound hits you a little bit funny, but overall the sound here is (now) always consistent and well done. The sound for the Spoon show in 2005, as a matter of fact, was the most well-done I've heard, and I have seen a lot of shows. Am I partial to the Cradle? Absolutely. That doesn't mean it isn't the best around. If Sonic Youth references your favorite venue in one of their songs, you're onto something.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2010,7/9/2010,57,606,,3,4>Sitti is one of my favorite restaurants in Raleigh.  The food is consistently good.  I love the homemade pita.  I love the hommos, the labneh, the cheese rolls, falafel, graides and salads.  (The fattoush could have a little less pepper in it.)  I love the decor of this restaurant.  In my opinion, it is the most hip and modern restaurant in the Triangle, and the food is first rate.  Wouldn't expect anything less from the owners of Neomonde.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2010,7/8/2010,55,198,2,4,4>Mexican Chocolate and Chocolate Brownie Cream bars followed by an impulsive purchase of Escazu Chocolate bar (local Raleigh distribution)...I didn't know gourmet popsicles existed, but silly me, gourmet ice cream exists! :PThe Mexican Chocolate creamsicle was delicious and who would have imagined real brownie chunks in the chocolate brownie creamisicle!!!  A local favorite from Durham and definitely worth your ~$3 for a large popsicle on a hot summer day.Locopops has a ton of flavors, odd ones definitely to WOW your palette.  Enter with an open mind!  As will I in the near future!
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2010,7/7/2010,31,129,4,7,5>Holy yum.  That's really all I have to say.  I'm so happy with Pop's pizza that I don't even feel pressured to eat inside the actual restaurant.  The different types of pies they offer are creative and really showcase the local ingredients they use.  The crust is on the thinner side which I love, two people could split the small size easily, and they use lots of garlic!  If you get the pizza for a date night, you need to realize that there will be no making out later on.
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2010,12/19/2010,21,132,,6,4>I have finally found a good Chinese place!!!  I tried this place once when I first moved nearby, and it was decent but nothing that I craved.  But then I came back with my dad last week, who definitely knows how to order, and I LOVED IT!  So my dad told the owner/chef to cook us an order of Young Chow fried rice with roast pork and an order of beef chow fun. However, my dad, who has owned Chinese restaurants in the past, had him modify the dishes a bit...which the chef was happy to accommodate...and that made ALL THE DIFFERENCE!  We loved the roast pork fried rice so much that we ordered another one after we woofed the first plate down!The key to a great meal - tell the chef to add one fried egg to your fried rice or chow fun order.  It brings out the flavor...trust me!  And, definitely tell them to skip the msg.  Your body will thank you later!I will definitely be coming back. It was also packed by the time we left at 11:45am with people standing in line to place to-go orders, so looks like the place is doing good.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2010,12/18/2010,41,63,,5,5>I love Zog's. We started going here a few months ago, and it's a great place.  Some of these reviews are old, so let me start by saying,  Zog's is under new ownership, and Mandy has made a lot of great improvements.  They have a great drink selection, and great beer choices. We love the free pool on Sundays, along with the movie night.  James(Mandy's brother) picks a lot of fun movies and with drinks you get free popcorn, cajun style :DI love the chupacabra(spicy bloody mary) and the white nihilist(white russian, but BETTER!) I also like the apple drink on their specialty drink menu.  The drinks have amusing names :DIf you haven't been in awhile, I recommend trying out the place again.  You will enjoy the improvements.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,12/17/2010,33,73,,8,6>There's always a feeling of suspicion I get when passing by a restaurant that screams the obvious, yet the sign doesn't scream at you to stop. Stop. Eat. Savor. It's sad that the BBQ joint went out of business, but the owner of The Pig has taken southern bbq to a new level for this area. You won't find your average pork fare here. Unique specials with a twist. Fresh ingredients outside a metal can. Friendly staff, and a casual atmosphere.The bbq itself is pretty good, and their small/large plate is a great option for dinner. Also have had their hot dog (in-house sausage), and cheek+tongue sandwich (mortadella-esque with more pork-ness; divine). Their sides are all great. I highly recommend the "sprouts n' shrooms", they do brussels right here. House made pickles are all fantastic (try their pickle plate), and Bell's two hearted for $3.24? Cheers to that.This location has never been kind to restaurants, but I do hope these guys will stick around.
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2010,12/16/2010,88,245,,8,4>I had my first appointment at the Apex office of Cary Pediatrics today and it was FABULOUS!I love that the waiting room is divided by "Sick Patients" on one side and "Well Patients" on the other. It was nice to see that when I come back with my son, if he's sick, he'll be in a spot away from other children and hopefully not get them sick, and vice-versa!We had his well-baby appointment with the nurse practitioner Julie Wilson and she was absolutely wonderful!! I am so happy that we found this office!!What I also love is that there are three different offices. There's the main office in Cary, one in Apex, and the other is in Fuquay-Varina. You can take your child to any of the three offices, and on Saturdays the Cary office is open and will see patients from all three offices.If you're looking for a great pediatrician for your child, definitely check out the Apex office of Cary Pediatracs!!
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2010,12/15/2010,86,100,1,4,4>There's not much I can say about Johnny's that hasn't been said by other reviewers.  It's a fantastic, laid-back gem in the Carrboro community.  La Fermiere (fried egg, spinach, cheese, and veggie sausage wrapped in a crepe) from the Parlez Vous crepe truck is the highlight of my Saturday afternoon, after an Apple Cider donut and coffee from Sari Sari Sweets at the Carrboro Farmer's Market.  The outdoor space is a great place to gather with friends and a beer to hear some live music or have a conversation.  The store has a good beer selection, amazing pastries, an ATM (you'll need it for the crepe or taco trucks), and some other staples.  Update: Johnny's has been remodeling and it looks lovely.  And, they have a farmer's market on some weekday evenings (check their website for details).  They also have a new Twitter account: @johnnyscarrboro
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2010,12/14/2010,17,120,1,7,4>I decided to give this place a whirl after all the good reviews and the fact that it's walking distance from my house.  First thing I noticed when walking in is that it definitely has more of a California Asian fast food vibe which I like.  Very clean inside and a TV inside playing some Japanese version of MTV.  Everyone was really friendly as well.  It was my first time there so when calling in my order I had lots of questions and they answered politely and were happy to offer suggestions.I got the chicken and beef plate which was enjoyable and something I would surely order again.  The thing I was most pleased about was the quality of the meat.  Both the chicken and the beef were very tender and not so much as a hint of gristle.  In my experience the quality of meat at Asian "order at the register" joints varies greatly and a fair amount of fat and gristle is to be expected.  No such issues here.  The meat was heaped upon a bed of nondescript sticky rice.  Rice is rice...I'm no connoisseur of rice.....it did the job.  Next time I think I'll ask them to ladle a little of their sauce over the rice before putting the meat on because once I got past all the meat and was down to just rice I was starting to OD on plain white rice.  My plate also came with a cabbage salad and what I believe to be ginger dressing.  This was surprisingly good.  The cabbage was finely shredded and it soaked up the dressing well.  As you've probably already read in other reviews the meal also comes with the infamous "macaroni salad".  I'm not sure why it's so polarizing....who doesn't like macaroni salad?  It tasted just fine and I ate every bit of it.  I'm not sure what other side you could stick in that slot but the macaroni salad worked fine for me.  I'm a big guy and this meal filled me to the gills.  For a price just north of $8 that's not too bad considering that you're getting a decent helping of both steak and chicken that didn't appear to sourced from neither hooves, lips, talons, nor sphincter.Unfortunately for the owners this place is well hidden from view on 54.  I live within walking distance and never knew it was there until I saw the reviews starting to come through Yelp.  Seems like a great lunch spot and a welcome alternative to the Chinese takeout just down the road which until now has been the only close place to pick up some Asian takeout on those nights when nobody is cooking.  I'll undoubtedly be picking up more meals here again in the future.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2010,12/13/2010,114,291,1,6,4>Jen and I came by after reading all these reviews and hearing from some friends who have been. Our verdict: Awesome & Keep it coming!!!The place transformed from the former Fins and now sports a new spirit - complete with a live band and sometimes a DJ. The restaurant still has the same decor and table setting, however, it has certainly seen a rejuvenation of sorts - the night we came, it was jam-packed with people.The menu is a mash of delicious treats from around the world. I cannot speak for the authenticity of each of the dishes but we thoroughly enjoyed the chef's creative and disciplined flair in recreating them. Each dish we had was delicious in and of themselves.The Hotpot/soup dishes were great and there were enough to share between two or three. The Thai BBQ Pike was Jenny's favourite. My fave was the beautiful Chowder. The food was reasonably priced too - even with wine added in.This is a great place to chill and have delicious food. We really like this !!
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2010,12/12/2010,29,71,5,7,6>Honestly, I am torn between a 3 and 4 star review of Federal.  As others have said, they have a great beer selection.  It rotates often, and is always nice and cold.  I love the grilled cheese.  It is drool worthy, and I find myself trying in vain to duplicate it home when I go through my, "I hate Federal" phases.  I always enjoy the food, the beer, and the atmosphere.  It has a dive bar aesthetic, but you're not sitting on top of other people like a regular dive bar.  It's a great place to stop for beers with a group of friends.  My boycotting moments always come back to service.  Every single time, that has been what it has been.  My husband and I had been regular bar customers for more than a year, when it suddenly dawned on me that the regular bartender had absolutely no use for us.  He didn't care that we came in every Friday night, were always polite, interested in asking about the beers, and good tippers.  I often times felt like the desperate high schooler begging for some cool dude's affections.  After a momentary hiatus, we have gone back, and will not sit at the bar.  The table service is just as snooty, but at least it's not the same snot ignoring us, it's usually a different one.  If I'm in a good, patient mood, and just looking for a chill beer to relax, I love The Federal.  If I'm looking for someone to give a damn that I'm there, I'll look elsewhere.
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2010,12/11/2010,30,43,2,8,5>My girlfriend and I arrived at around 2:30 on a Sunday afternoon after quite a bit of driving around looking for somewhere to eat. I have always wanted to give Klara's a try and we figured why not. We were greeted with smiles and the servers seemed excited to have us join them, although we weren't the only ones there. We sat down in the appropriately decorated dining room and had some menus down in front of us. I soon saw these delicious looking beers going out to another table and had to have one. It was a good call. The beer was the Czechvar and it was light and flavorful. (side note: all beers on draft are $10 a pitcher). My girlfriend ordered the pork shnitzel and I had the moravian chicken. The shnitzel was accompanied by a super delicious potato salad and my chicken had a side of roasted potatoes and a small salad. My chicken was good but the pork was phenomenal with just the right crunch. We decided to go for the chocolate lava cake with the vanilla ice cream and the whipped cream for dessert and I had a great cup of coffee. The lava cake definitely exceeded my expectations and was quickly devoured. I look forward to coming back for lunch or dinner and due to everyone else's reviews I'll be having the duck but I'll definitely stop in soon to have another one of the Czech's fine beers.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,12/10/2010,37,152,1,4,5>My wife and I tried this place on a whim since we had a coupon deal. Boy, are we glad we did!!! Advice - leave the utensils at home, there's no way you're leaving without some sauce on ya!Our coupon deal was for BOGO - so, we ordered two Shack Sampler plates ( rack of ribs, 2 Chicken Tenders, and choice of  lb. Pork or BBQ Chicken, with choice of 2 sides and Texas toast). My wife ordered the BBQ chicken with baked beans and corn on the cob. I ordered the pulled pork with fried okra and Brunswick stew.Overall, the flavor combination was delicious. The plates were bountiful with food - well worth the price. The most outstanding part of the sampler were the ribs - melting off the bone and so tender...definitely messy, but worth every bite. The one item that didn't "pop" for me was the fried okra - the crispiness wasn't there and the okra tasted overly mushy. As an advantage, this location is just minutes from our home and didn't hurt the fact that this will definitely make our list of top local rib places.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2010,6/3/2011,3,23,10,9,10>Not really knowing what to expect, I walked in at the behest of the lovelies here at Yelp in order to save my face from two fuzzy caterpillars marching angrily across my forehead.I was greeted at the door by Shilpa herself, who is the owner of the salon.  Her first words to me were, "Here for an eyebrow threading?"  I don't know how she ever could have guessed!The caterpillars trembled in fear as I sat down in a comfy chair, leaned back, and was politely directed to hold my skin taut.  Shilpa then made short work of the caterpillars.  The whole thing took a couple of minutes.Threading is  very nice, being that it doesn't use chemicals, waxes, or anything that produces waste.  It stings less than waxing, to boot.  I got it done about half an hour ago as of this writing, and my eyebrows don't hurt a bit.I've had my eyebrows shaped a few times, but, point blank, this was the best experience I've ever had.  My eyebrows look great.  I will be back the next time I let the caterpillars go a-marchin' again.By the way, folks, she's considering opening on Mondays, so if you want to stop by -- do so.
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2010,6/2/2011,44,284,1,5,3>I needed a moderately priced restaurant one night, and ended up here thanks to Ron W.'s review.  His double-mention of the arancini was all the convincing I needed.  We had the arancini, clams, orecchiette and ravioli.  I must say that they probably do a better tomato-based sauce than a primavera.  Whatever the case, the menu is pretty solid, making it real hard to decide on what to eat.  Specialty cocktails have an Italian flare, but stick to some of their wines if you want a a true taste of Italian vino.  I didn't like being seated in the basement.  Maybe it was due to the late reservation.  The space downstairs is better suited for large parties, where the environment doesn't need to be interesting.  The main dining level looked cool and modern, and probably much better for people watching.A solid 4 stars.  Empire Eats probably has the best mix of restaurants, but given my limited Raleigh experiences I can't be absolute.  We'll return for the arancini (notice the repeat) and I'll order a tomato-based pasta this time. While parking isn't hard to find downtown, if you decide to grab a late night dinner, park in the Alexander Sq parking garage, it's free after a certain time and covered.
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2011,6/1/2011,40,55,3,12,5>Not only was my move done in three hours instead of all day, it cost me less than $350 and I helped a charity! Great Success!I think I had a very similar experience to Christina.  I chose TROSA movers bc they are a great value and it would help support an organization doing important work in Durham.  I was moving a 1 bedroom apartment within Durham and it took a little over 3 hours.  The minimum is two hours (at $90/hour) so this was really affordable.  The crew of three men showed up right on time and worked so hard I was very impressed.  As a single woman, I had some male friends come help coordinate things with me which helped prevent any awkward moments.  (I hate to think the worst of people but, strangely, I have been hit on by TROSA movers at the gas station before so I was a little wary.)  No such problems with this crew.  They were friendly and respectful.  Like Christina, they did break one piece of furniture but it wasn't a big deal for me.  It was an Ikea armoire and they broke the legs off by tilting its full weight onto two of them, which ripped those legs off.  I then just had them take the other legs off and rested it on some 2x4s in my new place.  However, I had some much more fragile furniture and I told them that it was fragile and they took much better care of it.  None of the things I really cared about were broken.  Plus, if you are worried, they go over all your insurance options beforehand.  If my stuff was not all crap from Ikea, I would have bought some of the insurance ;)Despite the armoire leg thingy, I will use TROSA again and recommend it to my friends.  And my Yelp friends of course ;)
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,5/31/2011,264,1065,3,9,5>Absolutely wonderful!  I came here last night, Groupon in hand (well, in mobile), hoping to try something different and interesting.  Mawa's did not disappoint.  Their menu is vast:  covering all types of food (vegetarian options, lamb/beef/goat, chicken, fish), and all sounds really good.We started with the Neemes, wrapped rolls of shrimp, beef, mushroom, and rice noodle.  These were quite good, regardless of whether or not we used the dipping sauce.  For the main course, my date got the Mechoui (the stuffed roast leg of lamb), which I got a brief bite of, and was excellent.  I had the Poisson (fish, not distribution) a la braise, a whole tilapia (yes, as they note, whole, with head and bones), with cous cous.  The fact that it came as a whole fish can be disconcerting, but it does also mean you will take more time with the food, savoring the taste.   Service was also excellent:  it was actually our server's first night, but he always made sure to check in and grab someone if he didn't know something on the menu.  And Mawa came out briefly to see how we liked the food, and was impressed by my ability to eat a whole fish (as I had never done so before, I was impressed with myself as well :) ).  She also mentioned that they are opening up a hookah bar and are working on a buffet option, both good things.  So yes, Mawa's is excellent.  If you're willing to make the trek to Morrisville (and there's a Dairy Queen a few miles up the road too if you need extra incentive),  you'll get an excellent and interesting meal unlike much of what you would normally get in the Triangle.
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,5/30/2011,315,293,3,7,2>I finally feel qualified to write a review about 3 cups after I have been there on 3 separate occasions, and each time I tried a different cup offering. The 3 cups in case you were wondering are coffee, tea and wine. First visit, tried a glass of red wine. Can't remember if it was Pinot or Cab, but it was quite impressive to my neophyte taste buds in regards to fine wine. The only qualm I had is the glass probably cost as much as two bottles of wine over at Trader Joe's down the road. Also that night there was a food truck out front (Farmhand foods) , and they served sausage in a bun which made for an enjoyable meal along with the wine.Second visit I had the coffee...strong Columbian brew.  I also nabbed a pastrami biscuit... very tasty. The lovely counter girl said food came from a nearby bakery...can't remember which one. Good breakfast, except pricey.( Biscuit and coffee was over 6 bucks).Third visit, I had a scratchy throat and was craving some green tea. I ordered a cup and the counter gentleman asked me what kind. I told him I wasn't really sure and he could pick one. He said he had a Japanese blend in mind and rang me up. The cost was over 5 bucks. Yes over 5 bucks for a cup of tea. I tasted it and my initial reaction was "ewe, this taste like seaweed". By the end of the cup , I was more like "This is pretty damn good".  It grew on me pretty quickly. Not sure if it was worth the 5 1/2 bucks though.Overall impression is that 3 cups is very classy and more geared towards the BMW and SAAB Yuppy crowd than the college student or working class schmoes like myself. It's very pricey, so I probably won't be a regular. They aren't really striving towards lengthy visits either. They have very few tables, no couches, no Wi-Fi or laptop plug-in places.3 visits, 3 cups, now on to going to 6 plates...
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2011,5/29/2011,59,110,,5,4>I found out the other day that my brother in law is in town from up North, and I KNEW I had to take him somewhere with real awesome barbeque.  Yes, back home barbeque means you're grilling out on the deck, and since moving here several years ago, I've adjusted well to the understanding that I've been mislead my entire life.Not being a super big meat eater myself, I tapped my friends (and of course, Yelp) to find out the best place to take him to treat him to real downhome cooking here.  After much deliberation, a friend came through with an all caps declaration that Bullocks is where it's at, but there's not much that's non-meatly.His take on the barbeque and chicken was that it was pretty damn good, and I really enjoyed the fried okra and mac n cheese.  The hushpuppies were great, and there was honey whipped buttery spread at the table to go with them.With as broad a menu as they have here, you can find something for everyone...I even noticed Veggie Burgers listed!  The prices are ridiculous (read: inexpensive.  The wait staff is super friendly and attentive, and you'll spend a lot of time looking at the pictures of famous people on the walls.  It's a really neat place, and I look forward to heading back there!
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2011,5/28/2011,113,521,5,6,4>I would rather navigate the ninth level of hell than the city of Chapel Hill. Yay-Go Tarheels and all that, but how does anyone find anything here?! Thankfully, Carolina Coffee Shop saved me from Dante's Inferno this week. While my sister spent a couple hours at UNC's dental school getting braces put on, I brought my laptop to do some grad school homework. I took the day off work to drive her to UNC because she doesn't care for driving there either. I was first given directions to a coffee shop in or near the UNC Health Sciences library; nope, never made it. Laptop still in tow, I then used the Yelp app on my iPhone to go to The Daily Grind; nope, couldn't find it either. I started to wonder if I was in some secret Harry Potter-like world where the UNC campus magically morphed and hid coffee shops from me, an Appalachian State muggle. So, I got the car out of the parking deck and followed Yelp directions to Caribou Coffee on Franklin Street...um, where's the parking?! I finally found a paid lot about 2 blocks away, parked the car, and walked back towards Franklin Street. Not sure where I ended up but I saw CCS across the street and decided to ditch finding Caribou -- being as I'd already wasted an hour and a half looking for three other WiFi'd coffee shops -- and stop here instead. The inside is dark wood, and seems rather old and quaint. It does not, however, seem or look like a coffee shop. I thought I smelled coffee at one point, but I wasn't sure. Their menu is more like a bar menu, and the prices are pretty good. Sarah, my server, was super nice. I ordered some sweet tea, the loaded nachos, and fired up the laptop to get some homework done.  I'd come back here. Hey, I can find this one at least!
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2010,5/26/2011,45,521,8,8,7>How can you really rate a park as beautiful as this anything other than 5 stars? While I'm partial to Eno River State Park, I do think that Umstead is as good as it can possibly get - especially since it's sandwiched between Raleigh and RDU airport.Trees: check. Bugs: check. Dirt: double-check. Critters: checkity-check-check. Groomed trails: checko. Cemetery: checkiddy-doo-da. Ranger's station: checkola. Shelters with grills: checkorama.Check the hours if you're coming later in the day since the park does close (I'd like to know how they put all of the animals away for the night...), but I really can't imagine any other "warning" of sorts. If you've ever been in a forest, you've got a good idea of what to expect.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,5/25/2011,26,102,2,6,5>We ventured back to the Pig this week with four Scots in tow (my visiting family). A few new discoveries worthy of mention:- the hushpuppies were way better this time around. Maybe we had a bad batch on our previous visit?- for a hole in the wall with counter service, the people are really very nice and helpful. They make me want to eat here and tip handsomely. This time the fella behind the counter gave us a free pickle plate. The green beans will set you on fire - but my, they're good stuff. We were a bit weirded out by the marinated eggs, but if you like that sort of thing (which Joel does), apparently they're good.- my sprouts and 'shrooms were a little cold but the concept was really yummy.- we gorged on the fried okra. We just couldn't help ourselves. They are habit-forming.- I was right the first time: those baked beans really are not to be missed.  I would encourage you to order way more food than you need and - sigh - cram the leftovers into takeout boxes for perusal at lunch the next day.
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,5/24/2011,28,84,1,9,7>Game Theory is a little hidden gem of a game store.  It's at the back of a strip mall, so it's kind of hard to find.Some of the games they sell include:Board games: Descent, Cosmic Encounters, Catan, Talisman, etc.Role-playing games: D&D, Hero Games, Pathfinder, Gurps, etc.Miniature games: Warhammer, Malifaux, Heavy Gear, etc.Card games: Flux, Gloom, Lunch Money, Killer Bunnies, etc.Collectable Card games: Magic the Gathering, World of Warcraft, etc.  They also cater to us gaming nerds with a variety of junk food and caffeine laden drinks, all at reasonable prices.While they have a large variety of gaming materials, they don't carry a lot of stock.  They will however order items for you if they don't have it.  The section they have for their retail stock takes up maybe a third of the store.  The rest is open for gaming which is the best thing about this place.  They have several tables and a couple of small rooms for customers.  They have a weekly schedule which you can find at meetup.com/game-theorySo if you're looking for a place to pick up a new pack of cards, check out the latest D&D manual or sit down with some dice and a few friends, check this place out.
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2010,5/24/2010,169,170,7,4,5>Rated R: retro!Hi, I'm the husband that never takes his wife to the movies (see Christina's review). For your information, we don't go to the movies because my home theater kicks ass. By home theater, I mean 42" projection TV with internal speakers. Hmm, maybe I should go to the movies more often. And, just maybe, I'll take my wife to Varsity Theatre. This place has a great retro vibe and the experience is more than just watching a movie. They serve beer and wine which is pretty unique to this area. If you like to drink then take take note of the location of the bathrooms before you enter the theater (they're upstairs). Popcorn is also good and they'll load it up with butter if you ask. They also have nachos and an assortment of candy.The movies are typically classics (both modern and from back in the day). If you want to surprise your significant other with something out of the ordinary then come to Varsity Theatre. Apparently awesome home theaters aren't always good enough....
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2010,5/22/2010,48,70,,4,3>I am finally getting around to yelping the Mad Hatter, which is one of my standards here in Durham. As an Alice in Wonderland fan I was immediately drawn to this place when I moved the area by mere name alone. And from the Alice perspective they do not disappoint. The space has an adorable mural of the Mad Hatter's tea party behind the bakery counter, and now that the new Tim Burton movie is coming out this week (hurrah!) they have many Alice in Wonderland designed sugar cookies including the Cheshire Cat, Eat Me, The Queen of Hearts Crown and The Mad Hatter's Top Hat (complete with 10/6). The glazed sugar cookies have always been one of my favorites and the Alice designs just make these extra wonderful!The lunches here are pretty tasty and I usually have a sandwich or a wrap. All of the baked goods I've tried- cupcakes, cookies, rolls, etc. have been delicious. My friend in Portland says she still thinks about the sprinkle-coated Jimmy cookies. Yum.One of my favorite things at Mad Hatter is the breakfast. The silver dollar pancakes with strawberries, the bowl of oatmeal with lots of fixins' or a Hatter's breakfast with bacon, eggs and sunflower toast. Also, the bottomless cup of the Mad Hatter Blend coffee by Counter Culture is delicious. I am sparing one star here because there are some things here I don't care for - the potatoes are not good - they are always under cooked IMHO and I skip on those. Also, the carpet in the dining area seriously needs to go. It is COVERED is spills and ickiness and there is no salvaging it. It is time for the owners to pull it up and put down some new hard flooring that doesn't soak up everything that is spilled. The women's bathrooms could also use a serious upgrade.But regardless of those little things the food is generally wonderful,  the service is friendly, the internet works great and there is an abundance of electrical sockets for those studying or working and using laptops (if you can't find them just look above the booth along the edge of the window).
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2010,5/21/2010,108,135,,4,5>I can't believe I haven't reviewed Busy Bee yet! Man, I love this place.The space has three levels. The ground floor has a nook of sorts in front - which is a great area to grab a cocktail with a group or chill with a book solo. The rest of the ground floor contains the main dining area which runs along the loooong bar. Above that is a little loft dining area and even beyond that, on the other side of the wardrobe, through the looking glass, and up some stairs is the rooftop patio and the Hive - which are by far my favorite areas. The Hive itself is more of an intimate club setting. They have DJs throughout the week and the bartenders and the cocktail magic they work are among some of the best I've run into in Raleigh. I mean...The Sting, people...if you've had one you know what I mean...This is one of those places where you can tell it really means a lot to the owners and servers just to be open and serving downtown Raleigh. And that's a place I can stand behind.
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2009,5/20/2010,12,71,3,15,8>A little known feature of RDU airport is the observation deck and park. It's a wonderful outdoor facility that is a bit out of the way. It's behind the control tower, there is a small access road to get to it between the terminals. Look at the map on the web site. You can drive right up to it, no need to go through a security checkpoint.It has a nice elevated deck with a good view of runway 5 Left. Runway 5 Right is behind you. The planes taking off from the southwest will get airborne right in front of you. There are speakers that play the radio channel for the tower and planes, so you can hear the pilots and controllers. There are lots of nice information displays about common planes and RDU history. Also has a playground with a sand pit, model runway to run up and down with your arms sticking out, picnic tables, benches with shade, and restrooms. It's a great place for the kids to sit and watch, run around, and play. On a nice day get some takeout food, go to this park, and then eat lunch while the planes takeoff and land. Then you can sit on a bench in the shade while the kids run around and get tired for a good nap.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/11/2010,5/19/2010,59,237,3,7,7>Came in for a UYE with a huge group, which could explain some of the food and service miscues to follow.  The outside of Sawasdee is your standard diamond in the rough strip mall store front, but the inside is nicely appointed and pretty fancy by asian restaurant standards.  We headed to the bar for a warm up cocktail before the main event and this is where the most glaring downside of the night occurred.  The bartender.  I practically had to wave a flare to get her to come take my drink order and she was doing absolutely nothing else.  Her attitude after that was most certainly not going by the 'service with a smile' slogan.  I am pretty sure that she was the reason (not the waitress) that the drink service at our table the rest of the night was bad.  Anyways, after we all got seated, the table service was okay, but like I said, we were a big and demanding group.  Food wise, the menu is huge and contained many tasty sounding dishes.  I went with the spicy eggplant with chicken and my wife got the evil jungle noodles.  We LOVE spicy food and both entrees were marked with the spicy 'star' on the menu (my the wife even requested the most spicy option).  When everything came out, the dishes were good (especially the eggplant), but there was zero heat.  Plus, the food was a little on the cold side (probably the big group effect again).  There is potential for greatness here, but I was let down this time around.  Sushi Thai in Cary still holds the crown in my book.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2010,5/18/2010,31,157,3,13,7>Natty Greene's still hasn't had it's "Grand Opening" and I've already eaten dinner there twice...I'm way too excited about this place. The building itself is HUGE with a full dining room, huge bar area with tables, and an additional sizeable game room with another bar, shuffleboard table (which I'm also in love with), dart boards, and a Golden Tee hooked up to a huge LCD screen. The place is big enough that you could get a motherload of people in there without having to stand directly on top of each other (a definite plus when it comes to me and bars).Food wise, I went both times with a reasonably large group of people, so we all ordered something different and passed plates around. My favorites:"The Cohiba * slow-roasted premium pork loin, ham, Swiss cheese, horseradish mayo and our chipotle barbecue sauce press-grilled on a baguette." The bread on this sandwich is caramelized with the chipotle sauce, and is my new favorite sandwich eeeevaaar.  While it is technically a sandwich, you have to eat it with a fork and knife (or get ridiculously messy in the process). Way too good, I'm going to crave this one in my sleep.App wise my favorite was "Fire in the Hole" which was described on the menu as "wing nachos." What they were, were chicken wings, but with crumbled blue cheese on them and jalapenos. Really really good, and definitely something I've never seen done before.The people I was with also raved about how awesome the collard greens were( over and over again for hours). Since collards aren't my thing I didn't try them, but if they're your thing apparently they are pretty freaking fantastic.Beer wise I would recommend the "Natty's Test Batch" (a Rye) and "Freedom American Strong Pale Ale" both of which were brewed at the Raleigh location. They also have a huge selection of full-time beers and seasonals that were brought in from the Greensboro location, so you're bound to find a style of beer you're down with.Current Beers on Tap (which I stole from New Raleigh):Year-RoundGuilford Golden AleBuckshot Amber AleSouthern Pale AleOld Town Brown AleWildflower WitbierSeasonalCommoner KolschSmoky Mountain PorterGunSmith's Dark Munich LagerSt. Nathanael's Abbey DubbelFreedom American Strong Pale Aleand a Trial Batch of a Spring Rye I discovered the joy of Shuffleboard there a few nights ago and plan on going back on the regular to work on my game if anyone is looking for a good butt kicking (is it even butt kicking in shuffleboard?)..
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2010,5/17/2010,117,315,9,15,12>He whispered, "I want to take you to Mosaic. It means more to me - it would mean a lot to me." With such ardor, I obliged, my curiosity piqued.There is something to be said for a place that stimulates all five senses when you first walk in. I literally smiled and got butterflies. Smell: the warm, spicy fragrance envelops you, inviting youSight: rich colors, bold textures, GOLD, overall Moroccan sumptuousness Sound: gentle, beating strains of Middle Eastern classical with a lounge aesthetic a la Thievery Corporation Touch:  smooth wood grain bar, soft leather bar stools, plush pillows and sofasTasteIt was wine tasting Wednesday. I started with a rich glass of Cote-de-Rhone. Sigh. I'm in love. I tasted several other wines, a citrusy Sangiovese, a peppery Merlot, a Rose that made me blush, and a crisp pinot gris. We paired our wine with the catered Middle Eastern food - all you can eat, for $5! And the food was, OMG (x3) delicious! There were two wonderful salads, one with pine nuts and a light creamy dressing - the other strawberry spinach with raspberry vinaigrette. I also ate some superbly spiced lamb and beef kabob and flavorful curry chicken. OMG! There was this curried chicken pizza - faint, Sigh, AND I'm in love. It was delicious! The dough was pita like but perfect and smoky - probably the best pizza ever. I even stole his slice... They had a pasta and a potato dish as well - both super yummy. Did I mention I ate two heaping plates and I'm erm, only 112 pounds? Yes, it was THAT good. I also loved how the owner was there and chatted us up. He was just cool and exuded pride of ownership (well who wouldn't be proud to own this place?!) and it showed in the overall awesomeness that is Mosaic. My taste buds alone give Mosaic 5 stars; the other 4 senses concur.  Prost!
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2010,5/16/2010,163,364,,3,5>A Neighborhood bar on Franklin Street? You don't say?Linda's was my first Chapel Hill Bar experience, back in 2003. Now it's my department's bar hang out. Good bartenders, solid food, and cheap beer. It's a chill spot-- don't come here to dance or be (too) rowdy. Good place to hang and knock some back with some friends.
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,5/15/2010,21,60,,7,4>A friend recently introduced me to climbing at Vertical Edge - what a blast.  I can't compare to other climbing facilities, of course, I can really only discuss things from the complete beginner's perspective.And Mark, the lone employee, was exceptionally helpful - initially helping get fit into a pair of climbing shoes, then giving me my belay test.  I was expecting a hurried, unhelpful test, but instead he took his time with us in the test and gave me a lot of helpful pointers.I had a great time learning bouldering and top roping, and a big part of that was how welcome I felt as a newbie.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2009,5/14/2010,40,131,2,5,2>I had my initial experience with Five Guys Burgers and Fries(FGB&F) in Knightdale several days ago. I took special note of the fact that I had passed Knightdale Seafood & BBQ while traveling to FGB&F. The temptation was very strong to change my plans and not have the carnivore treat at FGB&F. I remained strong and did not waiver. Today, in a full blown glorious display of weakness, I returned to Knightdale, NC to try Knightdale Seafood & BBQ. At mid afternoon, it was neither time for lunch or dinner but I made it time for a small meal when I noticed a hidden side entrance calling me by tugging at my stomach with the words "Take Out". I entered into a very small waiting area with 10 old mis-matched chairs and 3 or 4 tables. This must be where one waits while the order is prepared. Above the stainless steel take out counter was a limited menu which initially disappointed me. In fact, I almost walked out without ordering. The woman who took my order was pleasant, happy and offered suggestions and menu guidance. Most importantly, she handed me a full menu. I kept it simple by ordering a fried flounder sandwich. While waiting and still looking at the menu, I saw clam chowder was offered. When I asked what kind, Manhattan or New England, the answer was correct: New England. Happily, a small 8oz cup is offered for only $2.50 ! While waiting, she described the lunch buffets and the difference between Sunday and weekday options. They also offer a large selection of beef, pork, chicken, rabbit etc..These sound very tempting. I still needed to try my humble order before considering a larger future sit down meal. My order was complete after 5 minutes and I decided to eat at one of the tables in the small Take Out area instead of splattering clam chowder in my car. The sandwich and the soup were hot and fresh. The clam chowder was divine. My point of reference for NE Clam Chowder is the Oyster Bar in Grand Central Terminal.( It's "Terminal not "Station". If you are at Grand Central Station in NY, you are inside a Post Office- zip 10017!) This chowder definitely passed muster.  The flounder sandwich had several fillets lightly breaded and fried to a golden crisp: hot, tasty, crispy exterior with the fish being moist and flaky. For about $7.50, I delighted my taste buds. I 'm still smiling ! I can't wait to dine in the main restaurant because of this simple but excellent experience !!!!
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,7/21/2013,65,104,3,4,5>I rarely give 5 stars and I would actually give 6 if yelp had another level. The staff is the most personable staff I have ever met. My wife and I sat at the bar and were greeted by Adam (Great Bartender). Adam recommended the fried mozzarella and it was INCREDIBLE!!Adam has to take a break, so Tyler took over and was just as hospitable as Adam. We then met one of the owners (Joe), you explained that Fitzgerald's is a locally owned restaurant and not a franchise. Also, their kitchen will be making all of the foods from scratch at the restaurant. During our dinner and drinks we met the staff trainer (Paul). Paul is an absolute riot. Funny guy and makes sure that the customers are well taken care of. Unfortunately Paul is taking a position in Charlotte at another one of the owner's restaurant, Kennedy's. If you are in Charlotte, stop in and meet Paul (kennedyscharlotte.com). For dinner my wife had the Shepherd's Pie and I had the Fish & Chips. These are two staples of an Irish Pub. If you can't get these right, you don't need to be in business. Well, they nailed it!! Great Irish Fare!!Oh, and one last note: Adam can pour a perfect Pint of Guinness and the tap is cold. Great experience and we will be back often!!!!
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,7/20/2013,315,293,5,5,4>I gave Tarbouch a try for lunch recently. You order at the counter and then seat yourself at this establishment. I ordered the lamb sheesh kabob platter with my two sides being the green beans and baba ghannouj. With an iced tea the price came to about $13.50. My sides came out first, the green beans were delish; very well-seasoned and a generous portion for a side. The baba ghannouj was plentiful also and came with some bread. More of an appetizer than a side, so I am glad it came out well ahead of the kabobs. Others who came after me starting getting their orders, which made me worry, so I inquired about my lamb kabobs. The cook told me they were coming out soon, and they did. The lamb was very succulent, and tender. I don't eat lamb often but theirs was perfectly cooked and flavorful. They kabobs were served on top of a bed of rice and squash. It was great, but I couldn't quite finish it all. It was just a little but too much food for me for lunch. I think a Gyro might suffice next time! The service was very friendly and efficient. There was a little bit of a wait for the kabobs as I previously mentioned, but in the end, I was ok with that.Pro tip: This may be TMI, but the bathroom at Tarbouch is unisex and to conserve water they have one button on the loo to push after a "number 1" and another blue one to push after a "number two" with the note "blue for two". I thought this was funny and I will always remember Tarbouch as the "blue for two" place...as well as their great food of course!
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,7/19/2013,44,156,,2,5>Can't stop.  Won't stop.Chuck's is usually my Monday go-to.  While I'm not adventurous enough for anything except the Bear in Heaven (little chuck [5 oz]), they offer a nice variety to please the more daring taste buds, as well as the paleo driven. With friends, you must split the half pound of Belgian fries.  You still always have some left-over, but your meal isn't complete without them.  The garlic aioli is a staple, I don't care what other dipping sauce you get.I'm usually too full for any else, but rumor on the street is that their roasted banana and peanut butter milkshake is fairly amazing.
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,7/18/2013,50,49,4,5,5>This is my go-to spot when I've got some time to kill on Franklin. I'm the type of person who arrives at least 20 minutes early to everything, so when I've got a 9:00 appointment with my buddies next door at the Crunkleton, and find myself there at 8:30, I'm delighted to make a little foray into The Bookshop. Much larger than it appears from the outside, The Bookshop is cozy, cute, and smells exactly as it should-- of centuries old books. In fact, I'm pretty sure there are a couple in there spanning as far back as the 1500s, which is, in my eyes, pretty darned nifty. Unlike many used book stores that have garnered the kind of acclaim that The Bookshop has, they are still very reasonably priced. You won't find yourself paying $9 for a battered copy of Twilight, in other words (though, let's be honest... the clientele here probably has better taste than that). Also, the cats are cute, if not a bit standoffish. I'm sure they get sick of people trying to chase them around the store all the time, so it's kind of understandable.
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,7/17/2013,35,104,3,5,4>There are a few staples I order when testing a new restaurant. The mark of a quality kitchen is one that produces a stellar, memorable dish that is ordinarily one of the least popular items on a menu. In this case, the test was the veggie burger. DPC's veggie burger knocked my socks off. It is, by far, the best I've had in years. This is the real deal, a meal, not a chef's obscene gesture towards the once-trendy vegetarian preference. It's rugged, topped with real brie cheese and sprouts. India built a whole cuisine on vegetarianism that is respected worldwide. Now, thanks to efforts such as that by DPC's kitchen crew, maybe America can leave behind its infantile veg stage and begin to invent its own version of fresh, filling, vegetarian delights. Too sensational? Maybe. Still a damn impressive burger with ample fries to side.At DPC, you'll also find floor staff that are helpful and courteous by every measure. They remember their regular customers amidst the hundreds that pass through every day. For kitchen voyeurs, the chefs at the exposed grill are personable and energetic as they engage with customers passing by. Nothing is missed.DPC could earn a 5th star. It's so very close. What holds it back are lack of same-priced alternatives to fries, and the mediocre pre-made wraps. By taste and size, the wraps aren't worth the price. Another rare occurrence is the occasional sub-par to-order item, as the recent water-thin broccoli soup proved to be. Occasional sub-pars aside, DPC's atmosphere is bright and lively with floor to ceiling windows. There is always music in the background, and bless them, they seem to be piping in my Pandora electronic channel. When I inquired to the source, indeed it was Pandora! No commercials, always eclectic, and now some festive seasonal tunes.Final word: beers on tap  and wine for those parents struggling through an exhausting day at the museum.  Win.
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,7/16/2013,67,258,4,8,7>I can't believe I've passed this place so many times but never stopped in until last week.  The outside is deceiving- I assumed it was tiny, but it was much bigger than I expected, and filled to the brim with all kinds of thrift store goodies.  Good prices on most everything, too.  Only negative is that they don't have shopping carts so I couldn't spend as much time as I wanted since I had the toddler in tow and no stroller in the car...:(  But I will definitely be back, as it's one of the coolest thirft stores I've found in the FV area.  Also, worth noting, according to the website & signs "it's a non-profit which accepts donations to assist diabled veterans along with supporting acting service men & women".  Knowing I'm shopping at a non-profit for veterans & active service men/women makes me even more likely to buy and shop here more frequently!  Check it out so they can stay in business!
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,7/15/2013,8,158,5,6,4>I had missed breakfast, and lunch and was approaching late afternoon.Hightailed it out of Chapel Hill, not wanting to fiddle for parking...Enjoying powder blue heaven and the beautiful trees lining Franklin Street.The refrain of the Tar Heel Anthem running through my head. (I kid you not).i didn't want to go to 3 cups on an empty tummy.And then remembered.Sunrise Biscuit Kitchen.I was headed downhill at a trot.Careful cause you'll miss it on the downslope.Took the left. Pulled in to the drive-thu.Grabbed the bag from the window.Marveling that I had change from a 5 dolla' bill to do something with...Pulled over in RHD (rabid hunger desperation) and did it.yeah. I did.Drooled.I'm not ashamed to say that the smell, color and texture of the biscuit puts Biscuitville and Bojangles to crying shame.Got my protein fix and hunger sated...I could think more rationally.ProsBig ole fat biscuit and great tasting bacon and egg.ConsCould have been a bit hotter.Tips.Best to come at the place going uphill. Otherwise the traffic going into Tarheel country could be a pain in the patooshky.Overall Impression.This is an old skool drive-thru with a basic menu. What they do, they do very well. This is the place to go when you crave old fashioned momma's morning cookin'. Y-U-M.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,7/14/2013,69,760,,2,4>A terrific afternoon out with my bride while out tooling about in the little yellow car included an off the beaten path stop at Cedar Creek Gallery.  It's really not hard to find, it's just not on a main road.  I've been in Creedmoor for more than six years and I'm surprised this was the first time I stopped.Being a hobbyist this was a fun visit to see pieces of woodwork that I like to create myself, from wine bottle stoppers to pens to business card holders, tables and toy trains.  There is something for everyone here, and if you go out back, Matt might call you up near the kilns to show a little glass blowing.  I'm really not into the pottery or welded sculptures, although some of those sculptures were really REALLY fun to see.There's a vast variety of affordable to "must really WANT to GOT to HAFTA have to part with that kind of money!" gifts and general merchandise - oh, and handmade, not manufactured in a sweatshop out of the country.Buy Local - this is that kind of place!
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,7/13/2013,24,82,3,5,4>Good pizza.  The thin, foldable crust I love, easy on the sauce, and just enough toppings to to be good, without overdoing it.The crust was what really stood out to me, though.  Thin and crispy, but tender enough to avoid giving you a sore jaw.The prices are about as reasonable as you can find, and the quantities are just about perfect.Now, if they would just tear down all the Duke posters, and put up some 'Canes merchandise, maybe I could give them 5 stars.
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,7/12/2013,31,312,,5,4>In a word: fantastic! After striking out at Dame's (showed up at 8:30PM and told they weren't taking anymore walk-ins) and Mateo's (hour plus wait), we were happy to have our choices narrowed to one: Pizzeria Toro. It was maybe a 20 minute wait, which we spent at the bar in the back. Upon walking in, you are engulfed in delcious smells of wood-fired pizza and taken by a cool and relaxed atmosphere.For appetizer, we ordered the parmesan with 25 year old balsamic. Perfect salty and gritty cheese with tangy, sweet and thick balsamic. I kept ogling the kale salads that were at almost every table; I'll have to try that sometime. For pizzas, we shared two: 4 cheese sweet fennel sausage and the lamb meatball. Both were PHENOMENAL. Honestly, I could eat the crust straight any day. Perfect crispy, but not too flat. Great bits of salt throughout. The lamb had a great spice, which was balanced by the slightly bitter broccoli raab-like green. The sweet fennel sausage and the ricotta cheese provided a mild yet delicious counterbalance.The service was pretty good and the drink selection better than expected. Can't wait to come again and try more pizzas!!!
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,3/21/2014,27,90,,7,2>We ventured to The Pit's second location in Durham on Christmas Eve, and the space itself was absolutely breathtaking. This location is enormous, and it will be exciting when the weather warms up to take advantage of the rooftop patio!The service started out a bit shaky. Our server realized there were no water glasses on our table as she brought out the bottle of water. And then she left. We didn't actually get said water glasses for about 10 minutes, after we had placed our drink orders. I had to ask several questions about some of the vegetarian dishes to find out how they were prepared, and that led to confusion about what tofu dishes were on the menu. I granted her and the staff the benefit of the doubt for just opening. And, I have to give kudos to the staff for going above and beyond and ensuring the BBQ was vegan. To let you know, the BBQ tofu is DELICIOUS! Even those of you who can't imagine trying tofu at a BBQ restaurant, you really should. My fiance ordered the chopped turkey BBQ and gave it a resounding thumbs up. The fried okra was crisp and hot. The biscuits and hush puppies were served promptly upon our arrival, and he also gave them a thumbs up. All in all, a really good experience at The Pit in Durham. We will most definitely be back!
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,3/17/2014,15,20,,7,7>I've lost track of how many times I've been to Beasley's at this point.  Thought it was time for a review.Beasley's offers southern cuisine, but with a little modern flair -- in the presentation of the food and the decor of the place.  Inside -- As in some of the other AC restaurants, the menus are on the wall.  I find this annoying.  I sometimes have to stand in the middle of the restaurant around other people's tables to be able to read it, but what can you do?  I have the menu pretty much memorized at this point.  The decor is minimalist/modern.  Something like that.  I like it, except for the stools.  They are certainly insuring you won't linger after your meal because of the stools and the acoustics, which at times make the noise level deafening.  But, as you can see, I love the food so damn much that even those 2 things won't keep me away.  Bonus peeve:  The ladies bathroom has no where to hang your purse.  Bonus awesome:  the hand dryer! (you have to see it)The food -- I've had the chicken numerous times now, which is really what you should go for.  I wasn't sure how I'd like the honey drizzled on it, but IT'S AMAZING.  Juicy, generous portions, cooked to perfection.  Go for it.  All the sides I've had were delicious -- mashed potatoes with onion gravy, pimento mac n cheese, biscuits.  All of it = NOM.  I've also had the gravy and biscuits during the Sat/Sun brunch and it was the best I've ever had.  Do stay away from the "chicken pot pie".  That was a disaster.  It was basically a creamy chicken soup with a very thin biscuit placed on top.  Awful.They do have a full bar, but I've yet to try anything.  Also, great location downtown.  You could grab a bite, then wander around our thriving metropolis.  Have at it, y'all.
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,3/16/2014,139,155,,9,6>Oh. My. Yum. Andrew and I have been gazing at the Bloomsbury Bistro with longing eyes since we moved to Five Points, but have never felt like we could splurge on a night out here. Thank goodness for visiting parents! Definitely one of my top three meals in the Triangle EVER.The ambiance is intimate and candle lit. Elegant, but not stuffy.  I was thankful that even though the restaurant is small, it wasn't so tight that we were overhearing the conversations of neighboring tables. Our server was cheery and attentive and she gracefully accommodated our indecisive nature.Dinner began with a complimentary bread basket paired with a delicious herbed butter. The wine menu has a good selection of wines by the glass and the bottle (I chose a stellar Sonoma Pinot Noir). The rest of the table opted for specialty cocktails which were very strong (too strong for some), but well crafted with interesting flavor profiles. From what I understand, the menu changes often, but I have to describe our food as it was incredible. We started off with appetizers - a divine truffled potato torte and a "rueben-style" quail that was perfectly cooked. Textures, flavors, presentation, spot on.I ordered the mushroom risotto cakes with butternut squash which was incredible. I literally said "wow" on the first bite, the second bite and the third. Others at the table ordered the swordfish, the venison (very rare to find at a restaurant!) and the short ribs. The portions were significant - this is not a restaurant that gives you a tiny pea-sized entree- and everyone still cleaned their plate.We ended the night with cappuccinos and desserts - the hazelnut chocolate torte, apple cobbler with rum raisin ice cream and "figgy" creme brulee were all delicious. This is certainly one of the best fine dining establishments in the Triangle. A perfect choice for your next celebration!
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,3/15/2014,188,240,3,6,4>mmm host was kind of weird. he told me there was an hour wait. then 5 minutes later he was like nevermind and seated us.i had the viet lemongrass salad and it was pretty good. friends had the noodle soups and they liked it!
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,3/14/2014,7,234,,9,2>I stopped in for an early dinner with the family before a UNC basketball game based on the Yelp reviews.I love the comfortable, relaxed environment.  The seating is limited but the atmosphere is just what I like.  And Al and his employees make you feel welcome from the start.  The menu is fantastic and the food is outstanding.  Both the regular fries and sweet potato fries are as good as it gets.  You don't even need catsup.  And the burger are very tasty.  They have some great toppings and the they're cooked as you request them.I did have a few concerns.  The 9oz burger is served on the same bun as the 6oz burger which gives you a lot of burger that goes without any bread.  Not terrible but not as enjoyable.  And the drinks are small and loaded with ice.  I was going to go back up to ask about refills but they were busy.  And finally, I felt a little ambushed on the tip.  They turn the "register" over to you and have you select it electronically in front of them.  The options are 15%, 18% and No Tip.  I went with 15% and regretted it.  For counter service, it seems extreme.  I'd handle it differently next time but in the moment where I was soaking it all in, I went on instinct and regretted it.  Unfortunately I'll remember throwing away that $6 more than the food.Overall it's a little pricy but the food is fantastic.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,3/13/2014,64,257,6,8,8>Old-school as can be! The waitress will call you 'Hon' and she'll mean it, the sweet tea should come with a side of insulin, and the food is fresh, hot, and simple. Top tip: Finch's is the only place in town where I can order my fried eggs over medium and actually have them arrive that way. You'll see everyone from ironically bearded hipsters to stiff-suited politicians getting their grub on here; the prices are right (cash only, too!) and the food is consistent. Bypass the trendy brunch places sometime and taste a little bit of Raleigh's past!
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,3/12/2014,50,98,2,22,6>A wonderful addition to Downtown Durham's strong revitalization, Rose's Meat Market and Sweet Shop opened in the summer of 2013. Very convenient to my house, I'm finding myself visiting often to grab a few take-out boxes of the nightly special, which you can find posted on their Facebook page. The meat they sell is high-quality, local and not over-priced, but it is a tad more expensive than what you'd find in the grocery chains. The selection varies and they sell out of some cuts as the day drags on, but if you don't see what you need, just ask. They may have what you need in the walk-in and just need to clean it and cut it for you. They cure pork, have tons of different house-made sausages and stocks plus smoked meat. The sweets they sell are outstanding. My latest addition is the ginger cookies, which are thin, buttery and very crispy. A great option if you are out to impress by cooking a quality dinner and aren't into making desert. Have never had trouble parking, and even though they are busy and the line may move slow thanks to customers getting multiple items and asking lots of questions, they usually have five on staff who are willing to help - just give them a moment to wash their hands. Staff is very helpful and can answer complex questions from snooty foodies like myself. Each time I've been to Rose's there have been a couple other parties getting things. I really hope they are able to stay in business, and I also hope they consider carving out some space and renting it to a cheesemonger (perhaps we could get Reliable Cheese back). Given the strong reviews and loyal following, I think Rose's will stick. I'm rooting for this place and will put my money where my review is. Also saw they are offering charcuterie lessons. I'm all over that the next time the classes mesh with my schedule.  Very highly recommended.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,3/11/2014,35,63,14,10,6>I mean really, I just sort of stumbled in here for the napkins. At least that's the story I'm going with even though I'm pretty sure my mom doesn't have a yelp account (yet). But you never know. So yeah...napkinsBut seriously, if you were in need of napkins I'm sure the staff here would be super helpful. I mean, say you had an IDEA about the kind of napkins that you wanted, perhaps even done a preliminary diagram of the napkins you felt would really help you express yourself the best. The staff here seem like the sort of upstanding (and beardy) gentlemen who would take your sketch, figure out exactly how to make those napkins work for you, then deliver the napkins in a way that is totally not scary or intimidating.I mean really...they're just napkins. Silly.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,3/10/2014,108,135,,5,5>Ryan and his team know their tea! The passion this family-run local business shows for tea and it's customers is delightful. The store itself is very well laid-out with ready-packed teas and gift sets along one wall and bins of fresh loose-leaf teas (the variety and quality of which is astounding) along the other. Stop by for gifts (candles, jams, soap, biscuit mixes, etc) and grab a few truffles from the case too! If you have time to spare, ask the staff what's new and they will pull bins down, let you smell the fresh teas and tell you everything you'd ever want to know about tea!
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,3/9/2014,15,79,,7,3>We walked in just wanting to check out the store, after eyeing it every time we get Chinese groceries from Li Ming's.We walked out with FOUR new games...The board game and card game selection is impressive, to say the least! All the classic strategy games are there, along with a wide variety of games we had only heard of through the grapevine or seen on board game review sites. Most impressive to me were the prices -- maybe we were lucky, but all of the prices were comparable to those on Amazon, which is where we usually find the lowest prices. So yay for supporting a local business & getting instant game gratification! Definitely a good place to find gifts for board game lovers.This ginormous shop also has large areas dedicated to figurines and comic books, as well as gamer tables and community events in the back half.
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,1/12/2013,69,194,9,9,9>After discovering the 24" pizza challenge UYE event via Romin, I knew my boyfriend HAD do this. So, this afternoon, we arrived at Ruckus a bit cocky for Raleighwood-ers entering into Cary territory.Two tables and six yelpers later, we had four pizza challengers and four cheerleader/standby-ers for the UYE! Let's just say, there was a bunch of smack-talkin' and topping discussin' going on. Ruckus pizza challenge veteran Kuanyu C. gave tips from his pizza-eating history -- all while in his TMNT Michelangelo hat and green turtle shirt. Absolutely LOVED that he was in character!The pizzas took a while to come out (four 24" with four toppings each). Our table o' yelpers ordered around 1pm-ish, and we got all of our food around 2pm. A bit longer than expected, but it was a LOT of pizza -- each was 5lb each! The only thing that made me sad was that we didn't get the Challenge sign next to our table - grr! I'm ashamed to say, I was a horrible cheerleader. Oh, I wanted my boyfriend to win swag SO bad. I mean, who wouldn't want a Ruckus $100 gift card, "cool" t-shirt, wall photo, bragging rights, AND free pizza tab?!As the competitors went from a fast chug to a slow stall, our waitress kept the drinks coming and no one's glass went empty. She was really accommodating to our limited table space and the mild pizza mix-up (in regards to topping confusion -- whose was whose). On top of all that, she was pretty awesome at keeping us updated on our remaining time intervals. As I enjoyed my boyfriend's painful pizza stuffing, I devoured a whole sausage, mushroom, and pepperoni calzone (it even came with pizza dippin' sauce!). Very tasty and full of velvety mozzarella and ricotta cheese, but SO big. My stomach ached after I demolished it, and it didn't help to watch the pizza challengers struggling through their huge pies (I had mild nausea). I also ended up not hungry for 4 hours after eating.In the end, there were: disappointed faces, huge food babies, chewed crust piles, and our terrifying bills (just kidding). However, all failed contestants received a t-shirt of shame (I challenged the pizza, and the pizza won!) and a $10 gift card. Fortunately, you can use said gift card on your pizza bill. Nifty! I'm still surprised that three of the Yelp competitors brought their remaining pizza home -- wouldn't it be a nightmarish reminder of your defeat?My pizza challenge suggestions: avoid salty toppings (olives included). As for veggies, think light and thin. Try out different slice-eating techniques: slice dunking (water), sandwich making (slice on slice), topping peeling, crust separation, or the occasional standing up (ask Kuanyu for a demo).Needless to say, I'm proud of everyone's energy, enthusiasm, and lack of vomiting. In the end, the pizza will PWN you. Just be prepared to pay $35 for your pizza if you can't finish it!
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,1/11/2013,22,56,16,10,7>I'm typically not a big fan of seafood.  Other than shrimp, why would you eat something that smells like a porta-john at an Indian food festival.  No one has ever said "This smells fishy." and meant it in a good way.  Apparently the whole goal of fish is to make it taste nothing like fish.  No one has ever ordered a steak and complained that it tasted too beefy.  NC Seafood does a great job of this by battering it, deep frying it, then allowing you to smother it in the sauce of your choice.I joke, but I really don't hate seafood that much.  I just don't see why you would eat it over a delicious furry land-animal.  If I am going to eat it though, it is usually at NC Seafood Restaurant. The restaurant is set up where you order from a counter then wait for your order to be called.  It's not a huge place but they do a great job maximizing seating so it usually isn't too hard to find a seat.  The oysters, flounder and scallops are all amazing.  As someone who typically jumps right over seafood on a menu, I always leave this place happy (correction: I leave miserable and usually have to stop to dry-heave on the side of the road from the absurd amount of grease and seafood I just ate, but I leave having enjoyed it).  I've never really tried anything that isn't fried and don't know anyone who has, but if you are looking for something healthy you are probably in the wrong place.The trays are insanely large.  If you are reasonably hungry then split a medium tray with another person and you may come close to finishing it.  If you are starving, then split the large.  Unless you can run with Joey Chestnut, do not try the large tray on your own.  You will end up a broken man (or woman) and a take-out box of seafood stinking up your fridge for months.  The trays come with tons of fries, coleslaw and hushpuppies.  I suggest going with a combo tray on your first visit to sample a few different types of seafood.Great- Fresh seafood (at least it tastes fresh), and massive portionsGood- The sidesEhhhh-  Weird hours, the feeling of certain death after the gluttonous amount of food you just ate, the smell of fried food on your clothes, horrible for you.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,1/10/2013,77,189,5,6,6>When the weather is good for having the windows down, I'm surprised there aren't more wrecks near Char-Grill with the smell of hamburgers cooking making you crave one right that second and swerve into their parking lot. Their burgers are consistently good. The hamburger steak jr. with fries is the perfect amount of food. If you're still hungry, the apple turnovers (think McDonald's old school apple pies) are great! Just know that they're filled with molten apple lava which will burn your mouth badly if you don't let them cool a bit before diving into one. The shakes are also nice way to finish off your meal. They only come in chocolate and vanilla (or zebra if you can't decide). The hot dogs and char burgers are also very tasty. If you want a trip down memory lane with a good meal, Char-Grll is the place to go.
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,1/9/2013,56,90,2,15,6>My date surprised me on Friday night with a trip out to Pittsboro to check out this relatively new spot. The atmosphere is perfection, I adore the old mill feel & the quaint ambiance. He called ahead to make reservations at 8pm, and we were seated right when we walked in. The hostess was warm and inviting, as was our server. While they had an extensive wine list, we opted for seasonal beers on tap. Warm bread & butter was served as we waited for our meal, he had the ribeye and I had the trout. Both came out cooked to perfection, full of flavor. Downright delish.We decided on after dinner coffee, and being the coffee snobs we are ... were quite impressed with the individual french press they brought out for each of us. We also prefer honey in our coffee, and our server gladly brought a small bowl of local clover honey - and went a step further to tell us where we could purchase it.We were beyond happy with our experience, and will certainly be back again!
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2012,1/8/2013,294,288,3,9,6>After a long hard day at work, where we grabbed drive thru fast food to get through the day (those of you that know me just know that is not how I roll at all), Lisa S. and I decided to go grab some Italian eats after getting out of the office late on Friday. Hearing some good buzz about Enrigo Italian Bistro, we gave it a try over at the new Waverly Place in Cary.I have to say, a wonderful experience from beginning to end. The staff/owners/chef were very nice, professional, cordial, and attentive. Big plus with me anywhere, you get big points for being that one-on-one with your customers. The place itself, small and cozy, definitely the definition of bistro. I like the atmosphere, it works great. There is also outside seating if you prefer. When offered our menus, we were treated with a large selection of different entrees and eats to choose from. We both opted for the Cappelletti (large pasta filled with beef), but we chose different sauces to compliment our dish. Lisa went with the Bolognese (beef & pork tomato sauce) while I went with the Cremosi ai Funghi (creamy mushroom sauce). When they arrived, both were incredible. Yes, we sampled each other's plates and enjoyed savoring them both. The Bolognese sauce was extra meaty and not so weak watery as you may find in other places. The cream mushroom sauce was just the right consistency and had a great mushroom taste without it overpowering the cream base. We had a great meal! Along with the glass of Prosecco we enjoyed with our meal, it was a great end of our day. At the conclusion of our meal, we got samples of the Tiramisu and the Creme Caramel...both were wonderful, and we enjoyed every bite.Bottom line: Great Italian meal experience from start to finish. Great people that talk to their customers and take pride in what they are doing. Wonderful atmosphere, definitely a bistro feel. I will be seeing them again in the future!
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,1/7/2013,15,79,,8,4>We visited on Sunday at noon, and the joint was hopping. No "line" per se, just take a number -- they'll call you up to order. Much less stressful than standing in line! The orders come out quick too; I heard the guys behind the counter timing themselves to improve efficiency. And customer service is great, friendly and neighborly.Savory: They were already out of pigs-in-a-blanket, so we got a ham & egg biscuit and a fried chicken biscuit. The ham was a generous, thick slab of moist and salty meat. The chicken was perfectly fried, great texture in and out. And the biscuits had a soft but firm texture, a little less buttery than Sunrise Biscuit. I still prefer the latter for taste, but I liked not having super greasy fingers afterwards.Donuts: You can tell they're made fresh, because they go in and out of availability. We got a chocolate glazed, a honey crisp apple fritter, an apple cider cake, and a vanilla iced with sprinkles. There are no old-fashioned style buttermilk donuts here, sadly, but I did enjoy their standard donut dough. Soft, not sickeningly sweet like Krispy Kreme, but not too chewy. The chocolate glaze is really rich -- needs a glass of milk to go with! The apple cider cake had great flavor, but I don't really like cake donuts. My favorite was the apple fritter, not too sweet, perfect texture. Also, the donuts are HUGE.Overall, I'd definitely come back for savory biscuit sandwiches and an apple fritter. I prefer these donuts over the ones I've had from Monuts Donuts. Welcome to Durham, Rise!
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,1/6/2013,199,740,,8,4>Stopped in for the first time this weekend, finally experiencing the best thing to hit Wake Forest in the 8 years that I have lived here. First off, the place is gorgeous. It is in the old Classic Cars building so there is A LOT of room. The brewing takes place all in the same wide open facility so you can see everything as it is going on which was neat to see for someone like me who has no clue as to how beer is made. There is lots of open space with a giant TV that everyone can see. It is more like a theater screen. There are two TVs, one on each side of the bar which listed the beer choices and information scrolling about each beer. They do not serve food but we were told that anytime we want to bring food in from other downtown restaurants, we are welcomed to do so. What a great thing for the downtown restaurants like Frankie C's that deliver! You can call them, order some grub and have them walk over next door to deliver it. Great way of keeping business downtown, which I love!!Also nice is that they stay open until midnight on the weekend and 10pm during the week. This is rare for WF but I hear is the trend for the renaissance plan for most businesses to stay open later as the downtown area is revitalized. What I loved:-The taste of the Classic White Street Pale Ale-The friendliness of the staff and the owner. They really seem grateful to be warmly welcomed into WF-The fact that there was a good crowd on a Saturday afternoon and new faces to downtown which told me that people are driving in from outside of the downtown area. This was impressive and is GREAT SIGN!-Growlers!!! Hubs and I grabbed a growler and will continue to go back (probably more than we would like to admit) to fill it to take home. It is a better deal to buy the growler if you are drinking beer inside as it ends up being about $2.50 per pint rather than the $5-6 but you have to plan on the fact that you are drinking at least 4 beers between you and your companion. That's not that difficult though. :)Note- there were no chairs but lots of bar space and tall tables. Apparently the chairs are on back order. It wasn't so bad on a Saturday afternoon hanging out but I would imagine being there to socialize with a group, especially wearing heels, it would be an issue. Hopefully the chairs will be in soon. Can't wait to go back and so stoked that it is walking distance to our house!
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,1/5/2013,170,196,1,15,4>Yummmm. I had such a great experience at Sullivan's the other night. My parents and future in-laws were all in town for a visit and we wanted to take them to a nice, fancy dinner while they were here. I loved the ambiance of this place, having been here only once for the Yelp Elite Prom night, and since then I have been wanting to come back and try the food. (We did have finger foods at Prom and they were fantastic) The whole experience was pleasant from start to finish. I booked 7pm reservations on Open Table, and when we arrived we were seated immediately.  Our waitress was SO great during the entire meal, bubbly, friendly and paid great attention to us. She came over often enough to make us feel taken care of, but not too much to be annoying which can happen in fancy restaurants when they try too hard sometimes.We started with a couple bottles of wine for the table, a white and a red and ordered the cheesesteak egg rolls for an appetizer. HOLY CRAP you need to try these!! They were SO good, such amazing flavor and I enjoyed every bite. We also all got pre-dinner salad which came with the meal.For dinner I got the filet mignon with a side of garlic broccoli. The steak was amazing!! I ordered it medium rare; it had a dark pink center, and was juicy, flavorful and cooked to perfection. It literally melted in my mouth. It was so good I was actually upset when it was gone. Even though I was literally stuffed, I managed to find room for dessert. Cheesecake with strawberry toppings and fresh strawberries. Again, it was amazing. I managed to eat over half of it, and then felt like I was going to explode. This was one of the best meals I have enjoyed out in a while. Due to my recent engagement, we wouldn't have gone to a meal this pricy if the folks weren't in town. You will pay a pretty penny for your meal, but it's totally worth it.  Everything was delicious and the service was excellent. I couldn't have asked for a better experience to show my parents a good time. They all loved their meals as well, and everyone left feeling full and happy.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2012,1/4/2013,58,186,,6,4>Sadly it took us 2 years to get here....and we live only 5 minutes away.  Ridiculous is what I say to that!  We did not have a reservation but decided to take our chances on a Saturday night at 8:15...it worked out as we only waited about 5-10 minutes for our table.  I love the 40's music playing that you hear even better from the outside as you're walking in.  It immediately sets the tone for the experience.  The decor is 40s/50s diner style with old black and white photos of movie stars and military all over the walls.  Old vintage sconces give it a low lighting that's so enjoyable.  Since this was our first visit, we opted to share a few things.  Little did we know how LARGE the portions were.  We knew the dessert would be huge, but be warned....everything is huge here.  We started with fried oysters and a half portion of the Annie Get Your Gun salad.  Even the half portion was huge!  For an entree we shared the salmon special which was great.  While the dinner was super, the real star was the dessert.  We shared the lemon cake with blueberries and cream cheese icing.  Heaven is what this was....and you guessed it - it was HUGE.  You could easily share the desserts with 4 people...Even if you dine somewhere else nearby, save room and come here for dessert!
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,1/3/2013,62,93,,6,4>There are taquerias, serving authentic Mexican tacos, tamales, etc. And then there are taco restaurants, serving hipster-fied, Americanized takes on the humble Latin American staple. Personally, I enjoy both. I've previously raved about banh mi style tacos at White Duck in Asheville, which falls squarely in the latter category. And that's also where I'd put Nanataco. It's a fun space, and the menu provides a lot of options, in terms of both foodstuffs (nachos, tacos, burritos, tortas, etc.), and a great, fairly funky selection of fillings (veggies, meats, "dirty meats"). On my first visit to Nanataco, I was starving when I arrived, so I decided to order nachos with hog jowls. In minutes, I had before me a 5-pound platter of piping hot tortilla chips, smothered in melted cheese, lettuce, tomato, sour cream, and fatty, salty, tender, succulent chunks of jowl. That portion would have been difficult for a table of 4 to finish, but it was so good, I put quite a dent in it on my own. The condiment bar includes a nice selection of salsas, pico de gallo, limes, onion, cilantro, pickled veggies, even coleslaw. I enjoyed adding a salsa verde and a caliente salsa chipotle to my meal.i understand Nanataco can be quite busy - in fact, I think I arrived just before the dinner rush, because there was a line out the door by the time I was ready to leave. It was a pretty open space - I don't know if that is just for warmer weather or if it's like that year-round. Parking is a bit challenging, so be prepared to fight your way into a "parking space" somewhere around the block. But, all in all, I would go back in a heartbeat.
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,8/30/2013,32,398,2,8,4>The (now) wife and I had our wedding here on Dec. 27th. And despite the fact that she showed up to the venue forgetting her wedding dress (seriously - how does one even do that? I love that crazy woman...) we had an amazing experience.The biggest reason we booked this venue is that the place is gorgeous. Amazing picture taking venue. You want water in the background? There's a pond out back. Trees? There's a little tree farm next door. Bushes/bench? Right there. Stairs for a group shot? Out front. A gorgeous house in the background? A staircase? Fireplace? All available for photos.The main room where we held the ceremony wasn't too big. It could probably hold in ~100 people comfortably (we only had ~15). However, it is laid out such that there is glass on three sides of the room, giving you great natural light and some beautiful background. They also have a full kitchen there for party purposes and a sound system you can plug into for music.Martha (who runs the place) was really accommodating helpful. She gave us the WiFi password so we could Skype in family for the wedding. She had no problem letting us have our dog as our ring bearer. And when we got there, the chairs were already set up. Perfect.And the best part? It was only $100/hour for us to reserve it. Well worth the cost and a great experience.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,8/29/2013,70,246,2,7,4>Klara's broke my heart and finally closed down their Cary location. We showed up to the Cary building the Sunday before last and they were taking out the artwork. We were told to head up Hillsborough St. to the Raleigh location. It's about a 15 minute drive from Cary, and being so close to campus, the parking was difficult. I can't imagine what it would have been like to try and park on a weekday.This location is smaller than the building they had in Cary, just a long, thin room. It's pleasantly decorated though, with dim lighting in the evening. I was happy to see the waitress from the Cary location had transferred over to Raleigh. She recognized us, complimented my husband on his weight loss, and made us feel as welcome at this location as the old one.The menu is slightly different now. Instead of the fried brie appetizer I normally order, they had a fried brie & mozzarella dish on the menu. The waitress told me she could request just brie for me, so I was able to get two pieces of brie as I normally have. I asked about a wine to pair with it, and I was told they were having a house wine special of a bottle of chardonnay for $12, so I got a whole bottle for myself. I also got a bowl of the soup of the day, which happened to be cabbage and kielbasa, one of my favorites. My husband ordered the spicy pork cutlet with grilled veggies, and also got the soup.The soup was as good as always. The kielbasa pieces are a bit smaller than what I make in my soup at home, and they're not grilled first, but my husband still likes Klara's soup better than mine.Our entrees were just as awesome as in the Cary location. Though the cranberry compote serving is a bit smaller than it used to be, the fried brie is still heavenly. The Tisdale chardonnay was decent for being such a cheap wine, and went fine with the brie. I would have preferred a more buttery chardonnay, but for $12 a bottle at a restaurant, you can't beat the price.My husband's pork cutlet was really good. It was a messy entree, but he said it was even better than the pork schnitzel that he used to get.Klara's is still one of my favorite restaurants for its wonderful food and service, even at its new Hillsborough location. However, the lack of parking and the distance from our house means we'll not be able to visit this Klara's as much as the old one. I hope someday in the future, they can find a nice cheap spot in Cary and move back closer to me. I'd love to be able to get take-out fried brie on a regular basis again.
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,8/28/2013,170,196,,10,6>Had an amazing time at defy gravity! A whole room full of trampolines!? I felt like a kid again as I bounced around the room, jumped into the foam pit and played dodgeball. Me and Carmen went with Brittany F. and her fiancé Andrew and all four of us had a great time, although we may not have had the stamina that the younger kids who go have. We got the one hour jump flight (for $12) and were absolutely exhausted afterwards. Jumping takes more out of you than we thought and we definitely needed a rest and some food afterwards. This place is basically just a big room of trampolines, and you bounce around as you please. You can get 1/2 hr. 1 hr. or 2hr. flights and they give you a bracelet that indicates what you purchased. They offer work out classes at 9pm on weeknights and 8am Saturday morning. I definitely plan to check those out sometime!
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,8/27/2013,28,39,,4,5>Kids? Dogs? Hipsters? Blue Devil? Tar heel? All are welcome at my favorite spot in Durham!Whenever it is a nice night, I am begging to go there. My husband and I pack up some bones to keep the dog busy (because a visit to Fullsteam is never short) and make the trek. Why do I keep coming back? (1) The food trucks - As a student, I love the cheap eats. As a local, I love the variety. (2) The games - Foosball, ping pong, arcade games, darts; they have it all. Plus, trivia night on Thursday. (Just watch out for the PhD students!)(3) The beers - Owner, Sean Wilson, is always coming up with creative concoctions using local ingredients; changing his menu with the seasons. My husband's favorite is the One Hop Rye IPA and my pick is the sweet potato lager, the Carver. But, you can't go wrong with their Fullsteam lager.(4) The atmosphere - Where else do students, parents, kiddos, hipsters, and dogs all mingle together? The big wide-open space and picnic tables makes everyone feel at-ease and welcome. It is like your favorite park from your childhood, but with beer.Other good-to-know facts to prepare you for your visit:- You can order beers in 6oz for $2, 12oz for $4, or pitchers- They don't close for private events, so don't be surprise to see some office or birthday parties- You can buy their growlers at Sam's or inside for $10 with a $4 bottle deposit- You can bring your own food inside.- Great place for large groups
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,8/26/2013,1,31,2,9,4>YUM! What a great new place. Guasaca is new to the Lake Boone Marketplace shopping area and completely deserves a 5-star rating. I drive Lake Boone Trail a lot and had seen the green sign go up a few weeks ago, finally this week (or last) it opened. We went to Guasaca at 4 pm on a Saturday and they had a steady stream of customers (a good sign). The menu is simple to understand, choose a bowl, salad, or arepa and then choose your fillings (meat or veggie) and toppings. I enjoyed 2 chicken arepas with pico (made fresh!) and cheese served with delicious cilantro sauce. My fiance choose one tilapia & one pork arepa. He said the tilapia was AMAZING, I tried a bite and wow - the fish tasted fresh and like real fish, it comes with caramelized onions, plantains, and cheese - again WOW. The pork was also good but fish was over the top. We also split a side of chips and their signature guasaca dip, avocado and salsa. I'm not a guacamole fan and I LOVED it, probably due to the fresh avocado. The staff was friendly, restaurant clean and bright. There's a menu here: blogs.newsobserver.com/s… All in all - highly recommend this place, head over and try out Guasaca.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,8/25/2013,83,168,2,7,2>....Okay now i'm REALLY dissapointed in myself that I haven't reviewed Seoul Garden. I absolutely love Korean food, and am in a constant search for the perfect bulgolgi and kimchi. I spent a summer in Korea back in college and fell in love with the food and the sense of community that came with every meal. Eating wasn't just something you did, it was a whole experience of laughing, chatting, and cooking right at the table! Like a mini-party! I definitely get that sense of community everytime I people watch at Seoul Garden. People just seem to enjoy themselves here, Korean or not. And I do too! My friends and I come here pretty frequently, enjoying their lunch specials and on occasion a dinner at the BBQ table. Fair warning, the menu is big and a bit complex if you have never had Korean food. Either take someone who knows their stuff, or prepared to ask a lot of questions (don't worry, the wait staff is very nice). And if you want a hint: get bulgolgi. You won't be sorry!Value wise, this place isn't cheap. Dinner will cost you close to $20 but for the price you will get your main course and a ton of smaller dishes (kimchi included) to try while your meal is being prepared! Be adventurous and try a bit of everything! And if you're on a budget come at lunch where you can get lunch sized portions for half the price!
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,8/24/2013,179,270,7,8,5>Hasn't skipped a beat.Don't let the blue hairs scare you away. Actually, blue hairs may be a good measure of a fine dining value around the inner beltline. Foodies come in all shapes and sizes my friend.Glenwood Grill has been around for many years and I've been a patron for as many myself. Which begs the question, why am I just now writing this review? Oh well.For those of us who love to dine, and dine well, but on a budget, I would suggest to venture on over M-TH for their $50 dinner. This meal includes soup or salad (to share), select choice of entree each (yes, including filet), a dessert to share, and a bottle of wine. A definite value at $50 and plenty o'food!!!Our service was right on point. The food was wonderful. Great value.
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,8/23/2013,51,120,,10,8>As someone who runs away from Forever 21, H&M and at times Marshall's and TJ Maxx SOLELY based on organization, I don't frequent thrift stores for that very reason. I'm am not about rummaging through bins and flipping through a ton of clothes a don't want to find the ones I do. The bargain box is a reprieve from messy bargain hunting! First of all, they have a large space and fill the space to the brim, making it easy to navigate and find clothing. They even have a "sale" rack and clothes are super cheap. They have nice clothes, I found a cute pink Ann Taylor skirt there for about $10. I still don't thrift much, but when I do, I always think of Bargain Box.
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,8/22/2013,46,25,4,9,5>Tim & Dean have done it again. Bar Lusconi is everything I had hoped for and more. The bar has an intimate feel (dimly lit, cozy space, candles on the tables) complete with gorgeous wood tables. Just like Peccadillo, they have a wine list full of unique and tasty wines that you can't (and shouldn't) pass up. This is a place where I generally let all my preconceived wine notions go and let Tim & Dean tell me what I want. For the record, they've never let me down. ;)In addition to wines, they offer beers and food including charcuterie, pâté, olives, cheese, bread, & chocolate. They mentioned that they'll be getting an in-house chef soon too!To top off all the good wine and food, Bar Lusconi is a mere 3 minute walk to my apartment, which if you're familiar with these bartenders, this is a huge win!
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,8/21/2013,50,138,1,6,5>I called ahead for prices because I've been jacked before on Glenwood. Not only was I quoted a low price, I recieved a wonderful trim and style from Andrea. She was not only personable, but understanding that I was in desperate need for a hair fix and couldn't spend a lot. She took her time explaining how she would doctor my mane after I showed her a photo of what I wanted, spent a gracious amount of time shampooing and conditioning (mm. head massage.) and gave a wonderful straightening blow-out. The salon itself is cute and chic. You feel pampered and welcome. Great music on their pandora playlist. When the time came to pay, it was UNDER what she'd initially said! (obviously tip your stylist!) Obviously a deal, and a treat. Obviously time to go ask for Andrea to transform your world.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,3/31/2014,136,284,7,9,4>Happy Birthday to ME! Can't believe I've been Yelping across 3 birthdays!Glenwood Grill is a place that Jay and I had both heard good things about, so we bee-bopped on over to enjoy a meal. The space is small, but cozy and romantic - and pretty busy on a Monday night! It being my b-day and all, I said "to hell with it" and ordered a glass of Von Kesselstatt RK Riesling. (If you can't pretend to be a grown up on your birthday, when can you?) and it was very sweet and refreshing.I started my meal with the She-Crab Soup and Jay ordered the Caesar Salad (complete with cheesy grit-croutons. This needs to start being a thing.) The soup was perfect and exactly what I was looking for; big chunks of crab and savory, creamy bisque. We both ordered the Shrimp and Grits for our entree, and I didn't want it to ever end. The shrimp were large and wonderfully cooked; they swam in a bed of pepper-jack grits, which I ate as slowly as possible to make them last. Warmed my belly through and through.Couldn't pass up on dessert when I heard the words "Pumpkin Bread Pudding", so we ordered one of those, complete with cinnamon gelato, and the Blueberry, Peach, Strawberry Cobbler. Both were divine and I ate until I could not eat another bite. Jay had to roll me out the door and I was never heard from again...Glenwood Grill was the perfect choice for a birthday date and I look forward to going again and recommending their menu to friends and family.Here's to another year :)
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2013,3/30/2014,6,72,2,8,3>Chapel Hill has so many great restaurants that Bon Appetit called it the Foodiest Small Town in America, but we are somewhat lacking, in my opinion, in the ethnic foods category. The best Mexican food is several miles outside of town (Fiesta Grill) and I'm still looking for really good Italian.We tried the Chinese-restaurant-on-Christmas-Day thing the past couple of years and that went badly. Two years ago, we made reservations at Red Bowl in University Mall and when we showed up for dinner, they informed you that they had decided to only serve carry-out. No phone call beforehand. We ended up at nearby Red Lotus, where we waited nearly an hour for a table.Last year, not to be deterred, we made reservations a month ahead at Red Lotus. When we arrived, we waited for well over an hour and eventually decided to snack on leftovers at home.Last night, we ate at Cholonad, a "South Indian" restaurant on West Franklin. It's a lovely if not huge exactly place with white tablecloths and they actually honor reservations, even on Christmas Day. There is a small parking lot next door that was full even on Christmas Day, when many students, faculty and others are out of town. There's public parking nearby.I actually know very little about Indian cuisine, though I have eaten it several times, but this is perhaps the best Indian meal I have had. My wife says it's the best ethnic food she's had in Chapel Hill. The food deserves a much better compliment than that, being roughly equivalent to claiming a diner has the best grits in New Jersey. Fact is, my wife, my son and I all enjoyed the meal immensely.We started with a beer that, unfortunately I cannot identify, but was an IPA that had a subtle undertone of coconut and curry recommended by our waiter. It went beautifully with the meal.We decided to order three entrees and share. We had the Chicken Tikka Kebab, quite spicy with a cooling yogurt sauce. We also had a Masala Dosa, potatoes in a thin pancake with four excellent sauces including a spice coconut sauce and a spicier lentil sauce. And, we had a lamb curry pot. All three were outstanding. We didn't leave a scrap.Now, if I could just find some decent Italian. . .P.S. I save 5 stars for VERY special places.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,3/29/2014,12,80,3,10,9>Best Burger place in the area! My husband is a chef and makes burgers at home quite a bit. I am  a big burger snob because his are cooked exactly the way I like them so it takes a lot to impress me with a burger. I had the Reuben and it was so good. It was cooked to a perfect medium. It had Boars Head pastrami and sauerkraut on rye bread. Yum-o. I got tater tots as my side. They were crispy and hot. They came with a side of Bad Daddy sauce. I don't know what is in that sauce but next time I will get a vat of it to slather everything in it. My husband got a build your own burger. He went a little crazy and got a burger with a cut hot dog on top with several cheeses. He wanted it a built a certain way. You can tell they have a good kitchen staff because they sent the manager over to clarify his order. Was it made correctly?? You betcha! He wolfed that thing down and it must have been good because I didn't even get to try it. The manager on duty that night was awesome! She came over after we got the food and made sure that his burger was made the way he wanted and to make sure we are happy and the restaurant was hopping that night so I know that she took the extra time for us.  I am counting down the days to when we can get back to Bad Daddy's so I can get my burger fix. Should you go? Of course. Go now. You won't regret it.
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,3/28/2014,170,196,1,9,5>I went here for the first time this past weekend on a bar crawl. This was the final stop, and we arrived there about 10:15pm. It was quiet when we arrived, just a few people sitting at tables along the wall, and at the bar. We strolled in with about 50 people on a bar crawl and it was crazy!First off, I like the feel of this place.  They have couches to your left when you first walk in, and tables along the side wall. The bar is beautiful and there's a lot of seating alongside it, but still allows room for others to get in and grab a drink. The problem was how narrow it is. With all those people we brought in, it got very hard to move around the place. There is a very narrow walkway, so once you pick your place, that is where you stay. Getting to the bathroom was a challenge, having to push past so many people, who didn't really have any place to go to move out of the way.There were about 10 Triangle Beers on tap at the bar, and they offer bottles of other breweries, if you'd rather. I started with the specialty cask, which was a dry hopped IPA, and it was really great. I also had their Habanero Pale Ale, which was surprisingly really good. It wasn't too spicy, but had a kick at the end. Definitely a must try if you are experiencing Triangle Brewery Beers for the first time. This bar has a very relaxed, welcoming atmosphere. I would recommend it to anyone looking to kick back, relax and enjoy a few cold ones with friends.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,3/27/2014,294,288,2,11,10>Coaxed out for an evening in DTR by Jennifer M. and Dave M. to come out and see Dave's band Downfall play at Black Flower, I made my way down to have a night of fun. But in the meantime while we waited for his set (midnight), we decided to head next door and try out Flash House. I am glad we walked over, we had a great time!Flash House is decorated in an eclectic sort of manner. Sort of a quirky study/library/home office type of theme going on, and it works. It's pretty cool how it all comes together, I like it, right down to the old adding machine with the cover off exposing the inner workings, etc. (Check out the few pics I managed to snap) They have a pretty sizable outside seating area as well. There is also what I tend to think of as a gigantic iPod touch-like jukebox there where you can pick almost any type of song, genre, decade, etc. you want to play and hear, it was great. Sitting down at the bar, I noticed plenty of beer in the cooler in the corner from your standby favorites down to PBR and Schlitz (wow, Schlitz?!? I had no idea they were still around when Dave pointed it out, used to see that in mini marts when I was a little kid). But the main attraction is the different array of liquors they have to make the cocktails. No, they are not on the same tier as say a C Grace is, but they do what they do well. They have about a 5 page menu of cocktails and drinks to choose from, and they have quite a variety. I started off with a particularly frothy one with egg whites and ginger that was pretty good, but I ended up sticking with The Bludger which is an orangy/citrusy type of cocktail that was easy to drink and pretty tasty. Service was great. Chandler and the crew keep the drinks coming, the conversation fun and interesting, and made the night a great one for us. In fact, we ended up coming back again after Dave's set was over to enjoy the last of the night there. The place is just very laid back, relaxing, and comfortable. I liked that feeling.Bottom line: I was pleasantly surprised by Flash House. Great eclectic atmosphere, giant iPod touch-like jukebox, variety of drink options, fun and attentive staff, and it all added up to a great first experience with the place. I plan on coming back again!
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,3/26/2014,611,755,5,14,15>I got a confession to make.  I've been to a couple of bars over the years and have a pretty good idea of what makes a great one.  And the Surf Club very much impressed on my first visit.  Didn't like the name at all but what the heck!  Stepping past some regulars out front I wasn't sure what to expect.  Inside it's pretty dark, dark woods, industrial, heavyweight butcher block tables and thin booths.  Nice shimmering bar on the right and a lanky bearded guy in back tending bar.  They've got a substantial set of beer taps at the end but I decide go with a gin and soda.  Nice touch, I get the whole can of soda which is unusual and the bartender is very efficient and customer-oriented.Poking around the space, Surf Club has some smaller rooms and a side space.  Dart board, shuffle board and pool table make for some good entertainment options and the Edison lights keeps everything in a peaceful glow.  Definitely lots of regulars here but everyone's nice to the intruder from the City of Oaks!  Yeah, I look a bit prepped out and sometimes you run into hipster bars with too much attitude.  Cough, Federal and Landmark, cough...   But the Surf Club does hipster right.  They still made this stranger feel right at home and that's what a bar is all about. So great job Surf Club!  An upscale dive bar with interesting peeps, cool decor and a bad-ass bartender always works for me.  Thanks for making my visit a good one...
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,3/25/2014,346,337,2,12,9>"Specializing in small, up and coming, family owned wineries"Wine enthusiasts living inside the beltline have another resource for wine. Today, braving the tornado warnings, Andy and I stopped by for the grand opening of The Wine Authorities and we were not the only ones as evidence by the large crowd. Serious winos are not going to let a little poor weather get in the way of discovering this special wine shop. So what makes it special? Let me count the ways.1. Their mission is to support and provide wine from small, independent grape farmers and winemakers. You won't find these wines in the supermarket or Total Wine. The local wine importers/distributors, like Wine Without Borders (France) and Piedmont (Italy), are exploring the world for those exemplary, highly talented 'mom and pop' type winemakers who put their heart and soul into every bottle. And what we get is world class, amazing wine for very reasonable prices. It's a big win situation for everyone!Today we were treated to a cava, French Grenache/syrah, moscato, an Italian white and dolcetto. All were good but I favored the Spanish sparkling wine and the French red blend, Mas de Libian Cotes-du-Rhone Rouge "Vin de Petanque" was very pleasant and impressive and for $11.99 I can stock up on this easy drinking, every day wine.2. They provide education by offering free wine tastings on Tuesdays and Saturdays...taste before you buy.3. They have an Enomatic tasting bar...24 self-serve wine stations. This is one of my favorites because you can taste at any time for a nominal fee. There are several comfy sofas to relax and really taste the wine and chat with others about the merits of the wines. 4. The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly making it easy and comfortable to ask for help and talk about wine.5. Upon buying my first bottle of wine with them, they set up my very own Virtual Wine Cellar. What a gift! I like the ability to track what I've purchased in the past particularly if I really like a wine and can't remember the name.6. In addition to the large selection of wine, they offer beer, mixers, cider, cheeses, other foods, Videri and Escazu chocolates, coffee.The Wine Authorities is located in the Oakwood neighborhood next door to the Yellow Dog Café and across the street from the Oak City Cycling Project. The Wine Authorities is a great addition to the downtown Raleigh wine scene.
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,3/24/2014,62,275,4,11,6>If you live anywhere near Raleigh this is your favorite new coffee joint. They have somehow carried off a Day of the Dead motif while still exhibiting a cheery and upbeat ambiance. So existential and I so dig it. Located downtown next to Cirque de Vol this place is guaranteed to soon be packed with Raleigh hipsters, it was already well populated mid-afternoon despite opening a week ago. While I was there the playlist wove through Radiohead, The Beatles, Bowie, The Ramones, Monsters and Men. When Citrix finally opens this place will be Nutella. I think their challenge will be managing coffee peak times in the AM and lunch. Nice problem to have, though!The space is a delight. Clean, open, and well lit in some places while still harboring a few dimly lit corners for ducking into for some laptop time. There is a coffee bar up front and a garage door sized opening in the front for sunny days which leads to a few bistro tables outside and really cool indoor/outdoor bench seating. The sound is well insulated so you can easily carry on a conversation with your tablemate without shouting or being annoyed with the table next to you for shouting. The drip coffee was perfect, and they host a robust selection of coffee/tea type sips and some luscious-looking bakery items. In the front case they carry incredible locally made salads from happy+hale, tamales, and numerous other lunchy options. My salad was perfect, loads of arugula, squash, walnuts and cranberries with a lovely balsamic on the side. This is the kind of place that DT Raleigh has been begging for for several years since local businesses started heading in this direction. Muy Bueno, Muertos folks!
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,3/23/2014,26,330,,7,3>Granted, turkey burgers are a nice alternative to beef, but they can be dry and not very flavorful.  Well not the one at 58Fifty Bistro!  I have to say it is The most delicious turkey burger I've ever had!  Juicy and flavorful with fresh spinach and feta cheese stuffed inside the burger served on a wonderful soft bun with chimichurri mayo and topped with lettuce and tomato.  It was so good that I cannot imagine coming back here and not having another ASAP!My dining partner had the pesto cream gemeli pasta with artichoke, spinach, mushrooms, tomato, kalamata olives, which she loved!  It was a huge portion that's creamy and loaded with goodness!I've tried the pastrami and swiss with cream cheese, mustard and pickles on a grilled baguette on a previous visit and enjoyed it, but that turkey burger had me talking about it all day long!,  Also can't go wrong with the wings and the homemade chips!
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,3/22/2014,58,77,3,7,5>I've been dying to try GoodyBox cupcakes for weeks now since I have been reading all of these rave reviews!  Luckily they did not disappoint!  I stopped in with my coworker to pick up a few cupcakes to bring over to my Dad's for dessert that night. Ten flavors were available and though my intention was to pick up 6, I knew I wasn't going to be able to choose amongst all of the delicious looking flavors available, so I walked out of there with a dozen. Favorites included: The Drumstick -  Brown sugar cake filled with ganache topped with vanilla bean buttercream dipped in chocolate and peanuts and a chocolate dipped waffle cookie. Seriously? What could sound better than that? The vanilla bean buttercream was to die for. Perfectly buttery, creamy and flavorful.  Everything buttercream should be. I love the brown sugar cake too! Moist, perfect brown sugar flavor.The Cookie Monster - Brown sugar chocolate chip cake topped with a chocolate chip cookie dough buttercream and a chocolate chip cookie.  I don't even need to tell you how good this was.  If you love cookie dough, you need to try this cupcake.Buzzed Brunette - Dark chocolate cake filled with ganache and topped with a mocha buttercream and a chocolate covered coffee bean.  I love how they fill a lot of their cupcakes with delicious ganache.  This cupcake was fabulous.  Best chocolate cake in town, great mocha flavor in the butter cream. Yum!Ok, so there were 7 more flavors.  They were all kind of my favorite, but this review could get a little long if I went through them all. Just go check them out .  You won't be sorry. The man working there was super nice and knowledgeable and I also thought the prices were pretty reasonable for the quality of cupcake you are getting. I can't wait to get back and try their hand pies!
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,10/10/2013,43,197,1,5,4>My husband and I met for lunch on a weekday, so it was not crowded and there was not wait.  The weather was PERFECT for outdoor dining, so we grabbed and outside seat, although the entire restaurant is open air!  Our first experience here started out rocky, as we waited 10-15 minutes before my husband had to find the manager and let him know that our waiter had not yet been to our table...fail.The manager was very apologetic and sent someone right over.  He also sent over a comped appetizer (the Bruschetta, which was delicious)....score!  Although not necessary, the manager's attempt at saving our review did not go unnoticed.  We ordered our own app as well, which was decent, but a little strange for me.  It was the Polenta, which was in a Bolognese-like sauce.  Our entrees were  good, creative and not your usual Italian fare...which we liked.  I ordered an Alfredo like sauce that tasted more pesto, but was good.  My husband got Gnocchi and really enjoyed it.  We each ordered a glass of wine and were surprised again when the manager personally refiled them for free!  He really did a fantastic job of remedying our initial situation.I would definitely go back and think it would be wonderful for dinner...bottle of wine, open air room, delicious food.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,10/9/2013,70,129,2,6,4>Great new brewery of Raleigh!  Trophy was started by a home brewer and has great potential. While it's small now(capacity is apparently only 14) they are already in the process to expand including a kitchen and a patio. The brewing room is small which accommodates their specialty brews. The bar covers the theme of trophies with the pulls on the taps being trophies as well as trophies all along the walls. The beer itself is really good. They have a peanut butter banana double which I wasn't sure of at first but turned out to be pretty good. It has just a hint of peanut butter. They also have a coffee stout which definitely had a strong coffee taste. I don't normally like dark beers but I could see myself drinking both of these. The cezan with a hint of apricot was my favorite out if all that I tried. It was definitely worth the wait outside in the cold to try this place out. I will hopefully make it back soon and can't wait to see what it's like after the expansion.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,10/8/2013,12,71,,12,2>I ate there tonight with my wife. When we first walked in, we were a bit puzzled by the format. It looks like a formal sit-down place, but you order fast-food style standing in a line at the counter. Yup, order at the counter, pay at the counter, find yourself a seat at the nice tables, and wait for them to bring your meal to your table in just a few minutes. So it's kind of a cross between Greek Fiesta and something more formal. I overheard the waitress talking about how she came up from another Taziki's in a different city, so I assume it is a franchise. The staff was very friendly and helpful and all smiles, but I think this is their first week being open. They serve on stoneware with metal silverware, and the wait staff buses the tables. Interesting format, but it works.The food arrived quick. The portions weren't American huge, they were sized just right. I got a beef tenderloin gyro, and my wife got the tilapia fish. The beef was nice and tender, the sauce in the gyro was quite good, and overall I was very pleased. The only complaint is that the pita bread for the gyro was too heavy / mushy / doughy for my preference, but not bad. I tried some of my wife's fish. It was seasoned very nicely, had a good texture, and came with a tartar sauce that I really like, it had a bite like light horseradish/jalepeno or something. The side salads and broiled potatoes were also done very well. Overall, my favorite was all the sauces. All the food was prepared very well.It was $10 a plate for dinner (not including drinks), so it's not fast food price, but it is worth it. I definitely got what I paid for, and plan on returning.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,10/7/2013,97,192,3,14,8>I'm going to humbly eat my previous review now.  But I'm glad to, to be able to say that I ate at The Cowfish Sushi Burger Bar!  I gave a poor review last week but that was due to not being seated yet and... well forget it, it doesn't matter now.  I've forgotten it. I've learned that this is a restaurant where the owners and staff truly care that their patrons are satisfied.  That type of integrity and dedication makes it a very special restaurant, even on top of their great service, lively atmosphere, and excellent food.After my last review I was contacted by Gwen from their Charlotte establishment who kindly convinced me to give them another try.  After giving it some thought, and also being flattered at their attempt to change my mind, I decided we should do so.  My daughter Haley is flying back to Cali tomorrow morning so it seemed like a perfect Mother-Daughter outing together.  And it was!At first after entering I was still put off with how loud it is, but that's me, I'm rather soft spoken and I also had a hard time hearing what the waitress was telling us when walking us through the rather lengthy menu.  The long menu puts me off a bit too, it is a LOT to look through.  But you know what?  I got into it.  We both did.  Its part of the mood, the atmosphere, the craziness of being in a Sushi-Burger Bar!  And the Servers understand that there are a lot of decisions to make, so they allowed some time to think about it, rather than stopping in too often like some places do.  The service timing was perfect and allowed each of us time to make excellent choices.I don't need to go into how fresh, flavorful and unique the food is here, you can read that in every review here.  But I will say again how excellent the Service was  (right on Thomas and Team!).  We also got to meet the owner who was friendly and welcoming, and I must say, I was almost in tears with how special our time was tonight, and how clear it is that we all have bad days and good ones, and the restaurant business is no exception.  My last meal with Haley on her vacation was a wonderful time together, and being at The Cowfish was a huge part of making it that way.
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,10/6/2013,38,93,,6,1>I went to Bull City Burger and Brew this week for the first time and I was quite impressed.  After a less than stellar lunch at City Kitchen (see review), I wasn't sure if I could stand another disappointing meal.  Luckily, I was not disappointed in the least.I made my own burger with bleu cheese, caramelized onions and aioli.  It was delicious. The duck frites were also delicious -- perfectly crispy and light.   I appreciate that they try to use local produce and that the beef is local and grass-fed.  I didn't try their beer or dessert but I guarantee I'll be back to try both.The only drawbacks (hence 4 stars instead of 5) are the fact that there is only street parking (or the municipal lot that you have to pay for before 7 pm).  The ambiance also isn't the best.  I'm also not a huge fan of the picnic table style dining.  BCBB, I will be back to see you soon.
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,10/5/2013,19,145,1,4,3>Phenomenal.  Fine dining at it's best.  We had been sitting on a gift card for here since Christmas and finally made a point to come here on a Saturday night.  Oddly enough it was Duke/Carolina night, but still, we got out of there in time to catch most of the game (even though it wasn't much of a game).  I digress.  Great service, super cozy atmosphere, a rotating menu of really mouth watering stuff.  One of those rare times when I legitimately was having to rack my brain to decide between about 6-7 different things on the menu.  A tasting menu here would really be worth it I think.  I know we'll be back, and we're thrilled to have found yet another top notch place in the area.  Go here!
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,10/4/2013,69,245,,4,5>i continue to love Neptune's for it's delicious seasonal cocktails, accommodating bar tenders, and great relaxed atmosphere.The last time we were there, there were a couple of unruly guys who had a bit too much to drink. One of them grabbed my friend's arm which was not only unwelcomed but also startled her. Almost immediately, the staff at Neptune's swooped in and asked the two to leave. Apparently, they had their eye on them earlier and that was their last chance to behave and they did not. I'm sure the two just had a little too much to drink, but as a group of girls who just want to go out to dance and have fun, the gesture was very much appreciated. Neptune's rotates through various DJ's and music themed nights. I would say 3/5 times I go there there's a DJ I enjoy. The asian dude does a great job with older one hit wonders from the 90's and even the 80's. The few I have not enjoyed don't really play 'dance-able' music although I would enjoy if i was there just to sit. Unfortunately, the nights the music isn't good, the drinks aren't good enough reason for us to stay, so we often split. Checking the event calendar to see what might be going on is a great way to find out if you'll like it there or not. Either way, if i'm going to Raleigh, i never leave home without my neptune's card!
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,10/3/2013,7,234,,5,1>We'd been meaning to try this place for some time and finally got around to it.  Clyde Cooper's is simple, traditional, comfortable and no frills.  It's is like a museum of barbecue.  The atmosphere is seemingly unchanged for decades.  But most importantly, the food is fantastic.  We especially loved the hush puppies, fries, ribs and pulled pork.  The serving sizes are a little on the small side (especially for the ribs) but the prices are very reasonable so I can't really complain.  The sandwich special is a great deal (BBQ or chicken with fries and a tea or lemonade for $5.50).  The servers are welcoming and efficient.I'm glad we finally made it over to Cooper's.  Good food done right.
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,10/2/2013,33,68,3,7,8>The entire concept is legit. Bicycles bicycles everywhere! It's their thing. Small but mighty, this hidden gem feels like home. If you want coffee and breakfast for working man prices, this is the place to be. It always smells good in there! Though the place can get busy, the crew behind the counter keeps it going. Never have I seen a furrowed brow. They run a tight ship and get you what you want in a hurry. Tuesday nights are good for biking. The crew meets up around 6PM to hit the town. Even if you can't hang with the big boys (like me) there is always someone willing to hang out in the back and light the way. Every girl likes a sharp-dressed man. Be on the look out for some tight tweeds. After the ride $2 beers hit the spot. They do a lot for their local community too. Oaks and Spokes, First Fridays, etc. There is always money going to some good cause. It's a place where you want to become a regular.
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,10/1/2013,32,177,,4,2>Been here a few times now, enough to check out several selections on the large tapas menu. It can be tough to get in, as the place is very popular. I've had good luck going at opening (5pm) on Sunday. The albondigas are by far my favorite, served in a very flavorful tomato sauce with field peas. They're terrific--four good-sized meatballs and a nice amount of the tomatoes and peas. I also very much enjoyed a special of quail escabeche with a citrus sauce and lentils. The shrimp with chorizo over grits and the Spanish deviled eggs were also winners. One time I had a tandoori chicken dish with pine nuts and an orange sauce that didn't really do it for me, but the last time I went it was no longer on the menu. The staff has always been very pleasant and dishes come out from the kitchen at a pretty good pace. I wish they were a little more generous with their wine pours, but oh well. Most dishes are between $6 and $10 and in most cases two would make a meal.
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,8/14/2012,198,565,2,6,4>Shame on me for thinking Humble Pie is but a brunch spot. One night here with all the tapas offering with a best friend, and I had to completely change my story.One night, after beer tasting at Tasty Beverage (I have come to learn, that is a sentence of beer snob equivalent of "One time, in band camp") we slowly moved toward Humble. Amazingly for a Thursday night we actually got dibs on the table.Let's relive the 8-course tapas feast:1. Hummus - a bit standard, a bit awesome flavor2. BBQ Shrimp - that Basque BBQ sauce was quite exquisite, add the tangy slaw, we quickly devoured them all3. Spinach Tart - in the form of thin crust pizza, shallot, garlic with goat cheese and parmesan; SOMEONE took a giant bite before realized we had to take picture4. Ahi Tuna - sesame crust, seared to perfection, add cilantro and Sriracha, lay nicely on fried rice balls; only three? how is a couple supposed to share nicely?!5. Short Rib Tostadas - added chimichurri, and mango salsa on the side; again, only THREE? You can't possibly share evenly!6. Grilled Asparagus - with fried egg on top, over easy, once the yolk broke, blended with miso butter, became awesome sauce; with lesson learned previously, we divided evenly and to each's own7. Airline Chicken Breast - interesting name, interesting taste; crisp proscuitto and sautéed mushrooms on top; quickly got devoured.8. Chocolate Torte - perfect finish to a meal; whipped nutella, strawberries, and balance the sweet with sprinkle of sea saltPlus, this meal was padded with lots and lots Sangria, so it was definitely "eat merrily, and have a good time."
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,8/13/2012,10,59,1,7,5>I went to Lantern recently for a special occasion and had a great dinner!  Although we had a reservation, we chose to sit at the back bar because the atmosphere is cooler and the tables are not spaced as closely together.  Let the stodgy old professors have the front half.  Food:  duck spring rolls, salt and pepper shrimp, and chaat are all wonderful.  They also had a whole fish entree special on that night that was great (and I'm not even a big fish person) and a shrimp and rice soup that was delicious.  Both the Junebug and the Homeward Angel cocktails were great as well.  Overall, expect a pricey meal if you get drinks and apps but it's well worth it.
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,8/12/2012,57,204,,5,2>Coca cola cake...that will be my main motivation for returning. It's great, it kinda taste like chocolate cake but with a more subtle chocolatey taste.I also had lunch with my cake. I got "The Mozz" and enjoyed it, the bread tasted l like it was fresh out the oven, they add their own flair to the pesto sauce, and of course the mozz was also fresh.I couldn't help but compare it to Gugulhupf  because of their gourmet similarities.It's slightly pricier than Gugulhupf , sandwiches don't come with sides and has less options, but it has a much more serene feel and is definitely less crowded. I think that's a big selling point.I would like to try their breakfast.
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,8/11/2012,67,240,2,5,2>How can you avoid looking like a fool with your powerless credit card in your hand while approaching the register at the the Refectory Cafe? Well, it's quite simple actually. Just remember that the cafe is uber-"green" (ie, very much into sustainability, recycling, and saving the planet in general) and thus will only accept your "green" (cash!). No, I actually was not "that guy" while visiting the cafe recently, but that was only because it was luckily one of the rare occasions whereby I do have cash on hand. Phew! Refectory Cafe is definitely a go to spot on Duke's West Campus for anyone looking for a fresh and healthy dining experience. It is also a phenomenal spot for any vegetarians or vegans as such dishes are aplenty here. As others have mentioned, do not be fooled by the cafeteria style dining and seating. This is good food! I typically opt for the "Student Special" which consists of a half wrap, cup of soup, and dessert bites (maybe only for the fact that I wish I was an undergrad again). There are usually 3 or 4 types of wraps to choose from and at least 2 soups, all of which are delicious. While on the soup note, the grilled cheese and tomato soup combo is simply killer and really hits the spot on a winter day. Other dishes that I have sampled and have me salivating as I type this include the Indian dal and savory beans and rice (with both dishes being vegan friendly). In addition to the lunch options, there is a small breakfast menu, tons of baked goods, and tasty organic coffee. Service is fast and friendly, and you tend to feel good about taking part in such an eco-friendly cause while dining here (or at least I do). Ample outdoor seating tops off the experience. You could definitely do way worse when it comes to campus dining, and furthermore the Refectory Cafe puts any of the Duke Hospital dining options to shame!
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,8/10/2012,61,102,,5,3>Love Love Love. I am a big fan of buying local - and if you want the freshest fruits/veggies - this is the place. Everytime I go here - I'm never disappointed.Prices are great and the food is fresh. How can you go wrong?A lot of the venders offer samples so you can pick which booth/farm fits your tastes best.I always pick up fresh flowers for the kichen/dining room as well and they last forever.The plants  are also the best of the best and way better than going to "home depot" or lowes and who knows where those plants came from.I try to go here at least every other week and stock up on fruits/veggies.You should get here early otherwise you might have trouble finding a spot to park. I love how the market is covered but open and you get a pretty good breeze.  If you live in the area and you haven't been out here yet - wake up early on the weekend and GO
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,8/9/2012,9,62,,3,4>Good grief. I just wanted to stay in there all day and smell the chocolate. They have a bunch of different ice cream push-ups right now for about $3. The coconut chocolate push-up is dairy-free. Go get one! It's dreamy.Pick up a spicy chocolate bar to take home. My favorite thing about dark chocolate? The kids are still stuck on milk chocolate and don't ask me for any. Mwahaha!
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,8/8/2012,61,116,2,5,5>I feel the need to write a review on behalf of my dog.Bella is a chocolate lab/vizsla mix who loooooves to run and, though she's not too adventurous on the water, has webbed feet.  Those two things should be enough to make this place awesome, but the trails are perfect.  We love weekend hikes and my husband has camped there as a leader for the middle school youth group.  It's really easy to get to and a perfect escape just 10 minutes away.Bella gives it two paws up!
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,8/7/2012,136,284,3,5,5>I've never been to Sugarland's Chapel Hill location, but I have sampled their wares at DPAC (best intermission snack ever!?)When my mom and I were in Cameron Village for a training walk, we decided that 6 miles earned us a treat. Sugarland's walls are pretty bare, but your eyes go straight to the beautiful assortment of cupcakes and gelato when you walk in. Actually - my eyes went straight to the cupcakes by the front window before I even made it in the door. I'm very impatient with my dessert-gazing.The staff was helpful when I had some questions about certain bite-sized cakes. Wimbledon cupcake, you say? Do tell! (It's comprised of fresh strawberries and rich Devon cream resting between layers of moist vanilla cake...so now you know.) I bought 4 cupcakes to-go; the Wimbeldon, a Pumpkin Choc Chip (thank you, THANK YOU for pumpkin not being seasonal. Best thing ever.), a Grasshopper for the gentleman at home, and a bangin' Chocolate/Caramel Fleur de Sel concoction that rocked my face off.All treats were purchased mid-day, so everything was fresh, moist and delightful. The icing is just the right amount, and the flavors are creative. The girl who rang me up didn't punch the price in correctly the first time, so I have one receipt for about $1 and then another for the rest of the amount - but that's ok!They also offer massive red velvet whoopie pies, oatmeal cream pies, and whole cakes for special events. Lots of people were inquiring about goodies for baby showers, b-days, etc. I'm going to pick cupcakes over gelato every day of the week, but hopefully I'll taste Sugarland's at some point!
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,8/6/2012,289,148,5,5,7>After a rousing car ride with Salt n Pepa's "Push It" on loud, and my bodacious ass making the car rock, I was basically starving. My handsome beau and I rolled up to Toast and ordered two sandwiches to share. It was my first time so I really enjoyed checking out the decor and menu. It's was all very cute.We got: 1. rapini, sweet Italian sausage, roasted garlic, and asiago fresca. It was amazing, light yet flavorful. The rapini was so fresh and so well seasoned and it layered perfectly with the sausage. I had actually been craving rapini lately so it was lovely to see it offered, and cooked so wonderfully. This sandwich is a 100 star beauty.2. grilled chicken, roasted peppers, mozzarella, salsa verde. What a wallop of freshness and seasoned artistry. It is so clear that Toast does not skimp on ingredients or preparation. This sandwich was a fourth of july sparkler of quality and flavor. 3. spicy lentil soup. I am not a huge lentil soup (or many other soups, quite honestly) fan so I "participated" by having a few spoonfuls and enjoyed it as much as a non soup person can enjoy a soup.Toast totally made me smile around my delicious grilled goodness. Not to be that guy, but as they say on Terminator...I'll be back.
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,8/5/2012,96,25,19,6,5>What a lovely little speak easy to get absolutely wasted in.  Two bars, Leather Bar stools, People drinking with friends, people drinking alone, a piano on a stage, low lighting to make me appear even more handsome, fantastic cocktails, a backroom with creepy people talking amongst themselves that gave me odd stares (O_O) when I tried to join the conversation.   "You guys talkin' bout books?  I like books."  NOTHING.  If I lived in Raleigh, I would be as Norm is to Cheers in this place...only I would drink more.   I recommend their whiskey sours, they do the trick.  Great ambiance (had to look that word up), quick service (like JiffyLube for booze) and wonderful place to end your night (Unless you intend to get arrested for public drunkenness, DWI or other...just make this your last stop and call a cab).  Definitely not a dog friendly place but oddly enough they will let you bring a giraffe.   So if you have a giraffe, this is definitely the place for you and if you let people ride your giraffe...I am definitely your new friend.  (Please provide photographs of said giraffe with or without riding saddle)Thanks.
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,7/24/2011,73,67,3,11,2>There are three tours available, each 60 minutes long:1) Lemurs Live! : A $10 tour where you can view a wide variety of the weird-looking little primates with barriers / cages between you and them.2) Walking with Lemurs : A $95 tour with no barriers between you and the lemurs, where you walk in the wooded areas they inhabit.3) Learning with Lemurs : A $150 tour where guests can participate in a lemur training and research session, and learn exclusively how the lemurs are cared for.No touching the lemurs unless they touch you.This place is unique; it's not quite a zoo, but a location where these awesome creatures are raised, nurtured, and studied. I'm honestly surprised that it's not more of a hotbed for tourist activity. I think it's due to poor advertising more than anything else--the site itself is concealed along a poorly-maintained road, and there are no signs indicating its presence along 15-501. Sadly, that takes away a star, or this could really be a world-class attraction.
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,7/23/2011,294,288,,19,5>Here is another new place opening up in the Grace Park complex in Morrisville, the complex is growing fast. This one is offering Mexican fare and of course being so near to my place, I had to go check it out. Mexican is not my all time fave, but I do like it once in a while for a change of pace.When you walk in, the atmosphere and decor are very cool.  A combo of trendy, artsy, and classic Mexican feel all rolled up into one. They have done a great job with the space, very appealing. The centerpiece near the bar, a long shiny danging light fixture surrounded by marble, very nice (see photo).  They have outside seating as well.  The bar itself, very spacious and inviting.Drinks, well there is no shortage of choice for drinks at this place. In fact, the drink menu has one solid page of margarita variations to choose from!  I tried the La Libertad margarita (done with cranberry juice) and it was pretty good. You are sure to find a drink to fit your taste here.The food is pretty good.  I have sampled a couple of the dishes, the chicken enchilada and the steak burrito.  The steak burrito, great choice, very tasty.  It is loaded, not a small item, very filling and satisfying.  The chicken enchilada had great stuffing but the tortilla itself was very dry, not moist like I would prefer. The sides that came with the chicken enchilada were good, beans and rice, and they were not bland but a good compliment to the main entree.Service here when I have stopped by has been outstanding. Very positive and friendly! The staff is attentive and welcoming, making you feel that they are genuinely glad you decided to stop by. I have had a manager stop by each time and ask if everything is going well. Good showing for a starting business to be that interested in the customer.Overall, nice place to chill with a drink or meet up with friends. The menu is being modified as my last visit they said they are trying their new menu, and the steak burrito was good off that new menu. They will probably get even better using their great interactions for feedback I have witnessed with customers.
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,7/22/2011,89,190,7,7,5>It's Superman....It's Spider-man...NO! It's PieBird!!Talk about a needed lively space in "uptown" Raleigh. This is exactly what I was hoping would be 5 minutes walking distance from work when I moved back. PieBird is seriously going to be the next big thing here in our little nook of pie-world. Today was their 4th day open and it seems like they are getting close to running full tilt in regards to getting it down. They have a great friendly staff, who even if behind a second, apologizes in a way that is not canned - but real.The interior is pretty much simply done in the ways of Crate & Barrel (hat tip Ron W.). But its very OPEN. Lots of natural light, simple colors, and flowers. Simple. Its a place for lunch and dinner, but so much less busier than Starbucks/Coffee Shops - that you would plop down for a French Press here instead. The food was delicious, by the way. A coworker and I went for lunch and both tried different pies - Chicken Curry, Spinach & Feta, and the special Ricotta & Red Peppers. I tried the Ricotta, and it had a delicious flaky crust with ricotta and peppers almost mashed up into a filling. It was like nothing I've had before, and was immensely better than I imagined. Each pie comes with a side (soup, salad, veg of day) and you can order one for $5.50 or 2 for $8. However, make sure you leave room for pie! Oh PIE! Currently I am snacking on the amazing Apple Pie while I write this and sip coffee. And let me tell you, for $5.50 a slice (PRICEY much?) this would be the apple pie to be beat if it came down a little in cost. I will definitely be back sooner than later! TO THE SKIES PIEBIRD!
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,7/21/2011,12,337,3,6,7>My wife wanted a hamburger for lunch today, and "not from a chain restaurant; but from somewhere we haven't been"....Yelping from a parking lot led me to Sutton's Drug Store.  Wow! It was a flashback to 1963, and I was walking from high school to our carpool pickup, stopping at the drug store for a sandwich and soda after school....even with the pharmacy window and the news stand to one side.  The only seats were at the counter and, another wow, watching the food fly onto plates and to waiting customers gave me a terrific "gotta try next time, list". The burger was fantastic - - the best I've had in the Triangle - - the fries were adequate, the service was like being at home and the price was very reasonable.  I think it's a little slice of heaven, and that's hard for a Dukie to admit when he's in Chapel Hill!
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,7/20/2011,611,755,7,15,11>Oh wicked, wicked waffles!  Covered in butter, drenched with syrup and well, let's just throw in some fried chicken for good measure!  I've been dying to try out Dames Chicken and Waffles for ages.  I did a drive-by right when they opened up but was never able to convince my more health-conscious friends to eat it up there.  But finally my friends Allison and Arlan caved in and a short walk later, we were at Dames right after they opened.  The place was already pretty busy and 10 minutes later, they had a line out the door.  Inside Dames it's all cafe and casual.  Grab a self-serve coffee up front, they've got a long bar for single diners and a small service window in back where all their goodies come from the kitchen.  Black chairs and tables abound, Dame's spices things up with some music memorabilia and jazz floating out of the speakers.  The menu is simple but with plenty of choices.  Choose a waffle with a fried chicken on top (filet, wings or drums), add in a flavored butter shmear, some syrup, a side (fruit, grits) and you're good to go!  I went all out doing the Light Brown Leghorns: four drumsticks, with waffle, chocolate hazelnut butter and caramel cashew sauce, woohoo!  Now you gotta take your time at Dames, the place is busy and the kitchen gets backed up a bit but it's all good.  Our plates showed up after a leisurely wait and it looked great.  A large soft, waffle cradling crispy drumsticks and with the shmear and syrup on the side.  Cut into that chicken, fork off some waffle, dip it in some syrup and bam!  Flavor and texture explosion!  Salty, sweet, crunchy and savory, you get it all in one mouthful.  It feels like a decadent combo of breakfast and dinner, yum-eee!  There's a lot of food here so take your time and enjoy all those carbs and sugars at Dames.  Service was fine but like I said, don't plan on being in a hurry because your chicken and waffles isn't fast food, people...  Now I'm not sure how chicken and waffles got invented but boy oh boy, they were probably drunk at the time.  Definitely a meal you should try sometime soon.  It's oh so good in such a bad way.  So definitely check out Dames, just try not to make it too much of a habit, your body will thank you for showing some restraint!
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2011,7/19/2011,68,241,,8,4>Parker and Otis is a favorite of mine.  I. LOVE. their. lattes.  So silky and the right amount of sweetness that's so addictive.  My other faves: two egg breakfast with cheese biscuit and bacon; pesto pasta salad; #10 turkey, white cheddar, bacon and avocado on wheat; zucchini cupcakes.It can get crowded and sometimes there's a wait, but I take that opportunity to browse the country store which has some kitsch, some oh-so-french finds, beautiful baubles, candy, cookware, cookbooks, tea, honey, cheese, etc.  I always find something that I didn't notice the last time I was there.The sandwiches come with a side of slaw, but I don't care for it.  You can substitute for another side for a nominal charge.  They always have specials -- sandwiches and quiche of the month like grilled peanut butter and banana sandwich with bacon and honey, or the turkey bacon with mango chutney which was very good.  It had a very nice balance of sweet and savory.Parker and Otis never disappoints.  I guess that's why I keep coming back.
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2011,7/18/2011,169,170,2,6,4>I joined some yelpers for brunch and it was a great experience. I had also been here for dinner but that memory has faded a bit. First off, service was great! Our server did an awesome job keeping our water glasses filled and stayed very organized. There was no fumbling with the checks or orders. We sat on the patio so that our large group could be accommodated and despite the hot weather, the shade and breeze made it fairly comfortable. It seemed like our server was never far away. We sat for a while because we had been waiting for some stragglers (myself included) but the staff was patient and did not pressure us to order. I certainly appreciated the attentiveness and politeness.For brunch, I ordered the Steak & Cheese. It was a nice, thick cut of steak and cooked the way I requested. There was nothing fancy about this dish but there really didn't need to be. I hadn't had steak & eggs in a while so I had been craving it. The steak had a little bit of salt and pepper which seemed about right. To our tables good fortune, we were also given an extra Huevos Rancheros that maybe had been mistakenly prepared in the kitchen. I had a portion of this dish and was very pleased (it was nice to have the unexpected variety). The dish was served with a couple of eggs over top some refried beans and cheese. There was also a little bit of sour cream and I think ground beef.I didn't order any of the drinks but I do know they have a good menu of morning cocktails for brunch.As for my fading memory of dinner, I remember sharing a few small plates. I specifically remember ahi tuna and I also remember liking all that we ordered. I would definitely come back for a tapas style dinner.
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2011,7/17/2011,57,204,9,12,9>I was born in the Dominican Republic, grew up in an Dominican neighborhood, and ate Dominican food every single day for the first 21 years of my life. When I moved to the Triangle I was disappointed that I found no Dominican restaurant and could only eat Dominican food when I made it myself and drove to Compare Foods to buy ingredients. I was feeling homesick and was pleasantly surprised to find the Caribbean Cafe while browsing on Yelp! After looking at their menu online my mouth was watering and I drove there 2 hours later.The food was very good and authentic, the cheesy decor even reminded me of the restaurants back home. I got the pork chops, rice, beans, tostones (fried green plantains), it was delicious and I had plenty leftover. I must add, don't come here if you're expecting chips and salsa.I had to remove a star because I thought it blasphemous that they would consider rice and beans two separate sides. [Here is the true story of why I feel this way: ] Once upon time, the Dominican food gods married rice and beans, and they were meant to be considered as one and never divorced. This act of considering them separate entities and charging $3 a pop was nothing short of a crime to me. I do acknowledge that in other cuisines they are separate, but my Dominican creed wont allow me to accept this. [Now back to the review:] When I innocently ordered rice and beans and tostones as sides, thinking I was ordering 2 sides, the waitress didn't tell me it would be extra. She also asked if I wanted the avocado with it, which was also considered another side. So, I ended up paying $18 for lunch although I thought I would be paying $11. The food was good and I don't regret it, but I wish I knew that although it looked like other Dominican restaurants I've been to, I needed to navigate the menu differently.
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,7/16/2011,135,254,3,8,6>"Mexican paletas/ popsicles & ice cream- a shop to rival Locopops!"We all know and love Locopops, but this is some serious competition.  A quick walk around the corner from Mami Noras as well as several other Latin American food places, this dessert stop has tons of Mexican paletas as well as ice cream.  As the other review notes, there aren't any labels, but you can look closely and guess the flavors or ask for help from the friendly staff.  Kiwi, watermelon, pistachio, mixed nut, strawberry, etc.- all look REALLY good, and there are tons of options.   Cost is $2 for either the popsicle or a cup of ice cream.  If you get ice cream, they also have standard toppings available.The quality is very high- the paletas are very dense and clearly fresh-made.  You can see/ taste big chunks of fruit in all the fruit options, for example.  Restaurant is also strikingly clean (albeit a little Spartan).What's especially nice here is that most of the same flavors are available as either ice cream or as a popsicle.  Relatedly, they give you small sample spoons, so you can see if something tastes good by tasting the ice cream before plopping the $2 investment in the popsicle or cup.  That worked for me- I almost got something else but tried the pistachio, and it was SO good I had to buy it instead.The flavors aren't as "experimental" as at Locopops (more "straight" flavors), but I do really like the opportunity to sample that this place affords.  I'd say this place rocks- am excited to come back.PS- This is my 100th review!
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2011,7/15/2011,69,172,3,5,3>I'm SO thankful this place is close-by to me. I love me some Thai food, and I'll admit, I'm not super-picky and I don't know exactly what's authentic and what's not, but this place serves up fresh, hot, yummy Thai food with a smile.Like Helena K. pointed out, it definitely has that feeling of, "I sort of feel like I'm in a gutted Hardee's or something," but they've done what they could to spruce the place up. They even have a little outdoor eating area which I'm looking forward to once the weather decides it wants to be consistently nice.I've had the Chicken La-Va meal, twice, and it did not disappoint. Crispy chicken in a spicy sauce and veggies, really good. I've also had the tofu pad Thai which I thought had a nice kick, and just the right amount of egg and peanuts. Everyone I've encountered there has been really nice and the few experiences I've had have overall been quite pleasant. It's a little pricey, in my opinion, for a take-out kind of night, but it's a great place to grab a bite before a movie at Galaxy Cinema!
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2009,1/26/2010,13,153,5,8,7>If you live in North Carolina, you have to know that the fair is really a big deal here. And an even bigger deal is Can Night - the night of the week that, with a couple of canned goods, you can get in for free. Yes, free! And EVERYONE in NC knows about it...because they all come to the fair that day. It can definitely get crowded, but it's still a lot of fun. Especially for someone like me who doesn't really ride any rides, it's just fun to people-watch. If you've never been, it's some of the best people-watching experience you'll ever have - trust me. And the food! Each year, I think they find a new food item to fry. If you want health food, don't plan on eating a thing here...it's all drenched in as much grease as humanly possible. And boy is it good...
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2009,1/25/2010,567,250,23,22,25>Mother-in-law is German and father-in-law is German/Polish. It was divine intervention that we dine at J.Betski's. Meaning, father-in-law wanted to.We were not disappointed! First of all, the waitress was an absolute charmer. I loved how she charmed my father-in-law to change beers and then go from an 8 oz. beer to a 16 oz. by luring him with the delicious attributes of the "Ayinger Celebrator Doppelbock". Post drink: father-in-law to waitress, "You were right!" A waitress that knows people and beers scores A+.Our meals were absolutely delicious. The sauces - heaven, the meat - tender, the flavors -divine. I want to go back. - Seared Sirloin "Girardi" with Mushroom - Bacon - Caper Sauce, Buttered Egg Noodles ($18.50)- Natural Pork Schnitzel, Austrian Potato and Dill Cucumber Salads, Lingonberries(14.50)- Roasted Chicken Breast, Summer Squash Pierogies, Cherry Tomatoes, Bison Grass Vodka Cream (15.00)We were happily pleased as we patted our full bellies.The waitress brings out the dessert menu. Father-in-law, "You wicked woman!"Waitress without a pause, "Word gets around."Overall: Excellent beers, creative yet authentic menu of German/Polish cuisine, and wonderful service. Definitely a highlight of Downtown Raleigh!
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,11/9/2013,54,428,2,8,4>Pretty darn good Chinese food. Definitely seemed less Americanized than most Asian  restaurants--they even had a traditional Chinese menu and an Americanized menu separated out.  I opted for the Chinese style kung pao chicken and it was good--a lot of food, the meat was tender, and it was spicy (what I expected from Szechuan cuisine).  I was mildly annoyed that the takeout price was more expensive than then $6.25 lunch special price they had on the menu.  Two lunch entrees came out to $20, so it was on the more expensive side of Chinese take out--but the quality was good so I guess I shouldn't complain...but the menu said $6.25 . . . Anyway, the food is far superior to almost every other Chinese joint I've tried in the triangle, so I'd go back!
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,11/8/2013,223,633,2,5,2>Wow, they don't make 'em like this anymore...if ever...this place is full of surprises!  Seek and ye shall find!  Very very organized and easy to browse through the interesting assortment of cd's. Old favorites mixed with ones I'd never seen before.    There are listening stations with headphones. Vinyl if you're looking for it.  Movies and tv shows, T-shirts and incense.  Loved driving home listening to something old yet new again!
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,11/7/2013,25,70,,6,4>By far the best wood-fired pizza I've had in the Triangle!  Pizzeria Toro looks like fine dinning, but their prices are reasonable for the quality of their eats.  If you are claustrophobic though, I'd maybe pass on the tables for two, as they are stacked one on top on the other. Instead, ask to be seated at a communal table.  I found that our tiny table added to the authentic NY pizzeria atmosphere, but our pizza was as big as the table!    The food was a solid distraction from the neighbors to either size of us rubbing elbows with ours and being all up in everyone's conversations.  Their pizza surpasses their lack of dinning intimacy and previously mentioned confined spaces.  We ordered the red pizza with sweet fennel sausage, roasted peppers, and provolone.  Everything was fresh with awesome ingredients and we watched the whole thing put together, tossed in the oven, and then dressed prior to serving.  I enjoyed the sea salt they use as a garnish on the crust to finish the pies.  Our pizza was simple, but delivered rich flavors that speaks volumes for fresh ingredients.  I love how we were able to pop in, order a pie and then walk off into the sunset!  We will be back again for another casual pizza pie.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,11/6/2013,139,155,1,8,2>I've run around this lake 6 or 7 times now, and it's absolutely one of my favorite circular paths to run in the area! There are so many great things about this spot: + plenty of parking+ wide, well paved trails+ clear signs that point you in the right direction+ the trail is always well populated but never too crowded+ you can walk, run or bike+ gorgeous views of the lake There are a few hilly spots, but overall it offers a nice smooth pathway. One lap is around 2.2 miles, which I find is the perfect length for a runner at my level.It's also pretty centrally located--it seems to only be about 15 minutes away from Brier Creek and Downtown Raleigh so it's a good halfway point to meet up with a larger group or a friend that lives on the other side of town.Highly recommend!
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,11/5/2013,611,755,3,8,6>Ok, some of y'all are going to give me a hard time.  Yes, I'm a foodie but I can keep it real!  And sometimes real means grabbing a sandwich-sub at Capi's on Regency Parkway.  Why eat at a gas station?  Well because it's literally a 1/4 mile from my office parking lot and often or not, I'm in such a tight lunch squeeze that proximity is the key factor!  But that's not to say the Capi's doesn't put out a decent sandwich because they do.  Choose from about 12 or so types of cold and hot sandwiches, I've done the pastrami and chicken club, they're around $5 each.  While the pastrami was a bit thin on meat, the Capi's club is dense with lots of filling and meat.  A great deal at the price.  Toss in the freshly toasted bread (sorta like Amoroso's) and you've got yourself a meal!  Grab a bag of chips on the way out and you're good to go.  So don't laugh at me but Capi's does a fine job for a quick sub.  While you won't get the variety you could get at Quizno's or Subway, what is on the menu is decent here.  And yeah, I could probably hit this place with a rock from my office, bonus points!
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,11/4/2013,36,110,6,30,7>I said I would be back and I kept my word. My sister was in town, and her being a huge Bar Rescue fan asked if we could go to Moon Runners. We went Sunday for a late lunch and I have to say it was a completely different trip then last time. We were seated pretty much as soon as we got there and the waitress asked if we knew what we wanted to drink. We need a little more time to look at the drink menu so she gave us some more time. Both of us tried one of the moonshine drinks. My sister got the Strawberry Lemonade (I think) and I got the Bootlegger (which was basically Moonshine and Coke). Her drink was very sweet and in the taste I had you couldn't really taste the moonshine, which is both good and bad (I would knock back a few of these without even thinking). My drink you could certainly taste the moonshine but it was not overpowering and the drink was very good. Both were served in mason jar which was a nice little bonus.For food I was told by a friend to try their wings, and I am glad I did. I got the sweet habanero wings and man were they tasty. Good sized wings, sauce was both sweet and spicy without either being too overpowering, wing was cooked all the way through, and hot to the touch. The ranch was also good, although I do wish they had given more sauce. My sister seemed to like her chicken tenders and even commented that they were lightly breaded (a plus)The check wasn't that bad and we even paid a little extra to keep the mason jars (our waitress actually brought us two new ones that were dry, another plus)My only negative this trip, and the reason for only 4 stars is on the way in there was a waitress smoking on the front porch and on the way out there was another waitress on her cell phone. A tip to the restaurant from someone that was worked in the hospitality business for 10 years, if your staff must smoke or check their cell phone, have them do it around the side where they are not right in front of guest, it is just more professional that way.
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,11/3/2013,46,129,2,2,3>I assume the name Rise is because it is like rising into biscuit heaven? That must be it because that was the best biscuit I have ever had. I got there at 7am and was the first customer. I have a feeling that this played in my favor. Immediately the line formed behind me. I had to wait a few minutes--maybe five but I waited on an awesome couch that could have kept me comfortable for another 30 minutes before I noticed my stomach yelling.The staff is incredibly friendly and entertaining. I love their iPad system for checking out which allows them to swipe the card but flip the screen over for you to tip and sign. I hate the card systems used in most places because seldom do they behave properly and my signature never looks adequate. I ordered the fried green tomato and pimento cheese biscuit for $4. I found this price to be incredibly fair for the quality and deliciousness in my mouth.The biscuit was crispy and fluffy which is not an easy task to accomplish. Making anything crispy and soft just seems impossible but Rise has figured it out. I will say my biscuit was a bit greasy but for the sake of man kind do not order a biscuit with anything fried if you are not willing to deal with a little grease. Even at that it wasn't overly saturated or unpleasant. I am not a huge pimento cheese fan either unless of coarse it is homemade. The pimento cheese melted onto the tomato and created a wonderfully gooey delicious bite. I will definitely be going back to try a donut sometime.
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,11/2/2013,78,106,,3,4>After 4 visits to Mura, I really don't understand how they don't have a higher star rating.  It seems as though some previous reviewers had questionable experiences, but I've been 4 times now and each time has been fantastic.First of all, the food is absolutely delicious.  I haven't yet had a soup, salad, or roll that I haven't absolutely loved!  The fish tastes so fresh.  I have to admit that until visiting Mura, the best sushi I had ever had was in Kona, Hawaii.  Now there's a sushi restaurant that I love just as much (if not more) right here in Raleigh, NC.  My boyfriend has eaten sushi in Japan and said he prefers this place... possibly because it's Americanized with all those fancy schmancy rolls we've grown to love.The restaurant is quite dark inside and very zen with some private rooms off to the side.  The atmosphere is just very soothing, great for lunch or dinner, date nights or girls nights.  Mura has become my go-to place even though it's quite pricey.  It's just worth the money!
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,11/1/2013,85,151,3,4,2>Why have I never tried Pimento Cheese before??? No, seriously why have I never tried this???I came to Geer St. on whim during Spring Break because I always see a fellow yelper Donald H. posting great pics of local Durham food.  When I saw his picture of the grilled cheese sandwich at Geer, I knew I had to try it.  I was a little hesitant because I had never had pimento cheese before, but after one bite I was a believer.  The cheese was creamy and the bread was grilled just right (no one likes a burnt grilled cheese).  I also ordered the green salad that came with walnuts, green apples, and a nice light dijon vinaigrette.  I didn't care for the walnuts because they were too salty and I wished they were candied or sweeter, but overall the entire meal was great.So great, I plan on dragging my study group here for lunch and hopefully brunch when the weather gets warmer.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,10/31/2013,38,237,2,4,3>I don't get to Raleigh enough, but the other night my sister and I tried to go to a show that turned out to be sold out. Back-up plan? Fancy Capital City things!Foundation is a pretty cool looking bar. You might miss the stairs to take you to the underground entrance, but their "Foundation" neon is a pretty good clue. The bourbon list here is outstanding. If you want to impress a bourbon-lover, this is the place. But on a hot summer night, I was in the mood for cocktails. They have a great seasonal list of specialty cocktails (so good that I was disappointed I didn't have room to try their Old Fashioned... next time). First I had a Basil Smash which was a delightful ode to my favorite summer herb combined with bourbon and lemon. Next I tried the Some Like It Hot which had jalapeno-infused vodka, Old Hickory hefeweizen, and mint. The first sip... the jalapeno flavor was INTENSE, but you grow into it. YUM!I absolutely love their devotion to local products. Almost every type of liquor on the menu had options for NC made products (gin, vodka, moonshine, etc). The only thing I might deduct? It was kinda small, and the old lady in me hates crowds. But it just wouldn't feel the same if it was bigger. Still, I prefer a quiet weeknight. Staff was also super nice and friendly.
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2012,11/23/2012,64,208,,6,2>So the price of a movie went from $1.50 to two bucks.  You still can't beat it!  I'd still throw in another 50 cents just because I feel bad for the staff who can't be paid much more than minimum wage!Regardless, the run of second relese movies is just fine with me - plenty of options... a good 15 movies to choose from.I used to be frustrated with the concessions prices but they've been running some great deals lately.  Tuesdays are $1.50 popcorn/soda day.  We went on a weekend and they had a couples deal with 2 sodas, large popcorn, 2 tickets for $10.  What a deal!So, a two dollar theater... the seats are creaky, springs are popping, some are not so comfortable.  In our theater, a section of a few seats were taped off for some reason.  The floors and bathrooms are a bit grimy, the trash cans typically overlow.  And they are busy... lots of people enjoy this venue, so be patient.  But, hello - TWO BUCKS!?!We'll be back. Time and time again.
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,11/22/2012,66,67,,4,4>Oh Revolution Studios how do I love thee?  Let me count the ways:  1)  You made me feel oh so comfortable in my photo shoot that the sexy bi-atch in me really came out 2)  The make up and hair that Somer did came out flawless in photo 3) Jenny step by step walked my husband I through the process of picking out photos 4) Our final product was amazing!I had a groupon for the Tiny Tease package.  I came and was allowed to bring a friend who had done the process before.  I came to the appointment Somer greeted me.  She looked over my outfits, helped me to narrow it down.  She did my make up and hair and was very friendly.  She did an amazing job picking a setting, showing me how to pose and how to be comfortable.  It took about an hour and a half with make up. It was great.   I received the proofs the next day.  When I went in for post photo consult with Jenny, she was so helpful with what products to choose and with narrowing down the pictures.  I just received my final products and I couldn't be happier.The overall experience was fantastic.  I would recommend Revolution to anyone.  I felt sexy and confident.  Like a real pin up girl.
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,11/21/2012,61,102,,7,2>Great place for beginners. All holes are par 3 so you dont need a full set of clubs if you want to play. The 27 holes offer a great variety although I prefer the front and back 9.They also have a putting green and chipping area as well.They run specials all the time - like Ladies Day Thursday - half off for ladies before 5pm - SCORE!And they also run lunch time specials - like $9 for a sandwhich drink and large bucket of balls - although I've never had their food so cant say anything about that.The pro's are always nice and friendly. Their "pro" shop is tiny wouldn't really come here if you are looking for a big selection.I love their hours...they are open anytime I'm in the mood to golf.  The driving range is pretty good size and offers both hitting of grass and the mats which is great.They do offer golf carts - but I prefer to walk.The ground are nicely maintained.Overall a great, reasonably priced place for beginners to get a handle on their game.  If you are looking for a nicer course I suggest you check out Preston or Lochmere or drive a little farther and go a little further out and hit Pinehurst.
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,11/20/2012,11,54,5,8,7>"In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was..." CARBS.  Glorious, glorious carbs.  Why didn't I start coming here sooner?  I discovered the wonder that is Loaf yesterday, with my purchase of three chocolate croissants.  I intended for these croissants to last me at least 48 hours, but I ate them all at once.  Gluttonous, yes, but oh so worth it.I went back today, and bought two more chocolate croissants, a ham and cheese scone, plus a peach and cinnamon pudding muffin.  They are all fabulous.  Best. Bakery. Ever.
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,11/19/2012,57,94,,12,4>Situated in the space formerly occupied by the Mint, Bolt is a completely re-imagined dining experience and ambiance. David Sadeghi and his business partners (including former NFL star Adalius Thomas) have created a space that soothes, welcomes, energizes and intrigues the hungry soul. And that is even before you see the menu. Grounded in recycled woods and rustic touches like former tools combined with the high-end crystal panels showing off Raleigh landmarks, the interior manages to make you feel like you've found a great place to enjoy a glass of wine with a special someone or reconnect with your rowdy friends on a great night out downtown.I stumbled across it on Open Table while looking for someplace new for a spontaneous dinner with a friend. Only one previous Yelp review, but figured that was great - something different.We arrived to find out that it was the first official night of business after their silent/soft opening. Such a fortuitous turn of events. The friendly hostess set a welcoming tone, which was seconded by the wait person who turned out to be a familiar face from the Saucer - she was unpretentiously stylish while genuinely happy to be there. The house sent out a couple of rocks glasses with a free tasting of Prosecco which we enjoyed while we perused the menu. Nice blend of flatbreads, tacos, small plates, salads and cozy Southern/European fusion big plates. Instead of bread, we were served crispy pita chips accompanied by a yummy olive tapenade. My friend got the Bolt salad - crisp presentation of pears and green over some killer heirloom tomato slices. Her tilapia tacos paired perfectly lightly fired fresh tilapia with a light cole slaw. I went for old school comfort and ordered the rigatoni bolognese with a creme fraiche accent. Great portion sizes - enough to satisfy your hunger but leave space to contemplate dessert. And the bolognese - I closed my eyes and was back in Rome again. Simple but perfect.We ordered a bottle of chenin blanc/viognier blend white wine. Pine Ridge 2011 out of Oakville, CA. Mmmmmm. Did I mention that they have a wide selection of wines by the glass in addition to bottles? With a blend of some high end faves (Cakebread Chardonnay, Caymus Cab) and some intriguing new discoveries like our Pine Ridge, someone put some thought into the wine list.Dessert was a chocolate chip bread pudding with a bourbon cream sauce. I took a picture, which I will try to upload sometime soon. We'd also asked to try their homemade raspberry sauce, which the chef served on the side over a little vanilla ice cream. Worth it!As we were sitting there discussing bread puddings we have known and loved (of which our dessert was definitely one) over came Mr. Sadeghi himself to settle into our booth for a nice convivial chat. It was great to hear about how they constructed the place and menu to communicate the warmth we picked up on as we walked in the door. Folks, this is NOT the Mint anymore, and it is a great addition to the Fayetteville Street scene. I have it on good authority from our new restauranteur friend Dave that the onion soup is not to be missed next time - they serve it in an onion bowl. Look for an update to the review when I get my hands on that soon.The Bolt motto is "Food, Friends, Fun" and they deliver. It feels like things were purposefully kept simple with great attention to detail, resulting in all those little touches that meld together to deliver great dining value and enjoyment. Do try out this newest addition to our foodie scene in DTR.
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,11/18/2012,169,170,1,6,3>After visiting several bike shops close to my home, I narrowed down my search to a specific Trek bike but I couldn't find the correct frame size. To make matters worse, it was expected to take over a month to receive more from the manuafacturer.After searching online, I discovered that Flythe Cyclery had the exact bike that I wanted so I called to make sure and then drove out during my lunch break. The store rep was very friendly and helped ensure that the bike was a good fit. The price was about $80 less than other bike shops which helped seal the deal. Flythe Cyclery offers free basic maintenance and tuning for a year (another local bike shop offers lifetime basic maintenance and tuning so this wasn't the best free service plan). Everything looked good so I made the purchase.I also got 10% off any accessories that I bought that day so I purchased a helmet and bottle holder. The helmet selection was not the best that I had seen but I did find a good midrange helmet. I didn't have a lot of spare time so I didn't make any other purchases but I suspect that Flythe is a good place to shop for accessories.Hopefully I'll get out to Flythe within the year for some tuning but it is a bit of a trek for my Trek. If you live close by then Flythe is certainly a great place to check for bikes. If you live further away then you should still keep them in mind because they do have good inventory and prices.
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,11/17/2012,86,140,5,7,5>Sometimes as a parent, you need reliable tools in your arsenal to handle the deluge of child commitments on a weekend. I never remember being invited to as many birthday parties as my kids are, but its probably because I was raised by wolves. As we all know, wolves don't celebrate birthdays. At least Jehovah Witnesses and wolves.The Children's Store gets a slot in my contact list just so I can call them up and order a gift for a kid and have it wrapped by the time I get there. I usually don't know what's in the gift. I tell them the kid's gender and age and a budget. They've always had the gift ready for me to pay for and run out when I got there. It saves me tons of time comparing toys and judging age appropriateness. The staff pick really great gifts. It's an amazing service.If you do get some time between kid parties, they do have a large selection of really cool toys. It's very different from Target or Walmart's sections. There are lots of intellectual toys, but there are also very fun and pretty sturdy wood toys. They also have a section of knick knack toys that are good for small gifts like stocking stuffers, hanukkah, and when you other kid needs a gift even though its not their birthday.It's kind of funny when you get to the birthday party and more than one gift are wrapped in the same exact paper. The parents just give each other a knowing nod. We both know the wonder that is The Children's Store.
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,11/16/2012,41,58,2,5,6>2 Words:  Honey Chicken!  Who knew?  This is my friend Jake's favorite place to eat in downtown Raleigh.  I had the Quarter fried chicken.  It was a breast and wing drizzled with honey.  My side was the Benton's bacon Yukon Potato Salad!  (SLAMMING!)  My wife had the Chicken Pot Pie.  She gave it 2 thumbs up.  We were head to see Aziz Ansari so I didn't get to savor it like I wanted to, but we'll definitely be going back.  We were impressed.
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,11/15/2012,81,225,,9,2>I've gone here twice now, mainly because it was across the street from where I work and I needed some lunch. It was quite a surprise (in a good way!).It's definitely a cafe where you can sit down and a waitress will come over. There are plenty of tables inside and out near the fountain. Everyone was very sweet and helpful. I couldn't sit down and enjoy the whole experience, but it seems like a nice place to have lunch with a friend.Anyway, onto the food! I ordered a Black Forest Ham & Asparagus crepe and a Creme Brulee Crepe for dessert. Both were absolutely delicious! I couldn't finish either one, so I just took them home after work to have another round of crepes for dinner. The crepes were a nice consistency and the fillings were great! The savory crepe came with a side salad, so that was nice as well. As for the Creme Brulee crepe, I'm not sure I tasted any Creme Brulee, I really just tasted a lot of caramel, but honestly I LOVE caramel and their caramel was great, so I was fine with that.I have yet to try their gelato, but while I was waiting for my food, many groups of people came JUST for the gelato and raved about it. I'll have to give it a shot next time...or maybe I'll order the dessert crepe that comes with a scoop of gelato....decisions decisions...
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,11/14/2012,29,143,,5,6>Decided on Mo's for our 5 year anniversary dinner after reading everyone's "best place for a romantic dinner" and "5 star favs" lists. How did I ever pick a new place to go eat before Yelp?!??!?I made a reservation for 7:30 on Saturday, and was really excited for a fabulous meal. I really wish it wasn't torrential down pouring when we arrived, because it was a cool night out, and I would have loved to sit outside on their cute porch. Oh well, next time! We were seated in a room that had 4 other tables in it, and although it was a bit small, and crowded, it was definitely romantic. I loved the house feel of the restaurant, and loved looking into the other rooms and how they were decorated. We decided on a bottle of Cab, and while we were reviewing the menu (which is limited, but also exciting), our waiter came over to tell us the specials. There were 4 specials and they all sounded amazing. I was torn between the filet special, and the pork off the menu, but who am I kidding, I never met a filet I didn't like. I ordered the warm goat cheese salad for my app, and the filet as my entree, and Jeff ordered the fire roasted shrimp app, and the salmon topped with crab special for his entree. The apps came out really fast, and we both basically licked our plates when we were finished. My salad had really nice greens, pistachios, grape tomatoes, and a nice sized round of warm goat cheese, and was dressed lightly in a delish vinaigrette. I could eat this salad every single day. It was a perfect start to my meal! The shrimp also came with greens, and a dipping sauce. Four large grilled shrimp - amazing app for $7! Our meals arrived shortly after the apps, and I was shocked by the portion size of my filet. I expected a 4 oz portion, and got at least 8ozs! It was prepared with a dry rub and topped with a grilled mushroom jus. and came with mashed potatoes, green beans, and sweet corn. The filet was the obvious star of the show, cooked to medium rare perfection, and I could cut it with my fork. I LOVED that it was not cooked in butter like a lot of steak places do. Instead, the flavor of the dry rub and the meat itself came through, and it was amazing. Everything on the plate was, even the corn was amazing! Jeff's salmon was also great, but I think he was a bit jealous of my filet. He even asked the waiter what was in the dry rub, but he wouldn't tell us the secret recipe. I was able to share a big portion with him, and had enough to bring a bite home for the dog (spoiled rotten).I had decided before we even got to the restaurant that we were ordering dessert. Five years of blissful marriage warrants it! The first dessert our waiter told us about was a flourless chocolate torte, and after that, I didn't really hear the other options. Bring on the torte! I also ordered a Bailey's and coffee, and Jeff ordered an Irish Whiskey and coffee. In about 10 minutes, heaven on a plate arrived. Jeff declared he wasn't interested in trying it, but he would have a bite. Well, after one bite, he quickly changed his mind and before we knew it, the torte was gonzo. Rich deep chocolate flavor, creamy texture, yummy raspberry sauce for tartness, and a dollop of fresh cream to balance it all out. Simply amazing. I cannot wait to return to Mo's to try more wonderful food!
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/4/2010,2/9/2011,611,755,9,10,7>If you're ever on South Glenwood and just REALLY tired of all the stilettos, dragon shirts and pop-collars, have I got the place for you!  I've lived in the hood for over two years but had never stepped into the Office Tavern until I got an invite from fellow Charlotte Yelper Tonya P, "Come on out drinking!"  How could I resist?  The Office Tavern is totally hidden out in the open on Johnson Street, you probably have walked by and not noticed the place.  Inside it's a little dusty with some country music, darts, pool table and video games.  Nothing but a basic bar with friendly bartenders!  Got to meet the owner, Bill who provided some help for my new friends with a side-trip to the Foxy Lady but that's a story for another day...   What can I say but the Office Tavern is just your basic, relax and drink beer type bar.  And I'll tell you what, on S. Glenwood it's a welcome change of pace to have something that's just about the basics.  +1 star for the Office Tavern keeping it real...
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2010,2/8/2011,194,183,4,10,5>I had an amazing food week so it's saying a lot that my best meal was at Cypress for Sunday brunch.  Our table of four was studying the menu while sipping on our respective alcoholic beverages (mine was the fresh white peach bellini - light and refreshing) and waiting for other potential parties to show up.  When it came time to order, the kitchen gave us a plate of their infamously stupendous fries because we had taken so long and they didn't want us to go hungry.  That right there.  Not to mention how perfectly fried and seasoned the fries were - perfect thickness, chives, a light but flavorful sauce, and small pieces of bacon.  I don't even like fries or potatoes for that matter.  And I loved these.I ordered the short ribs.  I understand this was brunch.  Haters gonna hate.  First off - the plating was superb.  Deboned short ribs sitting on truffled vegetables, surrounded by carrots, topped with arugula.  The ribs were so tender.  I don't think there's a word in the English vocabulary that would perfectly describe the texture.  The vegetables were so well truffled and blended that it tasted like grits.  If all vegetables tasted like this, children would probably not frown so much.  I cleaned my plate.  I have witnesses.  There was not a drop of sauce or food particle left on my plate.  Is that uncouth?  Haters gonna hate.  But I'm a lover and I LOVE the brunch here.Great service and overall atmosphere also.
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2010,2/7/2011,64,264,4,9,6>I am still experiencing a high from eating at Asian Grill last night. The soup dumplings (xiao long bao) were amazingly perfect: puffy and steamed perfectly with thin skins, melt-in-your mouth pork filling, juicy with great texture and flavour, and no 'premature leaking' of any kind. These are probably the *best* soup dumplings I've ever had - anywhere. As delicious as the pork dumplings are, I'd say the pork & crab dumplings are even better. The two other dim sum dishes we ordered (scallion pancakes, Dan Dan noodles) were also really good.Thanks to Nancy Y for her review and to Ron W for helping us find the place in a bind! I'm already planning when I can return to this restaurant to try other items on their menu. Drool.
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2010,2/6/2011,169,170,3,8,6>I came to The Borough on a Sunday during dinner hours and later that evening to pickup some food for my wife on the way home. I ordered the Buffalo chicken sandwich for myself and, because I liked it so much, I ordered the same for my wife (yeah, I know, not very adventurous but I just wanted to make sure she wasn't disappointed).The sandwich comes with marinated chicken breast, ranchero dressing, pickle, green peppers, and Monterey Jack cheese (and maybe some other stuff that I overlooked). There was also a side salad with bell peppers, and onions (and, once again, maybe some other miscellaneous ingredients).The waitress seemed a bit unfriendly at first but she eventually opened up later so I think my perception was misleading. The owner was there and she was also very friendly. This place is popular among the gay/lesbian crowd but I don't think you'll feel out of place if you're straight (I sure didn't). Not even sure why I mentioned that :) I guess it was nice to see a diverse crowd (something you'd see more often in big cities -- not that Raleigh is that small).A big plus about this place is that they are open until 2am every day with the same menu always available. Definitely keep this place in mind if you are trying to recoup after visiting some bars. Also, it's a good place for dinner.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2010,2/5/2011,17,76,,8,3>I just didn't have high hopes for this place. We have seen it a few times here and on Oberlin and just never wanted to go in. Last night we decided to just try it. And, we were pleasantly surprised!They do not seem to have an overly large menu, which is nice for people like me that can't make up my mind. I had the grilled chicken and slaw pita with potato salad. The grilled chicken actually had flavor! That is (apparently) very hard to do - and they pulled it off. The slaw was great and had feta cheese in it, which was a nice twist. The potato salad did not have mayo or mustard, but rather maybe an olive oil/vinegar mix instead - and was very nice.My husband had the steak roll up sans mushrooms. It came with a dipping sauce that was similar to hollandaise. All of it was really tasty. Though he thought he should have opted for the mushrooms just to help "beef" up the roll up. He had pasta salad which was shelled pasta with feta, tomatoes and fresh basil. While neither of us are huge fans of cold pasta salad, it was pretty good. The food felt fresh and maybe better for me? I have no idea how nutritional or bad for you our food was because I can't find any nutrition information on their website (after a quick glance). That information would be great to know.
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,2/4/2011,77,107,4,9,6>Italian food (except for pizza) is not typically something I seek when dining out, but Pop's is the exception to the rule. After having been there twice and having two very different meals, I am impressed! First visit: The hubby and I enjoy trying lots of things and sharing dishes so it is usually a three course meal for us out. This night we tried the vegetable antipasto platter which included some really great, garlicky hummus and was accompanied by the house baked foccacia. Next was a main course of their signature salty, prosciutto, olive, and egg pizza.... sounds weird to some but talk about flavor explosion and richness that is unbeatable. Finally, we ended this evening with the strawberry-rhubarb crisp with housemade vanilla gelato. This was actually this southern girl's first taste of the infamous strawberry-rhubarb combo, and I am a believer! This amazing meal was complemented with wines recommended by our server that were full of flavor and obviously had thought put behind their appearance on the menu. Second visit: This visit we sat in the bar area by the big window and it was the perfect table for people watching and a nice casual dinner. The meal again started off with 2 red wines suggested by our waiter, neither of which were the most expensive glass, which was appreciated. Next came a piece of the wonderful focaccia that was more flavorful this visit. And then the 3 course dinner..... Buratta cheese (creamy and a nice pairing with the arugula), a blueberry bread pudding for dessert which was just pretty good to me (the hubby loved though!), and saving the best for last was the chicken under a brick with gnocchi...... not only the best gnocchi I have EVER had, but possibly one of the top ten chicken dishes I've had in life, who knew chicken skin could taste soooo good?! Pop's is my current favorite Durham restaurant (not that I have tried a ton of them, but.....) Pop's is quality food and service in a cool atmosphere with an understated Italian influence and taste.
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2010,2/3/2011,262,1054,2,5,4>Nice cute place. Love the art work upstairs. The servers were friendly and accommodating. They didn't mind us sitting for a while with our books trying to hash out the complicated physiology of the human body. It was a bit cold, ok it was freezing... and we asked to turn the air down upstairs. It was such a beautiful day outside (we should have sat outside, if we could only find a table.) It like how it spills over to next door where you can get some grub. They have things like poetry night. Wish I lived closer. It's a great hang out spot.
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,2/1/2011,290,175,7,10,8>YUM. FREAKING YUM.I was a little skeptical after reading Susan's review, and I gotta say girl - you're missing out! I almost gave this a 5 star, but the service has sucked so far. The first time I went for lunch, the girl brought the wrong lunch for my coworker, and we sat.... and sat.... and sat.... HOLY CRAP did we sit. That was really annoying. But I had my lunch so I was probably less annoyed than my coworker.... I ate my lunch, and it was delicious. Chicken McLovins.I think my annoyance was also kept at bay cause they had a pair of musicians in there playing christmas music - so relaxing. it was also a nice break from work.I dragged Jon out here for lunch last week and he go the McLovins and loved it too. service wasn't so bad the second time around. and we got a coffee and truffle to prolong the lunch hour - YUMMY chocolate truffle :)
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2010,1/31/2011,89,301,4,16,7>Finding a new tattoo artist when I moved here was a top priority.  I probably feel about my body art they way most people feel upon relocation having to start over with a new hair salon.  I haven't found the perfect stylist but I did find an amazing tattoo artist who does phenomenal work.Annie is very sought out, not only in this state, but in neighboring states as well.  People travel long distances just to have her work on them and I can see why.  I had my appointment yesterday after about a 2-3 month wait.  (that is how long it takes on average to get in since she is in such demand).  We had exchanged emails and since this was a reworking of a previous tattoo and the outlining was there I was able to skip the in person consultation.Where do I begin rhapsodizing about her:  She is a very thoughtful person, conscientious, fine attention to detail and a great designer.  I looked at some of the things she is working on for other clients and was just amazed.  She excels in both design and execution.  She was able to refine my tattoo to create something more feminine and beautiful and with the kind of detail I was looking for that fit in with the aesthetic of my other tattoos.  She is a very lovely person, kind and gentle (as much as a person wielding a needle can be) and when you sit in her chair, it is your time and she directs all her energy on making sure you are getting what you want but also feel relaxed and comfortable while you are doing it.  I have never had an artist talk to me during a tat so it was nice to have the conversation as a distraction.  Plus she is such an interesting person to talk to that you'd be missing out if you didn't!I met the owner and one of the other tattoo artists and they were both nice and welcoming.  The person up front was friendly and helped me get checked in.  I love this shop because rather than having one open space where you get tattooed next to someone else, each artist has their own sectioned off work space complete with blinds should you want more privacy.  They have a piercing station as well but I don't know much about those services.This is seriously the nicest shop I have been too.  And after having to leave Andy at Freakshow Tattoo in Fort Collins I am so glad that I finally found the right person to work with.  While I was there I was able to schedule my next tat in December. I wish I could put her on retainer.  This girls kicks some serious tattoo @ss.  (Can I say that on here?)
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,1/30/2011,236,354,4,7,5>When I think of Snoopy's I smile at the simplistic glory this place holds and also want to bob my head to the tune of Charlie Brown (although they're related in no formal way).  Fast, cheap, and pretty much perfect at what it aims to accomplish.  According to their site, Snoopy's has a tradition as a locally owned eastern North Carolina grill. "The "original" Snoopy's opened in 1978 in Raleigh on Wake Forest Rd., and has been serving hot dogs, cheeseburgers, and foot long hot dogs with mustard, onion, and chili on a steamed bun-an eastern North Carolina tradition."  I tend to frequent the one located at 600 Hillsborough Street though.  They have some serious super specials 4 days a week!  On Sundays, it's a Chicken Breast Sandwich for $2.49; on Mondays, it's a Chicken Salad Sandwich for $2.89; on Tuesdays, Snoopy's famous hot dog is only 99 cents; and on Thursdays their BBQ sandwich is on special for $2.49.  My latest thing has been to hop on down for a quick cheap lunch break bite (or 4).  Last week I grabbed 2 hot dogs (just ketchup and mustard please) and a carrot cake all for $4.21.  Can we say perfect?  Oh yes, it was wonderful.  It's not gourmet cake at all, mind you, but just right seeing as it's coming from a corner grill you know.  Today I even took orders from the office.  An attorney wanted 2 dogs the regular way: mustard, onions, and chili.  Me personally, I had a mustard and ketchup hot dog, crinkle fries, and today's chocolate cake.  All of that for $7.23.  I've been exercising a lot lately so that's how I justify it...  Perfect little meal right there, if I do say so myself.
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2013,1/17/2014,100,280,7,14,3>Mateo, Mateo.  You are so expensive that I wonder how rich the rest of Durham must be.  Bottom line:  Don't order tapas style (unless you are rich).  The first couple of times I ate at Mateo, I thought "I really feel like the dying middle-class." But I live downtown and I felt compelled to try it again.  The key is actually the opposite of tapas.  The menu is pretty hit & miss here so ordering everything will break bank and leave you with an overall mediocre experience.  The duck rice, fried chicken, and rabbit dishes are very good.  These range from $10-15.  Go with a small group (2-3 max) and order a couple of dishes for yourself (the ones that Yelpers said were good and filling - not the corn or tomato bread).  If your dining companions want to try your food, go ahead, but it's not big enough for family style.  My boyfriend and I do this once every other week and it's a nice meal out for $50-60 post tax for the two of us (including a beer each).  This is amazing considering the times I've gone to do tapas style with a group it ends up being $50ish EACH.  An American explained tapas to me as like Cantonese dim sum.  Cantonese dim sum dishes range from $3-5 each in the Triangle (in Toronto & SF it's $2-4).  That's why it works well, not $10-15.  Having had tapas in Madrid, it was $1-2 euros for each tapa.  We filled up on tons of tapas and the most delicious sangria for $20 euros.  When I say I was full, I mean a lot of food was consumed.  Mateo is not dim sum, Mateo is not tapas in Madrid.  Mateo is an expensive place and you shouldn't order tapas or family style.
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,1/16/2014,97,192,7,9,7>Edward Snowden is SOO silly.  Venezuela is where to seek asylum, as long as you can get these wonderful Arepas!  I got here at about 2:00pm one afternoon (FINALLY, am I the last Elite Yelper to try this place?!) so I had personal service when it came to figuring out what to order, trying samples of the Guacamole and Sauces, and making big decisions.  Since the Arepas were on the grill cooking I went for a Signature Chicken Guacamole Salad, with a piping hot Arepa brought out to my table when they came off the grill.  The Salad was Huge!   Tip: The Arepa Sandwich comes with 3 sides; the Salad Sides are unlimited!  The "Arepa Artist" a term I'll borrow from Ashley W., made my salad very carefully and offered to put some sides like the sweet plantains into the corner of the bowl rather than spread in the center, which delighted me.  I say that I had personal service because the place was pretty empty at that time of day, but I have a feeling they are patient, kind, and friendly to all of their customers.   And the place is clean, and the employees stayed busy and seemed happy to be there.Kudos to Christina for preferring the red sauce, it was HOT to me!  I preferred the milder and still exceptionally tasty green guac sauce.  I wish this place was closer to home, I would go much more often.  Thanks Guasaca, for bringing your quality food and service to the Raleigh area!
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,1/15/2014,198,565,5,7,4>I've been here more times than I wish to admit. Mostly because the staff is just so friendly and helpful, and also because I'm the world's most unlucky klutz and constantly breaking my Lorelei. (Yes, I named my bike. I named all my rides. Is that a problem?!)Besides carrying a large collection of cycling equipments, the crew who work at CSH also have extensive knowledge on bicycles and cycling in general and in specification. Whether you are a newbie picking up your first wheels or you are a seasoned rider, CSH has a Fit Studio, that can help you fine tune every parts of your bicycle so you will have the optimum ride posture, for best comfort, to ride faster, to ride longer.Need energy supplements for your next big ride? CSH got it! Need a GoPro to film your next big dirt bike adventure? CSH got it! Even if you don't want to get into serious riding, CSH has an adult-sized Big Wheelie you can goof around.If you live in Cary area, and need a good commute route to ride, you can follow the arrows on the marked pavement, which will take you on a few good routes depends on your distance.
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,1/14/2014,43,105,1,8,5>Ah, Grand Asia market. I started coming here about four years ago, and I've loved it ever since. I rarely do much grocery shopping here, but the cafeteria, bakery, buns, and smoothies are wonderful. My company moved to an office within a few miles of Grand Asia and we've been coming for lunch every week. The cafeteria section offers a special where you choose three items from the case over rice, and usually a cup of either soup or soy milk for about $6.50. They have at least a dozen dishes to choose from, with probably half of them being vegetable dishes. I would recommend trying the meatball & cabbage, eggplant, bean noodles, any of the leafy green vegetables, and the tofu dishes. I haven't tried many of the other meat-heavy dishes, but some of my coworkers like them. You can also order off of a full Chinese menu, but I've always gone for the meal box personally. Near the cafeteria, you can also order silken tofu (either sweet or savory), Chinese style buns, and bubble tea or smoothies. I believe the tofu dishes may only be offered on the weekend, but they're definitely worth trying if you see them available. The bbq pork bun is also one of my favorite additions to the meal box if I'm craving even more variety, and the taro smoothie is my go-to choice if I'm splurging on calories. On the opposite side of the cafeteria (next to the smoothies) are shelves of fresh baked goods. Most of them are going to be light on the sugar, so you may be surprised if you're used to typical sweets around the Triangle. I would recommend trying the egg tarts, anything with red bean paste, and the filled buns. Most of the pastries are pretty cheap, so feel free to go wild trying a bunch. I realize from exposing my coworkers to Grand Asia that not everyone appreciates this sort of market, but if you're feeling even slightly adventurous, you owe it to yourself to visit at least once.
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,1/13/2014,33,67,,4,3>I discovered La Farm Bakery when I was at one of the Durham food truck rodeos.  They didn't have much of a line so I pretty much passed it by without a second look...that was until I saw someone walking around with this AMAZING looking sandwich and asked where it was from.  I knew I just had to try it (even though I had already ordered myself something from another truck, lol).  I ended up getting their banh mi sandwich and OMG, it was SOOOO yummy.  The steak was marinated in the tastiest marinade and it was covered with fresh avacado, carrots, jalapenos, etc. all on a baguette.  I'm not usually all that impressed by sandwiches, but every since this first encounter, I have been hoping to see La Farm food truck around more often (though sadly the next time I saw it was two months later, at which time I ordered the banh mi again!).  I don't live too close to Cary, but if I'm ever in the area their bakery will be one of my first stops!!!
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,1/12/2014,18,237,,6,2>Came here with a friend on a Saturday night. There were some people in the back just hanging out and drinking beer that they got from the small beer bar in the back, which seemed like a good sign and really added to the laidback atmosphere of the place..not pretentious at all. It's not a very large space, but I actually preferred that..less decision anxiety about what to get. All the beers were organized by the country they were brewed in, and there was a small selection of singles to customize a 6-pack with too. However, the highlight of our experience here was when my friend asked for beer recommendations. We're both complete beginners when it comes to beer, and so she asked someone working there if he could recommend one to her based on a beer she had before and the taste/finish of it. The man who helped us was super friendly and helpful, was able to give some really good recommendations, and provided helpful information about beers in the process. It was clear he really enjoyed his job and was very knowledgeable/enthusiastic about beer. It really contributed to the personal and local feel of the place, and both my friend and I left with a fantastic impression of it. I would highly recommend giving this place a visit. Although the store is not very big, it packs a very good selection of beers and amazing staff!
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,1/11/2014,43,197,,8,3>My husband and I were excited to give this shiny, new spot a try for Restaurant Week.  After seeing the full menu though, we decided to forgo the limited RW offerings and order from the regular menu.  Here's my breakdown...Atmosphere:  I was expecting classy, romantic, upscale.  What I walked into was quite the opposite, but I LIKED it!  There's a large bar and open kitchen, with a small eating bar up against it.  Although the incredibly high ceilings and huge brick archways give it an open train station feel, the actual dining area is quite small.  Even so, we never felt like we were "sitting on top of" another table and it was actually quite cozy.  There's also an outdoor dining are and waiting area with posh outdoor seating...very nice touch.  The music is quite loud, so it definitely  had more of a hip, downtown vibe than the romantic, date night setting I expected, but it was fun and we enjoyed it.  My only (semi) complaint is that the bathrooms are not actually IN the restaurant, but out the back door which opens a shared hallway with the attached Sheraton Hotel.Service:  Our waiter was terrific.  He was knowledgeable about the menu, we never had to wait for plates to be cleared or drinks to be refilled.  He seemed genuinely happy to have us there.  The hostess presented us with our table and an iPad with the cocktail menu on it.  Although I get they're trying to be hip and relevant with the iPad, it wasn't really necessary and actually took up too much room on our small, two person table.  Food: The cocktail menu is fresh and original.  I loved my Cucumber Mint Mojito and my husband enjoyed his Basil Smash. His Old Fashion (2nd round) was a bit sweet...too much syrup.  The Charcuterie Board was the best we've had!  We were told it changes often, so we look forward to the next one.  I ordered the Lobster Macaroni and Cheese and it was A.M.A.Z.I.N.G!!! I will dream about this and I will be back for more.  My husband went with the Seafood Risotto.  Although he thought it was a bit undercooked, the 3 giant scallops and shrimp on top made up for it!  We went with the S'mores dessert and I have to say, it was better than the description gives it credit for!  I think we will definitely be back and honestly for a brand new restaurant, they have very few kinks to work out!
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,1/10/2014,97,336,,7,3>If you want to have a great laugh and see some famous comics, then this is the place to be.  Many famous comics have crossed the stage of Charlie Goodnight's.  I even had a chance to see Sinbad the comedian there.  The staff is great and they always have good promotions running.  They even offer you a pair of free tickets for your birthday if you visit their website. Sure they have plenty of drinks while you are there, but they also have some decent munchies to snack on while you were enjoying a great laugh. Depending on the comic, you might want to get there 30 minutes or more earlier, as they place will fill up and you might end up in the back of the room. They also offer dinner and a show special.  No matter why you decide to visit, you should visit.
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,1/9/2014,44,50,,8,3>4 stars for this all you can eat sushi restaurant in Raleigh! I am absolutely thrilled to have this place nearby. Being from Southern California, I'm used to at least 10 restaurants within a 10 mile area having all-you-can-eat options. In the Triangle, this is rare -- so having Orchid nearby is a huge plus for when you are craving *a lot* of sushi! While not mindblowingly well prepared or the freshest sushi I have ever had, this place gets four stars on principle and very decent quality for offering an all you can eat option. As some previous reviewers have stated, it's a great idea to come here with a few friends (4+) so you can all get different rolls and sample from each other, without having to worry about having left over sushi -- since technically you're supposed to eat it all. Not sure how strict they are on that policy. The times I have come here, I was careful to eat all of the deliciousness I ordered. I can't speak to the other food offerings, since I haven't had them, but go for all you can eat sushi. You will leave happy. So happy to have you in the neighborhood, Orchid!
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,1/8/2014,20,56,3,6,2>I already pledged my allegiance to Sergio's NY style thin crust pizza. We moved to the Wakefield/Bedford/Almost Wake Forest area in May and since then have ordered from Sergio's probably once a week. While I have wished on several occasions they were open on Sundays, as an Italian I understand why they are closed: Sunday is a day for church, family, and an enormous dinner for your extended family, friends, neighbors, coworkers, and anyone else who happens to show up! About two weeks ago my husband and I decided to try their calzone for the first time. For those unfamiliar with calzone (which is plural, btw, calzoni is singular- calzones is a word that does not exist in the Italian language-Sergio's menu gets it right!) it's basically like a large savory turnover, with pizza dough as the crust, and whatever fillings you want inside, but there's always mozzarella and ricotta inside, and the sauce is served on the side rather than stuffed into the calzone. It's generally about the size of a football or larger, and depending on what you stuff in there, is a satisfyingly filling choice. I like veggies in mine-spinach, mushrooms maybe, onions, and always some garlic--but you can get sausage, pepperoni, basically any topping they have for pizza they will lovingly cram into your calzone. Since we were such fans of the pizza, we knew the calzone were going to be good. After about 3 bites I made a proclamation I stand by: Sergio's has the best calzone I have ever had. I have eaten hundreds of calzone in my lifetime. In NYC, Upstate NY, Westchester County, you name it. And Sergio's is the best, hands down. What sets them apart from other calzone is the quality of their ricotta. Either they must make it in house or they are sourcing it from a very skilled cheesemaker. Their ricotta is not grainy, or too heavy like some can be. It is light, almost fluffy in texture and has a nice balance of salty, creamy and a little tang that lets you know it is very, very fresh. My husband and I were literally sitting on our couch staring googly-eyed at our calzone as we devoured them, only coming up for air as necessary or to make caveman style grunts of approval.Now that I know their ricotta is knock it out of the ballpark levels of incredible, I'm looking forward to trying their pizza bianca ("white pizza"). Also, they have a ton of pasta dishes that incorporate the ricotta as well: manicotti, conchiglie (stuffed shells), lasagna, etc. They clearly put a lot of time and effort and care into their food, and I'm sure the pasta dishes are great as well: I will keep you all updated as we work our way through the menu.
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,5/3/2012,194,183,5,7,3>You know how on some of those hot, humid Carolina summer days, all you want to do is sit down and give up on life?  Well, now you can hop on over to Pelican's to cool down with some shaved ice instead (of resorting to death).This is a very bare-bones joint where you can get quality shaved cream - shaved ice + liquid ice cream - in an assortment of flavors.  The ice is very fluffy.  Awesome.  If you are greedy, they have this avalanche size that is bigger than the size of an average large head.P.S. Pelican's has this flavor challenge where you can win a holy grail t-shirt if you try 100 flavors within one snow cone season.  I may or may not have added that to my bucket list.
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2012,5/2/2012,64,257,2,4,6>2012 already and I haven't given props to Neomonde? Shame on me! This is one of the first places my husband & I ate when we moved to Raleigh years ago, and over time it's held the same standards of quality, selection, and fair prices that keeps us stopping in ever since that first meal.First, the food -- if you don't eat meat but you love to eat, Neomonde has you covered! From crispy falafel to assorted grain/vegetable/pulse salads to a seriously amazing lasagna with tender eggplant standing in for the traditional noodles, not only will you not go hungry but you won't have to graze on a forlorn pile of lettuce or stale baked potato and call it a meal! Rejoice! If you do eat meat, there is also a variety to be had from quick sandwiches to sit-down plated hot foods. But whatever you eat, save room for dessert -- tender semolina/pistachio basma and flaky-crisp baklava are just two of the delights that will call to you from the pastry case. Heed their call; it tastes as sweet as it sounds.In addition to prepared foods Neomode also offers a small grocery section with their fresh breads (look for yesterday's marked at a discount!), imported cheeses, olives, oils, almost every spice you can imagine and some you've probably never heard of, and just about every ingredient you'd need to create your own glorious food at home! From rose water to pomegranate syrup and pita bread to halloumi, you can get it here at a fairly competitive price. We often buy staples like spices and dried herbs here and have been impressed with the quality every time.Lunchtime usually means a packed house and the parking lot fills up fast, so either get in early or wait until at least 1:30 to make your move or you might find it difficult to park/find a place to sit, and if you're in a hurry the line might be a long one. Dinner isn't so hectic, and in good weather the lovely plant-bedecked patio makes a charming place to linger over a delicious meal. If you've never been, now's the time to give yourself a 2012 treat and get on down to Neomonde!
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,5/1/2012,59,237,2,7,7>I have received incredible service from Mike and the guys at Men At Work.  Both my wife and I's cars looked awful from many months of seeing no car washes.  Plus, I was due for an NC DOT inspection, which I absolutely hate waiting at a random garage for.  After finding Men At Work on yelp, I called Mike who told me about all their services.  Not only do they offer free pick-up (at my home in Cary) and several detailing options, but they inspect cars too.  Mike stopped by on a Thursday at 11am to pickup my car and was back with it inspected and flawlessly clean at 3pm.  The next day, Mike again picked up my wife's car at 11am and dropped a spotless version back off at 2pm.  We went with exterior wax and interior clean for $75 a piece (discounted to $70 since I did two vehicles).  I can't say enough good things about the quality of work preformed.  You could eat off of any surface of the car, which is amazing because before the washing, it looked like we had (I'm a little ashamed).Another great thing about Men At Work is the staff they employ.  Mike hires guys that no one else will (ex-convicts).  This is a wonderful deed and a second chance to people that have done their time.  Definitely give MAW a try!!
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,4/30/2012,236,354,,6,5>Seems like the perfect spot in downtown Durham to go to before or after a show at the DPAC or when enjoying a game at the nearby Durham Bulls Park.  I've been to the location in downtown Raleigh many times, so when a friend and I were going to see Memphis at the DPAC last Wednesday, the 25th, I was eager to get a taste from Durham.  It was really crowded and that was probably compounded by the show being about to start.  The bar and all tables were full inside, but we were able to sit on the covered patio and claimed one of the last empty tables.  Outside it's only bar service so I placed our order at the window.  My friend and I each had a glass of the house Pinot Noir.  Half priced glasses of wine on Wednesdays.  Yes!  I took our wine and waters back to our table.  They also have a good selection of beer, but we were being wine-o girls for the night.  The atmosphere was chill and perfect for enjoying a bite to eat before the show.  We opted to share the triple slider dish.  A mini chicken sandwich, NC bbq, and cheeseburger with a side of potato wedge fries.  Perfect for sharing and oh so delicious!  Plenty of TVs strewn about the cafe for watching a game or maybe just some baseball outside if you like.  And about that baseball stadium.  Tobacco Road is probably the best sports cafe in the area because it sits right next to a ballpark!  If you'd rather not pay for a ticket, you can sit outside and overlook the game.  In the summer they can spray a cool mist to cool you off on hot days.  Another sweet tip to remember: if you bring your ticket from the parking deck they'll take $4 apiece off your check.  Definitely enjoyed this location and will gladly go back another time when in need of a bite before a show.
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2012,4/29/2012,20,39,,5,5>I got the curry chicken which came w/ rice, cabbage, and 2 plantains. It was flavorful, and the meat literally fell off the bone. Nom nomMy friend got oxtail, which was alright, but not worth the price. We split a beef patty, which was tasty enough, but nothing spectacular, just mildly spiced ground beef in a yellow crusty pastry.  The ambiance is more of a sparse, hole in the wall, fast food place. But everything looked clean, and that's really all I ask. I'd definitely go back for the curry chicken!
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2012,4/28/2012,139,155,1,9,6>You MUST try their weekend lunch buffet. For $12, cheaper than other Indian restaurants in the area, it was the BEST Indian buffet I've ever had (Thanks to Ron W. for the suggestion!). And it was such a shame, because my boyfriend and I were the only ones in the restaurant. How is that possible?? Seriously, the quality and originality of this food was beyond anything I've had before-- from the naan, to the veggie wraps, to the chicken 65, everything was awesome. NIce level of spice too. They also had classics including butter chicken, lamb curry and many more things I can never pronounce but taste delicious :)Since it seemed like we were the first ones in the restaurant though, we had to awkwardly wrestle with the too-hot tops of the buffet serving trays and no waiter assisted us with this process even though there was no one else in the entire restaurant.  They just watched us being awkward. Delightful. The second time I went up, I did notice that the tops had been removed, thank goodness. Besides that mishap, however, everything was perfect. Seriously, with a buffet this affordable and delicious going on every Saturday and Sunday, what's your excuse for not being there?
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,4/27/2012,42,116,1,12,5>I am so happy I let my husband talk me into trying this place out! In general, I have a "no cajun/creole/New Orleans" food rule while outside of Louisiana. Sounds ridiculous, but I'm from Louisiana (geaux tigers!) and I have had some god awful stuff under the guise of cajun/creole/New Orleans. But Battistella's! Oh, I am such a happy girl now that I can get an oyster poboy when I want one that is authentic. But I digress.We had lunch on a slow Tuesday. The building, decor, and ambiance are great. I love that they have not overdone it with cheesy New Orleans photos, but have a few large ones that give a great feel of the Quarter. Our waiter was friendly and ready to answer any questions and told us right away about all of the local foods. Love that. We both ordered a gumbo to start. Smart because I don't like to share gumbo. So. Very. Good. It was described as a country gumbo-which means chicken, andouille, and seafood. The roux base was excellent, the meats and seafood perfectly done, and a nice little spice kick. Next up, we had an oyster poboy and crawfish etouffee. The bread was spot on. There is something about New Orleans bread that is different than french bread-it's wider and softer on the inside and outside with this great texture. They had that bread! The waiter told me NeoMonde makes it for them. I was sure he would tell me they ordered it from New Orleans. The oysters were friend perfectly and correctly for a poboy and it was dressed just like I remember. I don't know how we managed to only eat half of it, but we saved it for later.  I love a good etouffee. Battistella's is simply wonderful. A rich roux, perfectly cooked crawfish, correct proportion of rice to etoufee, not too tomatoey. I am so pleased with this restaurant. The prices at lunch were great and the service was great as well. Going back!!!!
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2011,4/26/2012,114,375,4,5,6>If you happen to find yourself in this peculiar situation --...you went to Motorco/Fullsteam thinking there was going to be a world of food trucks, but it turned out all that was there was those dumplings, and you drank a few beers and now you're hungry as hell...-- then "The Pile", which is like nachos with french fries for chips, is really going to hit the spot.Also, as Barbara Bush once said, "There's no such thing as a bad Deviled Egg".
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2011,4/25/2012,43,197,2,5,4>For my "30ish" birthday (translation: 31st), my husband planned a party at Buku in one of their private dining rooms.  He describes the planning process as enjoyable and professional, and that sentiment continued as we arrived for the party.  We were led straight back to our private room, which was decorated beautifully with Holiday decor, chairs along the wall (convenient for when we ladies needed a break from our heels) and a circular window, which looked into their wine closet.   Our drink orders were taken promptly and never seemed to be quite empty when the next one arrived.  My husband arranged for an array of Hor d' oeuvres, which was incredible!  We noshed on Hummus, Chicken Enchiladas, Chicken Pierogies, Lamb Kabobs and Shrimp Skewers.  I was impressed with the amount of food they provided, as it kept coming instead of running out.  I saw several very large groups in the dining room, which leads me to believe that other smaller, non-private parties were being hosted here as well.  I highly recommend Buku for your next event or group outing!
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2012,4/24/2012,170,196,,9,4>I visit this museum often. I work with kids doing Track-Out Programs, and have been here on field trips several times.  I really enjoy taking the kids here because there is so much to see and do.  The museum is very large, there are four floors of exhibits, displays, interactive shows and even some live animals.  It focuses mainly on what North Carolina has to offer, but includes much from the rest of the world as well.  Some of the things the kids enjoy most include the flora and fauna, dinosaur bones, animals of the tropics (especially the poisonous frogs and snakes), marine life and of course the butterfly room.  They have a fascinating butterfly enclosure, where several different butterflies fly around, and the children are able to spot them based on an identification card.  The museum is not very large, but they have managed to do a lot with the space that is available.  The museum is currently under renovation as well, and will be opening a new section in mid-April.  If you are looking to spend a fun, family friendly afternoon with your family, you should definitely head to the Museum of Natural Sciences.  And don't forget the best part, it's FREE!!I do however recommend eating before or after the museum. There is a cafe available, however there is a very small selection, and the food is not of good quality.  I had a tomato basil bisque soup that was so awful I couldn't even force myself to eat half of it.  The prices are very low, and this is obviously a case of "you get what you pay for." If you are looking for a quick, cheap way to feed your family, then I suppose it's good for that, but if you are looking for food that actually tastes good, I stay clear.Overall, i'd definitely say to visit the museum. You'll be in for a fun, family outing that is appropriate for kids of all ages!
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2010,6/3/2010,39,60,2,6,5>This is my favorite bar in Raleigh, hands down. Great beer selection and the best pub food in town. Their pork BBQ nachos, Reuben, and guacamole are the standard of excellence that other pubgrub should strive for. It's located in a historic building in downtown Raleigh, and is filled with memorable photos from the vintage newspaper, including a pint glass that President Obama drank a PBR out of during his campaign in 08 (the PBR cost $2 and he left $20 - we should have seen the bailouts coming ;)Now to the best part. The beer selection. They don't have a lot of draft beers, but the what they have is a great rotating selection of 10 or so phenomenal beers. The variety of beer that they have in bottles is amazing, which they will serve in style specific glassware.A great bar with good food, good beer, and a historic setting.
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2010,6/2/2010,30,43,,4,3>My girlfriend and I went to Revolution for our anniversary. We arrived and had our car valeted and walked in. The table we had set up on opentable was ready and we were sat. The service through the meal was good and the food was good. I had the scallop with the pork belly and it was fantastic. My sweetbreads and filet on the other hand were not so fantastic. The filet was quite tough, however the sweetbreads were delicious and unique. My girlfriend had the octopus starter and it was nice and light. Her entree was the braised pheasant leg and it was delicious in every sense of the word with the exception of the misplaced artichokes. The artichokes were not good and did not even really go with the entree. The dessert was good and we had the chocolate cake. The ambiance of Revolution is probably the best part. The restaurant has a great atmosphere. Next time we go we will probably just sit at the bar as it is very Park Avenueish.
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2010,6/1/2010,19,73,2,3,4>You may not always want to see the movie playing at the Rialto, but when you do, it's the greatest place to see a movie ever.  The first reason for the Rialto is its location - you have many great choices for walkable dinner and a movie (see Lilly's Pizza and Hayes Barton Cafe).The second reason is that they have a bar.  Buy a bottle of wine for $15 and they'll give you dixie cups to enjoy it in during the movie.The last reason is that you don't really need 3D, stadium seating, or the suburbs to enjoy a movie.  The character of the Rialto counts for so much more.
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2010,5/31/2010,4,99,,5,5>Watts is good ol' fancied-up southern food. Though it is a bit pricey, they actually do a good job of making basics like shrimp or greens live up to their full potential. I at first also thought Watts would be a grocery store, which is why I love the name. Calling yourself a grocery when you are a restaurant is confusing in a funny/cute way that delights me. I cannot wait to go back one of these days for the famous brunch. I hear it is amazing.
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2010,5/30/2010,59,219,7,8,6>WARNING: Just like Mari J., I can't resist referring to "A Southern Season" by it's notorious acronym. In the interest of good wholesome southern family values....I've pre-censored this review. Oh man, where do I begin? I was first introduced to the "idea" of [censored] when we found out we were moving to this area. I had the usual and natural tantrums before relocating out here..."It's a wasteland of culinary sophistication! What am I going to eat? Possum?!" Lo and behold, hope came to me in the form of Kristin, one of the owners of Las Vegas' Valley Cheese and Wine. In her sweet little mom-like midwestern accent (think Fargo*), she replied, "yoo knoow...., it's reeelly not that bad oot der. I have conneyctions from my distribuytoors and der's this store yoo seeee...and they have all these wonderful thengs oot der. Let mee get back to yooo...." Sure enough, I received an email from her about [censored]. Thank the gods I had a little angel in the form of a midwestern accented shop keeper! So our introduction to [censored] wasn't the norm in the way of living here, but our experiences (I believe) have been universally similar to others - sheer awe and absolute wonder. The first day we arrived into the store (on a whim, mind you) was just to take a look and see what all the hoopla was about. We walked out with over $50 worth of goodies and a stomach full of samples. ([censored] you [censored]!!!!) Ever since then, it's been a culinary romance...furtive glances at the cheese section ("oh you have Redhawk, do you?"), coveted looks at the kitchen ware ("oh yes, my little Le Creuset, you will be mine soon...") to longing lazy gazes at the chocolate bar....("yes, I know you well Vosges Oaxaca candy bar....oh yes, we'll meet again soon...."). Aside from the temptation of having to consume more stuff - if you're anything like us, I find the prices a bit high. Your best bet is waiting for their inventory blow out sales ("Everything must go, up to 70% off!" - look for it bannered up on the front tower with the weathervane, you won't miss it) as we happened upon over the summer....or just looking through the Indy to find those [censored] coupon flyers around "holidays" - I was able to use a 25% off coupon over Xmas to buy an awesome gift for my brother! Sweet! Really, you can't go wrong here on sheer selection as others have noted. They sell Counter Culture Coffee by the bulk and talking to the people behind the counter, I learned that they get new (freshly roasted) shipments of CCC beans every Tues and Fri. If you're okay with slightly older coffee beans ( a few days at most), you can easily score some bargains from the "old" coffee shelf opposite the bean counter - most times I've gotten a few CCC blends for half the price! If you're not sure, just ask them. They don't bite....hardly. As others have mentioned, they also have classes/events, a fantastic deli/prepared food counter (their crab cakes are really good - seared on the top and bottom with very little fillers and tons of jumbo crab meat!) and tons of samples to be had. It gets crazy crowded on the weekends...esp. the summers and/or game days....we've found it convenient to combine [censored] with the South Estes Farmers Market in one go on Saturdays - just enough to whet the appetite and keep you riding on your bike. ;)Go here if you haven't gone....but more importantly, revel in the fact that the Triangle does not lack in culinary sophistication...sure it's "southern", but thanks to [censored], it'll be easier to forget about your west coast pretenses on food. 5 stars all the way! BTW, this totally beats Sur La Table hands down - no contest.* I've exaggerated all accent forms for the purpose of storytelling. No midwesterners were harmed in the reenactment of this story. Kristin really is a sweet friendly woman (see my review on their shop).
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2010,5/29/2010,86,100,,6,6>Another culinary gem tucked discreetly away behind a storefront in the Timberlyne strip mall in north Chapel Hill (the other is Margaret's Cantina).  I've recently changed from a mostly vegetarian diet  to a vegan one, so I decided it would be a good time to check out Sage since their menu is mostly vegan.  The surprisingly cozy and warm atmosphere complemented the fresh, carefully prepared food, and the service was very good (if a bit sluggish toward the end of our meal).  I had the Caribe, a Caribbean spicy tofu dish with black beans, plantains, avocado, and brown or basmati rice.  It was exactly the right quantity of food and a nice balance of protein, carbohydrate, and fat.  My companion ordered one of the specials, a divine-looking spinach ravioli dish served with a fresh, organic salad which he declared absolutely perfect.  I finished my meal with a splendid vegan chocolate cake and very freshly brewed, good quality coffee.  I have two minor grievances: the wine list is small and boring (I had an adequate, but too warm, $6 sauvignon blanc while waiting for dinner) and there is only one vegan dessert option.
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2010,5/28/2010,25,363,2,4,4>Full disclosure: I, too, attended the pre-opening dinner at Tobacco Road.The "we're a place to watch sports, but with good food" approach has been done before, but seldom as well as at Tobacco Road. First of all, major style points for the ambiance and location (my only gripe is that I was greeted with an image of Christian Laettner that faced the front door when I entered. Kidding!! OR AM I???). The restaurant itself is open and spacious, with a feel more upscale than "sports bar," but with the all-important large, high-definition, flat-screen TVs around every corner. Our little six-person table had its own 40-incher (an estimate; I didn't whip out the tape measure). It seemed as though every table had a good view of one screen or another. A step down from the main dining room, you'll find a row of comfy recliners with cupholders, each facing its own little TV. I suppose this would be the place to have a drink and wait for a table - or perhaps to park yourself for the evening. I feel confident that one of these days, some dude will be found down there, asleep, lovingly clutching his beer.The location is amazing. On one side, you have a quick walk to the DPAC. Park once in the DPAC deck and you can have a nice, convenient pre-show dinner. On the other side, a terrace overlooks left field at the Durham Bulls athletic park. This terrace seemed to be generating quite a bit of buzz from patrons. I can only imagine how early you'd need to arrive to score one of these coveted tables. As for the food, we were very pleased with our appetizers: buffalo chicken egg rolls (sounds wacky, but worked for me) and delicious mac and cheese with country ham. As for the entrees, we for some reason both ended up ordering steak items. The husband had a steak sandwich covered in onion soup, and I had the steak frites. I don't know why we were feeling so meaty. My steak had a good flavor, but was a bit well-done. This may have been due to the way I ordered it, though, as I tend to be very cautious of  anything that's too pink. If steak is not your favorite, there were lots of burgers and sandwiches, a few pasta dishes, some vegetarian offerings, and even shrimp and grits. A pretty varied menu, and all made from scratch. Tobacco Road uses ingredients from local farmers and fishermen, which is a level of community engagement you don't usually expect from the place where you watch the big game. Service was friendly, attentive, and helpful - we brought our three-month old baby, and no one seemed alarmed by the occasional bounce-and-stroll around the room, nor by the giant stroller we stashed near the hostess stand. Yes, we're those people, apparently.All in all, I think this is going to be a very popular addition to the DBAP/American Tobacco area, and I look forward to going back!
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2010,5/27/2010,216,95,1,3,4>Costly, but completely innovative and delicious. GREAT cocktails. Holly Aiken (owner of Stitch) designed the bill holder. Make sure you check the art on the walls. It rotates and is generally excellent. Paul Friedrich (Onion Head Monster) has a few pieces up on the wall in the bathrooms. Check 'em out.There was a snow storm here a few weeks ago, and I was in Foundation. The bartenders working went outside, got some fresh snow, and made Bourbon Snowcreams. Everyone in the joint got a free little glassful. It's that kind of place.No cell signal /3G down below, so make your calls and send texts before you head down the stairs. Free WiFi, though, so there's that.Interesting below ground space. Limited seating, so sometimes, the fire code means you can't come in. Don't take it personally. It isn't you.
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,5/26/2010,114,291,2,5,3>Mez is situated off Page road, standing on a corner of two intersecting roads. It has a downstairs outdoors area which would be really nice on a warm breezy day.I came here sans Jenny for an educational dinner upstairs. On entry, the restaurant opens up to a large open air dining area. It has a nice bar area and several booths behind the greeting area where you see people chat, drink and have a decent time. I headed up stairs for the function room, which was set up in a pretty non-descript way. The corn chips were way salty - which encourages lots of drinking I suppose. The pescadores was decent and the flan was also nice. The best part probably was the mashed potato on the entree.Generally decent, nice environment. Some items slightly on the salty side. It's a little far from where I live, but would definitely stop by if I'm in the area.
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2010,5/25/2010,152,261,6,11,4>Oh boy.Rue Cler is bomb. I went for dinner with a couple of friends, one of whom lives in San Francisco, and even he declared that the meal was excellent, delicious, any other positive superlative you can think of. $30 for this prix fixe is absolutely criminal considering the absolute scrumptiousness of the meal. Let's break down Rue Cler's fabulousness, mmkay?First course: Frisee with real pieces of bacon, frittes, cracked black pepper - this was outstanding. A little heavy on the olive oil but that didn't detract from the taste. Second course: Asparagus with egg and bernaise - yummy, i'm still having dreams about it. Could have used a pinch of salt but again, a small quibble. Also tried my friends' onion tartlette and house made egg noodles. Definitely recommend the asparagus or egg noodles over the tartlette. Third course: Tomato braised beef short ribs, sauteed greens, and other gastronomic happiness - this was delish. Incredible. No bones at all and  the meat was the most tender I've ever tasted. Added salt & pepper (i like condiments) and the meal was very flavorful. Greens were the perfect compliment to the beef. Had bites of the duck and flounder. Not a huge fan of duck but this one was very good. The flounder was crisp, buttery, and just a delight! Dessert: Terrine au chocolat. Succulent, RICH, halfway between fudge and cream. Goodness, this was amazing. Had bites of the crepe and the creme brulee - both are to die for. Wine: We got the cheapest bottle on the menu. A pinot '08. Nose full of raspberries and a bit of strawberry. Spicy, fruity, light, awesome. The decor is upscale loft warehouse. The lighting was perfect. And one of the male servers was super cute (always a plus)! Our server was very attentive asking us how we liked the meal and overall very polite. Verdict: I cannot WAIT to come back here for brunch (or dinner or lunch or a late night snack). Under $50 for three courses, wine, and dessert for a meal like this is why I love NC so much!
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/2/2011,8/23/2011,37,158,2,6,2>At first I was going to dismiss this as just another burger place.  However, this carnivore was happy to have a place to share with vegetarian friends (with the latter having so many options...).- I had the California Burger, which was simple and yet really hit the spot.  The fries here were crispy, tasty, and addictive; the crazy chips, though a bit heavier, were also quite delicious.- My friend had the crab cakes, and he could not stop raving about how amazing they were; he even invoked "these must be from Maryland," so that says a lot.- The beer selection should probably have something for everyone.- A cute quirk about this place is that it features (on display, for sale) a wide array of art by independent artists.The only thing I could complain about is that, though the restaurant was not at all packed, the wait staff took forever for each phase of our meal (particularly getting our check to us).
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2011,8/22/2011,152,347,8,12,11>in my home district of columbia..a farmers market always meant..overpriced old veggies and fruits that people thought they could sell because they grew it in their back yard OH and it was only open at the most inconvenient time possible..saturday MORNINGS.but my new found love for farmers market began with the State Farmers Market of Raleigh.As a single gal, a bag of carrots can last me 3 months..it usually ends up going bad after me having one and i'd throw my hard earned money down the drain.I love how if you wanted ONE grape tomato, you can buy ONE grape tomato. I mean, it just makes sense. I buy what I want to eat, you sell it to me. I'm gaining back my consumer control dammit! Krogers ain't gonna tell me I need a whole pint of grape tomatoes anymore!!!!!!!The veggies and fruits are always in season, because DUH availability corresponds to THE SEASON. If you want blueberries in December, FOGETABOUTIT. I also love this because it teaches you to eat with mother earth and not genetically modified fake veggie/fruit babies. It's also SO DAMN CHEAP. I can buy a whole week's fresh veggies/fruits for less than 10 bux. really? YES REALLY!!!!!!!! No more "WTF DID I BUY THAT WAS $80??!?!" look at the cashier's counter anymore!!!!!The people are also super nice and they usually have fruit samples for you to try before you buy it..in case you forgot what an apple tastes like. what? it happens. AND there is an awesome german bakery stand there you canNOT miss!!! they make all the best german cookies and kuchen (cake). AND they have fresh pretzels!!!!! Also, the dude's legit German and really..cool and german. yeah. GERMAN BAKERY = GOOD.I can't say enough good things about this place. If you are still buying that $7/lb asparagus from whole foods, you need to get your butt over here!!!!!!OH and did I mention you will be supporting your local farmers???!! If that didn't motivate you to go, then I'm sorry, you are a horrible person.*****HELPFUL NOTE*****since these produce are SO fresh, you better not leave it in the heat of your car. IT WILL GO BAD WITHIN HOURS. Those babies need to be in the fridge as soon as you get home.
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,8/21/2011,59,237,3,14,5>Cool interior space + great outdoor seating + wine + good food = homerunI think Cary is craving a place like Cafe Caturra.  When compared with the other Caturra in Cameron Village, this one seems to make more sense when it comes to ordering (see my other Caturra review for the CV system rundown).  Here, you walk in, the ordering counter/menu is front and center.  You place your order, pay, and then find a seat inside or on the patio.  Your food is brought out by a server and full table service commences.  Much better system, thank god!The interior and outdoor seating at the Cary location has a much more open feel to it.  Lots of windows inside and no overhang outside.  The food is wonderful.  This time around, I got a sandwich (chicken, mozzarella, La Farm wholewheat)/soup combo and my wife got a salad with grilled chicken.  Both were huge portions of super fresh ingredients and nice presentation.  This is my wifes favorite salad in the area, which says a lot.  Service was friendly and timely.  I see us frequenting this location and I especially want to go back for wine and small plates.  FYI: I heard bottles of wine are half price on Tuesday night.
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,8/20/2011,22,188,10,5,4>Ok, this place is pretty awesome. I am a not so closeted nerd and my wife and I play board games at least 3 times a week (i.e. Agricola, Race For the Galaxy, Dominion, Le Havre, etc). We realized that actually shopping here would put any doubt about how nerdy we are completely to rest. We sighed deeply, admitted our addiction, and drove out to the store. Ok, let me say that the people who were there were suuuupppppppppper nerdy. Like....super nerdy. And I was a computer science major in college. I know nerdy. They were nerdy. That being said they were lovable nerds and very friendly and nice. The game selection was impressive and the prices were actually better than Amazon. We bought a membership card. This makes our nerdiness complete. However, the nerdy items we buy will be cheaper now I guess, which is good.If you love board games (I can't speak to comics or the other things they sell) they really do have an impressive selection. Bite the bullet, admit you are a nerd, and shop there.
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,8/19/2011,34,218,3,5,4>It's free. And it's awesome. Did I mention it's free? I love the real animals interspersed with the displays, even if I did want to throw up in my mouth looking at the cockroaches and millipedes, and there was a lot of great information about the formation and ecology of North Carolina. We now know a lot more about the state flora and fauna.  Plus the hanging skeletons are super cool and really put in to perspective how tiny we are.
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,8/18/2011,44,284,2,6,6>Right next to one of our favorite restaurants (Market), Escazu is similarly in an odd location.  However, since you don't need prime real estate to make awesome chocolate, it doesn't matter.  We stopped by after missing out on the Yelp trip and decided we'd make up for it by trying one of almost everything.  Most of our selections were a hit, but a few misses.  The standard milks and darks, and even the cayenne were spot on, but some like the lemongrass needed to be chased.  Our box of a dozen or so (probably more) didn't last long .. and I don't think I got an even split, so that must mean they were good enough for my chocolate other.What we really like about Escazu is not actually in the store.  Rather, it's how we've spied their chocolate around town in coffee shops (Jubala) and grocery stores (Whole Foods).  4 stars for excellent chocolate and definitely a plus for being a local artisan.  Prices were about where you would expect for artisanal chocolates, though quite affordable if you consider the prices of places in NYC or SF.
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,8/17/2011,315,293,3,8,5>On two different occasions I had planned to get my first try at the renowned (at least based on Yelp)  Durham paninoteca  known as Toast . Once I wandered in not noticing the time, and was told that they had just closed (doh!)  Another time I was planning to go and as I was nearing there the skies opened up letting out a torrential downpour and since parking close by in this part of downtown Durham is difficult, I decided it wasn't worth getting soaked to de-virgin myself on Toast. You probably don't care about my misadventures however, so  I will tell you about an overbearing sultry Saturday afternoon in July when the panini gods finally smiled upon me and I was able to delight in a fresh, perfectly grilled panini filled with the salty goodness that is prosciutto, combined with fresh mozzarella, and sweet roasted tomatoes. The sandwich was delicious and didn't last long since it was melt in your mouth good.  I only got chips to go along with it but in hind-sight maybe a small salad for $2 more would have been the better choice. They also offer a cup of soup for the same price (2 bucks more), but in 100 degree temps this was out of the question. In cooler temps in the Fall and Winter,  I would like to give the soup a try. In addition to the Panini sandwiches they also offer bruschetta, crostini, and tramezzini sandwiches.I really liked Toast and it may be the best Panini I have had, but of course with me there is always room to improve!1) The restaurant is small and always crowded (like Dames C&W next door). You feel cramped when waiting in line or sitting at a table inside. Granted there were tables outside, but not every-day will be ideal dining out weather. They should save up and invest in a larger space when they can.2) What about offering sweet potato fries or tots fried in duck fat as a side? (KoKyu shout out)A solid four stars for Toast, with five star potential!! I will definitely be back to try other panini offerings as well as their other Italian delights.
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2010,8/16/2011,59,110,7,13,9>Oh my goodness, OH my goodness!  This is a restaurant not to be missed.Thank goodness for twitter.  That was the first place I heard about Market Restaurant, and I clicked on the link to the menu and was impressed just reading that!  I know I had to try it, so I got a few friends together tonight and we went.  With its charming decor, very friendly atmosphere and waitstaff, this is definitely a place not to be missed.  And the more people you go with, the more food you get to try!  The seasonal menu is great because, though I do love going somewhere and getting "my usual," I love mixing it up and remembering "that time I had (enter awesome dish here that I might not have again but will attempt to replicate, most assuredly unsuccessfully, in my own kitchen)" fondly and often.Perhaps my favorite thing about this restaurant, aside from the fact that I went with people who willingly shared their food so that I could have tastes of dishes I'd contemplated getting, is that they have human-sized portions which leave you room for dessert.  In doing this, no only have I eaten a delicious meal and I don't feel stuffed (I was raised in the "clean your plate" type of family...not always good), but you can sample some amazing treats and not feel gluttonous after even that!Vegan and vegetarian options are always a plus in my book, and eating dinner with omnivores who are surprised how much they are enjoying a vegetarian meal is even more satisfying for someone who's always told "it must be difficult to dine out, because you're a vegetarian, huh?"  (None of the friends I dined with this evening would say that to me anyhow, but this meal pretty much re-enforces that idea anyhow!).All in all, dinner was nice and summery, and dessert brought a hint of the glorious season of fall which is right around the corner.Market Restaurant, I think I'm in love with you!  Please put out a cookbook...I'd still come in and eat there, but I would love a "Market Restaurant Through the Seasons" cookbook.
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2011,8/15/2011,77,189,,4,5>I'm by no means remotely close to being a beer connoisseur.  That being said I feel like I know a good beer when I taste one, and Fullsteam has given me a number of good ones.  Given the seemingly bizarre ingredients they use to make some of the brews (basil, sweet potatoes, rhubarb, etc.), I was not expecting to enjoy their stuff as much as I did.  They're kind of like the Ben & Jerry's or Willy Wonka of brewers around here. The El toro cream ale and Carver sweet potato lager are probably the two standouts for me.The brewery itself is seems pretty typical with it's warehouse atmosphere.  The huge sliding door on the front makes it seem like you'd be walking into some sort of government laboratory.  They've got some pinball machines, a couple of arcade games, and a ping pong table for those looking to do a bit more than just sit and savor the goods.  The bar area is warm and inviting. Beyond the beer they do serve a few items such as peanuts, chips, pork rinds, etc.  There's a small stage for live performances such as their open mic nights.If you're looking for somewhere to chill out and have a good beer, Fullsteam is your place.
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2011,8/14/2011,43,376,7,7,6>So happy that Babylon is open in Raleigh! Just walking into Babylon last night transported me from downtown Raleigh to another, cooler place :)  Their outdoor patio is fantastic.  With high wicker tables and chairs with soft cushions (yes, that's important!) placed around the focal point of a large pool.  The ambiance is terrific with great music from a DJ inside.  Inside the lounge and restaurant are decorated very similar to Mosaic. Love the Moroccan ceiling addition, really adds to the decor.Look forward to many great nights at Babylon!
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2012,5/18/2013,125,100,2,8,6>The more I spend time here, the more I enjoy it. When I'm not feeling like making a run up to Durham proper, there's simply no other place I'd rather go for good craft beer. Again, I enjoy my visits to Sam's Quik Shop, amazing as it is, but the HV Bottle Shop is... well... simpler. More refined, if you will. If Sam's is the popular tattooed front man of everybody's favorite, gruff-voiced punk rock band, the Bottle Shop is that tattooed guy's older cousin - he still bears the tattoos of younger years, and grins when he hears the music, but honestly, sometimes the scene kids and late hours just get to be too much. He'd much rather sit around in a quieter setting these days, talking with and meeting new friends while he introduces them to this really amazing new Belgian seasonal he discovered. Oh, and if you're wine person, he undoubtedly has an excellent recommendation, too.Now, the fellow who runs things here doesn't have tattoos. No visible ones, anyway. But, he's wise in the ways of fermented wonder, friendly, patient, and very open to engaging you directly to make recommendations or give you information about anything you want to know about. He's friendly with my girls when they have to run in with me to snag a bottle of Framboise Lambic for Mommy's Christmas stocking, and I keep finding myself here again.And again. And again.Check out HV Bottle Shop. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,5/17/2013,26,70,,10,1>We have traveled the east coast trying different FroYo's along the way. We feel like this is one of the best ones! The yogurt is creamy and the flavors are diverse. They have over 50 toppings, including fresh cut fruit. They also have some experimental toppings like homemade marshmallows (who knew you could make them at home), along with 4 mason jars of other toppings like peppermint. They also have bubble tea and hot chocolate. You can get the bubble tea as a smoothie. (I must confess, I still am not sure what bubble tea is...but they have it...and people seem to like it.) For their hot chocolate, they have 3 types of marshmallow topping...regular, toasted and scorched.The ambiance is very clean and peaceful. They charge $.45 per ounce. Don't forget to get a punch card. After 8 yogurts, you get one free (up to $6).  Citizen Yogurt is not a chain/franchise. If you have to choose, please choose to shop locally.
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,5/16/2013,43,376,1,5,3>Tucked away on Weaver St. in a charming little old house, Provence is dishing out delicious cuisine with exquisite service.Went to Provence for a Saturday dinner, with an early reservation - we had the main dining room to ourselves until about 6pm. The dining room is light and airy with little decorations, but tastefully decorated. Meals start out with hot, fresh bread with an olive oil and olive spread, served on a silver platter. Also complimentary was duck rillettes served with a slice of crepe.  Don't miss their onion gratinee which was chocked full of onion, delicious broth and topped with bread and perfectly broiled cheese. Their soup du jour - roasted red pepper was equally delicious.  I tried their Sole Meunière entree: flounder, rich and buttery rice and vegetables.  Also tasted their duck entree, wasn't a fan of the barbeque-like topping, but really enjoyed the garlicky butter mashed potatoes.  Soups were $7 and entrees ranged from $20-30, so Provence is a splurge, but it's romantic, charming, the service was excellent and the food was terrific. Their patio also looks like a great place to dine when the weather is nice.
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2012,5/15/2013,46,89,4,8,8>It always makes me nervous having to go down town and park, but this place is totally worth it!  I and 3 friends went out on the town one week night and got in the door and to a table with NO WAIT!  WHAT?!  Amazing, I know... I guess it's b/c we're all super stars (lol).We started out with appetizers, Roasted Anaheim Pepper, Manda's Crispy Pork Spring Rolls, and Tuna Ceviche.  One of my friends, who is a chef said that Tuna Ceviche is one of the hardest things to make (b/c you're cooking your tuna with lime juice) and he said these were some of the best he's ever had.  All of the appetizers were good, the Roasted pepper was mildly bland, and probably could have used a touch of salt.  (And I rarely use salt.)for Entrees we had the Pho, which should have been served hotter, but had a really good flavor, Carmalized Ginger Pork Ribs, which were fall off the bone tender and good, the Basil Beef, very yummy! and the papya Salad with Duck, and the duck was cooked PERFECT.  it's so easy to over cook duck, but the chef did it perfectly.We also ordered all 3 of their deserts, and each of us had a favorite.  They're all worth a try, although the fried bananas were the lest favorite of us all, but the mint caramel sauce that came with it was EXCEPTIONAL...personally, I'd like a bowl of ice cream with that stuff on top!Over all a great experience.  We were there the 2nd week it was open, so the wait staff is still learning the menu, but that takes time!  So I do not fault them for that.  Service was not at all slow, as some have complained about, we ate leisurely, and never felt rushed by the staff, and were in and out in about an hour and half.the ambiance of the place is very cool, don't forget to stop and check out the really cool work they did in the bar area, all put up by hand, super cool!I would say my only "complaint", if you even want to call it that, is that most of the food was on the verge of a little bland.  I'm not a huge fan of using salt, in fact, when in restaurants I don't ever use the stuff, but this particular night I though everything i tried could use just a touch, not much though, of salt, and my companions, who are also not salt-ys felt the same way.However I would defiantly come back here, it's a fun place with good food.
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,5/14/2013,37,63,4,8,5>Highly disappointed. Not at the place, of course. At myself for not finding this place a heck of a lot sooner than I mistakenly did. I just got done with my shopping at Walmart and decided to see what else the strip mall had. A few stores that I expected and then bam! New York Bagels & Deli. A healthy amount of seats filled up with parents to grandparents lugging their children around. Businessmen and constructing workers grabbing a bite before their hour ends. And a good sized line that snaked around to the front of the store. I say wow. Considering the fact that I've been eating chain bagels for the past 6 months, I was ecstatic to see a local bagel shop that Cary-tons seem to flock to. Their bagels are doughy but fluffy. Soft but firm. And the size of your palm. Service is fast and you get a glimpse of their New York staff. It has a great atmosphere. I guess the bagels depend on your tastes. There's the classical Bruegger's vs Einstein debate. Nope. None of that here. You either know a New York style bagel or you don't. I know a lot of people say the yeasts are different compared to NY strains and blah blah blah. You can't get a good NY bagel in NC. Well, compared to other chains and attempts at NY bagels, they got it right and the bagels are delicious. There's a sense of family owned and operated right when you look at the staff and hear their conversations. They care about their quality and have consistency. I highly recommend this place if you're tired of the local chain bagel places.
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,5/13/2013,169,170,3,9,5>I've been working out with Trey (one of the personal trainers) for about 10 sessions so far and I've had a very positive experience (well, there was some muscle soreness but that was a good thing!). Maitland's Method might not be on your radar for personal fitness because it's not one of those big conglomerate gyms, but you should definitely consider it.Just to give you a summary:- This gym is primarily for personal training but you get access to some of the equipment as a regular client- They offer individual and partner training sessions (partner sessions are half the price which makes it very affordable)- Emphasis on strength and resistance training- Lots of very solid equipment and free weightsMaitland and his team have a long history of strength training -- check out the wall of bodybuilding trophies and photos when you walk through the entrance. Among their trainers are bodybuilding champions and an ex-NFL linesman. You don't need to be an aspiring bodybuilder to appreciate the workout routine. There's a diverse mix of clients -- men, women, young, and old. Each trainer follows Maitland's method (hence the name) which has been refined over many years. Still learning about the method but so far so good!The trainers help you throughout the routine, keep a log of your exercises, and help you build fitness plans (for inside and outside the gym). For someone like me that forgets to count reps, this place is a godsend. My workout has become much more focused and efficient. I use to be able to waste hours at the gym when I was younger but now I recognize the importance of getting the most out of the time as possible. The extra cost for personal training has been well worth it!Trey has been especially friendly and effective. At nearly 7' tall and built like a football player (no surprise he use to play for the Colts) he might seem a little intimidating but he's actually probably one of the nicest guys you will ever meet. The exercises have been safe and I've been able to blend my new routine with soccer and running. He's helping prepare me for a marathon and build muscle at the same time (which will hopefully help prevent injury).
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,5/12/2013,18,61,3,3,4>I've partaken in dance parties here, and from what I remember they were hilarious and awesome.  Not like a dance club on Glenwood, where you don't really dance but sort of pose to make yourself look good so you can pick up some guy  (gag me with a spoon).  The dancing here was DANCING.  Movement and sweat, as it should be.But what really makes this place great is the mix of people.  Fratty guys, hipster folks, regular old whatevers... seems like everyone is here and that's a-okay with me!On my last visit, the music at the beginning of the night was all star: late 90s/early 00s r&b and rap.  Everything a group of late 20/early 30 somethings want to hear to get pseudo nostalgic.  We rapped, we laughed, we drank.As the night progressed and the crowd grew (in size and inebriation) the music moved into more modern stuff.  That was our cue to leave this time, but had we all been in a different state, it may have made us move to the dance floor and groove.Table service is wonderful so you can skip the bar, and while it seems like there's just one person handling that at night, he was always there when we needed him, which is appreciated.  Keep those glasses full, good sir!Had the weather been nicer, we probably would have sat outside since getting outside drunk is always better than inside drunk.  It's great if you can score a table and relax.  I'd spend an entire night here if I had that going for me.Keep in mind that you have to walk up a huge flight of stairs to get to this bar, so it's best to do while sobes.  Stumbling down is easier than stumbling up, so just make the decision to start (and maybe end) your drinking shenanigans here.
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,5/11/2013,62,275,1,10,5>Raleigh has arrived, we have a veggie/vegan option for dinner. (Now if they would only open for lunch:)I normally won't review until I have eaten somewhere twice, particularly a new venue, but I am so impressed with what the folks at FK are doing I had to say something. Decor, nice, unassuming, come in jeans, barhoppin' finery, whatever. We came early (6 pm) on a frigid, drizzly Thursday. Place was a 1/3 full, but tables were full by the time we left around 7:15. Ordered the cornbread app to start, very nice, crispy and warm with a delish molasses drizzle. I had the fake chik'n & waffle offering. Spouse and I negotiated heatedly over that last couple of  mapely-buttery-salty bites. We lived in LA for 10 years, and know from meat substitute done right, and this is it. Yeah, it's that good.  He had the pulled pork , which was smoky, pork-like and gone in seconds. Really wanted to try the Tinga Tacos, those are up next. This is the kind of place that is so good that it  can convert a carnivore to veg, much like Native Foods in Irvine did for me a bazillion years ago.They should do some Happy Hour  special stuff to get that bar filled up once they get their game on, but honestly, for a place that opened up a few weeks ago, the service was pretty much flawless. Water flowed like, well, water. Plates were cleared promptly, one of the chefs unobtrusively asked how things were, so nice. It feels so great to support a labor of love like this. This place will bring veggies like us to DT Raleigh way more often for sure. xox
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,5/10/2013,89,410,1,10,1>With apologies to my husband, ever since I saw the sign for this place in the Steinmart shopping center (formerly Pulcinella's) I have been obsessing over wanting to try it. You see I am a transplanted (by choice) former Philadelphian and the thing I miss most is all my favorite foods. So after a particularly rough Monday at work my brain kept stating we should sneak off and try it and no one would be the wiser . Well as a true yelper I just can't leave without not posting my experience. The owner Anthony (also from Philadelphia) got tired of not finding his favorites here in Raleigh, so he is providing us with our food memories right here at his shop. With Philly cheesesteaks, tastycakes and soft pretzels flown in, I blew my diet to all my favorites. The cheesesteak is on Amoroso's  rolls- straight from Philly and cooked to order! Pretzels from the Philly pretzel factory and Nathan's hot dogs. All I can say is boy did I have a flashback to my old days. This guy does it right with the decor - Philadelphia phillies- tvs and a counter you order at. They do to go orders and there is seating.Come support this business! everything is fresh and to those of us looking for philly food- you will find it here.And finally to my hubby- yes I will go home and try to work these calories off.
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,5/9/2013,32,168,4,9,5>I was inspired to write a haiku:Pupusa!  Amor!Pork and cheese tucked in gentlyOozing with each biteYes, the pupusa here is heavenly.  So heavenly that I can't deduct any stars for the negatives: It's way out in the middle of nowhere, the grocery store is rather bare with little to offer other than soda and chips, the atmosphere is nonexistent (other than the guy yelling "GOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL" during a soccer match on TV), and there are crazy drivers on this part of Roxboro...a guy in a truck aggressively cut me off and almost turned me into a human pupusa.  No matter.  Eat a freshly handmade pupusa at this joint, and you will be transported to a happy place.
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,8/18/2014,315,293,2,6,4>I was debating whether or not to give Chuy's 3 or four stars, as I have some mixed feelings with the food, but over-all I would say this restaurant is a welcome addition to the North Hills area food scene. I came with some friends on a cold Friday night around 8:00 thinking the late-ish dining hour would mean most of the families were clearing out. I was wrong, as we were told an hour-and-a-half wait...Ugh! Fortunately we weren't picky and found some seats at the back bar area after about 30 minutes or so. The bartenders were busy as heck but were helpful in getting our drinks replenished and taking our food order. I thought the food took quite a while to come out, but that can probably be attributed to their new-ness and being crazy busy on a Friday night. I ordered the steak burrito, with Mexican rice and charro beans. The burrito was huge, with plenty of steak, but probably not the best I have in this area, which has some pretty impressive Mexican food. I would say the burrito itself was a little bland, but the verde salsa on the side added some much needed kick. I thought the rice and beans complimented the meal very well.I knew going in that Chuy's is a restaurant chain based in Austin, TX, so the funky décor and layout was pretty much expected (Keep Raleigh Weird?)The location of Chuy's is awesome with the back patio area opening up to the soon to open NH amphitheater area which will mean Chuy's will be a hot spot to eat Tex-Mex while listening to music in the warm weather months.
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,8/17/2014,23,131,1,8,8>Finally! A restaurant in Knightdale with REAL food! My dad and I work right down the street and were so excited to try it we came twice in one week.. Everything we ordered was delicious and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful.. Since it's only their first week in business I know they will get even better with time... Thank you for giving Knightdale the opportunity to eat some great good! I look forward to seeing you succeed
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,8/16/2014,64,264,1,9,5>Great place for a kid's haircut.I brought my 18-month old son here, and he really enjoyed the experience. He was very entertained by the car chair that honks and plays music, and even when the spritzers, clippers and blowers came out, he sat very still and didn't make a fuss...I think Miss Cindy has got quite the touch!For my son's first professional haircut, it couldn't get any better than this. They did a great job, and the Grand Opening price of $10 was just icing on the cake. I would definitely recommend this barbershop for children.
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,8/15/2014,69,57,1,4,5>I like the beer here and the service. You can meet the owner who is super nice and will talk to you about any beer in the place...he knows his beer! They also have a good selection of cider which is exciting because not many places do. It's in a convenient location and very low-key. I love the openess of the garage door too!
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,8/14/2014,36,156,3,6,4>YUMMM!My husband and I wanted to try a new Indian place so we turned to Yelp and Swad had the highest rating so that is where we headed.Good:FOOD!  We did the lunch buffet and it was only $10 a person.  (Please do not raise your price for this!).  It was worth every penny.  The selection was not large but they had everything we like at an Indian buffet and all of it was so good.  Only 2 meat dishes and that was fine by us.The rice pudding and honey balls were outstanding.  Even the tray of fruit that all buffets seem to have was not canned, it was fresh pineapple.Clean, simple decor.Bad:Took a while for someone to come seat us.  Drinks were empty a couple of times and we were half way done eating before the naan made it to the table.The taste of the food was so good I did not even take a star off for the bad items.
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,8/13/2014,10,296,2,6,9>After a meal at Bosphorus I feel healthier and stuffed.  The host/server/manager that is always there deserves an award for best service in the Triangle - it is always busy yet he is always graciously welcoming and I wonder if he has one of those memories that he remembers everyone after one time - it's amazing what he seems to remember about us.There's not much else to say that hasn't already been said so I challenged myself to write a few haikus on some of my favorite Bosphorus offerings:Meze Platter:Bright colors aroundIncredibly fresh flavorsMid East in your mouthA haiku about their baklava:Sweet luscious with crunchPistachios and fresh whipBaklava for 2My husband and I usually start with the Meze Platter, share an entree (our favorite is the kafta kebab), and end with Turkish tea and baklava.A couple times there has been a line out the door and we have waited 10-15 minutes to be seated.  I think they take reservations so if you don't want to wait you may want to call ahead.
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,8/12/2014,12,80,5,9,4>This place was recommended by some of our dear friends so we all met up for a date night. First off I love the atmosphere of this restaurant. It was not too dark with cool blues and neutrals. It was very relaxing. I loved the light fixtures. In fact if I could have sneaked one out I would have. I also love that the music volume was not super loud. We could have conversation with our dinner mates and hear each other comfortable. I felt like we were hanging out at beachy environment. Service was excellent. Our server, LJ,  was well informed and quick with great suggestions. Ask for her. She was energetic and wonderful to talk with.  Also I love when servers are so fast that you have a hard time catching them bringing you drink refills. I noticed that all the wait staff seemed to on point. I also appreciated that the owner was out making rounds at the tables. We spoke with him several times. He made sure that everything was to our liking. A+++ service!!When we arrived we were served salsa and blue corn tortillas. The salsa was great. Not watery and slightly chunky. I also tried some of the roasted corn guacamole. Yum-o. I hate when you get guacamole and it taste like bland mashed up avocados. This was flavorful and a decent size portion. For apps, I tried the calamari. It was lightly breaded and cooked perfectly. I really liked the dipping sauce that came with them. Slightly sweet with just the right amount of kick. For dinner I had the Adobe Carnitas tacos. They were excellent. It comes with two tacos and cilantro rice on the side. For being two tacos, it was a huge portion. They were stuffed full of all kinds of goodness. I really liked the Carnitas. They had a hint of cinnamon to them that was outstanding. Also I ate all of my rice. That usually does not happen because I am not a huge rice fan but the cilantro rice was really good. It had a pico de gallo scattered on the top. You can tell that they use fresh ingredients and take pride in their food. The best thing of the night was dessert. I was excited to hear that the head chef had a background in pastry. Being a former pastry chef myself I am hard to impress. Everyone must run to Salt and Lime now and have the Kahlua flan. Oh My Word!! I could eat it everyday and be perfectly happy for the rest of my life. It is everything that flan should be. Creamy and dense and smooth all at once. And it comes with a coffee caramel sauce and espresso shortbread cookies. Yum! Yum! and more Yum! My husband only got one bite of my flan and then I didn't share the rest. My husband had the tres leche cake. It came with whip cream, tequila apples and coconut ice cream. Once again this was a 5 star dessert. The cake was moist and delicious. I really liked the addition of the apples. It was a variation on what is traditionally berries. Nice change of pace. However the star on the plate was the coconut ice cream. Even if you don't like coconut you will like this ice cream. It is housemade and was well made. Creamy and smooth and no ice crystals. YAY!!  My husband and I don't drink but it looked like there were plenty of interesting drinks to be had. I think there would be something for everyone. Will we go back to Salt and Lime? You betcha and I will be saving room for dessert. I suggest that you do the same and make sure you save room for dessert or you can leave all the flan for me. I would be ok with that!
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,8/11/2014,27,90,1,5,3>We finally checked out Patrick Jane's after following them on social media for a few weeks. It was a Saturday afternoon just before noon, and we walked into an empty restaurant. Now, this isn't something to necessarily be concerned about, but it did give us slight pause. Nevertheless, the hostess greeted and seated us. Our server came over, as we were fairly confused on the process, since we saw slices available up in the front, a space for a line to form, multiple employees staged strategically around. She gave us the general gist of how Patrick Jane's operates: the option to order by the slice or to order off the menu. Similar to other reviewers, I would say there needs to be even more clear, whether through signage, etc. But, on to the food, which was quite good! We ordered a medium 1/2 vegan supreme and 1/2 white pie (yes, quite the juxtaposition). The pizza was VERY thin crust, nicely crisped, with abundant toppings. The vegetables atop the vegan supreme were cooked well and had both great texture and taste. No rubber mushrooms (that has to be the ultimate worst)! My partner loved the white pizza.The meal was great. The service was ok - I felt that our server could have been more attentive and clearer on explaining the procedure. Even though the pizza was thin crust, I found a medium split between two of us to be very filling. For high-quality pizza to eat-in or to-go, I would recommend Patrick Jane's to anyone who ends up in that part of Cary!
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,8/10/2014,168,723,3,5,2>Had been wanting to try this place for some time.  Went for Sunday lunch during Memorial Day weekend, so there was no waiting for a table.Looked at the menu and the many burger options, and one immediately caught my attention - Bacon Burger on Steroids.  Knew I had to try it.  Bacon salt, bacon mayo, and a total of SIX pieces of bacon (two different types) on top of the burger.  OH MY GOODNESS.  It was awesome!The burger menu shows several burger creations, but also gives you the option of creating your own, including choosing if you want the burger made of beef or several other meat options.It's not inexpensive, but it is a quality meal for the price.
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,8/9/2014,100,280,3,12,4>Their brunch is so much better now.  They seem to be better organized/well-run and the waiter was very attentive.  My coffee was constantly refilled (thank you!) and he came to check in us at comfortable intervals.I got the french toast and it's different from the bread-pudding like french toast they had a few years back.  It's normal french toast with a delicious whipped butter topping and real maple syrup in a cute baby-sized jug on the side.  My friend got their beef brisket and he ate the whole thing and said it was delicious.  My boyfriend got the NC crab benedict and it had lots of crab, kale (delicious & creative!), and eggs poached just right.Overall, the focus was clearly on North Carolina/fine Southern dining.  It's like Acme, except better.  Every time I go to Acme, the food is mediocre and the service is bad.  Piedmont does the food delicious and the service great!  Four stars as I have not been there for dinner and only this recent brunch!
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,12/24/2011,73,116,,4,4>Stopped in to grab some dinner and a cold beer before calling it a night . so i go in and the place is spotless and very spacious always a plus,  i give the menu a once over and just decide to go for the especial de hoy or special of the day. Which was enchiladas de pollo( chicken Enchiladas)  and it came with all the classics like bean & rice, and lettuce ,tomato, and onions. the whole thing was as they say "TO DIE FOR". and to drink what else a corona i mean i don't want to get any dirty looks for drinking American beer in a Mexican restaurant.all in all a great spot im glad i tried and am now passing it on to you yelpers with a love for  authentic Mexican
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2011,12/23/2011,127,386,4,6,6>I absolutely love Maple View ice cream.  The ice cream is nice and creamy, and it tastes so fresh - you can practically see the cows that help make this ice cream from the storefront.  The waffle cones are great, and the ice cream flavors are extensive.  I'm a sucker for chocolate chip cookie dough, but their Honey Toasted Almond, Peach, and Carolina Crunch flavors are also quite good.  They also have the standard flavors, which don't fail to satisfy.There are rocking chairs on their front porch where you can enjoy your treat with a gorgeous view of the surrounding farm land.  It's well worth the trek out there (which actually isn't that far from downtown Chapel Hill / Carrboro).In my opinion, this is THE place to go for ice cream in the Chapel Hill area.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,12/22/2011,69,172,,6,5>Wow, I am a huge fan of Buku. I've always wanted to come here, and after missing the Yelp Elite event in March, it was a must. I made reservations for Mother's Day and they were having a special brunch buffet. First of all, the place is stunning. Really awesome decor and beautiful bar with water wall. I was a little worried about what the buffet might be like, but the food was top-notch, high quality. There were made-to-order waffles, omelet station, carving station, pastries, salads, deviled eggs (delicious!), fruit, and so much else. The sticky buns were AMAZING. Guys, I had two waffles! We spent a lovely two hours just eating, talking, drinking and having a wonderful time. My Mom and Mother-In-Law both loved it and I was really happy with my choice. Apparently, they are looking to make the brunch buffet a regular Sunday thing. I did sort of think, however, that at $19.95 a person, coffee, or at least one non-alcoholic beverage should have been included.Our server was super-friendly, patient and attentive. I'm excited to go back for a regular served meal, and I'm sure subsequent visits will follow!
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2011,12/21/2011,346,337,3,14,8>Mantra: Creating A Transformation In Downtown Dining Visit: September 17R-Line Stop: R6 or R7Downtown Raleigh is a mecca for ethnic food and the city is attracting more and more culinary delights. The newest ethnic food to make a big splash in the downtown gourmet scene is Mantra Indian Cuisine & Bar. My husband, Andy, and I had the privilege to attend a special tasting event at Mantra last night. "WOW" is the first way I would describe the whole dining experience. I know that is not very eloquent so hopefully I can expand on that one word epithet.Let's start at the beginning. When I walked up the first step to the patio balcony of the restaurant, I was greeted by red painted concrete. So immediately I knew that things were going to be different from the businesses of Blue Martini, Vintage, and The Martini that previously occupied this space. There was a sign in the door of old main entrance directing us to the set of doors at the other end of the balcony. When I entered through this new entrance, I was astounded by the transformation. I was surprised how different the space looked. The remodel is very attractive with a modern elegance while maintaining a comfortable atmosphere. There is a stunning hand carved wooden sculpture in the entrance that provides a wall from the arriving guests and 1 of the 3 dining areas of the restaurant. The floors are a vibrant  red with a high gloss finish and the walls are a warm chocolate brown. There is a chef's table and a third dining area located along the West Street side of the restaurant. According to Jordan, the kitchen was bumped out to make it larger to accommodate the expanded dining. The bar is in the same spot but it is redecorated with beautiful wood planks.We had the pleasure of meeting the chef/co-owner Gamer Rawat and his lovely wife and children. It was obvious how much work and effort they have invested and their excitement for their new business was infectious. Our group was seated in the first dining area and we were served a paper-thin bread/cracker with 4 dipping sauces. One was mint but had a strong cilantro flavor. It resembled a chimichurri sauce while our friend thought it was similar to a pesto. The other 3 sauces were mango, a tamarind, and a yogurt based one. All tasted delicious. Then Chef Rawat treated us to 4 appetizers. All the guests were oohhing and aahhing over all the delectable dishes. My favorite was the Subz Hara Galauti which were patties made from chopped fresh vegetables and spinach. This appetizer had several spices that really made this dish special. I couldn't identify the individual spices but the combination of them made the fresh vegetable patties very appealing. My second favorite was the Tandoori Paneer Tikka, which was cubes of Indian cheese cooked in the tandoori clay oven and then grilled and served with red bell peppers. The server described this dish as a type of cheese like cottage cheese. Well, I don't like cottage cheese so I almost didn't try it. But I'm glad I was bold and tried a bite because it was delicious. None of the appetizers were spicy hot but all had many layers of flavor.Chef Rawat selected 7 entrees for our group to taste. I immensely enjoyed every single dish. However, my favorites were Daal Mantra, Lamb Shank Maharani, and Tandoori Sea Bass. The Daal Mantra was a traditional black lentils, chickpeas, and kidney beans cooked slowly with garlic, ginger, and yogurt. I just loved all the various flavors in this dish and the subtle hotness. It paired extremely well with the freshly baked Naan bread. The lamb was incredibly tender. It fell of the bone. The sauce for the lamb contained star anise, bay leaves, and dark rum. It was so good that I wanted to spoon up all of it and leave none behind. I'm a big fan of sea bass and generally go for dishes with sea bass. Consequently, I've eaten a lot of sea bass. Well, Mantra's Tandoori Sea Bass is the best I have had! It was difficult eating the fish with a fork because it fell apart due to being so moist and flaky. The fish was a little salty which I favored. The wonderful multi-layered flavors of the sauce made from sour cream, ginger, mint, and garlic was a great compliment to the saltiness. Lastly our amazing meal ended on a sweet note with a pistachio sorbet served in this interesting white dish-bowl that our server said the chef "just had to have". Chef Rawat expects to open the doors by September 23. Don't wait and immediately visit this restaurant with an array of traditional and contemporary Indian dishes.
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2010,12/20/2011,194,183,,13,6>Located in the corner of an unassuming shopping center with a Lowe's, Thai Spices and Sushi has wow-ed us both times we've been here.  The first time, I thought maybe this was a fluke or I was just exceptionally hungry.  But after the second wow-ing, I knew this place is a keeper.I got the udon phad khee mao.  I was very wary of getting sauteed udon noodles since they tend  to get very dry or sticky if not done properly, but this dish was prepared perfectly.  The noodles were chewy without being sticky.  The dish was just the right amount of sauciness.My friend had trouble deciding what to order so we consulted our waiter.  He recommended the pad prik khing, which we'd never had before.  It was amazing.  Warning: "medium" level of spicy is actually pretty hot.
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,12/19/2011,611,755,13,13,8>After the Yelp Elite event at Vivace, I promised myself I'd be back for a full meal.  Luck would have it that I came back for a date a month or so later, cougars be damned!  As much as I like what they've done with Vivace's interior, you know the action is on the patio so we grabbed a table by the sidewalk.  Service at Vivace is VERY good, they provide enough service to be attentive without being intrusive.  I ordered a fried zucchini app along with the meatball pizza.  While the zucchini was sort of meh, Vivace does do a great, brick-oven pie.  It's nearly cracker like (matzoh-like?) with some snap and they use high quality toppings (fresh mozzarella, meatball and sliced peppers).  With a tangy sauce, the pizza is a great deal at Vivace.  Toss in a couple of beers, a warm night and I was a happy camper!  Given that Vivace is part of the Urban Food group, the bar is set pretty high for me. So what can I say but I avoided Vivace for years but glad I gave it a chance.  While I'm really not into the N. Hills crowd, let's just say the people-watching was a lot of fun, especially if you like silicone and spray tans.  But I'm all about the food and service and Vivace delivers there.  So yes, I'll be back at Vivace but you still gotta watch out for those cougars, mrrawwr!
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2011,12/18/2011,199,740,5,7,7>Moms had a coupon for this place and had already eaten here so she invited me and hubs to join her and dad for dinner. I LOVE mexican so I was very leery of trying something other than my fave spots but I do what I do to please the parents when they are paying. :)Hubs asked if we needed to partake on some Mary Jane puffs prior to going in, hence "Munchies" , but I told him I was certain that had nothing to do with the name of the place. The place had a bistro sort of look, less mexican. It seemed more upscale from the looks of it, however, the prices were extremely affordable and the portions were huge!We started with the chips and salsa. The salsa is handmade every morning and was yum-o! For our meals, I got the chicken quesadilla with rice, hubs got the Enchiladas a la crema which were topped with a poblano sauce and served with rice and refried beans,  dad got the same as hubs, and moms got the chicken carnitas, which in my world looked just like fajitas everywhere else. Everyone LOVED their food. The chicken in my quesadilla was the most flavorful mexican chicken I had ever had! We all took to-go boxes home. The place really began to get packed out as we were leaving so you may want to call if you are going on a weekend. Not sure if they take reservations but it may be a good idea to try. So excited to have found this place and since it is in North Raleigh off of Durant, it is a short drive for us from Wake Forest. We will def be back!
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,12/17/2011,169,170,,13,5>I have never gotten a pair of jeans hemmed so I didn't know where to go for this type of work. My wife, who's more familiar with alterations, always goes to a place in Chapel Hill but I didn't want to travel that far. Due to some laziness, the jeans that I needed altered sat in my closet for about 6 months. I finally consulted Yelp and found a place close by. I was feeling adventurous so I picked a place with no reviews [on Yelp].Quick-Fix Tailors seemed like a good place. It was convenient and legit looking. When you walk in you'll see the counter with clothes behind it waiting for pickup. You'll also see a couple of stations with mirrors for taking measurements. I was quickly instructed to put the jeans on and brought to one of the mirrors. The jeans were pinned to find the right height. Everything was done very courteously and quickly.I was told that the jeans would be ready in 3 days and that they'd text me when they were ready. I actually got that text message the next day so they were quicker than I expected. When I picked up the jeans I tried them on and they fit perfectly so I was a happy customer; all for under $10.I can't vouch for their other services (such as dry cleaning) but they do hem jeans quite well. The staff members are professional and friendly. Next time I won't wait so long to get my jeans hemmed.
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2011,12/16/2011,135,254,4,13,7>"Great new sweet bakery shop in Durham!"The downtown Durham area is truly booming and becoming a "destination" for the broader area.  This new bakery offering is immediately adjacent to the Piedmont and very close to the Farmers Market.  The Daisy Cakes food truck is well known, but I appreciate having a brick & mortar place with known location and indoor seating, especially on cool or rainy days.It is reminiscent of Scratch (as Christina G notes), though much brighter inside.  The store offers a broad selection of sweets, ranging from cupcakes (duh!) to bread pudding, coffee cake, scones, etc.  They regularly have samples of a few of the sweets out to try.  What I especially liked seeing was also some savory sandwich options (see menu picture).  There's not a ton of seating, but it's comfortable, and there's a pitcher of water for people to help themselves.I promise I'm not stalking Christina G, but I did happen to go there the same day as her for lunch (though we didn't overlap).   I even ordered the same sandwich: the fennel, leeks, pepper & pepperjack cheese sandwich-- very flavorful, though more "wet" than I would have anticipated, making for a bit of a (delicious) mess to eat.  I thought the price ($7) was a tiny bit high for a single sandwich with a very small helping of vegetables, but the quality was very high so I didn't mind.Returned the next day to try the sweets with my kids.  The coffee cake was outstanding (flavorful & sweet without being "straight sugar") and extraordinarily cheap-- huge helping for under $2.  My son had the cinnamon roll and devoured it in seconds.Customer service was both prompt and helpful in each visit.Overall, this is an outstanding new offering in town.  I'm at the 4-5 star border on this one...
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2011,12/15/2011,22,106,,8,4>It was cold and rainy, perfect weather for some French Onion Soup and a bottle of wine.  So, the boyfriend and I headed out to Saint Jacques after reading the glowing Yelp reviews.  I was wearing black and the server brought me a black linen to replace the white one, which was awesome.  The soup was awesome and exactly what I wanted.  We also got the blue cheese delicacy, which was also a hit.  We couldn't help ourselves and also ordered a third appetizer, the gnocchi.  It was clearly fresh and was delicious, probably better than any other gnocchi I've had in the Triangle.  Unfortunately, our food high came down when we got our entrees.  Still tasty, but less worthy of praise than our apps.  My man got the scallops and I got the chicken... both good, but nothing to compare to the soup and blue cheese.  Next time, we're sticking to small plates and going tapas style.
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,11/3/2012,68,214,2,5,1>Neato! Loved the downstairs vibe with a dark and mysterious interior, rocking live Jazz band, and general Speakeasy feel. Interesting, handmade cocktails that make you feel like you're treating yourself. My mint julep as well as the other drinks at our table were all super strong and required very slow sipping...good times! Very fun watching the servers make each cocktail by hand - no pre-mixes! Great for a post-dinner drink and chilling with your buddies. Wouldn't recommend coming here with someone you expected to catch up with since it's crazy loud. Overall, really neat place.
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,11/2/2012,109,358,3,3,4>Two cats live here! So obviously I was destined to go inside. The owner was super helpful in pointing out the section where I was looking for a yoga book. I was so surprised the store goes on for forever. It is a great selection and has a large rare book section in front for the collector. It is a great environment in here and I felt super relaxed. I also had a cat come hang out with me while browsing so really, what else is there to say. I know you have already left your house.
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,11/1/2012,174,1518,,8,3>My wife and I ate here for her birthday a few nights ago. Overall, this restaurant is carefully conceived and executed. The rest depends on your personal taste.We arrived at a good time with no reservation, and there was a table in the bar area open. The bar area soon became pretty crowded, so we considered ourselves lucky. The bar area was a little dimmer and louder than the front section, which felt more quiet and restaurant-yWe started with drinks, and ordered some cocktails: the Hibiscus Petal and the Junebug. The former was very strong and tasty, the latter was very sweet and snuck up on you.We then moved to appetizers: crab cakes (special) and salt and pepper shrimp. The catch with the shrimp is they leave the shells on, which no one is used to, and I don't think I could ever get used to. I understand that the shell is meant to stay on for texture, and the seasonings crusted to the shell better for added flavor, but I did not enjoy laboring through shrimp shells very much. The fried jalapeno was good and the fried cilantro was fascinating and mild. The crab cakes with pickled veggies with a very good red sauce was much much better. For our entrees my wife ordered seafood hotpot, which she thoroughly enjoyed, and I ordered the pork shoulder, which was also very, very good. The only catch to the meal was that I had to prepare my own herbs, e.g. the basil, mint and cilantro on top of preparing my own pork shoulder salad wrap. This made the meal a bit of a chore and slowed me down a little, which is okay, as I am an incredibly fast eater. Just know that if you are getting the pork shoulder you will have to earn your meal and it's a little messy.We ended up sharing the chocolate cake with strawberry ice cream, which was divine, both hot and cold. It may have been the best thing about the meal.Our service was very, very good as well. This is just a great restaurant, and I can understand that it is rated very highly. Everything is well-thought and every flavor of the meal is carefully balanced and considered. The lack of 5 stars for me is probably due to the fact that Asion fusion simply isn't my taste. But I know you won't let lil' ol' me stop you. ;)
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,10/31/2012,37,152,,9,4>Immediately upon arrival, the first thing you'd notice is the country ambiance that seems a bit more spacious than initially perceived. The restaurant is situated on the corner end of a strip and unlike the opposite end, where the noise and party-atmosphere is distracting, Little Hen is a quiet and cozy dining experience. For some, it may be off-putting to sit in such close proximity to other diners, but my wife and I found out that it actually heightened our experience. As we sat down and began perusing the menu to order, we could see and smell the culinary goodness being served all around us - without awkwardly or embarrassingly being caught staring. During the course of our meal, as we began our appetizers, the couple immediately to our left began their dessert and the gentleman turned to me and lauded the its deliciousness. The spontaneous conversation was just between diners, but from the waitstaff to the owner, all who we encountered were amicable, warm and friendly. Each and every one of them greeted, served and conversed with us openly and unrushed throughout our dining experience. They exuded patience in describing and answering our questions - not only that, but they seemed to truly encourage and enjoy it.The food was outstanding and the freshness, locally-sourced products was made with care. Check out some of my photos of the food from this evening. Definitely a small-town jewel, I'm keeping track of Little Hen and we'll be returning again...and again...
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,10/30/2012,67,240,,10,5>UNC's Carolina North Forest offers a tranquil reprieve from the hustle and bustle of the two towns it is sandwiched between, Chapel Hill and Carrboro. The Forest itself is a bit less crowded than are some other local hiking or biking spots, and it offers a respectable amount of both double and single track trails (some sites note that you could mountain bike 20 miles within the trail system here). Regardless of the exact amount of mileage that this forest boasts, the trails are largely technical in nature with roots, rocks, drop offs, etc. So whether you are running, hiking, or riding your bike, you had better be paying attention! (and watch out when your weary feet aren't clearing roots like they were at the beginning of your run or hike) The trails are largely well maintained, but are clearly subject to erosion from heavy rain falls and the like. Though the trails are also relatively well marked, there are a ton of different routes and loops offered so it's probably best to print out and bring a trail map when you visit. The inaugural "Race to Sustainability 6k" trail run was recently held at this site, and the forest provided a perfect venue for a trail run. Hopefully, this event shall become a yearly tradition. Regardless, I know I'll be looking to visit Carolina North more regularly!
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,10/29/2012,289,148,6,7,7>Watts! How is it possible that I have lived in Durham for nearly a year and I am just now visiting you? Number one, what a great vibe this place has. Good lighting, good flow of seating, great food, and amazing service. My lovely date and I shared these items:Southwestern Churros: Little cinnamon doughnuts with dark chocolate sauceBill Neal's Shrimp and Grits with bacon, green onions, and mushroomsHouse cured Bacon with a fried egg and Pimento CornbreadI have to say, I am a salt person, and everything I ate today was so perfectly seasoned and layered, I didn't even glance at the salt shaker. Amazing job, Watts. I am one picky foodie, you have pumped new blood into my Durham dining veins.P.S. I tried very hard to take a photo of the churros but none of them looked appetizing, honest, they just looked like poop logs with poop dipping sauce. Frowny face.
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,10/28/2012,198,565,6,30,14>Every once in a while there comes a place that generate hype on its name alone, even though one has absolutely no idea what it actually is. "Bida Manda," what is this place about?I happened to have stepped inside during the opening Wednesday night to make a reservation, and what I saw was truly impressive. Instead of forcing a traditional aesthetic, the folks at Bida Manda translated their personalities into its look, Laotian essence on the inside, modern yet simplistic looks all around. The tables and chairs reminded me of street food places back home. This space says they are as much Raleigh as they are Laos.Without further gilding the lilies, lets move on to the real juicy stuffs:~Small Plates~1. Tom Yum Goong - less on tamarind taste, so it was like a lite hot & sour soup, with shrimps and mushrooms2. Fresh Summer Rolls - at first it looked like a sushi roll, but upon closer look, and taste, it's just (rice wrapper) roll, wrapped and cut in sections. side with good sesame sauce with peanut, and tad fish sauce3. Roasted Anaheim Pepper - stuffed with Lao herb sausage; the delicious aroma will hit your nose long before the appetizer ever reach your table and into your mouth. Smelled so good, and taste so good.4. Tuna Ceviche - tuna, diced and minced, blended with herbs, filled tiny baked rice paper bowl (like one of those Tostitos scoops.) Can I emphasize on TINY? Decent flavor though.~Main Courses~1. Thum Mark Houng - green papaya salad (w/ grilled duck breast) - I got my duck "medium," but it actually come out pink, which is great for me because that was exactly how I like it2. Salad Luang Prabang - watercress salad - the tempura eggplant is actually light on taste; actually, if the batter is seasoned a little bit more, it would have been perfect3. Nam Leoung - Saffron crepe - I got the one with shrimp & bacon (?) and my table mates got the vegetable one. Both were great. If I have to be real picky on it... maybe it was a bit oily, although with all the fresh cucumber and veggie on the side it totally balanced out.4. Thom Khem - caramelized ginger pork rib - good cut of rib meat, flavored well with tangy soy sauce glaze, with strips of crispy ginger on top. Not with sticky rice but jasmin rice, with side of broth boiled eggs, halved. No joke, everyone at the table tonight said this taste exactly like home, exactly like how our moms would make it. 5. Kali Kai Mae - chicken curry - filled with meat and lots veggies, poured over jasmin rice. Heavy on coconut cream, so it's a bit sweet on my palate.(P.S. They also serve Pho on the menu. I did not get it tonight. But I will when I return for lunch, which shall be soon)~Desserts & Drinks~1. Trio Plate - apricot-tamarind cobbler, coconut custard crisp, mango sorbet - all were pretty good, especially with optional chocolate dipping sauce on the side.2. Witbier flip - cognac, lemon juice, simple syrup, whole egg, Big Boss Blanco Diablo - taste very seasonal, but not tropical. Very light.3. Ginger Julep - Woah! talked about a strong drink! I need to find out what kind of bourbon the bartender uses!By the way, when I saw Sazerac on the bar menu I was already quite curious. "I hardly seen Sazerac around here... although I have repeated ask for this from Fox... Could it be?" I was surprised, and excited, to see Bida Manda had acquired the local cocktail mixologist extraordinaire Jordan Hester to man the bar. The service from when we walked in to confirm reservation, to be seated, all the way through to our drinks and all the courses of the meal arrived at the table, was well timed. We had chance to discuss our thoughts on each dish as we were finishing them. I think we all have agreed if we leave this place tonight with fish sauce on the breath, which we did, then we deem it satisfactory. Top notch delivery. Very impressed.Within two visits, not only did they already remembered my face and my name, we also had a nice chat with both of the sibling entrepreneurs. They are very pleasant, and can hold a conversation, make it a superb dining experience.
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,10/27/2012,67,201,,6,2>I was a bit apprehensive before our visit.  A Friday night with 2 small children, and the restaurant is fairly new, and the weather virtually guarantees a packed house. Any problems this place has will be amplified, and our 'fun night' will be ruined.Not to spoil the surprise for you (4 stars), but Ruckus turned out to be a great place. Upon arrival we were told no tables available outside, but one of the hostesses intervened and turned a table for us immediately. A nice start.The menu is huge. Pizza, sandwiches, salads, sushi, pasta - a lot to take in. We went with pizza and chicken nuggets for the kids, pasta in a white whine/butter sauce for me, and a chicken sandwich for the missus.Food was served in a decent amount of time - maybe a half-heartbeat later than we wanted, but not anything to complain about.Our drinks were great. My dirty martini was super-dirty, but I didn't order it that way. My wife had a Blue Moon. I noticed they had several Aviator beers on tap - major bonus brownie points from this beer snob.My pasta was maybe just a touch too much sauce. I was aiming for something on the healthy side, but wasn't in the mood for a salad. It was good, but I think next time I'll try the sushi.The kids food was a hit, and the guac that came with my wife's chips was pretty good.Not once, but twice did the GM (owner?) stop by to make sure we were taken care of. I saw him expedite 2 other issues for customers - he was really on the ball.There was a cornhole setup outside, and the kids were enthralled by the game. Apparently they have live music too, but we left way too early for that.On our way out noticed the servers were grabbing drinks for folks outside waiting for tables. How nice is that?This new shopping center in Morrisville is really shaping up nicely!
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,10/26/2012,168,723,3,6,3>I somehow overlooked reviewing a place I have been going to for years for my haircuts.Salon 101 is home to many stylists and a very loyal customer base.  Nice decor and well arranged that you don't feel that every other person in the place has a vantage point while you are having you hair cut/colored/set or whatever. Men and women clients are both welcomed here.Trenda is my stylist.  Poor thing has had to endure me and my greying head for years.  She is bubbly, friendly, and a little bit crazy, but she always helps me look as good everytime.If you are looking for the latest trendy salon with the young and fashionably hip stylists, you won't like this place.  However if you want excellent quality and a reliable and friendly staff, you will be pleased with Salon 101
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,10/25/2012,175,190,1,11,4>Brit and I were heading to the Florence and the Machine concert and needed a place to grab some good food prior. I've been following Mandolin on twitter snice before it opened, and finally the opportunity presented itself to stop by and grab a meal.I made reservations on Opentable, and arrived promptly at my scheduled time.They have complimentary valet, but the parking lot next door was empty so I self-parked.  Upon entering the restaurant we weregreeted by a very bubbly and vivacious hostess.  The restaurant is open with a lot of rustic wood slats paneling key walls.  Next to the hostess stand is what I refer to as "The Wall of Pickling".  You name the veg it was in a jar in what I can only assume was a pickling brine.  We were seated and informed that we should situate ourselves for their "dinner and a show".  On display in front of us from waist height above were the 6 chefs in the kitchen.  There was a caller, an expo, two working the stove, two working the cold and a couple floating around helping on apps or desserts.  A well run, meticulous kitchen.  I was quite pleased to see everyone of the cooks and chefs tasting what they were making.  We started with a couple of cocktails.  I saw a Pimm's cup on the menu and immediately opted for that.  As it is still in the throes of summer/fall I wanted a nice refreshign glass of spring.  Heh.  Brit had their pink stinger, and it was a tequila drink with blood orange and jalapeno juice.  She liked it so much I believe she had three throughout the night.  I enjoyed one more Pimm's before asking for the wine steward.  Brit ordered the kale salad and I ordered their panzanella.  It's tough to present well when it comes to salads, but both of ours looked like each leaf, each vegetable was laid on the plate precisely.  Brit thoroughly enjoyed her kale salad, and I was pleasantly surprised to find the panzanella was crispy.  Most panzanellas, mine included get 'wet bread' syndrome.  Some people like that, howveer the textural contrast of this one made me rethink my own offering.  The bits of bread were hand torn, and toasted to give a hard crunch to the greens offered.  The thick pickles of which I wish there were more of went great with the beets.  The dressing was present but not overpowering.Having started relatively healthy, I wanted to try something different and most definitley not calorically concsious.  I opted for the special of the night which was the veal cheeks on a potato and some luxurious cheese gratin and some sprigs of "asper-grass" .  Succulent and unctuous cheeks, fork tender and so deep in flavor were complimented well with the thick but yielding gratin. The wine steward paired an excellent, deep tannic red with bold flavors with my meal, and they went together quite well.  Brit had the arctic char with fried quinoa and a few other things.  I can't quite recall as I was engrossed in savoring my meal.  We ended the night with a pot of coffee for me, and splitting their fig pudding.  Sliced fig over a light pudding.  The only miss for the night was the cake that was at the bottom of the bowl.  It was a bit dry for my liking, but I understand the need to have soemthing like that holding up against a near liquid in the bowl. our server Megan was attentive and knowledgeable.  The entire staff was professional and courteous.  Mandolin is a great place and I can't wait for another excuse to stop on by.
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,2/23/2013,46,89,4,13,5>Before I even go into how AWESOME this place is, let me be the first to dispel the myth that if you buy your spices here, you'll be paying more....SOOOO NOT TRUE!  I did a price comparison, for the same spices at the grocery store vs Savory Spice, I bought 7 spices total (1 ounce each, which is almost 6 TBSP of each spice (salt will be less than that b/c it's heavier, and dried spices, like parsley will be way more than that since they're so lite.) and only spent $15, at the grocery it was going to be over $40....HOLY COW!  Hands down I know where i'm coming next time i need more spices! (P.S. before anyone calls FOUL! on my review, I have also posted this review under the charlotte location, b/c i have had the same EXCELLENT experience in both locations!)The advantages to using savory spice over the grocery?!1. Spices are fresh, and freshly mixed and ground.2.  You pick how much you want (as little as 1/2 ounce and up).  Some spices I will only use once when experimenting with a dish, so why buy a bottle when all i need is a teaspoon?  (Contrary to popular belief, spices CAN NOT sit on your shelf for years on end and maintain their level of potency.  It's better to buy smaller amounts, it will make your recipes taste better when you have fresh spices.)3.  VARIETY!-I am making Chicken Tikka Masala, one of the components is Cinnamon, why settle for the kind you can buy at the grocery, when you can come here and pick from 5 different kinds?!  How cool is that?4.  Every container has the name and description of the spice.  It even gives you an idea of how to use it.5.  You can smell and taste every spice in there.  Grant it, I'm still learning the art of using more spices and less salt, so i don't quit know exactly what i'm doing just yet, however, knowing that that's an option in the future is super awesome.6.  Staff are exceptionally friendly, and knowledgeable.7.  They send your spices home with you in cute little bags (or a bottle if you desire), but they don't just sharpie the name on the bag, they have nice labels made up with the spice info on it, making it easy to remember what you have.If you are even a passive cooker, but like to use spices, GO HERE!  Excellent quality, and even better prices!  You can not beat that!
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,2/22/2013,160,383,,9,7>A taste of China without traveling 7,000 miles! Oh my this place was GREAT! Bubble teas, dim sum, roasted pork and ducks, SO GOOD! We sampled a LOT of good food here and it was so worth it - everything was DELICIOUS! It was fresh, authentic and tasty! They were so nice here as well - those who spoke English, and those whom did not :) Don't be afraid, jump out of your comfort zone and enjoy some delicious food! The desserts are incredible, the food, everything! Enjoy it all!!In addition, there is a great market with the food (which I think is only available Friday - Sunday). The market has great (interesting) produce, fish, and other items from FAR east! Yummy! Enjoy!
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,2/21/2013,339,140,2,7,2>I usually order the Ringo burger. Yes it has mushrooms, with grilled onions, American & Havarti cheese. I'm also a fan of their onion rings and their sweet potato fries aren't bad either. Other folks in my group raved about the vegetarian Burning Down the House (Fried jalapenos with Cajun seasoning, Pepperjack & Chipotle Aioli) as well as the Helter Skelter (chicken strips in buffalo sauce). I tend to always end up here with a group (You're welcome Abbey Road) but serving groups is obviously not their strong suit. You'll have a wait with over 6 but I go there for the burgers and they get that right. I always call ahead but they usually seem understaffed.
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,2/20/2013,83,184,3,11,3>Carmike has a special $5.50 pricing for all showings between 4-5:30 PM everyday even for new releases!! There's really nothing that can beat that. Some of the screens/rooms feel a little smaller compared to the other theaters in the area, but when I don't feel like fighting crowds for seating and paying up the ass to see a movie, Carmike's my go to theater. Parking isn't ever an issue either. I hope they can stay open with the new theater opening the mall across the street, but somehow I feel it won't be the case which is going to be a huge shame :(
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,2/19/2013,11,54,10,12,9>I had two of the best dining experiences of my life during Christmas time at Fearrington House.  Seriously, both meals were absolutely perfect, totally eclipsing any dinner I've had a various Michelin-starred restaurants in recent memory.  I'll focus mainly on the dinner meal, and skip the details of our Christmas lunch.  The first course consisted of a wild game and peppercorn pate, with whipped foie gras and black currant.  Admittedly, I'm a sucker for fois gras, but I've never had it whipped.  Simply incredible; art on a plate, with all the flavors working in concert.  Next was the herb crusted lamb loin, which was cooked to absolute perfection.  Again, the dish looked incredibly complex, with lots of different and unique flavors to stimulate the palette.  My main course was a honey spiced duck breast, with red cabbage, mushrooms, blackberry, and turnip.  I don't know how I lived this long without having tasted duck and blackberry on the same plate.  Perfect combination.  Again, like fois, I'll eat pretty much anything if it has duck.  But, despite countless ducks that have hitherto perished only to find their way to my dinnerplate, this one was the best.  I'm not joking, this is the duck of which no greater can be conceived.  If Anselm were alive today, I'm sure this duck, and possibly all the other dishes taken as a whole, would have provided the inspiration for his ontological argument for the existence of God.  Too hyperbolic?  Maybe, but then again...Closing the meal was the chocolate souffle.  Pure decadence in a ramekin; I'm sure Nietzsche could write an entire polemic on it.All in all, I can't possibly think of anything that could have made the dinner better.  We were seated right by the fireplace, with a nice bottle of Sea Smoke Pinot Noir.  I suppose if Natalie Portman walked in and demanded that I marry her, then the evening would have been better, but only slightly...
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,2/18/2013,64,208,,10,9>What an awesome little hole-in-the-proverbial-Raleigh-wall restaurant! This nondescript hot dog bar is a throw back to the 60's with retro stools and a dusty neon sign in the window.  The faded Coca-Cola sign outside indicating "Hot Weiners" should entice anyone to pop in for an afternoon treat.  Apparently, hot dogs have been served in abundance since 1940 - as documented in the cement sidewalk outside the front door. The aluminum squeaky screen door reminds me of homes from the 70's... or those family run businesses on nearly every street corner in NYC!Upon arrival, you may feel like you're in a friend's living room transformed into makeshift hot dog stand.  One simple counter with 10 or so stools and 3 tables seating two is about all the room you can find.  But once seated, Mary and George will be happy to serve up those dogs speedy-quick.No french fries, no sides, not even a bag of chips (although you can get some baklava or rice krispie treats in saran wrap for dessert.)  What they offer is the basics: hot dogs with chili, slaw, onions and mustard.  Apparently ketchup is a blasphemy, so don't ask for it.  Cokes are served in glass bottles and a Budweiser is only $2.50.But those dogs are heavenly!  We splurged for Fosters beers at $3.50 a piece - what a combo!  The chili is scrumptious and apparently a 70 year old secret recipe.  Go ahead and ask for your dog all the way... splurge an extra quarter for the slaw... it's worth it!Bring cash.  No cards accepted.  Hours are only 11 am to 4, closed Sunday.This place was the most unique little spot we've found in Raleigh so far.  It's truly an unusual experience.  My daughter (who shockingly downed 3 hot dogs without a thought) insists that we visit again.  And so we shall.Thank you, Mary, for starting a 70 year old legend in Raleigh!
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2012,2/17/2013,611,755,7,12,7>Hipster.  Pizza.  That pretty much describes Pizzeria Toro!  The utilitarian interior showcases a large round metal pizza oven and open kitchen.  Rustic tables made of refurbished wood are lit up with bare light bulbs piped in overhead.  In the back, Pizzeria Toro has a nice little bar and TV, perfect for those long waits you'll probably have to deal with here!  I heard the owners hail from Brooklyn and the place has the look down pat.  But whattabout the food?  I did a pumpkin app and margherita pizza shared with the mouth of the south, Susan Z.  The pizza was nicely done, a bit crisp on the crust with a very simple but tasty tomato sauce and soft muzz melted atop.  They sprinkle flake salt on top which I'm not a huge fan of but the pizza pulls off the artisanal neapolitan genre pretty well.  The pumpkin app was decent but a bit soft, smoked in the wood oven and probably something I wouldn't order again.  But Pizzeria Toro is doing a fine job given how recently it's opened.  Think excellent pizza, craft beers with a bit of a price premium.  But hey you gotta pay for the good stuff, right?
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,2/16/2013,346,337,5,23,12>100% Vegetarian!Visit: January 11R-Line Stop: R12It's a new year and time for resolutions. If you have committed to eating healthier including reducing or eliminating meat, dairy, and/or gluten from your diet, then you have reason to celebrate the opening of The Fiction Kitchen. Even you, my 'Confirmed Carnivore' friends (that means you, Chip), will enjoy this new culinary gem in downtown Raleigh. It's not fiction; it's a true story...the food rocks!Andy and I heard the rumor that the Fiction Kitchen was open so we called after work on Friday night to confirm it's open before walking to the restaurant. Indeed it was open in the 'soft phase' but they had room for 2 more guests. Yeah! We arrived shortly before 7 pm and were seated at the bar next to 2 patrons that are also "JoJo Fans", an instructor at HEAT who is the best in town. We had a lot of fun sharing tips and views of DTR restaurants that have cuisine for vegetarians and vegans.Sarah, the bartender, went over the wine offerings by the glass since the beverage menu wasn't printed yet. She gave us a taste of 2 that interested us, which we enjoyed. The food menu is not extensive but is a diverse and imaginative selection of appetizers, soups & salads, entrees, and sides. As I mentioned previously, there is NO MEAT but providing protein in many forms of tofu. I'm not a big fan of tofu but when it's prepared in a certain way I truly enjoy it. And the Fiction Kitchen knows how to make it delicious! Grilled Romaine with goat cheese (make it vegan with cashew cheese).The salad consisted of subtly charred romaine with a light coating of caesar dressing topped with crumbles of creamy goat cheese, a smattering of candied pecans accompanied with a little pile of caramelized onions. Our friends mentioned the cashew cheese was amazing. I will try it next time. Wonderful combination of flavors: smoky, creamy, sweet, tangy, and nutty.Sweet Potato Sushi Rolls with Sashimi TofuThis dish was a work of art visually as well as for the taste buds. Beautiful and scrumptious! The little seared pieces of tofu were delicious...super fine, pleasing texture and fabulous flavor. The sauce drizzled on the rolls was a little too sweet for my preference.Tinga TacosThis was my favorite dish for several reasons. 1: It had a similar look, taste, and texture to 'pulled pork'. 2: I really liked the spicy chipotle accent...not enough heat to get you warm or make your lips tingle but added to the depth of flavor. 3. The seasonal slaw was fresh and crunchy. 4. The quinoa and black beans were awesome.The service was attentive and the wait staff was amiable and loquacious. Siobhan, a co-owner, came by to inquire how we liked the food. She was genuinely interested in our opinion. The Fiction Kitchen has a fun, casual, positive vibe and I can't wait to explore more of the menu.
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,2/15/2013,46,129,,7,2>I have ordered delivery many times from Vine. I just recently dined in for the first time. I love the quality of sushi that is offered at Vine. I eat mainly sashimi and Nigiri so quality of fish is extremely important. I have been very satisfied by the quality of the tuna and salmon here. They offer buy one get one on specialty rolls which is great but pretty common to this area. The more simple rolls are pretty cheap such a Philly Roll for $5. The Lobster Salad Sandwhich roll is great, as are the Sweetheart and rainbow roll. The lunch box combos are a good value as well. They come with 4 piece California roll, salad, rice and then your choice from a wide variety such as chicken tempura, Thai red curry shrimp, General Tso's etc. I know on a lazy Sunday in the very near future Vine will be delivering some delicious rolls, sashimi and seaweed salad to a house of recovering weekend warriors preparing for another week of work.
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,2/14/2013,37,158,1,5,8>A handful of friends of mine--incidentally, Chapel Hill natives--and I were traipsing around Franklin St, enjoying our first night out in a long time.  I am a huge fan of a good single malt scotch, but I have grown bored of the triumvirate typically available.  At each stop, we would put our drink orders in, and I would ask each bartender, "From what you have, which single malt would you recommend?" Each one sighed, and lamented their limited selection, before asking, "Have you heard of the Dead Mule Club?"We made our way--a bit too slowly, perhaps--to this legendary house of rumored peaty spectra.  I walked through the door and, quickly scanning the shelves, realized the rumors were, in fact, truths.  There is ample, cozy yet chic seating--indoors and out--for me and my party?  We can hear each other speak?  Have another one, you say?The Dead Mule Club really knows what it's doing.  Why wouldn't you go to the bartenders' bar--have you heard of the Dead Mule Club?
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,4/8/2013,69,245,4,7,3>i thought i had everything under control after a long night of fun. As the DD, i was somewhat prepared for 'sick' passengers. I handed my friend in the front seat a cup in case her dinner and beverages decided to disagree with her.Success, upheaval was controlled... until, she fell asleep and the cup went tumbling down her side pouring the contents between the door and the seat.  Needless to say, Bull City Car wash was able to save my car of looking and smelling yucky. With an extra $10, they were able to shampoo any remaining upchuck from my floors and it looked brand new! The rest of my car was clean with no window smudges (my pet peeve). Not to mention great service!
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,4/7/2013,104,463,2,4,3>I love maple icing, and I find the ubiquity of bacon as an accoutrement to every trendy food dish to be nauseating. This had me torn on the maple bacon bar. I figured I could just peel the bacon away and be happy. But this breakfast treat really works! I loved it.  I also had a chocolate iced donut with sprinkles. The chocolate icing is very rich and has an intense cocoa flavor. I only ate a few bites before saving the rest for later.I shared a Yukon potato cake thing that my wife ordered and it was divine. This is probably offfensive to the chef, but its flavors are reminiscent of a cheddar bay biscuit from Red Lobster, but so much more intense and delicious.When you arrive, grab a number. We visited on a Monday and still had to wait for about 15 minutes from entering the door to getting our items, so don't expect this to be a quick stop on the way to somewhere.And pay with a credit card if you want to feel like you're living in the future!
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,4/6/2013,50,138,3,5,8>Please do not tell anyone that if you go here at 2 on a Tuesday there is no one around. Except, like, a lady and her baby. And they a'ight. I hide out in a green cove, read Walden, and communicate with birds. Then I stroll around in  weeping willows, smell roses, poke some bees, and meditate. It's the absolute best way to spend an afternoon. Even as late as late September, there are still many flowers blooming and many butterflies flyin.
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,4/5/2013,83,168,,6,3>I dropped in for a quick lunch while getting some business done on this side of town. The restaurant was very clean and I was greeted by a very friendly woman who explained the concept and let me try the meats! I definitely felt welcomed! A man (perhaps the owner or manager?) stopped by my table twice to make sure everything was good! The people who work here really seem to care!Now onto the food! It was good! While I actually wasn't crazy about the texture of the arepa (it reminded me of flat cornbread...ugh cornbread) the pork was moist and flavorful, the toppings were fresh and the guasaca sauce was AMAZING. So many different flavors! I could just eat a bowl of this with chips all day! I will definitely be back to try a salad next time, I have a feeling that would be perfect for me.
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,4/4/2013,44,284,2,13,5>Is it me or are there suddenly a lot of Korean restaurants opening up?  Any one that claims to be local gets a visit on opening day.  Local sources and beers are prominently displayed on the chalkboard as you enter.It looks like this place got some serious buzz heading into opening night.  It was packed!  Too packed.  They had a little trouble handling all the curious customers.  It took a good while for our food and drinks to come out, and while there were some execution issues, the flavors are there.  We sampled the kimbap, dumplings, fresh rolls, brisket hotpot, and fish curry.  The toasting of the kimbap gave it extra crispiness that I hadn't had before.  The fish curry came out a little cool, but the curry wasn't overpowering.  The smaller portion is probably a better choice though.  Even the hotpot had an interesting twist with rice cakes floating near the bottom.  Sadly, it took so long for our food to come out, it precluded us from trying some of their really exciting desserts.The space is really small, with about 7 tables and bar seating.  Located in the now revived Seaboard Station, it's a good Korean option in the vicinity of downtown.  The owners seem well connected the local area, so I think they know what they're doing.4 stars for the potential.  We will definitely be back once they work the kinks out.  I hope they improve service and execution over the next few weeks, otherwise they won't last.
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,4/3/2013,179,270,6,11,3>A little oasis tucked away in Crabtree...just what a girl needs after a busy day of shopping. But, plan carefully ladies or you'll be like me walking thru the mall with the foam pedicure flip flops on and getting many a look.Trying to get all my errands accomplished on Halloween, I decided to try out the 'mall pedicure place'. I know what you're thinking....'nooooooooooo'. Yep, me too. I was a skeptic. Until, they whisked me away behind some lovely velvet curtains into an enchanting and relaxing room, complete with spa music. The lady who did my pedicure was delightful (and easy to understand). Even the restrooms were beautiful. Every touch of this establishment is right on point. I'm hard to impress, but it's just as pretty as any spa I've ever been in (although admittedly a lot smaller).Kudos Spa at Crabtree. Though, I'll plan to do all my shopping 1ST next time and  bring some flip flops.
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,3/29/2013,78,37,,12,4>I will only use this line for one restaurant: THIS IS WHAT LIFE IS ABOUT.I've done a fair amount of traveling recently going to Las Vegas, NYC, etc and honestly nothing has compared to this. You may think I'm crazy because this restaurant is in Morrisville, but Mare is seriously one of, if not the best, restaurant I have ever dined at. Herons can't touch this. This isn't Vino. Chef Tateyama bought out the ownership and has finally brought excitement and genuine good food to RTP. He hails from Tokyo, Japan (Japanese chefs are very hard to come by, especially in NC) and has several restaurants open around the globe. Apparently, he's ended up in the area because of family reasons, and thank goodness! The atmosphere is reminiscent of Venice and is classy, yet relaxed at the same time. Music selection is surprisingly amazing, with tracks ranging from classical to chill lounge to what sounded Arabic at times. I loved it all. If you are a fan of seafood, you need to try everything on the menu. I hear the Kobe beef ravioli is to die for but they ran out of it when we were there. The salmon carpaccio will literally make you faint, as will the ceviche. The sea bass is perfection as well. We tried every single one of the desserts and was blown away each time. I'm not a fan of pound cake but Mare's was hands down one of the best desserts I've ever had. Service is some of the best I've had in the area. Chef Tateyama is extremely respectful, in traditional Japanese fashion, of all his patrons. He took the time out to visit us and made a point to thank us as we left the restaurant. The management is equally as impressive. Chef Tateyama is a master at his art and will take RTP by storm very soon. Mark my words and try Mare before tables become hard to come by!**MUST TRIES: The bread is reason alone to come here from near or far. Try the ceviche and carpaccio. Sea bass. Kobe ravioli. Pound cake. Tira misu.
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,3/28/2013,64,257,4,4,3>For many years, we did not go to Pho Far East because it's the restaurant that replaced our beloved La Vie. We were fools. Fools, I say! While it may not be its predecessor, PFE stands on its own merits and dishes up a solid meal for vegetarians and omnivores alike. Is it possible to be addicted to Bun Cha Gio Chay? Because if it is, I'm hooked; PFE's version delivers with loads of crisp, fresh vegetables, toasted peanuts and tender rice noodles beneath delicious deep-fried tofu and perfectly done spring rolls. Meatless pho may be blasphemy to some (Kuanyu C, I see you grimacing!) but if it's what you like, you can get it here with a vegetable broth full of bok choy, broccoli, tofu, and more, accompanied by the traditional plateful of basil, lime, bean sprouts and all the trimmings that turn a bowl of broth and noodles into magic.Service is prompt and efficient, with table service but a walk-up register. Prices are average for the area; I'm sure it's cheaper/better/whatever in California/New York/Vietnam, but are we there? We are not. For the Triangle, you could easily do a lot worse both in taste and price. The restaurant is small and gets packed quickly, especially on weekends; the tables are close and the decor isn't cutting-edge cool, but you're eating the food, not the interior (I hope!), and the food is the reason to make the trip.
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,3/27/2013,58,186,6,4,5>I am so lucky to be able to see this place from my living room and it's so easy to just walk on over!  The hubby and I went on their opening weekend night last Friday.  It was crowded, but a nice crowded...not too crazy.  I immediately was blown away by the decor when I walked in.  I love the wallpaper, lighting, and furniture - it's so eccletic and mismatched, yet it all works together beautifully.  We were lucky enough to grab a quaint little table for 2 with oversized leather chairs.  So cozy!!  The server came right over to greet us and give us the menu.  They do have a small selection of food - mostly pizza.  I have to say - the topping choices sound terrific and I'll definitely check that out in the near future.  This visit was to check out the drinks.  They have a decent selection of cocktails, beer, and wine.  The hubby got the spicy jalapeno drink...forget the name, but it actually wasn't spicy at all.  When he ordered a second one, he asked for extra jalapenos and that did the trick.  I ordered a red wine.  All the options are spanish and I wasn't sure exactly which one I wanted, so I asked the server which one was the biggest/boldest....she didn't know but said she'd find out.  She comes back with a glass of something...I was a little surprised as I wish she'd have come back with an answer or a taste of something.  I actually did not like the wine she brought me and I humbly asked for a different choice....a taste first to see if I liked it enough to get a whole glass.  This request was no problem at all.  She promptly returned with my taste.  While I was in the restroom, the hubby asked if they had sparkling water - she wasn't sure but said she'd ask.  He said - "if you do, we'd like 2 glasses of that with lime".  She comes back with a 'no' on the sparkling water but had an entire glass of limes for us and asked if that was enough.  We laughed until we cried as we think she thought he was asking for 2 glasses of limes....I'm sure these were opening night jitters.  She was absolutely delightful and the service was great.  We particularly loved the 80's music playing overhead.  What a great night!I can't wait to go back!!
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,3/26/2013,264,1065,,12,4>Top This! is quite confident in how good it is, or at least their name is.  That being said, in retrospect it's very good that they did not name themselves "Top That!", or this would have been the first thing I thought of (youtube.com/watch?v=_a5M… ... YOU'RE WELCOME).   As it stands, that video comes in about 3rd, after "Jack Sprat" and "roast beef".  Now, thanks to my visit, that video now gets to be pushed further down the list of things I think of when I read their name, because the food is quite good. The restaurant is housed in what used to be Jack Sprat.  Jack Sprat was one of the few non-corporate coffee shops on Franklin Street that was also not a cupcake place.  In that, it filled a nice niche.  It also used to have music and comedy.  The stage where music and comedy used to be are gone, as are any coffee/breakfast related wares.  That being said, what Top This! brings to the table is a make your own sandwich concept:  you start with your meat or non-meat, add toppings, and blammo! you have a sammich!    Now, they do have a few regular sandwiches, but for the most part you need to be the creative one here.  Want a burger with cranberry-orange relish, pineapple, fried egg, and American cheese?  You can do that.  I'm not sure how that would taste, but you can do that.I went with a hamburger with a bavarian pretzel bun, swiss, lettuce, tomatoes, pickle chips, and BBQ sauce.  With fries and a drink, it was just under $10, comparable to most of mid-level lunch places on Franklin Street (TopO, Spanky's, etc.)  My burger was delicious: a little soggy due to the BBQ sauce, but still quite tasty.  The fries are also well-seasoned.The service is also excellent.  They're still getting things into place, but it seems like this will be a nice addition to the food-related options on Franklin Street.
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,4/22/2010,32,22,3,7,4>I have been wanting to come to Charlie Goodnight's for a long time.  I can finally say that I have!We saw Jennifer Coolidge (aka Stifler's Mom) on January 16 2010.  I bought my tix online, and had no problem picking them up at Will Call.  They seem to be very organized!  I was a bit disappointed by how small the place is, but oh well, what can ya do?  This show happened to be sold out, so we were packed in there like sardines, and it got a little warm in there.  They had some great comedians to come on before Jennifer...and I was impressed by their skits.  Jennifer...she has an interesting sense of humor!The drinks were good, and so was the service.  Overall, I liked to feel of the place, and thought the service was top-notch, and the show was great....I laughed my butt off!!I'll definitely be back!
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2009,4/19/2010,62,275,7,3,4>A lifetime of popsicle ambivalence was remedied by a trip to Locopops. It will take every molecule of willpower I possess to restrain me from returning every single day to try another amazing flavor. If you haven't given this frosty little slice of heaven 5 stars there is something seriously wrong with you. -Blueberry Buttermilk OMG- Cherry Chocolate Bergamot OMFG
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2010,4/18/2010,66,252,2,7,4>Just left Sono tonight with a belly full of sushi and sake! We read all of the reviews and figured we'd better make a stop at Sono to try out all of the great Asian fare. We made a reservation for four on open table and were quickly seated without any comments when we arrived 15 minutes late. (Free valet out front is a must do.) We were seated at a square table for four in the middle of the dining area. The restaurant was not busy when we arrived, but got increasingly more crowded as the night wore on. The server was standoffishly friendly when we first arrived and got more into our humor as the night wore on. He made quick recommendations when asked and had good information. He had to be flagged down once for more wasabi and a bottle of sake, but he was attentive otherwise. We tried all of the following: Pork Goyza - Amazingly delicious little pot stickers that were so delectable, mmmmmm good! The meat was so tender and flavorful, probably the best I've ever had. Firecracker Shrimp - Crunchy little triangular wrapped shrimp with a yummy little concoction fried in a wonton/eggroll style wrapper. They were crunchy and delicious and everyone at the table loved them. Special Rolls: There are two pages of pictured special rolls that have a varied amount of spice, crunch, and an assortment of fish. We tried 6 different rolls and loved each of them for different reasons. Cosmopolitan: Fresh little rolls with light flavors topped with tobiko. (This was not a table favorite, but I certainly enjoyed the freshness of this light roll.) Dragon: Crunchy roll with eel on top. Everyone really enjoyed this deliciously flavorful roll. Nippon Spider: A light roll with daikon radish on the outside. It was flavorful, but very mild in intensity. TNT Crunch: A definite favorite of many at the table. Spicy, crunchy, and an assortment of fish - what more do you need? Crunchy Diablo: A mouthful! This sushi is cut longways and its a bit too much to cram into your mouth, so be prepared to bite this one in half! Full of flavor and one of my favs! Screaming 'O': The best of the best. You know, if you've had one before why they call this the "Screaming O"! Must order! We also had an assortment of wine, beer, and sake. However, my favorite beverage was a bottle of the "G" sake. It was light, crisp, and went really well with all of the sushi. Highly recommended! Our final synopsis was that it was definitely a great dinner with good sushi and good beverage choices. However, we still think the sushi was just a wee bit better at Waraji. Just sayin'.
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2010,4/17/2010,295,331,8,14,8>Cherry Pie is a great place to go shopping for a bachelorette party, because they have an extensive selection of toys and novelty items.  They have a lot of DVDs to suit a wide range of predilections.I was impressed by the exotic smoke shop portion of the store with their variety and reasonable prices, especially their locally blown glass pieces.  Very nice.  They also carry rolling papers, blunts, screens, grinders, stash tins, lighters, and many other accessories that can meet most of your tobacco smoking needs.  Nag Champa incense, too.  It's not what I'd call a head shop, but they definitely carry the necessities.I gotta be honest: I was a little uptight about shopping here---Catholic guilt, I guess?---but that anxiety was all for naught, because the place is clean and brightly lit, and the staff are quite friendly and helpful.  I didn't feel awkward or self conscious at all.Getting in and out of the shop is really easy; it's located on the service road that runs alongside 15-501 near the shopping center with Border's and Lowes and they have a private parking lot.  They also are open till midnight on weeknights, 2 a.m. on Friday and Saturday, and 10 p.m. on Sunday, 365 days a year.Sign up for their e-mail newsletter for regular coupons and announcements of sales and events.Between now and May 1, 2010, bring in a print out of your completed Indy Week Best of the Triangle survey with Cherry Pie in the "Best Place to Buy Erotic Gifts" category and get 30% off your order!
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,4/16/2010,65,186,7,8,5>Sometimes you gotta give a joint a second chance, especially after you referenced the cougar-to-young man ratio and broken table tops on your last visit. Some friends from out of town wanted to go for dinner. They'd never visited Vivace, so I suggested we give it a try. Though my previous experiences at Vivace had been somewhat mixed, I was more than willing to visit again, to note changes to the menu and the food is usually pretty good, despite other "blemishes" I've been able to spot.I made a reservation for 8:30. We arrived promptly at 8:25 to find our table would be "ready in a few."We were seated about 15 minutes later at a four-top in the middle of the floor, rather that in one of the comfy banquettes along the wall. Boo, but to be expected on a Saturday night in North Hills at 8:30. Our server came over to take drink orders and drop off the customary bread with olive butter (love the butter). We ordered drinks and starters. We chose the steamed P.E.I. Mussels, the Marinated Olives and Almonds and a tray of Cured Meats and Cheeses. The mussels were fantastic with a wonderful garlicky broth and crusty bread to soak. The cured meats and cheeses arrived on a tray with honey and honey comb and gingery preserves. This place has a good selection of cheeses, but nothing, I repeat, nothing like the cheese selection at Arpa in Charlotte, for those who've had the pleasure.I ordered the pork chop with apples, which did not disappoint. The yummy, velvety sauce makes my mouth water even now. Hubby ordered the New York Strip with a lovely red wine sauce, that he wishes he could recreate at home.Our friends ordered pasta dishes and were also pleased with their orders. Our server was down-to-earth, friendly and responsive. She never left us wanting, which is commendable. She read through the desserts, though I confess after the barrage of starters I mentioned earlier, we hardly had room for our entrees. This was such a lovely meal. What struck me most about this trip to Vivace, on, like, my 14th or so visit, was the sauces. The chefs make some amazing sauces. Having tried to prepare sauces at home with varied results, I know and appreciate the skill and the results. The sauce ties the bow on a perfect palate pleaser.Visit Vivace. Embrace the cougars (just picture a lot of them as future auditionees for the Real Housewives of Raleigh). Wait a few extra minutes for a table. The food will be divine.
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2010,4/15/2010,264,1065,13,8,8>M&M WAFFLES!!!I shoulde explaine...I came here as part of my cohort's weekly "Hey, let's hang out!" lunch.  Ye Olde Waffle Shoppe is definitely trying to get that Shakespearean British rustic thing down, complete with the e's and whtnot.  In fact, the back room looks like it could be an English castle wall (though the front looks like a standard diner).  Of course, if there had been M&M waffles in 17th Century England, all of the conflicts would have been more effectively solved.  An example:1649: Oliver Cromwell: CHARLES!  You hath taken our representation away from us.  We do not recognize thine divine right as King.  We are here for thine head! Charles I: But Ollie!  Thou art wronge! I'm the King, and I am the word of God.  But, if you guys calm down, we can go back to the way it was before.  AND... you can have M&M waffles!!!Oliver Cromwell: I like this proposal.  It is settled.  OM NOM NOM NOM!FINThat's how good M&M Waffles are.  The Stuarts might still have power.  Instead, they don't even get their own Showtime series.But I digress.  Let's talk about the food.  I have already mentioned the awesomeness of the M&M waffles.  The M&Ms are added into the waffles, making for awesome chocolatey goodness (and coupled with the powdered sugar and maple syrup, it's incredible).Bacon and eggs are quite good as well. Nothing too fancy here, but they hit the spot.Service is good too, though can get a little crazy.  I ordered tea, and I think I ended up with coffee initially (in fact, I initially thought what turned out to be coffee in the little pitcher was actually hot syrup, which I had almost poured into my cup, thereby nearly confirming my status as the dumbest smart person I know :) ).    The waitress did eventually switch it out once we both learned that what was in the little pitcher was in fact coffee. All of this for around $6-7.  Not too shabby.   I am going to hold off on 5 because of the tea kerfuffle, but I'd definitely be willing to come back.
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,4/14/2010,567,250,19,26,22>I went here with my family because my brother-in-law's Astronomy Club was hosting Astronomy Day at this cool museum. This museum is an excellent place to learn about all the plants and wild life that are native to North Carolina. It was a cool experience for me because I'm new to North Carolina. When I go on my hikes or just peering into my backyard, I see birds and plants that are not native to my home state of California. I am a curious type and like to learn everything about my surroundings. This is a great place to start.It is also a fun place to go with the family. My 3 year old niece is a very sociable and curious little girl with a budding sense of humor.Her and her 4 year old friend were staring at a live millipede. My niece looks at her friend and says, "That's slimy and small. I can swallow that." Her friend looks at her in horror. (priceless expression BTW)Which makes my niece say, "I'm kidding!" Then, starts laughing. Yeah, quirky sense of humor. I wonder where she gets that from?This place has plenty of hands-on activities for the kiddies. Astronomy Day hosted plenty of fun things to do including launching a rocket made out of a 2 liter bottle 12-20 feet into the air. Of course, I grabbed my niece for this activity. The guy managing this outdoor exhibit allowed my niece to launch her rocket 3 times since she asked very politely.Overall: This is a wonderful museum with free admission. They do accept donations and I would encourage to give back to help them maintain their exhibits. This place is worth giving to because its an educational museum that promotes environmental awareness. Lots of fun for the whole family!
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2010,4/14/2010,73,112,3,8,7>I love finding special places.Before even talking about the ice cream, I need to set the scene. A La Mode is in historic downtown Wake Forest, so immediately you have a sense of classic Americana when visiting. Located in a particularly original building that screams black and white photos, you step into a mix of classic Seattle cafe and family ice cream joint. There is a bar along one side with a TV so the kids can watch a movie. The bar stools are actually horse saddles perched on top of stool poles (coolness). On the left and in the middle, the cafe feel takes over where you have comfortable chairs, a love seat, book shelves containing traditional board games, and then a dining table and chairs to play. Ann Marie (who I'm guessing is the owner), was great welcoming each customer and in taking time to explain the selection of gelato and ice cream. All are home made, and you are encouraged to taste test to see which will hit the spot. I had the blueberry and pomegranate gelato, while my wife had the pistachio gelato (with milk as a base). Both were excellent. My wife, who usually bolts out of any place immediately after eating, was so comfortable resting on the sofa, we decided to stay for a few minutes and relax (at least until the our baby decided we had been stationary for long enough).This is what a treasure of a place is all about. There is only one, therefor completely unique, and thus even if you live a few minutes from Wake Forest, it's still worth going. Awesome. Thanks for your vision Ann Marie.
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2010,4/13/2010,110,194,1,8,4>It's damn near impossible to find a reliable, good wax technician in the Durham area. I have to say this place so far exceeds my expectations. I've been to the other places. I've tried to save money by going to chains and some sketchy looking places, but at the end of the day, I'd rather have a good, hygienic wax rather than save a few dollars. (Shout out to Angela!) But still, I don't want to spend $60+ every month either. This place is a good, in the middle place.The staff is very friendly and the salon is quiet and comfortable. They even offer a snack and water while you wait. I've also had my nails done here, and while I think it's too expensive for what I got, I wouldn't be opposed to it again. The ladies who do nails are very competent and talented, and what may be most important to some people, they speak English. I've never had a massage here, but they do offer a lot of options for that. Plus there's a sauna, which is kinda cool too.Plus it seems like they're very well set up for Bridal Groups. I've never seen one, but I think they have a small room set up for groups, I guess it doesn't have to be a Bridal Group, but it just doesn't seem like the environment for a Stag Party :)So moral of this review, if you want a good wax, go here.
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2010,4/12/2010,40,55,5,6,3>While I agree that this coffee shop isn't earning 5 stars for atmosphere, I am grateful for an independent coffee shop that roasts its own beans on my walk to work.  I come in here a couple times a week and get a cup of drip coffee (in my own cup) and a banana for about $2.  Perhaps it's just a Pavlovian response to those who provide me w caffeine but I love Bean Traders.I would also say that Bean Traders is a great place to study.  And not just bc of its ample seating and quiet indie pop playlist.  The free WiFi here is on the Duke network!!!  That means you can get access to the online journals that the Duke libraries have subscribed too:  like all 10000 of them.  If that doesn't warm a nerd's cold lonely heart, I don't know what will.  Oh yes I do: more coffee.
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,10/20/2013,174,1518,,5,3>The neighborhood ain't the coolest in Raleigh...it's a little plain and not exactly representative of the city's demographics, if you catch my drift...but VDH isn't a bad spot to hang out. They have TONS of beers on tap, and even if a couple are flat or out, there are still plenty to choose from so you won't be disappointed. The food here is bar food, so don't get your hopes up, but it ain't bad bar food. Has a Texas Two-Step burger, which was spicy, the way I like it. Our bartender was mediocre--she didn't seem to know how to gauge when we needed a drink or a menu or the bill, but, fortunately, one of her colleagues helped her out and made up for it. I'd come here again--for the extensive tap list.
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,10/19/2013,42,63,,4,3>This place is great.  It's cozy and feels 'old-timey' in a sense.  The cocktails on the menu are outrageously delicious and fresh.  It's a bit expensive, but I suppose you get what you pay for... Also, you don't have to get a cocktail!  But you should.  It's TASTY.I feel like all the bar staff I've encountered has been polite and helpful.  The tall guy with dark hair and lots of tattoos is particularly observant, friendly and attentive.   I felt quite comfortable just hanging out at the bar and didn't feel like some large egos were permeating out from the other side of the bar like so often seems to occur in some swanky bars that have a reputation for delicious cocktails and bartenders that may be easy on the eyes.  Take your parents here or your girlfriend/boyfriend.  Either would be impressed.
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2013,10/18/2013,97,336,,3,2>This is a nice place to visit while in the area.  There are several shows to look while at the planetarium.  One thing I was thinking while watching was that it would be awesome to watch a Hollywood movie on this dome screen.  Even with it being a 2D film there were plenty of scenes that looked really 3D.  There is a lot of interesting history in this museum.  They talk about how the original astronauts were trained there, and have some of the original pieces of equipment on display.  If you are a NASA history buff it is a great place to visit.  And when you fall asleep in the comfortable chairs while staring at the dome, try not to snore.
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,10/17/2013,30,57,9,5,5>I wish I had 5 mouths, cuz I'd give this place 5 tongues up!Some of the best baked goods I've ever had (and I've had a few).  The place is small, nestled in between The Meat House and a Wine store,  Sugar Buzz looks like any other coffee shop in the area.  The decorating is normal, the pastry display looks normal.  The baristas even give the normal "just a dash of snooty" vibe. If not for the reviews on Yelp, I honestly wouldn't have looked twice at this place.When I finally put the fork full of their cinnamon coffee cake in my mouth, the brilliant flavor was tinged with a hint of regret at my human tendency toward prejudice.  So so good.  Soft, moist, and FULL of flavor.  NOOOOOMMM.  We've sampled the majority of the items they have to offer and not once have I been disappointed.  They're hours are a tad annoying to me.  They close at 6 during the week and even earlier on the weekend.  Coffee shops and their staff are (to me) by nature, a bit uppity.  The hours here are just another layer of icing on the snooty cake for me.  I thought to myself, "Really?  You think you're so much better than all the other food service places, that you can close up at a reasonable time and go home and enjoy your life?  REALLY?"Then I taste the cinnamon coffee cake, narrow my eyes and mutter,  "Touche Sugar Buzz...touche"
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,10/16/2013,44,50,1,8,7>I hesitate to give a restaurant 5 stars when I've only tried one item on the menu, but I'm pretty confident that this place could rock any Vietnamese dish. On my visit to Pho Far East, I chose to try the pho -- with everything. This was the most beautiful bowl of pho I've ever had, and the toppings were ample and fresh. The basil was so potent and the bean sprouts were crisp - the only way they should ever be. The broth was so flavorful and delicious that I barely modified the taste-- just spiced it up a bit to satisfy my love for chili sauce and sprinkled in a little fish sauce. That brings me to an awesome note about this place: they have fish sauce readily available on the table, which is not common in other Vietnamese restaurants I've been to in the area. Of course you can request fish sauce on the side, but I was pleasantly surprised to see it readily available on the table as an unexpected and welcome condiment. I will have to return to try some other items on the menu as well. I would say this place blows all of the other Vietnamese restaurants I've visited in the area right out of the water. If you're looking for good pho, make the trip here!
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,10/15/2013,37,63,6,12,4>I may have been having a disillusioned image as I was driving through the rain soaked streets of State one night. On my right was a wrinkled chef flipping dough in the air while barking orders to his assistants. Maintaining a very distinguishable smile. I drove by before I even had a chance for a second glance. I asked around and did Streetview on Google Maps to find out who was behind that smile. Turns out it was David's Dumpling.Considering the fact that there are 100+ reviews for this place, I will keep my usual descriptions out of it. The chance to indulge my cravings that have been deprived since my trip out to San Fran were about to be fulfilled- I hoped. Quite surprisingly, the place wasn't full during lunch. There were a good amount of people, but nothing to fret about if you are coming for lunch. We were seated immediately and our drink orders were place within a couple of mins. Blah, blah, blah. Now for the food. You're given a slate of choices for their lunch portions; something I enjoyed seeing and made me hope that things were made fresh. The quick-stir portions are all $7.95 and the dishes range from the typical Asian fusion trends. You know....General Tso's Chicken, Pad Thai, Cashew Chicken. There is a small selection of noodle dishes, you know, it's their name, to choose from. I opted for the David's Half-Fried Dumplings and Singapore Rice Stick Noodles and my friend grabbed the Pork Shumai- both $5.95 a pop. I was honestly a little worried I was being suckered into coming into a place due to the theatrics of an old man. The dumplings came out in good time and as other pictures show, there aren't many for the price. There's a good reason for this though. What you lack in quantity, you gain in quality. And if you're a reader of my reviews you know how much I love quality. The Pork Shumai actually HAVE meat in them. Pork blended with veggies and a nice sized shrimp slice in there. It almost reminded me of homemade dumplings. Very good start. My dumpling order was a surprise as well. They had enough meat blend inside and wasn't all filler. Good flavor in both and not a hint of MSG present. Now. The entrees came out a little slow for my liking; especially since it was during the lunch rush. Nonetheless, it came out and the waitress was on top of it. My noodles were simple. The way the dish should be. Eggs, curry powder, the correct veggies included, and protein. I can definitely tell that the noodles were made in house and not the store bought type I always buy at Grand Asia. You can tell that the ingredients were actually fresh and not some microwave TV dinner. The dish lacked a little spice for my liking. The balance between the curry, soy sauce and sesame oil was good though. Overall, it was a good dish. It won't leave that "OMG I'm so thirsty taste" like many other Chinese restaurants do. I need to come here for dinner. And actually get a sense of the place and their signature noodle bar. I feel like I'm cheating you by not actually getting a sense of their real product. Not their Americanized standard Asian blend of dishes. I'll update when I do. Do come and try though and let me know!
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,10/14/2013,125,100,5,7,6>Honestly, knowing how much I'm horrifically mono-lingual (and blessed/cursed with a terror of inconveniencing folks waiting behind me in line by not knowing what I'm doing), I did my Yelp homework regarding Los Comales de Durham before we visited.Okay... this many reviews suggested that we get the pupusa con pollo? Check. El pastor tacos are to die for? Got 'em on the list. Knowing that we have tiny people who are iffy about spiciness? I'm willing to bet they have cheese or chicken quesadillas. Already noted that they don't have chips and salsa, which is sad, but okay. I hear this melon water is ridiculously amazing - we should order some. But, what about the horchata, that sweet rice-based cinnamony drink of utter delight? Theirs is supposed to be amazing... AND they have free refills?!? Yes, please. Maybe I'll try a nopales torta, if I'm feeling dangerous? Because, after all, who doesn't want to try cactus at least once?I had my list of necessary eats, and we went on a Sunday afternoon prior to my birthday - kind of a 'we'll eat wherever you want to because I love you and you're ancient now' sort of gift from my wife. Into the breach, friends! There's a willingness to adventure into new territory that my family has that I really appreciate.The restaurant has, as attested to by far too many reviewers, a less than overwhelmingly snazzy exterior, and the interior is pretty plain. This really doesn't bother me in the slightest, however. It's a true Mexican mom and pop place, or at least the closest Durham has to it, crammed to the gills with folks that remind me just by existing how little Spanish I truly know. I wish I knew more. Everyone was friendly, including the cashier (who put up with my misplaced inflections and only got quizzical on me once, when I tried to order both the horchata and the melon water - 'You know horchata is a drink, right?' 'Yes... yes, I do.') The salsa bar wasn't as epic-looking as I expected, but maybe that's my own imagination's fault - the salsa it did contain was tasty, although I'm apparently a salsa wimp. Sweat-inducing, but good - AND, they had loads of sliced cucumbers, which my girls devoured.Related note: minimum $5.00 per credit card purchase, although the guy behind the counter suggested that he charge me $5.00 and give me $3.00 back, as the additional item I'd ordered only cost $2.00.Pupusa? Underwhelming, although the lady I love loved hers. Tacos? Okay. Quesadillas? Nothing mind-blowing, but okay. Horchata? RIDICULOUS. Although, again, I'm a wimp in my mono-linguality, and subsequently didn't even ask for a refill - there's a lady behind a row of big containers of drinks who does look like she'd refill your drink quickly if you're brave enough to ask. I wasn't. Sometimes, I feel way too nervous. Silliness on my part, completely.I'd like to come back and try more stuff solo, as it's a pretty affordable place, and with the number of high-starred reviews, I want to believe that it's merely my under-trained maw that wasn't up to par here.
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,10/13/2013,154,244,6,8,6>You guys. My husband has been a vegetarian for 14 years, but when he saw and smelled my chicken (Pechuga a la Parrilla), he had to have a bite. And that first bite was followed by a second, larger bite.What I'm saying is: the food here is good. And it's not like they don't have anything for vegetarians; they do, and a great selection of breakfast items, too (served all day!). But the chicken is so good, it can make a vegetarian question his dietary decisions.I'm not sure I'd had Honduran food previously, but if La Cacerola is authentic (and I have a suspicion it is), then I can safely say that I'm now a fan.The service is incredibly friendly and our server was helpful when it came to recommendations and side suggestions. My only complaint is that my party was a little forgotten when it was time for the bill to be delivered.
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2013,10/12/2013,108,135,,5,2>Raleigh Brewing has a few things that differentiate it from the current glut of local breweries. It's tucked away in a quasi-industrial area and has a fair amount of parking. I tend to go mid-week, so it's not a concern. The main lot is usually presided over by a food truck, which will do in a pinch, but you can always grab food from nearby Neomonde (Middle Eastern) or  Beansprout (Chinese) if the "drunk munchies" start creepin'.If the weather's playing nice, you have a seat on the patio or play some cornhole by one of the picnic tables. The large indoor space has lots of tall four tops, darts, an arcade machine (Ms. Pacman?) and a couch area (perfect for board / card gaming) back towards the bathrooms.If you're this far into the review, congratulations, because now we talk about the BEER. The 'Hell Yes Ma'am' is my go-to. It's fruity, bubbly and has a high ABV! The best beer I ever tried there was a employee tap made with Pink Peppercorn - SO GOOD. I think this place can afford to be creative because it's got that huge supply shop attached. There's also wine and house-made kombucha on tap, so non-beer drinkers can party too.
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,10/11/2013,81,795,2,6,2>Detritus vs memories. I vacillate between calling my collection of odds and ends one or the other (or something less polite) depending on my mood; or how long it takes to clean it; or find what I want; or make enough room to finish a remodeling project; or call the thrift store to come pick it up.I'm rapidly approaching the last option, but until I get there, Uncle Bob's is a workable temporary choice.  This location was one of the four or five storage places I stopped by, more to see the size of the storage room up close (visual person that I am), than to check out the business itself.  It wasn't until I made it here that I figured out the overall appearance, cleanliness, staff, security and location are all important.  Uncle Bob's was an easy decision.It's reasonably priced compared with nearby competition; it's clean, seems well-maintained and has keypad entry on the gate and in the climate controlled building, and has cameras throughout.  There's an elevator available if you're not lucky enough to get a ground floor unit.  As with many places, there are climate controlled and drive up humidity controlled units.  Most self-storage places require you purchase insurance if your homeowners or renters policy does not cover your things in off-site locations, and Uncle Bob's is no exception; so either bring a copy of your policy or be ready to add a few extra dollars to your monthly rate depending on the coverage level.
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,6/11/2013,85,151,3,4,2>Grabbed a quick bite to eat and drink at the bar before a Law Review meeting with some other staff editors, and I really liked the place.  Even though the bar area was crowded, we found seats quickly and were served even quicker.  Since I am not a beer drinker I opted for a well drink instead and I wasn't disappointed.  What is even better, once the bartender found out I wasn't a beer drinker he was able to select a few for me to try based off the well drink I ordered.  That was great since they were all free samples (free=winning), but it wasn't so great for me going into a meeting afterwards (bad law student, but smart to have a DD).  I will def come back and try the beer I did like and also to get some of those tasty garlic fries.
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,6/10/2013,100,280,,6,4>Great beer selection with lots of interesting & reasonably priced beers on tap!Located in CH on the edge of Carrboro, Beer Study is a lil beer gem that just popped up!  The co-owners know their beer and are very nice and friendly.  If you don't like what they have on tap, you can purchase something from the store and drink it there!There's a foosball table & some other game.  Seating is a bit limited (the bar & a few tables where people kinda hog with jackets while they play foosball), but there's a fair amount of standing space.  The standing space is a bit awkward because you want to stand near the wall, but the walls are shelves of beer.  So you have shuffle around while people look at the beer.Overall, I tried two different beers that I haven't seen on tap anywhere else in Durham/CH and can't wait to go back!
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,6/9/2013,44,50,2,4,3>5 stars for my holiday season visit! I had the delicious goose dish that they were serving during the holidays on Saturday evenings. It was absolutely amazing! I had never had goose before and am now a huge fan. I also had some of their mulled cider which was another holiday menu treat. I will frequent this place more and try out more of the regular menu, but definitely a 5 star rating for these holiday treats.
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,6/8/2013,154,244,3,9,4>When the weather's nice, The Bar is the place to be. Out back, it's like a beach without the water--there's sand, cabanas, fire pits, and games like cornhole, ping pong, and beer pong (well, tables with little circles on them for perfect cup-placement).When the weather isn't nice, The Bar is still a great place to be! Inside, there's a jukebox, darts, and pool, and the dance floor is nice and big to accommodate drag and burlesque performances and dance parties. The bartenders are always SO nice and incredibly competent (ask for a Flaming Lamborghini--you'll see).Admittedly, I'm more of an afternoon/early evening drinker, so The Bar's never been that crowded when I've been there, but the other patrons have ranged from keeping to themselves to being downright outgoing (yes, I WOULD like to meet your dog!), regardless of my or my friends' gender presentation or sexual orientation.
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,6/7/2013,70,129,,5,3>I finally made it to DPAC. I was not disappointed. First impression was red. Everything is so red. It's like getting to walk the red carpet the whole time you're there. Second thought was park in VIP if you can. I was fortunate enough to get a VIP parking pass and it was fabulous. Walked right up to the front door and at the end of the show was able to get out very quickly. Third impression is they really know how to move people there. During intermission the bathroom line moved extremely fast. The food/drink lines also moved quick. Word to the wise, don't get balcony seats if you can help it. They weren't terrible seats but you couldn't really make out faces or see certain parts of the show. I saw Anything Goes and their set involves a few levels of a ship. If actors were on the top level I could only see their legs. Next time I go I'm sitting lower. Overall my whole experience was great. The show was fabulous and the logistics of how they run everything was impressive. If you haven't made it to DPAC yet you need to.
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,6/6/2013,30,57,4,9,7>The coffee was tasty, and as someone who doesn't like coffee, that says a lot.  The scone was equally tasty and the apple juice was poured from a big jug probably acquired originally from a local grower, so that's a plus in my book.  Next time I'll probably try one of their delicious looking brioche cinnamon rolls, while sitting with a book to enjoy the ambiance.If such a thing as "hipsters" could exist in post apocalyptic Chapel Hill, this would be their hangout spot.  The place has a strange feel that balances somewhere between shabby and classy and can make you feel at home if you're in to the "hodgepodge" look.  The tables are mismatched, looking like they were acquired from the carcasses of various failed businesses in the area, if not the husk of whatever this place used to be.  There are old dingy couches tucked away in the nooks, making for comfy, somewhat secluded areas for introverts and small groups to hide away in.  Nothing here looks new, but somehow, none of it looks dirty either.  The furniture is placed deliberately, with intent to entice you to take a seat.  All of it looks comfortable and inviting. Even the serving counter looks like it doesn't quite belong.  It's organized and clean but still looks like it was a retrofit, which only adds to the charm.  The barista was polite and friendly.  For a moment I was fearful that the "thrift store" vibe of the place extended to their currency exchange system as well and I'd be tossed out to search for an ATM.  To my surprise though, she received my card with nary a flinch and went over to an iPad (that looked as out of place as everything around it)  and took my money with a smile.
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,6/5/2013,72,86,3,6,4>WOW!As a budding Yelper, I was bound and determined to show off my food blogging skills by snapping and uploading pics of my meal.  Try as I might for three courses, though, I kept being too tempted by the food on my plate and I was several bites in before I remembered to snap a shot!  That is some kind of presentation! Really it's a shame that I couldn't contain myself, because I want everyone to experience the meal that I shared with my wife.  As first-timers, we were encouraged by our waiter (who was great, by the way) to get a feel for the restaurant and the chef by ordering the tasting menu.  They have 3, 5 and 7 course options.  I asked if 3 would be enough food, enough excitement to fit the bill for a birthday dinner.  She looked at me with a knowing look and assured me that this would be more than enough.   No "rabbit food" here! What's more, they were more than happy to accommodate a no-seafood, no-nuts request for our three dishes.  They wanted to make sure that our first experience would be everything we could hope for.I won't go into details about each dish for the sake of brevity, but I have to say that we rarely leave a fine (read: expensive) dining establishment and felt like we truly got our money's worth.  On this occasion, though, we really felt it was money well spent.Okay, I will say this: NY Strip steak on a bed of seasonal squash and assorted roots/veggies with a grilled pear.  Ridiculous good. Also, this:  the cocktail menu is fun and inventive.  I had the Cuban dark and stormy, which ultimately tasted a little too much like licorice for me but I am determined to work my way through the rest of the tantalizing options.
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,6/4/2013,53,110,,6,2>A review for what else?  Another lunch buffet of course.  And Cinelli's has a good one.  An interesting setup where employees plate your food rather than doing it yourself, but still all-you-can-eat.  I really enjoyed the pasta vodka and garlic knots, both super flavorful.  Eggplant parmesan was pretty yummy as well.  There are about 4 or 5 pizzas, including pepperoni, spinach and a thin margharita-like pizza, the latter of which was my favorite.  The others were okay but I was hoping for better from a nice Italian place.  They also had fettucine alfredo, sausage and meatballs, and a chicken potato dish, all of which were fine but not really worth going back for seconds.  Service was good with prompt refills, although they strangely bussed my table when I went to get my second plate as though I was already finished.  Clearly they don't know who I am!  Price is fine at $9.95.  All in all, I recommend it for a lunch break if you work near the North Hills area.
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,6/3/2013,31,93,1,12,2>I came by Cary Flow Yoga on a Saturday morning. I was a minute late, so the owner, Colin, ushered me into the room with a smile and an understanding tone. I've done many hundreds of hours of yoga with many different teachers. It is challenging to find good teachers in the triangle, defining "good" as someone who really knows what they're talking about, gives you some challenging structure and then kind of gets out of your way and lets you make your own adjustments. The only teachers that I have really liked have all been in either downtown Durham or downtown Raleigh, but nowhere in between.At Flow Yoga, Nathan was really good, for three reasons. First off, he speaks in english, not sanskrit or hindi. For example, at one point he said "feet on train tracks, not on a tightrope" so we knew exactly what he meant without having to look up from the pose. He gave us these on-the-fly clarifications throughout the entire class. Second, it was sufficiently challenging that the 75 minutes just flew by, always a good sign. Third, during shavasana, Nathan was just kind of quiet and let our minds go where they would. So, to sum up, Nathan not only knows what to say, he knows what not to say. Final verdict, I'm thrilled to find a good yoga option in the center of the Triangle. High recommend. And, because your first class is free, you have little to lose.
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,6/2/2013,45,521,,6,1>Well, who'da thunk it?Pizza Italia is set in a little industrial strip mall. It's quite possibly the most unassuming place to find a restaurant, and the location suggests cardboard pizza and diluted soft drinks.Pizza Italia could not be further from that description. It's fabulous!The HUGE mixer behind the counter says "we make our own dough". And what delicious pizza dough it is! Toppings are generous, and the staff there are eager to please.We found this place by accident, but it's no accident that we go back. The ziti has also been excellent.A real hidden neighborhood gem.
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,9/18/2014,64,208,1,7,4>What an fantastic little gem hides behind the big glitzy shops and restaurants of North Hills. We met some friends for lunch and were pleasantly surprised by the casual, open dining room and unique, organic menu.Upon entering, you place your order, grab your drinks at the self-serve drink station, and find a seat. You'll get a little number to place on your table and a server will bring your entrees.I couldn't resist the Hoppin' John with Fried Corn Cakes and I won't be able to resist them again! The beans were so tasty and served with fresh lettuce, pico de gallo, sour cream and rice. The fried corn cakes were absolutely scrumptious!Everyone at our table was mumbling yummy sounds as we enjoyed our lunch. All of the entrees were fresh and delicious. They offer a wide variety of salads, pizza, and entrees like fish tacos and shrimp & grits. Many of their dishes are vegetarian or even vegan.We were there for a business lunch, so we enjoyed coffee and sodas, but they do have wine and beer available. Service is fast and friendly. Parking might get sticky at times when North Hills is busy. But they have a wonderful outdoor patio that I'm sure will be absolutely wonderful when the weather warms up.Excellent little cafe... great place for a business lunch. We will definitely be back!
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2014,9/17/2014,79,44,5,8,7>Before coming in here, one might say I was celebrating a day of the dead...I hadn't had my caffeine yet and was feeling pretty dead.  It was love at first sip. You see, I am the pickiest of coffee aficionados. The whole scene has to move me. Not only must the coffee be delicious, it must be served in a lovely setting. This place hits the spot. The set up is gorgeous (funny considering that the whole place is covered with skulls and macabre) and the latte art was beautiful AND delicious. There was a corner for kids to play and plenty to look at, including some books. I found quite a few interesting reads. Finally, they're rolling with my homegirl Maria...as in Maria cookies. These are my favorite and they served one on the side of my adorable mint mug with my latte. Enjoy some java, jive to some hip tunes, and enjoy your trip.
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,9/16/2014,696,308,2,6,4>Stopped by on a whim instead of going to McDonald's across the street, wanted a nice sit down burger joint... And overall I was happy.It started with Chris (the head chef and I believe manager) coming over and making some recommendations to me being a first timer, and we settled on a bacon cheese burger and cheese fries... Sadly the Pepsi rep. wasn't there recently, so I couldn't have Pepsi or Dr. Pepper because they were out, I had to have MountainDew (not the end of the world). On my burger I asked for grilled onions, and they were either out of those too or forgot... Finally the reason for 4 stars and not 5, the grease... I know some people like a nice juicy, greasy burger, but when a puddle is under your burger and soaked into the patty, it turns me off.Service was good, but not great. I was told that the girls waiting tables were new so I guess I understand, but still...Anyway the burger ITSELF tasted really good, and the fries were above average, but again not great. The only reason this is a 4 instead of a 3 is because of Chris, how nice he was, and made sure I was happy.Overall a good place to stop for an old style burger and shake... I will more than likely be back!
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,9/15/2014,145,72,4,8,4>I went here Friday night for my boyfriend's birthday dinner with his family. Definitely worth the drive to the Durham/Southpoint area!Harvest 18 is the newest restaurant by the creators of Cantina 18 and 18 Seaboard. When I say new, I mean they are brand new! Just opened on Saturday, March 22nd. There isn't even a sign up outside of the restaurant yet!The menu changes everyday. It is made of 80% locally sourced ingredients. Yeaaa local! We ordered cocktails to get the party started. My boyfriend ordered the Moscow Mule which he said was a stiff drink, but good. I ordered the Apple Vanilla Bean Sangria which was served with a slice of apple and tasted like yummy apple juice.For a small plate, we ordered the Ashe County Pimento Cheese which was served warm with chips. I am on a huge pimento cheese kick! The more pimento, the better! It was a great starter.Next, we were served Honey Bacon Cornbread Muffins out of an adorable decorative colander. Bacon and honey are two are my main food groups so I welcomed them with open arms - or rather, an open mouth I suppose. Ha! How punny.For my main course, I ordered the Braised Pork Shank. It was a ton of food! The pork shank came out on the bone served on top of cheese grits, collards, and some sort of sweet sauce. It was cooked to perfection and such a beautiful dish to look at and admire as well as to eat. Truly phenomenal.We were celebrating a birthday so of course we had to get dessert! Who am I kidding? I don't have to have an excuse to get dessert :P We ordered the Apple Cobbler and they brought out the Chocolate Ice Cream with Candied Walnuts and Caramel on the house. So delicious! I'm an ice cream fanatic so I really enjoyed the ice cream. It was served in a mason jar with wooden spoons.The service was great and the owner and the manager on duty made appearances at our table. Thumbs up! I love meeting owners, chefs, etc. I can not wait to come back here to eat! With an ever-changing menu, there will always be something new to try! Really enjoyable experience. BOOM! 5 stars.
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2014,9/14/2014,100,395,6,7,8>Hold onto your hats, folks, because I am about to tell you something you might not believe.  This is a legit barbecue joint that has actual tasty vegetarian options.  No, not just fries and hush puppies--we're talking tempeh and tofu.  Yes, my veg-head friends, you too can get your protein on.We ordered way too much food.  I got the small barbecue tempeh plate, which came with homemade pickles, slaw, and hush puppies, and we got sides of fried green tomatoes and fried okra.  My husband also got a small barbecue plate.  Do not be like us.  Unless you are really hungry, you don't need this much food; one side would have been plenty for both of us to split.  The portion sizes are really generous here.The barbecue tempeh is good.  It isn't the best tempeh I've ever had, but it is good.  I think I would rather try the country fried tofu next time.  The hush puppies were tasty but on the soft side for me.  I like my hush puppies nice and crispy.  The pickles, though, were awesome.  I don't even like pickles, but these were good.  They were sweet and thinly sliced.  I didn't care much for the slaw, but I don't usually care much for slaw.  I thought it was a little heavy on the celery seed.  The fried sides were both excellent; the okra was some of the best I've had.  Kudos to The Pig for welcoming both vegetarians and meat eaters.  We'll be back.
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,9/13/2014,61,56,2,10,6>Came here last night for a quick drink with a friend. I almost missed it because I'm not sure their signage is complete yet, but I saw the big P on the door. Inside was a lot larger than I expected, with a beautiful huge wooden bar - the woodwork extends up to the ceiling. There was plenty of seating, both at the bar and at various tables where you can sit and look out the huge glass windows. We were there from about 6:30-8:30 and the place filled up by the time we left! I know this place is walkable by a lot of people that live nearby, so I'm guessing they are pretty excited to have a new spot in the area.This place JUST opened, so I could tell they were still setting stuff up. They don't serve food and they do serve liquor, so you have to buy a membership. The lone bartender was BUSY but very nice and didn't let my glass get empty before offering another. They had two Mother Earth drafts, Highland's spring ale, Crank Arm Rickshaw Rye and maybe one other. Can/bottle selection was pretty good too - I had a Founder's Centennial and a Bear Republic Racer 5. We ended the night with a draft Rickshaw Rye, which was excellent. They also serve wine!What really got me excited about this place is they seem to have a separate game room, with a foosball table and a pool table, and lots of room to play. I love that - it's nice to be able to play some games while you're drinking. Overall, a relaxed casual space with great beer selection that would be great to meet up with a group - there is plenty of space. I will definitely be back!
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2014,9/12/2014,81,795,4,10,5>Truthfully, I found the pictures of mustachioed men on the walls creepy.   I don't miss them.  Cafe Anar has gone a slightly different direction from its predecessor with more common Mediterranean and central Asian fare but with a few surprises.  The Persian tea, served with a small side bowl of dates and almonds, has a delicate flavor.   It could be a dessert.  The Mast-o-Kheyar, was exactly as the server described:  light and refreshing.  I didn't find it particularly flavorful though, it was like a thick soup, with a barely noticeable cucumber flavor.  Had it not been for the mint, the yogurt taste would have overpowered this completely.  Still, it was good choice for something light on a hot day.  The only disappointment was the pita with which it was served.  It was too ordinary.The vegetable kabob (Kabob-e-Sabzi) was prepared well.  The spices on the vegetables balanced the flavors of the vegetables themselves.  It was quite tasty.  Because it just opened, Cafe Anar is working with a "starter" menu of a few basic offerings, but there's still something for everyone.  So far, so good.
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,9/11/2014,611,755,6,15,10>Interesting remake of what used to be Fortune Palace, the owners have opened up a new spot in E. Raleigh called Red Pepper Asian!  Located in a very quiet strip plaza, Red Pepper has a nice menu of Chinese and Thai dishes with Malaysian mixed in.  I order up paper-wrapped chicken, Singapore rice noodles and Sambal shrimp and string beans.  The interior is comfortable and casual, it takes 15 minutes for my food and it's excellent. Tender, flavorful chicken, slightly curried rice noodles and spicy, shrimp with a bit of heat.  Overall I found all my dishes pretty authentic and well-done.  If I lived in the area I'd certainly come back but due to its location, Red Pepper will be a once in a while treat.   But if you're looking for interesting and spicy ethnic eats in E. Raleigh, stop on by...
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,9/10/2014,175,190,1,5,5>Trophy recently celebrated its one year anniversary.  Where many restaurants don't do so well the first year - when you tack on that this place is a nano-brewery first with a pizza place that popped up you've got a recipe for success.  Brought about from the fellas at Busy Bee - Les is doing some great things with beer.  Local collaborations, some outstandingly consistent beer.  Consistency is very difficult on such a small scale with high product turn over, but they're doing it and doing it very well. Not to be outdone are their pizzas.  I've not been displeased with any of them.  Salads are massive and the pies are flavor bombs exploding across your taste buds, or for those of you that like subtler flavors there are also small svelte fairies sprinkling flavor dust across your tongue.
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,9/8/2014,26,111,4,9,4>Okay, so I had no idea this place even existed. On a trip over to the Butcher's Market (formerly the Meat House), I saw a sign up for a new ice cream shop that also promised desserts. We stopped in just to check it out, but didn't end up buying anything. Two days later, I couldn't get the idea of hand-scooped, fresh ice cream out of my mind, so we decided to give it a go.First, the interior is beautiful. It's very apparent that the owners are trying to provide for an ice cream shop that will allow you to "sit and stay awhile." They are also offering frozen yogurt, handmade popsicles, fudge, truffles, cookies, brownies, and coffee options (Nespresso, delicious!). I was really impressed just with the sheer amount of options the customer has; there will be no more debate between "real" ice cream or frozen yogurt, etc., because Quail Corners Creamery has it all.As soon as we walked in, we were greeted with friendly smiles. I was able to sample a few flavors before I settled on the salted mascarpone with strawberry and aged balsamic. This is just one of the flavors that they make in-house, and it is amazing! Seriously, so good. I had to get two scoops because I was in dairy heaven. They also make their own waffle cones, so you know... had to go all out. My boyfriend loved the vanilla fleur de sel, which is made by a company from Atlanta called High Road. He asked for a milkshake and said it was the "best damn vanilla milkshake he's ever had." That's coming from someone with a pretty large sample size, so it's credible.Prices were reasonable, and I think it would have been even more so if we hadn't of gone all out on the first try. I'm sure a single-scoop in a cup would still be equally delicious and a bit more friendly on the wallet (and waistline). Still, this place is top-notch and I can't wait to stop by this summer whenever I'm trying to beat the heat.
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,7/19/2014,35,63,3,7,4>I could seriously spend hours in here, but my wallet definitely won't allow it. This place is packed from floor to ceiling with pretty much anything you could want to complete your masterpiece of choice, everything from basic sketching supplies to sculpting clay and bookbinding tools. This place is dangerous because it makes me want to buy supplies for stuff I don't even know how to do. They have this gorgeous Chinese calligraphy set which calls my name every time I walk in. Do I even know how to do Chinese calligraphy? Hell no. Do I still want that cute little set with the blue-and-white porcelain inkwells and bamboo brushes? You bet, haha.One thing that definitely deserves mention is how awesome the customer service is here. There are always friendly staff members wandering around, ready to help you find whatever you need. This is a really good thing, because this place is so jam-packed with stuff, it can sometimes be hard to find exactly what you're looking for if you don't already know where it is. They are also really knowledgeable and can give lots of helpful project advice if you need it.I also saw that they offer art classes in many different types of media, which I thought was very cool. If there's something that you've always wanted to try, I would definitely check out the list on their website. I haven't taken any yet, but I want to do so in the future!
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,7/18/2014,127,203,2,8,8>After driving by this small restaurant on Wake Forest Road (south of 440 & Six Forks), I finally followed my nose to the excellent smells emanating from this place.  Mami Nora's is a Peruvian rotissterie restaurant with only a few things on the menu- and they're absolutely delicious!We went on a Sunday around lunch, which was a mistake because the church crowd was out in full effect.  Don't worry though, there are lots of tables and chairs, and an outdoor patio too :)  We ordered a half-chicken to share with a side of yucca fries & black beans.  The chicken was AHHHHMAZING.... wow.  I could write a novel only about this chicken, but I'll spare you the time.  They also have a spicy jalapeno sauce and a mustardy sauce too, but I loved the freshness of the jalapeno sauce. We also got some stir-fry rice with chicken/sausage, but it wasn't our favorite.For about $15-20, we ate a delicious lunch and had great iced tea too.  I won't hesitate to come back here sooooon, and I hope you do yourself the favor of coming too :)
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,7/17/2014,64,257,2,10,6>Great little restaurant featuring a difficult to find cuisine! The dishes at Himalayan Nepali Cuisine offer items that will be familiar to fans of Indian food, like samosa, vindaloo, and chicken masala, along with light bites like roti (a type of flatbread) filled with chicken or vegetables. Momo, Nepali steamed dumplings, and Chow Chow Thukpa, a traditional noodle soup, are less familiar delights that are sure to become favourites! Thali platters are available to sample multiple dishes, and both lunch and dinner are served. Treat yourself to a taste of Nepal!
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,7/16/2014,92,132,3,6,4>Another brewery in Raleigh to add to the growing collection!  The only one I still want to check out is Big Boss which I hope is named after the Metal Gear collection of videogames.  That gets this fanboy going.  Anyway, our new English Bulldog makes sounds like a warthog and poops the size of a small mountain but nevertheless he was allowed into the bar on Friday night.  He basically played bouncer and welcomed each new guest into the bar, demanding to be petted.  Although I have been with/dating my wifey for 7 years at this point and my game has been shot out the window due to inactivity, having this dog plus this setting may actually get me some looks.  I would definitely loan him out to my single friends.This place exemplifies modern hipster chic and would fit right in at downtown Brooklyn.  The only difference is they swapped out a Ms. Pac Man arcade machine with a life sized jenga puzzle.  The homebrews are delicious and although they don't sell food, you can hop across the street to the Pit or get some solid Mexican at Jose & Sons a block away.
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,7/15/2014,73,177,6,10,6>This is literally what I have wanted for my whole life. A conveniently located store that focuses only on cookies (not a bakery that has a variety of goods. Just fresh baked, home made cookies). Insomnia Cookies is a literal dream come true. A dangerous one at that!I had the sugar cookie. It was perfect and I have no complaints. Will be coming back everyday for my sweet tooth fix. NCSU students, you better hit the gym, because this place is great. The peanut butter cookie was also really good--it wasn't overpowering-ly peanut buttery to the point where you forget it is a cookie. I also tried the delivery which does get expensive--its a 6 dollar minimum plus tax, shipping, and tip for the delivery person--so about $10 for 5 cookies. Still not too bad of a deal considering that without even getting out of bed, you can have fresh warm cookies in your belly within 10 minutes.
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,7/14/2014,136,284,3,10,6>My new favorite place, ever. Ever.Fun, tasty cocktails; perfectly sippable Counter Culture coffee and amazing desserts? Oh my stars, I have been waiting for you, Bittersweet. Jay and I popped in on opening night and it was PACKED. They only had the Derby Pie left (chocolate, bourbon, pecan pie) so unfortunately, I had to eat the whole thing myself. It was yum - nice thick filling and a flaky crust. We both tried drinks as well; the Thin Mint (chocolate, vodka, mint liqueur and milk) for me and a tall Iced Irish Coffee with whip for my man. Both were fun, delicious and not lacking in boozey punch.We visited Bittersweet again last night with friends, and while I'm deeply interested in the Cookie Plate, I couldn't pass up the Peach Donut Cobbler (whaat!?) This phenomenal bowl of sugar-crystalized cake donut was topped with sweet peaches, cinnamon whipped cream, vanilla ice cream and candied bacon bits. My whole body died and my senses cried for more. With that laundry list of ingredients, you'd think maybe this would be somewhat over-the-top. False! It was a perfect combo of crunchy, warm, soft, cold, sweet, spicy. I mean - really... what more could you ask for?I really, REALLY want to get the $1 shot of vanilla buttercream, just to say I've done it. But it feels really ridiculous (in an amazing way). I'll get there eventually.Bittersweet is a really fun place to meet friends for drinks and dessert, or to stop with your sweetie on date night. The staff is fun, the eats are great and I think they'll both be around for a nice long time.
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,7/13/2014,96,131,4,10,6>Yoga instructors:  Sinead, Karley, Christine.... all AWESOME!  I'm sure the other instructors here are great as well, but I haven't had the pleasure of attending one of their sessions yet.  Firefly Hot Yoga is fantastic, and I recommend you check it out.  Firefly has a convenient website for signing up for a class, checking the class schedule, etc..  fireflyhotyogacary.com  You can just call to sign up for a class too.  They currently have a New Student Discount of 3 classes for $24 (good for 4 weeks after purchase).  That's a great deal at $8 per class considering the normal price of $15.  I have mainly attended the 90 minute, "Hot 26" class, but I have also tried the 90 minute "Barkan Hot Yoga" class too.  Both are equally great.  The Sunday 10 AM slot only seems to have about 2 to 6 people generally (plus instructor), so it's a small intimate group, with room for more.  There is a locker room with showers, so you can shower afterwards.**typing review from a one armed handstand split and backbend variation** :PI was a total yoga noob, when I first attended a session here several months ago.  I decided to try yoga because I felt it would be a nice addition to my daily strength training regimen.  WOW, I was right, it sure is!  I try to make a 90 min. sesh a weekly thing now.  Why HOT yoga, you ask?... well the heat really seems to loosen up the body to maximize the benefits of the stretch.  My daily job as a commercial construction project manager unfortunately involves a lot of desk/computer time, resulting in an unhappy lower back, tight hips, and sometimes poor posture.  Yoga has improved my flexibility already and has really seemed to help open up my chest and loosen up the hips.  Shakira has it right, "The hips don't lie!"  My lower back pain issues in the past  seem to come and go periodically, but since I started yoga my back has felt much better.  Coincidence?  I think not!Sign up for a class, grab your yoga mat and water bottle, and come on down.  I hope to see you at a class here soon.  Let's get sweaty and get our stretch on!
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,7/12/2014,46,89,4,13,4>So you have been charged with the task of finding some goodies to bring to the office or some event.  You need a big selection without breaking the bank, so you jump on yelp and try to find something that's not the normal chain stuff that is half baked, frozen, and then baked completely in the store.  You want fresh, you want good, and you need cheap!Well look no further than Espiga!  For those of you who are afraid to go out side your comfort zone and walk into a place you're not familiar with the layout and how it works, just fold that little fear up and tuck it away in your pocket for another day.  Here's the scoop on how it works.When you walk in you will notice 3 giant cabinets packed full of a huge variety of pastry items.  Just let them know you want a box, and trust me, YOU WANT A BOX, and they will give you a box and a pair of tongs. update: went back a 2nd time and instead of a box they have big plastic orange trays and a pair of tongs.  You then proceed to the cabinets and load yourself up with as many of whatever treats you desire.  The contents very from day to day.  So it's fun to go back and see what new item is there that wasn't there last week.  Sometimes there are no signs explaining the contents, but don't worry, much of it is self explanatory and for what you are not sure about , the owners/staff are SUPER friendly and will be glad to explain anything you want to know about what is in the cabinet.The first time i went they gave us a box to carry it home in, the 2nd time we went it was all put into a plastic bag and off we went.  I kind of like the box better, but it's not a deal breaker. ( I brought them home and put them in plastic baggies and took them to work, and they were gone before morning snack time even started.  I got 3 kinds of croissants, 2 big cookies, 6 conchas, a cupcake that looked like a ho ho and 4 kinds of fruit or cheese filled pastries for 14 and some change.....can we say CRAZY GOOD PRICES?!)We were lucky enough to be there when fresh made Conchas were coming out of the oven. (Conchas: Are a mexican lightly sweet bread top with a sweet dough.  They usually come in a variety of colors.  They have kind of a swirly pattern on top.  There are pink and yellow ones in my pictures!)  And they offered us a fresh warm one.  O.MY.GOODNESS!  SOOOOOOOOOOOO good!  It was light and airy, warm and just enough sweet to give you a fix.  We got a chocolate one to go.  It was still good at room temp, but even better warm!  So warm them if you get one!We got a couple cookies, and 2 other pastry things, and the conchas and all were awesome!  (dont' worry we didn't eat them all in one sitting.  we broke off a bite of each and are saving the rest to eat throughout the week!)We paid a third of what we would have paid across the street for what we got.  YEA! They also make cakes and empanadas!  There is a cooler packed full of empanadas of various flavors.  Chicken, beef, cheese, ham and cheese and pepperoni and cheese.  I (on another visit) took home a chicken, beef, and a cheese.  I took them home and ate them for dinner and then breakfast.  They are wondeful!  I would call these "healthy" empanadas.  They are not fried, they are baked!  and i must say i LOVE the difference.  The bread is slightly sweet and the insides are very basic.  In the meat, is just meat and a few spices.  Although simple the flavor is still wonderful.  Personally i like the simplicity of them, it makes them easy to eat as is, or to top it with some of my own stuff.  They are reasonably priced at a little over $3 each, but one is really enough for a meal, although i ate more like 1.5 at each meal.....and boy was i full.All in all, it was a great experience, from the friendly staff, to the fantastic bake goods.  And the best part?  You're supporting local when you shop here!  So head on over and give it a try, and don't forget, just go ahead and ask for a box for your goodies.  You won't regret that you did!
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,7/11/2014,0,4,,5,3>Our group of 11 decided to give Cowfish another try after speaking with the owner. This time we used the Cowfish bus to take us to and from the restaurant. Our driver was extremely friendly and answered any questions we had. The Bus itself was very clean and very fun. Several people in the group had never been before but after last night have all decided to return. First of all our server was excellent, he answered questions, was helpful and never made us feel rushed. The food was to die for! The calamari appetizer is the best I've had hands down. Everyone got different entrees ranging from burgers to sushi to the Bento Box ( mix of mini burgers and sushi). I had the The Prime Time" Filet & Lobster Roll. It contains lobster and filet mignon cucumber and mushrooms with truffle oil, it was absolutely amazing. We also had dessert, 2 slices of cake with literally fed our whole group.  We all left happy and full and all planning on coming back soon. The Cowfish Sushi Burger Bar is the place to go if you live in or are visiting Raleigh.
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,7/10/2014,43,165,,6,3>Yup, it's in the gas station but great breakfast, lunch and tacos.  Very casual so don't expect Sullivan's table service.  Order at the counter.Staff very friendly.  Had breakfast which was great...had combo, home fries had a little but if a Latino twist.  Looking forward to having chorizo and eggs next time along with trying their tacos.
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,12/23/2012,45,521,,6,6>An old-fashioned, honest-to-goodness diner style restaurant in the heart of Raleigh. I'm guessing the first floor decor is authentic 1940's, and upstairs is probably closer to mid-to-late 1950's. Either way, it's a fantastic time capsule. Oh, and the food is delicious too. This is "comfort food", to be sure. Very comfortable.
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,12/22/2012,13,101,,11,3>My boyfriend is Czech, so we had to go to Klara's new location near NC State campus. I had never been to the one in Cary, but what a great first experience!We walked into a nearly empty space on Wednesday evening. The decor is distinctly Prague-themed, with photos of Prague adorning the walls, including a lovely three-panel piece. The bar, although I didn't sit at it, also looked like a great place to pass the time.The drinks section is large and inventive, with a whole section just for Becherokva (a kind of Czech liqueur that I've never seen served anywhere else in NC) cocktails. I didn't have anything this time, but it's definitely worth checking out that section of the menu. Czech beers are also available (there were no Czech wines, despite Mark's assurances that Czech wines are, in fact, a thing).The real winner here was the food. When perusing the menu, I thought, "$17 for an entree? That's kind of getting up there." It is kind of getting up there in price--I don't take that part back. But! It was well worth it, and I don't say that lightly. I ordered the beef stroganov and didn't stop talking about how good the sauce was for the entire meal. Fresh, tasty ingredients; impeccable presentation; a portion so big that I had to take half of it home, as tempted as I was to keep eating--the whole nine. So delicious. My boyfriend had the goulash and agreed that it was both tasty and authentic.If you live near Hillsborough Street, make sure to splurge now and then and patronize this new Klara's location! They deserve it!
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,12/21/2012,264,1065,7,9,9>Do you want to know more about North Carolina?  You do, don't you?  Yes, you do.  Shut up.  You do.Then the North Carolina Museum of History is the perfect place to do this.  The first floor is an epic walkthrough of North Carolina History.  Starting at early Native American developments (canoes, spears, etc.), you move into colonialism, learning about people getting arrested and a laughing guy shooting a cannon (I think it's the guy that Cary is named for).  After that you get all the cool stuff:  Pirates!  Revolutions!  Interactive exhibits where you guess where apples came from (Europe!).  Pepsi!  Cheerwine (briefly)!Also they do not sugarcoat North Carolina's detrimental history.  You learn about segregation, the Wilmington Riots (the only coup d'etat of a popularly-elected body in American history, by white supremacists), and slavery (there's even a slave house in the museum itself.It takes a long time to get through the exhibit, but there's so much information that you'll be learning all the way through.  After that, there are other exhibits upstairs.  The Latino in North Carolina one is interesting, and includes a Quinceañera display.  The Sports Hall of Fame is cool too, with a Richard Petty car, a phone thing where you get to hear football players talk about football, and other good stuff.  Did I mention it was free?  No I didn't.  It's free.  As in, you do not have to pay money to go in.  Win!Overall this place is awesome.  You should go and learn history and bask in its awesomeness.
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,12/20/2012,154,244,8,8,6>I had breakfast at Joe's one Saturday (waffle, bacon, and sausage), and even though I was full and satisfied, the smell of the ribs in the smoker on the sidewalk was too good to resist. So I took a walk, went home for a bit, and went back to Joe's for lunch. I had to have those ribs.See, when I was a little girl, my favorite restaurant was this really depressing place where the waitresses wore sequined leotards and bow ties and they put giant chunks of pineapple in my lemonade. I thought it was glamorous.Glamor aside, The Peppermill had the best ribs ever, and that was why it was my favorite restaurant. Now, thank heavens, I have Joe's. The opposite of glamor, but who cares when ribs are just that good?Joe's Diner: Good enough for breakfast and lunch on the same day.
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,12/19/2012,295,331,7,5,6>Holy crow, the avocado cold sandwich is not to be missed.  My only expectation was to have a reasonably tasty and filling sandwich for lunch---well, brunch, since I'd inadvertently skipped breakfast---but I was blown away.  Where, in the dead of autumn, does Sandwhich procure such fresh avocado, lettuce, tomato, and red onion?  The Shire, probably.  Maybe Hogwarts.  Because this stuff is magical.Perfecting the taste explosion was the garlic mayonnaise.  I don't even like mayonnaise, but this stuff was the bomb.  So flavorful!  And sourdough bread was awesome as well.This came served with scrumptious pickled carrots, and I ordered a half green salad on the side---very basic, but very fresh---and I was completely sated.  I had this all to go, but this was my first time visiting the new(ish) space, and I was impressed by how swanky it is!  Can't wait to visit again!
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,12/18/2012,223,633,5,13,4>You know what's great about this Italian restaurant? (Insert drum-roll please)...   You can actually get an Italian meal! (ta-dah!) Now, I know this might sound silly, but some of us have had so-called Italian meals in so-called Italian restaurants where garlic didn't exist and anchovies were not even a remote possibility.  Here at Vic's  I have learned that possibilities are true Italian possibilities, especially if you have a server like Liz.   For any of you seeking a true Italian experience who might have made the same Vesuvio's mistake that we made recently, may I suggest that you find Raleigh redemption at Vic's?    Here's what to order:  "Spaghetti alla Sofia Loren...spaghetti with shrimp, black olives, capers, in a fresh tomatoe sauce"  (excuse spellings, I'm quoting the menu)  Trust me, it doesn't matter how they spell, they know how to cook! Do like I did (with help from LIz), and have them add some anchovies and kick it up a bit in spice level too.  You will be rewarded with Italian pasta heaven! (insert drool)  Husband went with the gnocchi with shrimp and zucchini in a pesto cream sauce.  When we expressed concern about the strength of pesto in the dish, Liz suggested the addition of sundried tomatoes, which is exactly what the dish needed.  Richness perfection!  Husband really enjoyed this and took half of it home.  I got a taste that I enjoyed, but this kind of richness I prefer on a small level.  (doesn't matter what I think anyway, cause I wasn't the one who ordered it)  Garlic knots are a pizza dough thickness rolled in oil here.  Good.      What they know here is that true Italian food is about simple ingredients of great quality, cooked to perfection.  A few perfect kalamata olives with a couple anchovies and rich olive oil, combined with great-quality tomatoes and garlic, a scattering of quality capers,a few perfectly cooked shrimp, equals pasta Sofia Loren heaven. I didn't even want to add parmesan nor crushed red pepper.  It was full of rich flavor and didn't need either, which (coming from me) is the ultimate compliment!   Great Italian food is never about quantity.  It's about quality and knowledge of ingredients.  Vic's and their waitstaff (assuming you have Liz) equals that. Although quantity is very good as well.  I confess that within 2 hours of dining and being very full...enticed by the flavor memories, I had to indulge in the leftovers.  Happily, they were very good warmed over as well!  Hmmmm...I wonder if Husband would notice if HIS leftovers disappeared?
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,12/17/2012,78,106,5,9,6>Being a Southern California native, I didn't expect to find any decent Mexican food when I moved to Raleigh.  To say I'm happy I discovered this place is an understatement!  Yes, I've had better, but only slightly.  And you can't beat the interior decor!  SO CUTE!!!If you like carne asada, you MUST try the carne asada at Dos Taquitos.  It is to die for!  And every entree is served with a stuffed jalapeño (LOVE IT).  Another good option for you if you're here with a group (or another heavy weight, lol): a pitcher of margaritas.  These margaritas are GOOD!The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars?  Come on, I'm from Southern California.  I'm very picky with my Mexican food, and a bit biased. :)
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,12/16/2012,59,219,5,6,5>The previous review by Mia C. is spot on. EAB is a family owned business with Kevin (the owner) and his daughter Jessica running the front office with Donny. They are seriously some of the friendliest people we've met since moving out here. Honest, honest, honest - completely transparent and upfront on EVERYTHING.So....we found ourselves in the limbo land of insurance points and increased insurance rates due to a dodgy little tree and our 3 year old Subie. Having talked to our insurance agent, we quickly realized that the dealer quote I had gotten earlier in the day wasn't going to cut it - at the very least, resulting in a 25% increase in rates over the next 3 years. *insert game show "gong" sound....plus sad trombone noise*Fortunately (or unfortunately given the situation) EAB came highly recommended by my agent. Having dealt with insurance recommended body shops before, I was highly skeptical. However from start to finish, Kevin and his crew were completely upfront on the whole process and quick to dispel any doubts I had going into this while still coming in under other repair shops.For starters, you schedule an appointment for your estimate. They recommend around 30 minutes. For our car, it was something more like 45 minutes *BUT* only b/c Kevin took the time to explain the whole process to me and then proceeded to show me his entire shop and a couple of other cars with similar jobs to ours at various stages along the process. What impressed me most was how spotless and clean the shop was....from the bake room where they paint the cars to the front reception office. Nothing is left to doubt...and if you have any questions, he answers them - not in a condescending tone, but more for you and I to understand the process of what he and his shop can accomplish. In the end, our job came in under the dealer's estimate (almost $600 less) and within $50 of the estimate he provided as well as on time as he promised (4 days).Service is only part of the game, but the work they do comes with a lifetime warranty for the ownership of the car. While body work and painting is always tricky, they do paint matching (spectrophotomer) as well as blending in the nearby panels to give it a more natural and seamless match to the existing color. It's never 100%, but personally I couldn't tell any difference on the rear driver's side door panel. FWIW on our car, they were able to perform a 3 coat paint job to achieve that "pearl" finish of the original.All in all, a great group of people to work with who stand behind their work and still come out much lower than some of the other body shops around the area. I wouldn't hesitate to come out this far again if I *ever* had body work needed for any of our cars. FWIW, I did check them out on the BBB site and they do have an A+ rating.The one slight caveat/demerit is that these guys are *really* far out (distance wise, not in a psychedelic way)....even for the CH area. You literally go past University Lake and for what feels like miles past....but in reality, it only takes 15-20 minutes to get there from the Franklin St/N. Elliott intersection (well worth the drive for the service and attention to detail you get here).5 easy stars to shout out!
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,12/15/2012,44,156,,5,3>I am in utter disbelief that I had never heard of Market Restaurant until this past week when a girlfriend suggested we go for lunch.They have daily specials written on a chalkboard wall, and menu options that change frequently so you can always try something new.  Each table gets a water carafe which is perfect since it was around 100 degrees outside and to be honest, it was quite warm inside as well.  I like that they have fresh herbs growing outside for use and use local produce.  The menu offers a variety of options for everyone: carnivores, vegetarians, vegans, and those on gluten-free diets.  I really appreciated the wide menu and opted for a turkey croissant which came with delicious herbed farm cheese and mixed greens.  The sandwich came out incredibly hot, the turkey was juicy and tender and full of flavor.  I was thoroughly impressed with my lunch and will absolutely return.
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,12/14/2012,30,57,3,4,5>This place is like the Best Buy of garden supply.  The way Best Buy used to be I mean, when it was magical.Something about walking in here opens your mind to the possibilities of gardening and landscaping.  It's probably the creative, well crafted displays they have all over the place!  Beautiful trees and shrubs are right on the edge of the parking lot, whispering to you how great they'd look in your yard.  Japanese maples, weeping willows, cherry trees, and tons more.Past that, there's rows and rows of  seasonal plants begging you to pot them or plant them somewhere.  Veggies and herbs, beside beautiful flowers, and you haven't even gotten inside yet!Inside the facility there's just a ton of cool nick-knacks, and tools and supplies for gardening.  There's a few well crafted displays that change every now and then with new materials and ideas.   Fountains of different shapes and sizes, small blocks of wood with clever sayings on them, tiny glass birds and squirrels to provide year round visual ambiance, huge metal letters with stylish rust on them, so you can spell out "garden" in your garden, for a very clever meta-reference that Xzibit would be proud of. Seasonal lighting that changes with the holidays, mirrors and windows for that mysterious indoor/outdoor feel, glass vases with wrought iron trimming, meant to hang from tree limbs.  Are you getting the picture here?Beyond that, on the back and sides of the building, there's whole sections dedicated to different aspects of landscaping.  One full of materials for water features, including a tank full of different types of fish.  Another with tons of different trees and plants, and massive pots for holding them.Aside from being a "Secret Garden" (yeah I went there) in the middle of Cary, the staff here are fun just to talk to.  It's clear that they enjoy gardening themselves, and they're more than happy to help you get started on your own gardening adventure.  They'll tell you the best plants for your yard, the best veggies and herbs to grow for the season, how to pot them and what soil to use.  There's even some adorable prairie dogs inside to entertain your tag-alongs. I'm not even that excited about landscaping and I enjoy coming to this place.
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,9/28/2014,30,54,3,8,6>My husband and I chose ONE to celebrate a special occasion, and it was a really fun and unique culinary adventure.  Yes, this is a really expensive restaurant, and yes, our expectations were high. This was a special meal for us, and we accepted the cost before we made the reservation. I'd recommend keeping an open mind to the chef's creativity. If you want steak and potatoes, go to Ruth's Chris or Angus Barn (I'm bored with both of those places unless someone else picking up the tab, of course).The service and the presentation of the dishes were the best I've seen in the Triangle. It was really cool to see nearly the entire waitstaff to line up in the kitchen and synchronize their service to tables. They have a private dining room and it would be wonderful to attend a group dinner where all the waitstaff present your dishes in tandem.The decor is modern and I found it more relaxed and casual than most expensive restaurants.  Not a formal, white tablecloth feel here. Patrons were dressed more casually. We also loved the open kitchen and it was entertaining to watch the chefs bustle around and work tediously on dishes.We each had the chef's tasting menu which involved multiple courses. Pretzel rolls and butter, plus three different amuse bouche dishes kicked off the meal.I had an excellent sweet cherry wine cocktail with 3 different types of alcohol-soaked cherries, and it was poured from a vintage Coke bottle. My husband asked for a cocktail that wasn't on the menu and they didn't blink.Nearly every dish had some flourish that came when it was served, there was a lot of ladeling and pouring going on.My favorite dish was the fried cobia. It had a black lager crust (literally, black), and it was delicious and different from any other fried food I've eaten.  I would get that again as an entree.Hoping to have a second dinner at One soon. I'm saving up.
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,9/27/2014,81,79,2,4,4>I am a meat eater, so I have been putting off visiting but am glad I finally did.  Atmosphere was trendy/bohemian, and service was excellent.  We had the root chips with some great hummus and a cilantro pesto.  Next was the tinga tacos and pulled pork, both of which were better and more authentic than a lot of meat restaurants in the triangle.  I will definitely be back here.
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,9/26/2014,36,84,2,7,6>SO MUCH YES. So so so good. Lots of variety, vegan options, food truck prices (from $4-8). I wanted to try everything but got a soba noodle salad, Churrasco slider and bratwurst to share. The noodle salad was my favorite and the slider was great, but next time I'll probably try the chicken & waffle or the latkes. YUM. Great for sharing with a group so you can try everything, and it actually feels like healthy food.Sitting outside is always fantastic when the weather is balmy and beautiful at 7pm. The little lights twinkle above you, there are puppies to pet and people to watch. You can always go play ping pong across the street afterward for a perfect low-key date night or chill evening with your roommates. Parts & Labor is so Durham, the kind of place that San Francisco strives for but can never quite achieve that laid-back vibe with all the scene kids crawling around. Great food, friendly people and you can go there in workout clothes--it's a fast favorite and I will certainly be back.
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,9/25/2014,107,166,3,5,5>My friend and I stopped in Monday night at around 6:30 for dinner. The place was quite busy. We had made a reservation, but I think it would have been ok without one too. It was unfortunate that they were out of their house red. Though some of the other drinks looked tasty as well, we decided to opt out. My friend and I shared the summer rolls and papaya salad with duck breast. We both thought it was just alright. I couldn't taste much of the plum flavor in the dipping sauce, mostly just hoisin sauce.  I wish the plum flavor would be more pronounce then it would definitely be a great and refreshing way to cleanse palate. The papaya salad and the duck breast was excellent. The papaya salad was nicely spiced and the duck breast was tender and juicy. We both enjoyed it very much.I was not really satisfied when I left Bida Manda. I just wish the summer spring roll would have more flavor (mint or basil would be great addition). I would rate my dining experience to be 3.5, but I am rounding up because of the service and the decor.
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,9/24/2014,110,103,5,3,4>Gregoria's left me very emotionally confused. Did I just fall in love with Cuban food or did I fall in love with Gregoria's? I'm not sure, but I know at the very least Gregoria's is amazingly delicious! This will be one of my shorter reviews because as long as you follow my instructions, you will be happy. Buy the following: platano maduro relleno (plantains stuffed with ground beef), Calamares Fritos, Empanadas, Chicharrones, Ensalada de Aguacate, and Pollo a la Parilla. Don't question it. Just do it. I solemnly vow you will not regret it- trust me.
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,9/23/2014,48,89,1,5,6>DE-LI-CIOUS!Had a lunch meeting at Buku last weekend and I am kicking myself (not literally, but maybe I should) for walking by this place so many times because I thought it looked expensive and stuffy. First of all, they accommodated a group of 12+ on a Saturday, put us in a great room with a big table away from other diners and gave us a fantastic server. Second, Buku has quite a large gluten free menu (see picture I posted or see here bukuraleigh.com/buku/men…) - seriously, there isn't much on the menu that isn't gluten free to be honest, so I didn't feel like I was being short-changed. Nothing stinks worse than having to be at a restaurant and only being able to eat a salad while everyone else enjoys delicious meals. That being said, I ordered a salad (Sicilian Radicchio and Endive Salad) which was so flavorful and delicious, but I also ordered Empanadas because they make a gluten free version! It was so light and crispy and practically melted in my mouth. You get two with your order and it comes with a heap of yummy guacamole on top. Honestly I wanted to order two more when I was finished because they were just THAT good. I have been dreaming about them (and raving to friends) since I put the last bite in my mouth. Buku serves brunch on Sunday, has a large outdoor seating area, and a large drink and dessert menu. I can't wait to go back, don't walk by Buku!
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,9/22/2014,4,13,13,8,8>Do you smoke?  This is as good as it gets.All the bartenders are named Mike.  Even Heather is named Mike.  If you want to talk about post-punk bands we've seen and vaguely remember, Dr. Who, pairing good Scotch or lousy Bourbon with a cigar, 3D printers, bit-coin exchanges, hockey, Canada or any number of sundry important and topical subjects...and if you can hold your own...and don't come across all douchey...you'll have a ton of fun here. The clientele is...varied...Spider Robinson might have written Calahan into Havana's.  Many nights there's Jeopardy!...followed by hockey...football in season...rarely baseball...The couches are over-rated.If the phone rings and Mike answers he won't tell your wife if you're there...or if you've been there...or that you've just left.  He won't tell her anything.  He just wants you to be happy...
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,9/21/2014,42,129,1,6,3>La Rancherita is solid for your lower price Mexican fare.  Living downtown this has become our go to for casual Mexican. It is a step up from El D's or Rodeo. Their corn tortillas are homemade and delicious. We have tried different things on each visit and haven't been disappointed.  Fajitas, enchiladas, tacos...all have been good enough for repeat ordering.  Dinner for the 2 of us is usually around $20 before tip. We haven't tried drinks yet but they do offer specials!
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,9/20/2014,70,129,1,5,5>I stumbled across this place with my friends a few weeks ago and I'm so glad that I did.  They have a large selection of wines to choose from to buy.  You can find anything you like in there and with decent prices.  The staff is friendly and very helpful.  My favorite part however is what else they offer.  When you first come into the store you see the tables and chairs outside under the awning where you can enjoy a glass of wine from the dispenser or bar or a beer from their cooler which I love.  On the inside they have couches and a table or two as well as the bar to do the same.  The very best part is the Enomatic wine dispenser.  This was my first experience with one of these.  The first step is to get a card and put money on it.  Then you use this card to fill a glass with a tasting, half glass or full glass of one of the many choices of wine in the machine.  I love this for the fact that you aren't stuck with one type of wine for a full glass and you can try so many different types without spending a ton of money.  Best. Idea. Ever.While my friends and I were enjoying our wine outside we also enjoyed a cheese plate.  Everything on it was very tasty especially the bacon jam.  I was a little nervous trying it because bacon and jam just don't seem like they would work together but they did!  The different types of cheeses went well with any wine and they give you a lot.  I will definitely be returning soon!
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2014,9/19/2014,114,109,4,4,6>Okay I really like this coffeehouse. I came back again and tried their piña colada icee (off the seasonal specialty drinks menu) and their iced almond latte. Both were delicious. Again, the piña colada was a little on the sweeter end, but no big deal. It was gooood. But the iced almond latte. Dang!!! I don't think I've tasted an almond latte with such strong coffee AND almond flavors. It was amazing. I want to try more of their coffees.There was also a man who was setting up to play some music. Live music on the weekends? Love it!
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2010,3/20/2010,33,110,3,6,4>Alright, I'm a convert.  Now they offer free WiFi, the best selection of loose-leaf tea in town, and an incredibly friendly staff.  Of course, I still wish there was more parking, but it's unfair to blame them for Carrboro's poor city planning.
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2010,3/19/2010,11,11,,5,5>Although there are many excellent reasons to pay a visit to Milltown, I go there for one reason: the mussels. Sure, you can go to more expensive or high-brow establishments for some delectable, bistro-style mussels, but Milltown's comfortable atmosphere brings this European bar food back to its roots. Typically, they have five different styles of steaming - ranging from a spicy blend with chorizo, to a belgian beer steam - but my absolute favorite is the traditional white wine and garlic. They're heaped high in a deep pot, and accompanied by fresh bread and stringy pommes frites. Trust me, you'll be sopping up every bit of juice in the pot with every last crust of bread supplied, and possibly asking for more.Pair the mussels with an excellent draught and bottled beer selection, and you have a near-perfect bar experience. The only thing that could sully your time is the inconsistent service. Although the wait staff are always friendly, at busier times you may find yourself somewhat-forgotten. I suggest grabbing a stool at the comfortable bar where you'll rarely go unnoticed.
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2010,3/18/2010,49,9,6,7,5>In the barren wasteland of fast food joints and chains surrounding the business park where I work, Meridian Cafe stands as blossoming oasis of culinary delight.Housed in the same space that Doce once occupied, the relatively new establishment has elevated lunchtime eating to a level I'd not experienced before. For all it's airs, Doce frequently left me dissatisfied, and usually with an upset stomach. Cafe Meridian leaves me wanting more, every time I leave.I admit, I am a regular - I go there almost daily with a colleague from work, and I've rarely - if ever - had a regular eating establishment in my life. They manage this behavior from me with several simple achievements that they meet, without fail, every day.First, the menu rotates and evolves every day. Delicious, gravy coated meatloaf and mashed sweet potatoes, catfish platters, bourbon street chicken, burritos, pastas, a full fresh salad bar, delicious soups and the best damned brownies I've ever had. The staff all look like they work hard every day, and it's evident in the food and service - both of which are without peer for the price.There was a time, for years actually, when thinking of eating lunch that I didn't bring to work was an unpleasant task. Having to pick a place that would be the least unappealing for lunch is never something one looks forward too. Cafe Meridian is a restaurant that I frequently look forward to heading to for a daily respite, and excellent food. The staff knows my name, knows the food I like and knows how I like it. And they seem to have that connection with many of the patrons who go there. Unlike other places, food RUNS OUT there, because it's all made fresh, from scratch, every single day - and it's ALL delicious. From the stuffed peppers to the lemon salmon, there are simply no bad choices, and if you're uncertain the staff will never steer you wrong. How can you possibly ask for more?If you want to eat well and healthy for lunch at a reasonable price, Meridian Cafe simply has no peer. I HIGHLY recommend it.
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2010,3/17/2010,9,26,2,7,3>My wife had been planting the seed of an idea to take ballroom dance lessons for quite some time. So for Christmas, I signed us up for a half-semester of Ballroom dancing (that's how it was offered). We had a great time during our first five weeks, and signed up again for another two classes. So much fun! The space is exactly what you would expect, up the creaky staircase shared with Cosmic Cantina and overlooking Ninth Street. Our ballroom instructor, Carol, is awesome and highly recommended. This particular class is more geared to having fun and learning how to get around on a dance floor than training for the next season of "Dancing with the Stars" -- perfect for us. The class demographic is weighted towards twenty-something couples, but a number of singles and older folks don't feel alone either. As you might expect, there can be more single women than single men -- single guys who are looking to meet some attractive women could do worse than signing up for a class or two. The policy is that you pay up front for classes, but you can take a sample class before you commit. Some friends of ours got a little bit of attitude from the desk attendant for taking advantage of this policy -- your mileage may vary.  You can also make up a missed class at any other class offered that semester.  There is advance registration, but they don't seem to cap the classes -- the start of our second half-semester coincided with Valentine's Day and the studio was jam-packed!  I was on the border between 4 and 5 stars, and these little administrative hook-ups are enough to push down to 4 stars instead of 5.
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2010,3/16/2010,9,20,2,4,2>I like to go here for lunch when I am in the area. Nice place, a little different. I can't speak to the authenticity of the cuisine, but my wife loves the Moules Frities, and the Parisian Gnocci. If you want something simple Le Hamburger with raclette cheese, or the Tarte Flambee are great options. If you have just won the lottery or robbed a bank, they have some very tasty, expensive beers to try; I do occasionally (taste the beer, not rob a bank).
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2010,3/15/2010,7,48,,7,3>Durhole is a pretty grim area for Japanese food. Either you get terrible cheap sushi place where the rolls taste like the prepackaged packs you get at target, or some japanese-thai-korean-chinese we offer all place that just smother you food in soy sauce and say it's whatever you want it to be. But Momoyama shines through by offering something besides soy sauce and week-old frozen fish.It offers a wide variety of real Japanese dishes and meals. It has your standard sushi rolls, which vary depending on the day and how fresh their catch is. It is mediocre at worst. I think it's real special-ness is all the dishes on the Japanese menu (separate from their American menu).Some things that stand out for me from the menu are the fried tofu with the red bean sauce--perfectly crispy on the outside, nice and soft on the inside. The raw squid with sea urchin on top--good blend of flavors. And although probably not for everyone, the steamed monkfish live with ponzu sauce--it just kind of tastes fishy, but the textures are what makes it different. Their udon and soba dishes are great too.I don't know if this is really the best place in the area for sushi, but if you want to get some good variety of japanese food (which is not just raw fish, btw) this is a good spot in the area.
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2010,3/14/2010,216,95,,6,4>I have no idea how they did it, but after closing for two weeks, the owners of Fin's turned their snooty place into this super-awesome happening place to be. It's only been open for a few weeks, but my boyfriend and I have been twice. We've chosen to eat tapas-style on both occasions. In total, we have tried 8 dishes: Hot pot, coconut, red curry, straw mushrooms, braised chicken - This is a MUST. It's soooo good. Only $10. Plenty for 3-4 full bowls. It's a hot soup. They serve it for you. Seriously. Just order this. You'll thank me.Grilled octopus, lemon, white bean, potato, paprika oil, toasted garlic - Very good. Lots of the things in this that look like octopus are in fact NOT octopus, so eat slowly. I ran through the real octopus much more quickly than I meant to. :(Korean bbq,  shaved prime sirloin, flash grilled, garlic, dark soy, kim chi, sesame spinach, hot mustard - Good. Mostly meat. The kim chi that came with it was excellent.Viet cucumber salad, crisp shallot, chiles, fried peanuts, sweet rice vinegar - This is surprisingly excellent. Wanted it to be about double the size it was.Viet crispy crepes, bean sprout, Thai basil, mushroom, shrimp - Not memorable.Crunchy Tuna Maki - This isn't on the online menu, but it was very good. In fact, all the sashimi that we've ordered or tasted from others has been high quality.Hawaiian yellowtail poke, cashew, lime plantain, sweet soy - Really good. I will definitely order this again.Lebanese fattoush, grilled pita, pickle, tomato, olives, lettuce, fragrant herbs - Very good.One dish I tried from another person but have not ordered myself is the Paneer. It comes with greens (maybe kale) and a really interesting sweet soy-based sauce. Desserts are all carried over from the old Fin's menu, which is a very good thing.My boyfriend keeps saying we should order the sea bass. It's one of the full entrees. They've been bringing musical performers representing a variety of global cultures regularly. So far, I haven't hung out much in the front room where I was able to listen to that, but soon! I'll be back many times, I think.What's great about bu*ku is that I know I can go for a cocktail, for an app and a coffee, for a full dinner, whatever I want. I think ti's place will make it.
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2009,3/13/2010,25,363,,4,5>I understand that cupcakes are so hot right now...although I think their popularity is one of those things we're supposed to blame on Carrie Bradshaw (??) At any rate, cupcakes. They are, of course, groovy and delicious, but there is no denying that some cupcakes are better than others. For instance, the Mexican Chocolate cupcakes from The Cupcake Bar. Holy smokes, they are as delicious as any dessert I've ever had. Delicious, never dried-out, dark chocolate cupcakes with cinnamon buttercream icing. It's an insanely delicious flavor combination that will make you happy you have a mouth.The Cupcake Bar doesn't have a physical location - just a website where you can view the cupcakes they offer and place an order. They also take orders by email and phone. Check out the site for menu options, prices, delivery charges, etc. These cupcakes were an enormous hit at my friend's wedding and at my shower. The only reason I'm deducting a star is that they're a tad too pricey for me to eat them every day.
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2009,3/12/2010,152,261,,9,5>I can't believe no one has reviewed Shamim's on Yelp yet! Here goes the 1st:Shamim & her crew are very efficient when it comes to threading.I got a full facial threading and was in & out in 20 min with no appointment. The lady was quick, thorough, my eyebrows are finally neatly shaped, and my skin is beaming. The price is right too - $25 for full facial threading & $7 for eyebrows. Verdict: Threading is the new waxing. Shamim makes it look easy. Come when you need to look good in under 30min!
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2010,3/11/2010,113,521,1,3,3>Pad Thai.  It's probably where most of us start when embarking on a Thai food trial.  It's where I started -- from my first try in Los Angeles, later in Charlotte, and most recently in Raleigh.  The Pad Thai is the first thing I try at any new Thai restaurant -- sorta like my "Thai gauge."I tried Sawasdee based on Yelp reviews and the rumors it's been rated the best in the Triangle.  It isn't much to look at from the outside but that changes pretty quickly once you walk in.  It's small (maximum capacity allowed by the fire marshal is 49) but very cozy and quaint.  The decor is nice, and I really like the small tables up front with upholstered chairs like you'd find in your living room.  I went for a late lunch-early dinner, so there was no crowd.  The staff was very attentive.  I tried the Fresh Spring Rolls with Shrimp (the menu says "shrimps" but I just can't type that -- sorry!)...unique and tasty.  The Pad Thai Chicken was very good -- I got mine with shrimp added.  It was a large portion so I took the other half home for lunch the next day. If I could change anything about this location, it would be to make the outside a bit more appealing and change the piped-in Muzak -- Kenny G just doesn't fit with the overall Thai theme.
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,7/11/2013,611,755,5,9,9>Located in what used to be an old wing restaurant, I had some problems finding Soo Cafe.  East of Sadlack's Heroes and in the same plaza as Buddha Belly, Soo Cafe has a bright red awning and small parking lot in front.  Inside you'll find a TV playing the latest K-pop tunes and videos, counter in back where you order for take-out or table service.  I came in focused on trying the Korean fried chicken with soy-garlic marinade.  Order up at the counter and they'll bring your food to the table.  It took about 15 minutes for my KFC and I get a styrofoam container lined with foil containing 8 or so bubbled and sauced pieces of chicken.  Took my first bite and wow, it was GOOD!  Great flavor, texture and of course, delicious chicken.  Yep, toe-curling, food orgasm good.  So just two words:  Try it.
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,7/10/2013,346,337,3,10,8>Gourmet Cuisine and Impeccable ServiceVisit: November 15Heron's is the utmost special occasion place. I decided to treat my husband (and me) to dinner at Heron's for his birthday. Heron's, which is located in The Umstead Hotel and Spa, provides an upscale experience from the moment you arrive at the door with liveried valet attendants opening you vehicle door and welcoming you. The hostess warmly greeted us, risked our winter coats into a back room, and then escorted us to an intimate table for two. I liked our table but there was an overhead light spotlighting the center of the table and it was overly bright. I would have preferred dimmer lighting to enhance the romantic mood. Moments later Miguel, our main server, appeared asking if we wished for still or sparkling water. Miguel and the whole team of wait staff were dressed formally in suits and ties. I asked Miguel for the vegetarian menu. He quickly returned with a short menu with only one vegetarian entrée and a handful of first and second course choices. Since we were celebrating Andy's birthday, we decided to splurge and began our meal with a half bottle of champagne, Veuve Clicquot. Heron's offers an impressive selection of wine and half bottles of champagne. The sommelier served the champagne, which was tantalizingly light and vibrant with just a hint of stone minerality. We enjoyed warm scones, which had a wonderful savory scent and were incredibly moist and crumbly. Shortly later, another server brought us an amuse bouche containing sliced beets, a roasted cranberry, and an accent of cream made from a local cheese artisan. The warm cranberry burst with sourness that was tempered by the subtle sweetness of the beets. The tartness complimented the champagne. We shared the Grilled Lobster, a half a tail of lobster and claw meat with black quinoa risotto and toasted hazelnuts surrounded in a golden apple foam. The lobster was absolutely sweet and succulent and the apple emulsion was a lovely accent. Truly amazing. Another amuse bouche was served which was a smoked nonsweet cheesecake topped with apple butter and a sugared date. Well, it was certainly smoked...it tasted like firewood. I didn't care for it but the sugared date was yummy. Before the main course was served, Andy asked Miguel for a wine recommendation to pair with the Hoppin' John. The sommelier came over to discuss Andy's preferences and suggested a white wine from Santorini (Greece). The Hoppin' John was artfully presented with heirloom beans that were quite large and black, rice, a myriad of vegetables, and hoop cheddar crackers. I pointed to a sputnik shaped vegetable asking the server what is was. He replied it was kohl rabi and that it was harvested in the morning from their farm located on SAS's property. Talk about fresh! Andy told me that everything was perfectly cooked and he really enjoyed the combination of flavors. I had the Scottish Salmon topped with buttered mussels and a fennel relish minus the pancetta. This salmon was very mild...degrees milder than Alaskan salmon. Its texture was different too and it just melted in my mouth. It came a maple flavored sauce which added to flavor profile. The dish also came with a small rectangle of custard, sort of like an egg soufflé, topped with two chunks of blue crab. Lastly we shared the Ice Cream & Sorbet. You have to check out the photo of this dessert because it was so creative and visually pleasing. The cheesecake ice cream was lusciously rich and creamy and the apple sorbet tasted just like green apples. There was a moat made from the butter cracker than slowly melted in your mouth and added to the richness of the dessert.But it didn't end there...Heron's gifted Andy with 4 bite sized sweets: a chocolate truffle, peanut butter macaron, a strawberry peach gumdrop, and a baby donut. Ok, they were just showing off now because each miniature dessert was scrumptious! Miguel gave Andy an envelop with a birthday card and a copy of the menu and a vial filled with chocolates shaped like river rocks. Yep, he was spoiled!Each person we encountered during the evening provided top-notch service and was professional but friendly and not snooty at all. The entire meal was delicious. The whole experience exceeded our expectations. If you are celebrating one of life's big moments or you want to seriously impress someone, then make plans for a wonderful, unforgettable evening at Heron's.
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,7/9/2013,39,145,5,8,4>I must say, I am really a fan of this place.My wife and I first visited DSI Comedy Theater on a date night out in Carrboro, after my not so well thought through spur of the moment weekend get away to Charleston SC fell through, I canceled my hotel reservations, and started looking for something else to do. Leave it to google to make a brother look good!We attended their Comedy Slam typically every Friday and Saturday at 7:30PM, however don't quote me on that. I was a little confused after we picked our seats right up front, why their were so many kids there, then my wife informed me if was family friendly. (What would I do with out her?!) I wont lie this took me a bit by surprise, and I was slightly disappointed, however that all dis appeared once the show got under way!This is 'The Boro's' version of Who's Line is it Anyway?, sort of. Two teams of three compete in several improv games complete with, rapping, random scenes with impromptu characters and audience provided lines, and one of my favorites, Try That On For Size!, where the teams have to act out various activities but have to create a new activity using the same series of motions until someone fails, hilarious.As soon as the show was over, we promised we would have to return with the kids, we did, and they loved it! By the next morning they were quoting some of their favorite lines from the night before. We will definitely be back for Comedy Slam as well as some of the other shows they put on here. Definitely worth a visit or three!
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,7/8/2013,108,135,,6,2>A last minute rescheduling landed us at Nosh for a business lunch and I must say 'Well done, Nosh!'.The parking area near the actual front of Nosh is quite limited, but there are tiers of parking lots that dribble down from the main building, so there will be a spot - just plan a few extra minutes if you're meeting someone during peak eating hours. You enter and are immediately in the ordering area. The menus are well displayed and offer breakfast ('till 3pm!), salads, burgers and sandwiches - all at a decent price point. We both opted for breakfast. I got the special: "The Slammer" and she got 'Maggie's Scramble', a large tasty looking vegetarian dish. We decided to share our sides (curried potatoes and fresh fruit) and I suggest you do the same if you have the option. There was some confusion as to where we get our water / silverware / etc., but nothing too worrying or inconvenient. It was really hoppin' too, and despite the high traffic we were able to speak at normal volume and use the wifi without issue.There are still menu items I'd like to try and if I lived closer would make it a regular spot to play, work and eat delicious food!
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,7/7/2013,22,342,3,5,2>Had a nice diner here at Zayka Indian Cuisine which is located in Brierdale Shopping Center in Raleigh, NC  This restaurant is locally owned a gentleman from Bombay.  The owner is very pleasant to talk to and he loves to talk about his home.  On this visit we ordered the lamb biryani, lamb curry and a kabob platter.  The kabob platter and the lamb curry were really good and I would order those again.  The bread here is really good too.  TV is in the bar area.Food B  (huge portions)Staff B (very attentive)Decor C (a bit dark)Location B (plenty of parking)Health Inspection Grade 96.0
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,7/6/2013,175,190,,6,2>After hearing all the advertising on the radio I had to come check this out.  Even though B and I have moved away from the Brier Creek area we both still work in the vicinity so it could definitely get some of our lunch and after dinner drink business. Note to anyone that is looking to gain entry to Louie and Charlie's - the entrance is on Page Road, and only Page Road.  Do not try to get in from 70, you'll be sorely disappointed.  Anyhow - being inside the old Kemp's I knew it was going to be massive inside.  My buddy Tom and I came to grab some lunch the other day.  We were led through the massive restaurant through the bar - easily 50 feet feet long, 4 flat panels above the bar, and two to three more on each opposing wall.   We were finally seated in a back corner, which appeared to be where everyone was getting placed.  It might feel more "cozy" if they blocked off the sections so the place didn't feel that massive.  I took advantage of the beer and burger bundle.  Excellent selection of craft beer on draft and in bottle.  I ordered their bacon cheeseburger and was really surprised about how good it was.  Cooked correctly to my order - Medium.  Nice char on the outside from the flat top, great juicy burger with an even better flaky potato roll.  The fries were also very good - thick cut wedges with a crispy exterior and a warm spongy interior.  Portion control is pretty good - you're going to get full but not take home a ton of leftovers.  This place is a great addition to the area, and IMO better than most of the other establishments located down the street in BC.
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,7/5/2013,10,93,8,3,2>Dear Remedy,Since you decided to remove the Greek Out from the menu, I have decided to hold your fifth star for ransom.  Bring back the vegan gyro, and you get back your other star.  There is nothing 'seasonal' about it.Sincerely, The KidnapperP.S.  The vegan Sopapilla Cheesecake is delicious, damn it.
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,7/4/2013,184,182,,7,3>First, let me say that I almost gave this a four, simply because of the noise level.  However, I did sit at a booth in the bar area, which oddly was also hosting a child's birthday party.  While leaving, I realized that the noise level in the main part of the dining room is not that bad.The food he is terrific.  We had Guacamole made table side and the portion size is huge for $6.  Because they make it table side and you get to point and direct what and how much of each item is mixed, it will always be to your taste.Also ordered were: fish tacos (tasty lightly battered tilapia with shredded cabbage, poco de gallo on the side, and a nice chipotle sauce), beef tacos (crunchy), and an enchilada (delicious).The service was well timed, quick, and very friendly.  A far as Mexican restaurants go (in Raleigh, at least), this one is the best.  I've had close to better in California and Texas, and prefer to judge this one based on what is available in the Raleigh-Durham area.  Of special mention, I was extremely impressed by the variety of seafood on the menu.  Not just seafood that you traditionally see on this type of menu, but truly well crafted and balanced dishes.  Can't wait to try more.
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,7/3/2013,36,110,7,6,4>This is one of the places that make me want to live in Raleigh the rest of my life. I love Beer, and for the most part it loves me back, and this is the place I go when I want more. My fridge is filled with all kinds of different beer, a good friend of mine says that my fridge is "what every man wishes there fridge looks like" and a good reason for that is Bottle Revolution.Now many people will try to pick sides between this and Tasty, but I won't. The main reason for that is I live close to Tasty and work close to BR, so I often visit both.First of all, BR is about one thing, and one thing only, Beer. If you are looking for something else, such as nice decor, go elsewhere. Their selection is great, and they are constantly getting in more and more stuff. Every time I got in there I tell myself I am only going to get 1 six pack and usually end up with at least 3.The best part about BR is the Staff. They all know what they are talking about, and usually offer up some good advice. Another thing good about the staff is their social media. The usually always will reply to your message on Twitter, especially if you are asking about a beer they may or may not have.I honestly could go on and on about BR, but honestly I suddenly got really thirsty.
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,7/2/2013,7,108,1,5,4>One of my favorite spots in Raleigh! I love coming here to catch a good independent film. I've always loved the old-school, independent theaters and the Rialto is a really good one.  Located in a great spot in Five Points, they serve beer and wine along with the normal movie snacks. It's just so much nicer going to see movies here than the big multiplexes, more of an experience and much less apt to be interrupted or annoyed by obnoxious movie-goers. Just remember, it's cash only.If you're looking to see a good film in a great spot, then definitely check out the Rialto.
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,2/2/2012,108,135,3,6,8>When I first heard Cat's was going to undergo a renovation I was skeptical. The barred-in raised area that ran along one side of the floor was my perch! The risers to the side of the sound booth were convenient and unique! So I had to ask myself: Will a new layout destroy my beloved Cat's? Short answer? Hell-to-the-NO! It may not be as cozy or intimate as it once was, but Cat's is now bigger and better! I'm really excited about it since, in my mind, larger layout = larger crowds = larger acts! There are still small wooden benches that line the walls, so if you get there for the opening acts you can score a pretty sweet perch! I saw Cut Copy last time I was there and while - THEY NEED TO FIX THE A/C -(seriously the pipes were dripping condensation and everyone had a layer of wet on them) I can't tell you how amazing it was to look out over all those sweaty, sweaty, happy people lit by strobes and twirling glowsticks...Cat's is always Good Times and I look forward to more!
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,2/1/2012,1,92,3,7,3>Best coffee shop option in Carrboro.  The music isn't terribly annoying (I'm looking to you, Starbucks!), the seating maintains a proper distance (ahem, Open Eye), and, most importantly, the espresso drinks are good and effective.  The outside patio is the best outdoor sitting option in Carrboro, more relaxed and friendly than Weaver Market.  In fact it's probably the best outdoor seating I've ever had the pleasure to enjoy.  It is often crowded, but during the day most people are hard at work on their computers and books, so it's definitely study-friendly.  In the evenings talkers make their way indoor, but a pair of earplugs/headphones works well.  Plenty of outlets.  Reliable Internet.  Lighting is low in certain parts, with the line of tables along the wall offering the best reading light. You've probably read about the shop in the back - it has toned down a lot in the last few months.  I'm guessing it isn't super popular anymore, this place is really transforming into a quality coffee joint. Bottom line:  Not the best coffee shop I've ever been to, but the best one in the Chapel Hill/Carrboro area.
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,1/31/2012,295,331,6,11,11>Ooookay, so I've changed my mind about Fullsteam.  Before, I thought, sure, this joint is a solid four stars (yay!  I *am* a fan!).  But, now, after several more visits and very thoughtful consideration, I feel confident saying here that Fullsteam is in fact ... as good as it gets!  Woohoo indeed!The following simple additions have increased my opinion of this fine establishment: now there is always at least one---often two, even three---food trucks parked outside.  The usual suspects include, but of course are not limited to, Pie Pushers, Farmhand Foods, Chirba Chirba, Only Burger, and The Parlour.  There really is nothing better, in my opinion, than enjoying a pint of Summer Basil with a slice of basil pizza from Pie Pushers (the beetza, too, is where it's at!).Also, now the bar area is fully closed and air conditioned / heated.  No more freezing your arse off in winter / getting right melted in summer.  Hurrah!Fullsteam are wicked awesome sponsors and I see them (and set myself up with an IV drip of Summer Basil, where available, Working Man's Lunch or Rocket Science IPA or Carver when it's not) at all manner of events, and I love how much time, effort, and delicious, delicious beer they have contributed to the community.Plus, they always be Tweeting at me.  Or, should I say, I Tweet at them, and then they'll respond and retweet.  They make me feel so speshul!They have a ton of events, too, so keep an eye on their Twitter and facebook pages for timely updates.Now, too, with Motorco, Geer St. Garden, and Surf Club in the vicinity, there's a straight-up pub crawl just waiting to happen, a thing of beauty not yet born when I first rolled down the mountain from Asheville only to land in the increasingly glorious Durham in 2003.  Viva la Warehouse District!
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,1/30/2012,8,158,3,9,10>if you ever, ever ever want to know what the benchmark is for good coffee, no ... I take that back... OUTSTANDING coffee, just look to the Times.Morning Times just doesn't do coffee. They KNOW coffee. Each cup is as sublime as the first cup, no matter when, summer, winter, spring or fall, iced or hot, latte or not. Every cup is perfection.If you are a Starbux refugee then listen up. This is the place to get your street cred. This is the place to start your bonafide java edification. If you can't get to Stumptown, start here.Why? they can make an espresso drink as smooth and silky, with crema that sticks to the side of the cup like antique lace. I learned years ago, that expresso should be like like strong love, vibrant, potent and noticeable without any bitter feelings. If you have a bitter expresso, the barista has GOT to go back to barista school or change his/ her technique. Espresso should be strong and smooth.Morning Times.....I'm in love.If you are a first timer, there are a few quirks to the place that you have to learn to earn your stripes. Like how to squeeze in to the counter when ordering. Where to stand and wait for your cup. And where to find seating. Hint': the place IS bigger than it looks.I used to think the only item worth eating was their morning bun. Again. Take a Starbux morning bun. Place it next to a Morning times bun, and you will wonder why anyone would ever, ever buy that cr@p from you know where ever again.I had a bite of the egg and bacon bagel recently. Too damn big for me to finish on my own. It was fresh tasting, not overly greasy,  the bagel was not soggy like it had been hanging out  at the Microwave before meeting my lips. And as usual, the morning bun had a delightful shell of glazed sugar with pull-apart goodness underneath.IMHO Morning Times could teach a master class in coffee perfection. Note: Downtown Raleigh has an ecclectic mix of up and coming gentrified  yuppies, and a sad underclass of unwashed homeless. It is hard sometimes, to sit and drink a $5.00 drink while watching some of the struggling members of our society amble by with dirty jeans, disheveled and mumbling. It is what it is. Perhaps you get a consciousness raising with each cup of coffee.
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2011,1/29/2012,68,214,,8,3>Whoa. This place is unreal. I had fairly high expectations of the food since Mediterranean is my FAVorite cuisine...but this meal blew me out of the water. I ordered the mixed grill platter which came with chicken souvlaki and gyro meat and 2 sides...the gyro meat was the most *amazing* that I have ever tasted, either here or abroad. Tender, Flavorful, Perfect. I could have eaten 2 pounds of it. Phenomenal. The hummus was delicious and predictable as expected and the eggplant saute was wicked delicious. Wait, did I mention they have a self-serve olive and condiment bar? Pile on the sauces, por favor. Neat! This was really amazing food. I don't out 5-stars too freely but this far exceeded my expectations. They have about 6 million other things that I want to try so I'll be back ASAP.
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,1/28/2012,38,237,,9,4>Market is so delicious - and I was so excited when I discovered it - because it has the same welcoming feel as one of our favorite restaurants in NY. I love the open kitchen - you can see and smell all the yummy food they are making. The crack fries are hands-down the best fries I have had in the Triangle so far. Even if you stripped them naked (as in no seasoning or toppings), they would still be the best - it just comes down to that they are well-cooked, hand-cut fries. I got the vegan taco salad both times I've been and it was very good! The first time I went it had asparagus in it (which I thought was odd) but the asparagus was gone the second time (whew - now perfect). I honestly can't remember what we had for dessert... it wasn't bad, but not as amazing as the other courses. Drinks were pretty good - both times we went they were running out of certain things, which was a little disappointing. Service was super great and super nice! Everyone was friendly.
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,1/27/2012,50,82,2,7,4>Fresh, homemade pasta!!!!!!!!!   Woohooo!!!!Nice decor, friendly service and fantastic food.  Folks, this is one not to be missed.  Tonight I had dinner with my wife and our good friend Victoria.  This was her recommendation based off glowing reviews from one of her coworkers/mutual friend.  Glad we listened.We started by sharing the calamari, well prepared, and the caprese salad.  That came with fresh, just picked basil and it was lights out.All of us ordered different entrees with the intention to share.  My wife got the lasagna (only complaint was with presentation), I got the fiocchi stuffed with pear and cheese and Victoria got the pumpkin ravioli.  All, fresh made and delicious.  Pretty rich, so the portion size was just right,For dessert, we split the tartufo which was perfect for 3 people and free thanks to a Foursquare promotion (sorry Yelp).  All in all a great experience, and I'm looking forward to going back again soon!
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,1/26/2012,53,110,3,8,6>After going to Mint for their lunch buffet again and having another excellent experience, I felt it was time I gave them that last star.  Nearly every item on the buffet was delicious, from the paneer tikka masala, chicken curry, butter chicken and palak shrimp (equal balance of meat and vegetarian dishes).  They seem to rotate just about everything, which can be disappointing if you're looking for something specific that day, but I find refreshing when you have so many great offerings.  There was also tempura broccoli, two kinds of rice, and plenty of warm naan to soak up all the delicious sauces that were left on my plate.  And you better believe I sopped up every last drop!  The staff probably couldn't tell whether they had already washed my plates or not.Service could use a little improvement, as even though there were multiple servers walking around, I still had to flag someone down when I had an empty cup for more than a few minutes.  But the staff was for the most part friendly and non-intrusive.  The ambiance is nice as well, reasonable for a dinner date, and the location is ideal for lunch if you're on UNC campus, as it's easily reachable via the J route.  I'm reluctant to go for dinner as the prices aren't cheap, but at $9 the lunch is a fantastic deal.  It's great not only to satisfy an Indian craving, but any time you're looking to experience a plethora of unique ethnic flavors and spices.
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2011,1/25/2012,152,347,7,8,6>Best gelato place I've ever been to!I've had a lot of gelatos in my days, and most of them have always been over-sugared and tastes like artificial flavouring. Not at henry's! I got the blood orange and grapefruit, and both of them were really thirst quenching with a little bit of tartness. The grape fruit even had a slight bitterness to it, which tells me the flavour isn't just coming from a bottle of syrup. We also tried the lemon, which was VERY VERY refreshing and TART! So be warned - it is VERY tart. Try a sample before you get a whole scoop of it. Being someone who likes to drink vinegar with a teaspoon, I couldn't finish my scoop.***The little girl who works there doesn't really know what "dairy" means, so if you are lactose intolerant, make your own best judgement***me: does the grape fruit have dairy in it?girl: no, but I don't think it's lactose free.me: OH what's in it?girl: ...water..?me: ....oh..okay...
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,1/24/2012,3,23,4,11,6>Allow me to preface this by stating that I will never rate a farmer's market by its looks.  I will rate a farmer's market based on the quality of the goods offered. Not everyone thinks the same way.  So, if atmosphere factors heavily in your enjoyment of a farmer's market, you won't be impressed by Holly Springs' modest effort.The place has grown to the point where it's moved to the big church parking lot across the street from the town center parking lot it used to be hosted in, but it's still got fewer than thirty vendors, and they all bring their own awnings/shade cloths/etc, so the effect is a little hodgepodge.However, if you're in it solely for quality, this is the real deal.  The goods offered by the vendors at Holly Springs' farmer's market aren't consistently-sized or blemish-free.  In a stack of tomatoes, you might find two that look alike.  There's even a vendor that sells heirloom varieties -- divided carefully into piles of the same type. And she can speak at length about them.  They have varieties that you can't find in the shipping markets (*gives Raleigh's farmer's market a dirty look*) because they spoil or crack or bruise easily, or are something that clueless corporate suits have deemed "unmarketable," and so can only be sold locally.  Ever heard of an Ananas melon?  I hadn't until I visited the HSFM this past Saturday. You will eat the crap out of everything you buy, because all of it is delicious.  The market is only open on Saturday from 9am to 1pm. If you've been hesitating, quit it.  Give us a shot.
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,11/17/2014,111,277,5,5,7>TOPPINGS TOPPINGS TOPPINGS! That's the star of this show. The crust is alright but doesn't have that just right bite. It holds up well to the mammoth heaps of delicious toppings they put on the pizzas though. I'm not talking pepperoni, I'm talking about the veggie pizza which is huge and overflowing with broccoli, tomato, onions, spinach,  fried eggplant(great addition), and cheese. Or the BBQ chicken pizza with a ton of large chunks of cut up and grilled chicken(the sauce could be bolder). I ordered two slices but should have just ordered one as I couldn't even finish them, my kids didn't make it through their one slice either. It was a whole lot of deliciousness and filled all four of us up for around $20 because a $3.50 slice is more like a personal pizza.The service was almost unbearably slow but it was Peakfest, they were busy(inside and out), and we were taking a cool break so we let it pass, this time.
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,11/16/2014,100,119,1,12,3>I went to Guglhupf this weekend with family and instantly fell in love with the place. I was previously shocked to see the hundreds of Yelp reviews for this cafe/patisserie and how popular it is in the Triangle. After my first visit, I completely applaud Guglhupf for its excellent dining experience and atmosphere. I often hesitate to give restaurants 5 stars because perfection calls for more than good tasting food, but also clean bathrooms/environment, friendly and helpful staff, and unique/creative decor. Coming from San Diego, many restaurants soar very high in these categories. Guglhupf is one of those stylish eateries that trumps its North Carolinian competitors. First off... It has its OWN building with it's OWN unique signage and logo -- and is NOT part of those numerous "shopping centers". That often drives me nuts, as if originality and advertisement is not important at many restaurants around here. The menu is fantastic, with so many options for breakfast and lunch. I personally ordered the Eggs Benedict which was amazing, especially the way they made the hollandaise sauce. I love that there is a separate patisserie attached to the dining area. Being French, I was ecstatic to see French baked goods and desserts!! I'll definitely need to get one next time :) The patio is a great size; love the scenery, outside with plants, wall decor and the canopy that comes over the patio. The interior is amazing, with large steel posts/bars, a beautiful concrete staircase to a second floor for more seating, and unique paintings that compliment the stylish atmosphere. The bathroom was very clean with a really nice Mediterranean-like feel (white plastered mosaic wall and raised sink). Decorated bathrooms ALWAYS raise the value of a dining place! Lastly, the staff was very friendly and in general the dining experience is relaxing, quaint and you just feel like you took a mini eating-vacation into the countryside. I will definitely be returning and recommending Guglhupf to other friends. It is by far one of the best dining experiences/atmospheres that I have found in the Triangle. I can't wait to explore the many more options available and the bakery!
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2014,11/15/2014,82,136,3,6,6>I love ice cream shops that put together creative flavors and this spot does not disappoint! I plan to be back multiple times so I can check out a few more flavors.  I tried one of their flavors with fig (can't remember the exact name now) but it was yummy!! I'm a fan of figs in ice cream ever since I tried fig/almond gelato in Rome. If they have it on their menu when you visit,  definitely give it a try. I was also intrigued by their chocolate lavender ice cream and will be trying that next time. They've also got milkshakes and sundaes if you're not in the mood for just some scoops. The decor in here is also really cute and is a nice little  spot for a date or catching up with friends. There is seating inside and on a warm day you could sit outside too. The price is a bit on the higher end but that's also expected for these ice cream shops that serve out of the ordinary creations. Check this place out if you're in downtown Durham and craving something sweet :)
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,11/14/2014,74,69,1,8,6>One word. NACHOS! Sooo yummy, like literally heaven on earth. I have been to tir na nog a handful of times, but the other night for my birthday I made a reservation for a bunch of us to eat dinner there. Everything was good. My boss got the nachos and I kept reaching over and stealing nachos off her plate! Fresh jalapeños, pulled pork, sour cream and lots of other goodness. I think there was barbecue sauce on there too. I want to go back asap just to get more of those nachos. I ordered the beer can chicken which I'd heard was really good. The chicken was moist, the macaroni was crispy on top and creamy. The staff and service was very friendly and has consistently been that way.. Even when I just go for drinks. When I called to make the reservation they were nice and told me there would be a band playing that night and they would seat us at a table by the band, that didn't happen (which was kind of annoying) but otherwise my few experiences at tir na nog have been very pleasant. Everyone in the party said they liked their food which makes me even more excited to be going back very soon.
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,11/13/2014,401,126,6,12,13>Definitely great service and nice ambiance. White tablecloths with tiny lamps carefully placed at the center of each table. Cozy, semi-romantic lighting.Some delicious food; like the fried plantains, the red beans in sauce, and the churrasco con chimichurri. I love garlic so the chimichurri sauce in all of its green glory with minced garlic really romanced my taste buds on that Saturday night...especially after not being completely thrilled with my Mahi Mahi. Oh, Chimi, you've inspired me to create you in my own kitchen someday where I attempt to clone all my favorites. Some so-so food. The Mahi Mahi was a bit overcooked for my liking but the sauce was very good. Conversely, the churrasco was a bit undercooked and on the rare side although still quite tasty. I was enamored with the chimichurri sauce and it really seemed to do wonders for that bloody churrasco. Bloody, as in rare, not as in I'm using British slang. It was bloody good, though, chaps and chappettes, especially if you fancy your steaks a bit on the rare side.One of our friends commented that her Arroz con pollo was "mediocre" and that she was expecting it to be more flavorful especially coming from a Cuban restaurant. Our other friend enjoyed his meal and ceviche appetizer. The ceviche was tasty, especially if you like lime. Overall, we enjoyed some good food and excellent service. If I'm in the area again, I might stop in and try some flan and Espresso but I'm not sure I would go out of my way to have another dinner here. This is definitely one of the times I wish I could give ratings in half star increments...I would probably opt for 3.5 stars but nothing less. It was better than 3 but not quite 4 so I'm rounding it up. 4 stars it is. Absobloodylootely!
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,11/12/2014,362,488,4,5,4>My first outdoor concert in downtown Raleigh and I had a fun experience. We came around 7 pm and had uneventful experience going through security and the ticket line. Since we were hungry, we went to check out the concessions. Jon O. got a hot dog and nachos and I got a Mango Orange smoothie, which hit the spot for being such a hot day. The lines weren't too bad. I wasn't in the mood for any alcohol, but I overheard you had to pay $10 for a tall boy. Eek! Mental note drink alcohol and eat dinner before going here for any event.Our seats were in section 7 row E and I thought it was decent. Although you do get a view of the foot traffic going through the middle. I did notice that Section 6 wasn't a great place to sit because the sound/visual effects tents were in the way. I was somewhat surprised how small the lawn section was. If you want a good seat, definitely come early.Small venue compared to other places I have been to, but lots of great acts performing (e.g. John Legend, Ray LaMontagne).
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,11/11/2014,77,57,2,9,5>So, after reading numerous reviews and seeing all the delicious mouth water pictures,  I decided to finally go in and see this place for my self! after being downtown at Artsplosure my daughter and I became very hungry while art gazing and all that walking.  upon strolling down the road I look to my left and there it was. picnic tables with umbrellas were inviting us in on this beautiful day.  we walked in and instantly fell in love with the assortment of colors and beautiful paintings that hung on the wall, and the beautiful handmade flowers that rested on each table. we were instantly greeted by the bartender, who handed us a menu.  I instantly knew what I wanted.... "The Bulkogi  and" before I even finished my request she informed me that the Bulkogi was no longer available.... "Noooooooo" I haven't even got a chance to try it yet. although I was heartbroken I did order the Havana Jerk and the Piggly Wiggly (Both were AMAZING!! ) Both full of so much flavor,  I don't think I can choose a favorite yet. after I finished them,  I had to grab my best friend to try some.  so about an hour later my daughter and I were back with friends.We sat outside to enjoy the weather and our drinks.I had a Pina Cojito,  which was Amazing & She had a Mango Margarita (she said it was great)I got to meet the owner,  he sounded very passionate about what he has done and he even recommended the drink to me,  he also introduced me to Sangrita - this is what you drink after a shot of tequila,  which is very smooth and takes the bite out..... very refreshing Looking forward to visiting again soon!!
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,11/10/2014,42,23,12,8,9>I have a beard.  It is part of my face. I am scared to death of cutting it myself and I don't trust YouTube videos that try to illustrate the DIY face haircut.  That's really what a beard trim is, a face haircut.  Now that I have laid the groundwork, let's get into the meat of the review.  My beard was starting to advance into the "drifter" stage, where it was hard to determine whether or not I had just hopped out of a boxcar on a passing train.  I told my wife that it was starting to drive me a little crazy, so she reluctantly suggested that I try Alter Ego (the "reluctantly" part is derived from her love of the beard in its natural state and has no reflection on her opinion of the studio).  Every time that I have attempted to Google or Yelp for a place in Raleigh to get a beard trim, the results come back for Sports Clips.  No thanks.  So she called up Alter Ego and explained the scenario at hand and they said that they had me covered and had the perfect person for the job.  It's nice to hear a level of confidence on the other end if the phone when you call up a place out of the blue, so right off the bat we were headed in the right direction.  This place is pretty busy, so I was psyched to get an appointment that same week to get my face mowed.  I rode the elevator up to the space with a bridal party. When the door opened and we all spilled out into the reception area, I must have looked like the hillbilly stripper.  Once I made it up to the desk, I was greeted right away and asked if I needed anything to drink.  This was Saturday at 9:30am and the place was bumping.   As I mentioned there was a bridal party going on on one side of the studio. This place is perfect for that kind if action since it has tons of space and a really good atmosphere.  I have attended a couple of art shows here on First Friday, but this was my I first time in for anything other than that.  By the way, they always have really cool art hanging in this space.  Now the moment of truth, time for my beard trim.  My stylist was Shawna C.  She immediately assured me that she knew what she was doing and that this wasn't her first bearded rodeo.  I gave her some guidelines as to what I was looking for (reverse mullet instructions and apply to facial hair).  She understood what I was going for and went to work.  15 minutes later all of my fears had subsided and I no longer looked like a vagabond.  Shawna did a superb job, and I went ahead and booked a future appointment to get the head/face combo cut.  Very pleased with the results and looking forward to going back!My wife liked it too!
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2014,11/9/2014,83,168,3,7,5>Let me preface this review with the fact that I usually don't like bread. It's one of those things that I usually find 'not worth the calories'. But geeeez Yellow Dog's bread is definitely worth it. So good. Came in this afternoon with a new comic to read and wanting something to much on while I did it. I ordered the tomato and bacon focaccia and it was perfect! So flavorful with just the right amount of cheese. For $3 I got an impressive slice, which filled me up. Along with my lunch I ordered an iced chai which was refreshing! All together my meal cost a little under $6 which was impressive considering how good everything was!Service was friendly and quick and the bakery was clean and orderly! The only thing I would change (like others) is the fact that they don't serve their drinks in mugs or glasses. Everything is in paper or plastic cups which seems a bit wasteful if you're hanging out there.I can't wait to come back!
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,11/8/2014,81,225,3,11,10>I'm a big fan of massage--my neck, shoulders, and upper back are always knotted up  in pain. Norma G had raved about Chutikan and Thai massage sounded like a great option to help relieve some of the pain I carried. I scheduled an appointment via text message (which is the preferred method) and got a date and time set within minutes. Sukho Thai was a bit hard for me to find, but I don't frequent that area so I wasn't used to the roads. Thank goodness for the storefront pictures on Yelp! Keep an eye out for the hand carved sign! That was my key. As soon as I walked in, Chitukan welcomed me, took my medical info, and asked me what my key problems were. Pam was my massage therapist and asked if there was a style I preferred, but I said, "whatever you guys think is best!" So I received a mix of styles. Pam started off with some Thai styles, then added some oils and went Swedish style (I think), and we rounded off with some Thai stretching positions. It was great. The stretching portion requires both of you to be more on contact and could possibly make you uncomfortable..but Pam asked me beforehand if I'd try and continually asked me if what she was doing was okay. I'm open to trying everything once and I'm glad I did! If you're not though, I'm sure they would try other things! Pam was very professional!If you're looking for more of a relaxing massage just to drift off and clear your mind, I'm sure Sukho could fit your needs. But they really shine in the form of therapeutic relief. An hour was nowhere near long enough for Pam to really make a dent in my pain, but I could definitely feel some relief and will be scheduling a longer session in the future!Give Sukho Thai Massage a shot! It'll be very different than traditional massages, but well worth it!
